<doc id="18742711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742711" title="Einstein family">
Einstein family

The Einstein family is the family of the famous physicist Albert Einstein (1879-1955). Einstein's great-great-great-great-grandfather, Jakob Weil, was his oldest recorded relative, born around the turn of the 18th century, and the family continues to this day. Albert Einstein's great-great-grandfather, Löb Moses Sontheimer (1745–1831), was also the grandfather of the prominent tenor Heinrich Sontheim (1820–1912) of Stuttgart.
Albert's three children were from his relationship with his first wife, Mileva Marić, his daughter Lieserl being born a year before they married.
Albert Einstein's second wife was Elsa Einstein, whose mother Fanny Koch was the sister of Albert's mother, and whose father Rudolf Einstein was the son of Raphael Einstein, a brother of Albert's paternal grandfather. Thus Albert and Elsa were first cousins through their mothers and second cousins through their fathers.
Pauline Koch (Albert's mother).
Pauline Einstein (née Koch) (February 8, 1858 – February 20, 1920) was the mother of the physicist Albert Einstein. She was born in Cannstatt, Württemberg. She was Jewish and had an older sister, Fanny, and two older brothers, Jacob and Caesar. Her parents were Julius Doerzbacher, who had accepted the family name Koch in 1842, and Jette Bernheimer. They had married in 1847. Pauline’s father was from Jebenhausen, now part of the city of Göppingen, and came from simple circumstances. Later he lived in Cannstatt and together with his brother Heinrich, succeeded in making a considerable fortune in the corn trade. They even became “Royal Württemberg Purveyor to the Court”. Their mother was from Cannstatt and was a quiet and caring person.
Early life.
At 18 years old, Pauline married the merchant Hermann Einstein who lived in Ulm. They got married in Cannstatt on August 8, 1876. After the marriage, the young couple lived in Ulm, where Hermann became joint partner in a bed feathers company. Their son, Albert was born on March 14, 1879. On the initiative of Hermann’s brother Jakob the family moved to Munich in the summer of 1880, where the two brothers together founded an electrical engineering company called Einstein & Cie. The second child of Hermann and Pauline, their daughter Maria (called Maja), was born in Munich on November 18, 1881. Pauline Einstein was a very well educated and quiet woman who had an inclination towards the arts. When her duties in the household allowed it, she was an assiduous and good piano player. She made Albert begin with violin lessons at the age of five.
Business problems.
The factory of Hermann and Jakob was moved to Pavia, Italy in 1894. Hermann, Maria and Pauline moved to Milan in the same year and one year later, moved to Pavia. Albert stayed with relatives in Munich to continue his education there. The separation from her son was certainly difficult for Pauline.
Due to poor business, the brothers had to abandon their factory in 1896. Though Hermann had lost most of their money, he founded (without his brother) another electrical engineering company in Milan. This time business was better. However, Hermann's health had gone downhill, and he died of heart failure in Milan on October 10, 1902.
After Hermann.
In 1903, Pauline went to live with her sister Fanny and her husband Rudolf Einstein, a first cousin of Hermann, in Hechingen, Württemberg. Fanny's daughter, Elsa was to become the second wife of Albert in 1919.
In 1910, Pauline moved with her sister, Fanny and her family to Berlin. She took on a job as housekeeper in Heilbronn, Württemberg in 1911. She lived with her brother Jacob Koch and his family in Zurich after 1914.
Death.
During World War I, Pauline fell ill with cancer. In 1918, when visiting her daughter, Maria and son-in-law, Paul Winteler in Luzern, Pauline was taken to the sanatorium Rosenau, due to her illness. At the end of 1919, Albert took his terminally-ill mother out of the sanatorium in Luzern and brought her to Haberlandstrasse 5, Berlin to stay with him and his second wife Elsa, where she later died.
Hermann Einstein (Albert's father).
Hermann Einstein (August 30, 1847 – October 10, 1902) was the father of Albert Einstein.
Early life.
Hermann Einstein (also known as Hermann Moos) was born in Buchau, Württemberg to Abraham Einstein and Helene Moos (July 3, 1814 – August 20, 1887).
He had six siblings:
At the age of 14, Hermann attended the secondary school in the regional capital Stuttgart and was academically successful. He had a strong affection for mathematics, and would have liked to study in this or a related area, but as the financial situation of the family opposed further education, he decided to become a merchant and began an apprenticeship in Stuttgart.
Marriage to Pauline.
Hermann married 18-year-old Pauline Koch in Cannstatt, Württemberg on August 8, 1876. After their wedding, the young couple lived in Ulm, where Hermann became joint partner in the bed feathers shop of his cousins, Moses and Hermann Levi. In Ulm, their son Albert was born on March 14, 1879. On the initiative of Hermann's brother Jakob, the family moved to Munich in the summer of 1880. There, the two brothers founded the electrical engineering company "Einstein & Cie", with Hermann being the merchant and Jakob the technician. The second child of Hermann and Pauline, their daughter Maria, (called Maja) was born in Munich on November 18, 1881.
Work.
The Einsteins' electrical firm manufactured dynamos and electrical meters based on direct current. They were instrumental in bringing electricity to Munich, the capital of a very Catholic Bavaria. In 1885, they won the contract that provided DC lights to illuminate the Oktoberfest for the first time. To young, impressionable Albert, this must have been the source of great pride, for at this time Albert was the only Jew in his Catholic Petersschule class.
To their dismay, the Einstein brothers eventually lost a bidding war for the electrification contract of Munich to Siemens, which promoted the modern alternating current. Their fortunes took a decidedly downward turn from there.
The two brothers moved their company to Pavia, Italy in 1894. Hermann, Pauline and Maja moved to Milan in the same year and one year later moved to Pavia. Albert stayed with relatives in Munich to continue his education there.
Due to poor business, Hermann and Jakob had to burn their factory in 1896. Though Hermann had lost most of their money, he founded another electrical engineering company in Milan, this time without his brother. He was supported financially by his relatives in this venture. Though business was better this time, Hermann was preoccupied with “worries due to the vexatious money”. He moved back to Germany in 1902.
Death.
Hermann Einstein died of heart failure in Milan in 1902. The grave is Civico Mausoleo Palanti inside Cimitero Monumentale di Milano.
Maria "Maja" Einstein (Albert's sister).
Maria "Maja" Einstein and her older brother, Albert Einstein were the two children of Hermann Einstein and Pauline Einstein (née Koch), who had moved from Ulm to Munich in June 1880, when Albert was one. There Hermann and his brother Jakob had founded "Einstein & Cie.", an electrical engineering company.
She was born November 18, 1881 in Munich. When little Albert saw his sister for the first time he thought she was a kind of toy and asked: ""Yes, but where does it have its small wheels?"" Maja and Albert got along very well all their lives. She was Albert's only friend during his childhood.
She attended elementary school in Munich from 1887 to 1894. She then moved with her parents to Milan, where she attended the "German International School"; Albert had stayed behind with relatives in Munich to complete his schooling. From 1899 to 1902, she attended a workshop for teachers in Aarau. After she passed her final exams, she studied Romance languages and literature in Berlin, Bern and Paris. In 1909, she graduated from University of Bern, her dissertation was entitled "Contribution to the Tradition of the Chevalier au Cygne and the Enfances Godefroi".
In the year following her graduation, she married Paul Winteler, but they were to be childless. The young couple moved to Luzern in 1911, where Maja's husband had found a job. In 1922, they moved to Colonnata near Florence in Italy.
After the Italian leader Benito Mussolini introduced anti-Semitic laws in Italy, Albert invited Maja to emigrate to the United States in 1939 and live in his residence in Mercer Street, Princeton, New Jersey. Her husband was denied entry into the United States on health grounds. Maja spent some pleasant years with Albert, until she suffered a stroke in 1946, and became bedridden. She later developed progressive arteriosclerosis, and died in Princeton on June 25, 1951 four years before her brother.
Lieserl Einstein (Albert's daughter).
Lieserl Einstein (born January, 1902 – last mentioned in 1903; date of death unknown) was the first child of Mileva Marić and Albert Einstein.
According to the correspondence between her parents, "Lieserl" was born in January, 1902, a year before her parents married, in Novi Sad, Vojvodina, present day Serbia, and was cared for by her mother for a short time while Einstein worked in Switzerland before Marić joined him there without the child.
"Lieserl's" existence was unknown to biographers until 1986, when a batch of letters between Albert and Mileva were discovered by Hans Albert Einstein's daughter Evelyn.
Marić had hoped for a girl, while Einstein would have preferred a boy. In their letters, they called the unborn child "Lieserl", when referring to a girl, or "Hanserl", if a boy. Both "Lieserl" and "Hanserl" were diminutives of the common German names Liese and Hans.
The first reference to Marić's pregnancy was found in a letter Einstein wrote to her from Winterthur, probably on May 28, 1901 (letter 36), asking twice about "the boy" and "our little son", whereas Marić's first reference was found in her letter of November 13, 1901 (letter 43) from Stein am Rhein, in which she referred to the unborn child as "Lieserl". Einstein goes along with Marić's wish for a daughter, and referred to the unborn child as "Lieserl" as well, but with a sense of humour as in letter 45 of December 12, 1901 "... and be happy about our Lieserl, whom I secretly (so Dollie doesn't notice) prefer to imagine a Hanserl."
The child must have been born shortly before February 4, 1902, when Einstein wrote: "... now you see that it really is a Lieserl, just as you'd wished. Is she healthy and does she cry properly? [...] I love her so much and don't even know her yet!"
The last time "Lieserl" was mentioned in their extant correspondence was in Einstein's letter of September 19, 1903 (letter 54), in which he showed concern for her suffering from scarlet fever. His asking "as what is the child registered? we must take precautions that problems don't arise for her later" may indicate the intention to give the child up for adoption.
As neither the full name, nor the fate of the child are known, so far several theories about her life and death have been put forward:
Abraham Einstein (Albert's grandfather).
Abraham Einstein (8 Apr 1808–21 Nov 1868), the son of Ruppert Einstein and Rebekha Overnauer, is the father of Hermann Einstein and grandfather of Hermann's son, Albert. Abraham married Helene Moos, both German Jews, in April 1839 in Buchau. Together, they had several children:
Ancestors and Relatives.
Einsteins and Ainsteins.
First known is Baruch E/Ainstein (b. 1665 in Wangen as son of Moses Ainstein, Germany, d. after 1689), got married two times with unknown women, from one marriage he had Moyses Probabla E/Ainstein (b. 1689, d. 1732). Moyses got married two times, second marriage was with Judith Hayman, Judith got 2 stepson from this marriage: David Einstein (b. 1713 in Buchau, Germany, d. 1763, but there is also chance he is son of unknown son of Judith and Moyses) and Abraham Einstein, Moyses also had daughter from first marriage. Judith had 2 biological sons: Daniel Einstein (b. 1690 in Fellheim, Germany, d. after 1720) and Leopold Einstein (b. 1700, d. after 1718).
Daniel's children.
Daniel had 4 wives, but despite this he had only one child, either a son or stepson called
Leopold's children.
Leopold had one wife called Karoline (b. 1700 in Buchau, Germany) and had:
Abraham's children.
Abraham had one unknown wife:
David's children.
From marriage with Karoline Ehrlich he had:

</doc>
<doc id="18742718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742718" title="Grizzly Giant">
Grizzly Giant

The Grizzly Giant is a giant sequoia in Mariposa Grove, located in Yosemite National Park. The tree has been measured many times, most recently in 1990 by Wendell Flint. It has a volume of , making it the 25th largest giant sequoia living today.
The Mariposa Grove was first visited by non-natives in 1857 when Galen Clark and Milton Mann found it. They named the grove after Mariposa County, California, in which the grove is located. Nearby trees include the California tree, which has a hole cut through it. Mariposa Grove is the largest grove of giant sequoias in Yosemite National Park, with several hundred mature examples of the tree. Two of its trees (the Washington tree and the Grizzly Giant) are among the largest giant sequoias in the world.
The Mariposa Grove's Washington tree is not to be confused with the more famous Washington tree in the Giant Forest of Sequoia National Park, which partially collapsed in January 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18742735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742735" title="Xue Ruipeng">
Xue Ruipeng

Xue Ruipeng (born 1988-03-20 in Taiyuan, Shanxi) is a Chinese swimmer, who will compete for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18742754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742754" title="Macaroni soup">
Macaroni soup

Macaroni soup is soup that includes macaroni. The food is a traditional dish in Italy, sometimes served with beans, known as "pasta e fagioli", and was also included in "Mrs Beeton's Book of Household Management" where the connection with Italy is mentioned and the dish includes parmesan cheese. In the early 19th century, macaroni soup was one of the most common dishes in Italian inns.
The soup was discussed as a food to improve the health of poor miners. Weeds can be used in macaroni soup in times of poverty to provide vitamins and minerals. Due to its inexpensive nature, it is often part of the menu in institutions such as schools, hospitals and prisons. Protein such as soya beans can be added to provide nutrition. It was included in a cookbook for schools in 1896. One book suggests using it as a food to comfort distressed mental patients. The dish was served as part of the menu for students in Memorial Hall, Harvard in 1882, where their food was described as looking better than it tastes.
In Los Angeles it is sometimes served with chilli. The soup is also known in Malaysia, where it is sometimes served with chicken balls.

</doc>
<doc id="18742761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742761" title="Lai Zhongjian">
Lai Zhongjian

Lai Zhongjian (born 1988-01-28 in Guigang, Guangxi) is a Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18742765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742765" title="Agente X 1-7 operación Océano">
Agente X 1-7 operación Océano

Agente X 1-7 operación Océano is a 1965 Italian spy film adventure directed by Tanio Boccia.

</doc>
<doc id="18742780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742780" title="Zimbabwean Australian">
Zimbabwean Australian

Zimbabwean Australians are Australian citizens of Zimbabwean ancestry or Zimbabwe-born people who reside in Australia. They include migrants to Australia of people from Zimbabwe (Rhodesia until 1980), as well as their descendants. Today, a significant number of people in Australia were either born in Zimbabwe or are descended from Zimbabweans.
Background.
The Zimbabwean population in Australia has been changing rapidly. The 2006 Australian Census registered 20,157 Zimbabwe-born living in Australia. The 2011 Census noted there are 30,252 Zimbabwe-born people. The vast majority are skilled and educated, with 74.5% of the Zimbabwe-born aged 15 years and over possessing higher non-school 
qualifications, compared to 55.9% of the Australian population.
Population distribution.
Almost a third of Zimbabweans in Australia reside in Perth, whereas about a fifth reside in Sydney. Many white Zimbabwean farmers have settled in Queensland, whereas more recent arrivals have included increasing numbers of people of indigenous Shona and Ndebele ethnicities who have settled in cities such as Sydney or Melbourne. One in three of Australia's Ndebele-speakers live in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="18742794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742794" title="Adolf Mošinsky">
Adolf Mošinsky

Adolf pl. Mošinsky (1843–1907) was a mayor of Zagreb from 1892 to 1904. Being the head of the city for three consecutive terms, he set a record in mayoring length that still remains unbroken. One of his most important achievements was building the Zagreb sewer system from scratch and turning Medveščak stream into an underground canal. During his time as a mayor, Zagreb grew in size by 30 percent. During Mošinsky's term in office, many Zagreb tourist sights and locations, such as the Croatian National Theater (HNK) were built. Mošinsky also saw the introduction of the Zagreb taxi, being the first passenger of driver Tadija Bartolović in 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="18742797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742797" title="Shi Feng">
Shi Feng

Shi Feng (born 1988-11-06 in Liaoyang, Liaoning) is a Chinese swimmer, who competed for China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Shi Feng reached the semifinals of the men's 100 m butterfly. His semifinal time of 51.68 seconds meant he missed out on a place in the final by 6-hundredths of a second.

</doc>
<doc id="18742811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742811" title="Eristalis pertinax">
Eristalis pertinax

Eristalis pertinax is a European hoverfly. Like "Eristalis tenax", the larva of "E. pertinax" is a rat-tailed maggot and lives in drainage ditches, pools around manure piles, sewage, and similar places containing water badly polluted with organic matter.

</doc>
<doc id="18742821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742821" title="Free loop">
Free loop

In the mathematical field of topology, a free loop is a variant of the mathematical notion of a loop. Whereas a loop has a distinguished point on it, called a basepoint, a free loop lacks such a distinguished point. Formally, let formula_1 be a topological space. Then a free loop in formula_1 is an equivalence class of continuous functions from the circle formula_3 to formula_1. Two loops are equivalent if they differ by a reparameterization of the circle. That is, formula_5 if there exists a homeomorphism formula_6 such that formula_7.
Thus, a free loop, as opposed to a based loop used in the definition of the fundamental group, is a map from the circle to the space without the basepoint-preserving restriction. Free homotopy classes of free loops correspond to conjugacy classes in the fundamental group.
In the last years, interest in the space of all free loops formula_8 has grown with the advent of string topology, i.e. the study of new algebraic structures on the homology of the free loop space. 

</doc>
<doc id="18742840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742840" title="Chen Yin (swimmer)">
Chen Yin (swimmer)

Chen Yin (born 1986-03-29 in Qinhuangdao, Hebei) is a Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18742847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742847" title="Scottville Public Library">
Scottville Public Library

The Scottville Public Library is a branch or division of the Mason County District Library administrative board. The first librarian was Ruth VanderMolen. The second librarian was Robert Dickson.

</doc>
<doc id="18742866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742866" title="Rivière-Kipawa, Quebec">
Rivière-Kipawa, Quebec

Rivière-Kipawa was a former unorganized territory in the Abitibi-Témiscamingue region of Quebec, Canada.
In October 2005 it ceased to exist and its territory was split into the two new unorganized territories of Laniel and Lacs-du-Témiscamingue.

</doc>
<doc id="18742877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742877" title="Get Acquainted Vol. 1">
Get Acquainted Vol. 1

Get acquainted is the title of a CD-compilation that was released for free with the German book "Metall macht Musik". Among others the CD features songs by ex-Misfits-singer Michale Graves and his band Gotham Road. Those songs were made available on a factory pressed CD for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="18742886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742886" title="Tanio Boccia">
Tanio Boccia

Camillo Tanio Boccia (1912–1982) was an Italian film director and screenwriter active in the 1960s.
Born in Potenza, Boccia directed 16 films in his career and was often credited as Amerigo Anton. He is best known for his work in the adventure film genre, many of them historical adventure films particularly in the early 1960s with films such as "Caesar the Conqueror" (1962), "Samson Against the Pirates" (1963) and "Hercules of the Desert "(1964).
In 1965 he directed the spy adventure "Agente X 1-7 operación Océano".
He died in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="18742896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742896" title="Filip Filipović">
Filip Filipović

Filip Filipović may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18742906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742906" title="Qu Jingyu">
Qu Jingyu

Qu Jingyu (born October 16, 1986 in Qiqihar, Heilongjiang) is an Olympic swimmer from China. He swam for China at the 2008 Olympics.
He also swam for China at the 2007 World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18742907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742907" title="Les Lacs-du-Témiscamingue, Quebec">
Les Lacs-du-Témiscamingue, Quebec

Les Lacs-du-Témiscamingue (French meaning "The Lakes of Temiscaming") is a vast unorganized territory in the Abitibi-Témiscamingue region of Quebec, Canada. With a surface area of 1 E+10 m², it takes up over 60% of the eastern portion of the Témiscamingue Regional County Municipality.
Until October 31, 2005, Les Lacs-du-Témiscamingue and Laniel unorganized territories were part of the Rivière-Kipawa unorganized territory.
Demographics.
Population:
Private dwellings occupied by usual residents: 1
Total private dwellings: 25
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18742922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742922" title="Selman City, Texas">
Selman City, Texas

Selman City is an unincorporated community in western Rusk County, Texas, United States. It lies along State Highway 64 west of the city of Henderson, the county seat of Rusk County. Its elevation is 407 feet (124 m). Although Selman City is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 75689.
The area around Selman City is also known as Turnertown.

</doc>
<doc id="18742934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742934" title="Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz">
Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz

Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz (born 20 December 1956) is the President of Mauritania, in office since 2009. A career soldier and high-ranking officer, he was a leading figure in the August 2005 coup that deposed President Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya, and in August 2008 he led another coup, which toppled President Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi. Following the 2008 coup, Abdel Aziz became President of the High Council of State as part of what was described as a political transition leading to a new election. He resigned from that post in April 2009 in order to stand as a candidate in the July 2009 presidential election, which he won. He was sworn in on 5 August 2009.
Since January 2014, Abdel Aziz has also been Chairman of the African Union.
Early life.
Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz was born in Akjoujt on 20 December 1956. He joined the Royal Military Academy of Meknes, Morocco in 1977 and, after a string of promotions, established the elite BASEP (Presidential Security Battalion). He played a key role in suppressing an attempted coup in June 2003 and a military uprising in August 2004. He received Mauritania's highest military award for his role in stopping the 2004 uprising.
2005 coup leader.
A military coup on 3 August 2005, led by Ely Ould Mohamed Vall, Director-General of the "Sûreté Nationale", and Colonel Abdel Aziz, who was commander of the Presidential Guard (BASEP), overthrew President Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya. Colonel Abdel Aziz was said at the time to be one of the main actors in the actual carrying out of this coup.
At the time, Abdel Aziz was described by a Western academic as a leader of a Mauritanian Nasserist group, pan-Arab secular nationalists. Western sources, citing Abdel Aziz's background in coming from a traditionally favored Oulad Bou Sbaa Chorfa clan group, questioned the general's commitment to democracy and reversing the history of ethnic and class inequities in the nation.
Contrary to this, the Mauritanian press credited Abdel Aziz for pushing to reduce military rule from 24 to 19 months and for attempting to limit voter fraud in the coming election.
Under President Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi.
On 30 August 2007, President Abdallahi named Abdel Aziz his Presidential Chief of Staff ("Chef d'Etat-major particulier du Président de la République"). Abdel Aziz, now a General, continued to work closely with the President: in the end of February 2008 he served as a personal envoy of the President to King Mohammed VI of Morocco. General Abdel Aziz was also commander of the forces sent to apprehend Salafist militants who had killed four French tourists at Aleg in December 2007.
A May 2008 article contrasted Abdel Aziz's continuing involvement at the centre of political power with Ely Ould Mohamed Vall who had left public life. Abdel Aziz remained both advisor to the President and General, and was described as being at the nexus of "a small galaxy of other colonels, businessmen and politicians, in an uneasy balance."
A conflict with the President was clearly growing in June 2008. At the end of June, the left-wing UFP party reported that they believed Abdel Aziz and Ould Elghazouani were planning for a coup, but were attempting a strategy of political change by hiving "independent" parliamentarians off from the government, which would replace the President peacefully.
A mass defection in the ranks of the ruling PNDD-ADIL party on 4 August 2008 (two days before the coup) with 25 Parliamentary deputies and 23 senators was reported to have been inspired by military leaders, and would have left the president unable to govern.
2008 coup leader.
6 August coup d'état.
On 6 August 2008, Abdel Aziz was ordered removed by Abdallahi from his command, along with several senior officers including General Muhammad Ould Al-Ghazwani, General Felix Negri, and Brigadier General (Aqid) Ahmad Ould Bakri. The first announcement of the State Council was to annul this decree.
By 9:20 local time, BASEP troops seized the President, Prime Minister, and Interior Minister in the capital, Nouakchott. Mauritania television was taken off the air earlier, but Arabia-based al-Arabiya television played an announcement said to be from the new junta. According to an official statement released on 7 August Abdallahi's powers were terminated and Mauritania would be governed on a transitional basis by an 11-member High Council of State, with Abdel Aziz as the President of the Council, until a new presidential election was held "as soon as possible".
Transition.
Public reaction to the 2008 coup by western governments in the days after 6 August were hostile, with a particularly harsh codemnation coming from former colonial power and past economic supporter France. In the two weeks following the coup, Abdel Aziz met with a number of foreign delegations, made personal phone calls to foreign leaders, and gave a number of press interviews to the international media. In these he stated that his actions were legal, a response to "anti-constitutional" oppression by the previous government, and that although "forced to take power" he had no desire for power. He did not rule out, though running in the promised elections. A Saudi-based newspaper claimed that the General was motivated by a combination of disgust at the corruption of those close to Abdallahi, but also over legal threats against Abdel Aziz and others by the president regarding the behavior of the Mauritanian military during the mass expulsion of black Africans in 1989.
Abdel Aziz's initial list of names for the High Council of State included five civilians, released on 7 August along with a statement that former government ministers could retain their jobs. By the end of the same day, this list had been revised, without public explanation, to include all military figures. Two small demonstrations were held on the day following the coup: one opposing the seizure of power, which was dispersed by the police with tear gas, and one march supporting the military, at which Abdel Aziz spoke. At that demonstration, marchers already carried life size photographs of Abdel Aziz in military uniform. Within a week, a majority of the Mauritanian parliament voted to authorise the coup, and on the 13th, Abdel Aziz signed a "decree" appointing Moulaye Ould Mohamed Laghdaf Prime Minister of Mauritania. The Council stated that Abdel Aziz has the power to appoint the prime minister, military officials and civil servants in Mauritania.
Stabilisation.
Neighboring support was somewhat forthcoming, with Morocco's government press calling Abdel Aziz a patriot an advisor of the Moroccan king coming to Nouakchott to meet with Abdul Aziz, and Libya and Senegal eventually pronounced their support for the new government. In contrast, the Algerian government has stridently opposed the coup, even while quietly receiving a visit from Abdel Aziz's close ally and the new Mauritanian Chief of Armed Forces, Muhammad Ould Al-Ghazwani, and has attempted to rally the African Union and Arab states against Abdelaziz.
The United States has consistently issued press releases from the Department of State condemning the coup d’état as illegal and unconstitutional. The African Union has issued condemnation of General Aziz as well as travel bans and the freezing of assets of Aziz and those connected with the coup and the illegal seizure of the Mauritanian government.
The BBC has pointed out that the General, who was previously seen as a supporting player in the 2005 coup, is now seen as having been the power behind the previous junta. It was also noted that the General, never seen without his military uniform, is already addressed by government staff as "president". An ally of Abdel Aziz was quoted saying "He's a simple man, who likes order." Apart from deriding corruption and government inaction, Abdel Aziz stressed his opposition to Islamic fundamentalism. An internet threat, released on 12 August, alleged to be from Al-Qaeda threatened the coup leaders, and General Abdel Aziz took the opportunity to stress his fidelity to the anti-terrorist operation which the United States government had funded in Mauritania since 2003 but suspended following the 6 August coup.
2009 presidential election.
The coup government of General Ould Abdel Aziz promised that it would hold a free and fair election for President on 6 June 2009. On 5 February 2009, Mauritanian state media reported that the General would stand as a candidate for president in that election.
Despite this attempt to legitimise the post-coup government, the African Union carried out a sanctions regime first agreed on 22 December 2008, and continued to recognise Abdallahi as the Mauritanian Head of State. The largest opposition parties initially refused to take part in the election, calling it "predetermined" and a "farce". Ould Abdel Aziz headed a list of sanctions targets by the African Union which was put into effect on 6 February 2009. The sanctions against government and military officials who backed the August coup prevent travel to AU nations, the issuing of visas or travel documents to these individuals, and the seizure of bank assets within AU nations.
In order to stand as a candidate in the presidential election, Abdel Aziz was required to step down as Head of State. He did so on 15 April, as expected, and the President of the Senate, Ba Mamadou Mbare, succeeded him in an interim capacity. Members of the opposition decried the move, saying the General was retaining real power. Mohamed Ould Mouloud, a leader in the National Front for the Defence of Democracy (FNDD) opposition coalition, was quoted in the foreign press as saying: "It's a false resignation, a pretend resignation that the general is doing to trick public opinion and have people accept the putsch."
The Union for the Republic political party elected Abdel Aziz as its President at the party's constituent assembly on 5 May 2009. In the presidential election held on 18 July 2009, Abdel Aziz won a first-round majority of 52.58%. He then resigned as party leader on 2 August 2009, as the President of Mauritania cannot be a member of any party.
Abdel Aziz was sworn in as President at a ceremony held in Nouakchott on 5 August 2009.
2012 shooting.
Abdel Aziz was non-fatally shot on 13 October 2012. Reports are conflicting as to where on his body Abdel Aziz was shot and whether the incident was an accident or an assassination attempt. The country's Communications Minister, Hamdi Ould Mahjoub, reported that the president was shot in the arm, while Reuters medical sources said it was in the abdomen. Initially, Mauritanian radio reported that Abdel Aziz survived an assassination attempt, but Abdel Aziz subsequently said that he was accidentally shot by an army unit and was successfully operated on for minor injuries. Witnesses claim Abdel Aziz was directly targeted by men who ran away after the shooting. Abdel Aziz received an initial operation at a military hospital in the Mauritanian capital of Nouakchott, and then, according to the French defense ministry, would be transferred to Percy-Clamart military hospital in Paris for additional treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="18742938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742938" title="Henry VIII's writing desk">
Henry VIII's writing desk

Henry VIII's writing desk was made in about 1525-6, it is a product of the royal workshops and is lavishly embellished with ornamental motifs introduced to the Kingdom of England by continental artists. The gilded leather lining is painted with figures and profile heads that are close in style to contemporary portrait miniatures, while the figures of Mars in armour and Venus with cupid are taken from woodcuts by the German artist Hans Burgkmair (1473-1531), which were published in 1510. The desk also bears the coat of arms and personal badges of Henry VIII and his first queen Catherine of Aragon. Such images conveyed powerful messages of allegiance and were used extensively in the decorative schemes of Henry VIII's royal palaces. The Latin inscription on the inner lid reads 'God of Kingdoms great Protector of the authority of the Christian Church give to your servant Henry VIII King of England a great victory over his enemies'. 
The exterior of the desk is covered with shagreen (possibly sharkskin) and fitted with metal-gilt angle-mounts, loop handles and ball feet, all added during the 18th century. The interior surfaces of the compartments are lined with red silk velvet, probably added during the 19th century. The writing surface and the large compartment have been relined very crudely with a crimson silk velvet, the appearance of which is considerably older than that of the red velvet.

</doc>
<doc id="18742946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742946" title="Huang Shaohua">
Huang Shaohua

Huang Shaohua (born 1984-01-31 in Nanning, Guangxi) is a Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18742947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742947" title="1993 Movistar Open">
1993 Movistar Open

The 1993 Movistar Open was an ATP tournament held in Santiago, Chile. The tournament was held from October 25 to November 1.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18742952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742952" title="Juan Luque de Serrallonga">
Juan Luque de Serrallonga

Juan José Luque de Serrallonga (31 May 1882 - 18 July 1967) was a Spanish-Mexican football goalkeeper and Coach.
Born in Girona, Spain, he spent his playing career mainly at Cádiz CF – then known as "Español de Cádiz" –, where he became known as "Juanito Luque" due his relative lack of height – he stood . He was also part of Sevilla FC in 1915 and 1916.
In July 1928, Luque de Serrallonga emigrated from Spain to Mexico. He became head coach of the Mexican national team in January 1930, and managed the team in the 1930 FIFA World Cup. Later, he was the coach of Mexican club CD Veracruz, winning the national championship in the 1949-50 season with them. He died in 1967 in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="18742956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742956" title="Dunn, Texas">
Dunn, Texas

Dunn is an unincorporated community in southern Scurry County, Texas, United States. It lies along State Highway 208 south of the city of Snyder, the county seat of Scurry County. Its elevation is 2,218 feet (676 m). Although Dunn is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 79516.
Historical Marker Text: Dunn: Started as change station for teams hauling goods north after T. & P. Railway reached Colorado City in 1881. Freighters camped here beside creek. A blacksmith shop and store were started to supply them. In time a town developed. Mail was dropped at home of Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Dunn. Post office, granted 1890, was given their name; Mr. Dunn was first postmaster. In 1890, the first school was built. A well, windmill and trough were added for travelers and town. Because it was in middle of the road, well was covered when highway was paved in 1938. (1966).
Climate.
Climate type occurs primarily on the periphery of the true deserts in low-latitude semiarid steppe regions. The Köppen Climate Classification subtype for this climate is "BSk" (Tropical and Subtropical Steppe Climate).

</doc>
<doc id="18742971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742971" title="Straw donor">
Straw donor

A straw donor is a person who illegally uses another person's money to make a political contribution in their own name. In the United States, making a political contribution in another person's name is illegal, as is agreeing to be the named donor with someone else's money. For example, a straw donor may contribute to a political campaign before being reimbursed by another, who is using that person as a conduit to exceed the limits on campaign contributions under the laws of a jurisdiction.
In federal elections in the United States, straw donor schemes are illegal under 2 U.S.C. § 441f, which states:
No person shall make a contribution in the name of another person or knowingly permit his name to be used to effect such a contribution, and no person shall knowingly accept a contribution made by one person in the name of another person.
This section was enacted as part of the Federal Election Campaign Act in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="18742979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742979" title="Hye, Texas">
Hye, Texas

Hye is an unincorporated community in western Blanco County, Texas, United States. It lies along U.S. Route 290 west of the city of Johnson City, the county seat of Blanco County. Its elevation is 1,453 feet (443 m). Although Hye is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 78635.
History.
Hiram G. (Hye) Brown and his parents settled in the Rocky Creek area of Blanco County circa 1872. He built a small store and house near the Pedernales River. Brown was appointed postmaster when he got a post office established in his store on April 17, 1886. The post office was named Hye for him. The establishment of the post office drew other businesses to the area, eventually bringing in a grist mill and a cotton gin. In 1904, Brown erected a new building for the store and post office.
In 1965, on the porch of the Hye post office, Lyndon B. Johnson swore in Lawrence F. O'Brien as United States Postmaster General.
In 1966, the Hye General Store and Post Office was designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark, Marker number 2607.
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Hye has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18742993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18742993" title="Wilts &amp; Dorset">
Wilts &amp; Dorset

Wilts & Dorset is a bus operator providing services in East Dorset, South Wiltshire and West Hampshire. It operates services around Bournemouth and Poole under the More brand and around Salisbury and Amesbury under the Salisbury Reds Buses brand. It is a subsidiary of the Go-Ahead Group.
The current bus company has operated since 1983. Wilts & Dorset was also the name of a former Salisbury based bus company from 1915 until 1972.
History.
The history of Wilts & Dorset is an interesting one, with its name both appearing and disappearing from the sides of buses. Its history is linked to that of erstwhile south coast operator, Hants & Dorset.
The original company.
Wilts & Dorset Motor Services Limited was incorporated in 1915, with its head office in Amesbury, moving to Salisbury in 1917. The company's first route was between Salisbury and Amesbury. The company grew rapidly in the Andover, Amesbury, Blandford Forum,Pewsey and Salisbury areas. The Southern Railway and Thomas Tilling obtained shares in 1931, with Wilts & Dorset being nationalised in 1948. It acquired Venture of Basingstoke in 1950, with a reorganisation following the nationalisation of Venture’s parent, Red & White. Wilts & Dorset acquired Silver Star of Porton Down in June 1963.
Despite the name, the company's operations were mainly in the southern part of Wiltshire and the northern part of Hampshire.
In 1963 the management of Wilts & Dorset passed to Hants & Dorset, a neighbouring state-owned bus company. In 1969 both companies became part of the National Bus Company and in October 1972 were merged under the Hants & Dorset name with the Wilts & Dorset name ceasing to be used.
Re-establishment.
The Transport Act 1985 led to the privatisation of the National Bus Company. In preparation for privatisation, in April 1983 Hants & Dorset was split into three operating companies, one of which was Wilts & Dorset Bus Company.
The new Wilts & Dorset company's operating area was considerably larger than its older namesake, including Swanage, Poole, Bournemouth, Lymington and Salisbury, although not Basingstoke. Depots were located in Blandford Forum, Lymington, Pewsey, Poole, Ringwood, Salisbury and Sawanage.
Privatisation.
In June 1987 Wilts & Dorset was sold to in a management buyout. The company fought off competition from Charlie's Cars and Badger Vectis.
In May 1993 the Damory Coaches, Blandford Forum was purchased followed in November 1993 by Oakfield Travel and Stanbridge & Crichel Bus Company and in January 1994 by Blandford Bus Company. All were combined under the Damory Coaches name.
In August 2003 the business was sold to the Go-Ahead Group. It is now part of Go South Coast.
Coach companies Tourist Coaches, Levers and Kingston Coaches were purchased and consolidated under the Tourist Coaches name; in 2003 Bell's Coaches were added.
In 2011, Wilts & Dorset started trialing a smart card ticketing system named ‘’the key’’; in 2012 it was launched across the entire network with passengers being able to save up to 33% instead of purchasing paper tickets.
In July 2012 it was announced that the Wilts & Dorset name would be dropped from bus services in favour of the More Bus brand in Poole and Bournemouth and Salisbury Reds Buses in Salisbury and Amesbury.
Services.
Wilts & Dorset operates a large number of services in East Dorset, West Hampshire and South Wiltshire under six different brand names. Bus services in Poole, Bournemouth and the surrounding areas are branded as More Bus. Bus services in Salisbury, Amesbury and the surrounding areas are branded as Salisbury Reds Buses.
Preservation of former Wilts & Dorset buses.
Many former Wilts & Dorset buses have made it into preservation. Some of these can be seen at bus rallies and events inside and outside the company's operating area.

</doc>
<doc id="18743016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743016" title="Shi Haoran">
Shi Haoran

Shi Haoran (born 1990-05-13 in Wenzhou, Zhejiang) is a Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18743040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743040" title="Canon de 105 modèle 1930 Schneider">
Canon de 105 modèle 1930 Schneider

The Canon de 105 modèle 1930 Schneider was a field gun used by several European countries during World War II (Greece, Denmark and Poland). The Germans alloted these guns the designations of 10.5 cm Kanone 310(g) and 10.5 cm Kanone 321(d) respectively, but it is unknown if they actually used them themselves.
It shared a carriage with the Canon de 155 modèle 1929 howitzer. It used the cumbersome Schneider-trademark spade plates that had to be hammered into the ground to anchor the gun in place.

</doc>
<doc id="18743067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743067" title="Yao Qisheng">
Yao Qisheng

Yao Qisheng (; 1624–1683), courtesy name Xizhi (), was a prominent general and regional official under the reign of the Kangxi Emperor in Qing Dynasty China. Yao was one of the pivotal figures in the Qing government's invasion of Taiwan. 
Biography.
Born in Shaoxing, Zhejiang during the Ming dynasty. At age 20, he reputedly killed two soldiers who kidnapped a girl. In 1663, Yao scored first in the local Civil Service Examinations, and became the county magistrate of Xiangshan County in Guangdong. In 1674, Yao raised a small army of several hundred men to assist the Prince Kang in the fight against Geng Jingzhong, who had revolted against Manchu rule. He later became entrusted by the Kangxi Emperor, who eventually appointed him Viceroy of Minzhe during a campaign against Ming Dynasty loyalists on Taiwan.
Popular culture.
Yao Qisheng appears in the Chinese TV series "Kangxi Dynasty".

</doc>
<doc id="18743071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743071" title="Submission management">
Submission management

The art and science of collecting and managing submissions (of any kind) is called Submission Management. Traditionally, submissions were collected offline i.e. in the form of 'hard' paper files or folders. However, with the recent penetration of Internet in almost every sphere of life, there has been a steady shift towards collecting electronic submissions as compared to hard copies of submissions. The Internet has also facilitated a change in the perception towards the deliverables or contents of a submission. As a result of this, submitting audio and video files, pictures and presentations in addition to standard text, word and pdf-like documents has become common in the last few years.
Managing submissions may include evaluating submissions and providing feedback to submitters, accepting or rejecting submissions or requesting submitters to make a re-submission. In some cases, a panel of experts may also be requested to assist in the evaluation of submissions by reviewing or judging them.
Common scenarios.
Academics.
It is a common practice for teachers, professors and teaching assistants to get assignments and projects submitted by students, either electronically or otherwise. These assignments are graded and the students are given feedback on whatever they submitted and how can they improve it. In institutes where academic submissions are done electronically, there generally is a system (usually a web-based one) in place to assist in the collection and management of submissions.
Call-for-paper (academic) conferences.
In call-for-paper or academic conferences, prospective presenters are usually asked to submit a short abstract of their presentation or research work, which is reviewed before being accepted for the conference. Some conferences require researchers to submit a full paper of about 6–15 pages, which is peer reviewed by members of the conference's program committee and/or external reviewers chosen by them.
Competitions and contests.
Most competitions and contests held world over usually have an initial screening round in which they accept nominations or entries from prospective participants. After all the nominations and entries have been received, the organizers of the competition or contest evaluate and shortlist the required number of entries on the basis of certain parameters set by them, notify the participants whose entries have been shortlisted and invite them to participate in further rounds of the competition or contest. Those whose entries were not shortlisted may also be given feedback by the organizers with a reason for the rejection and tips for improvement.
College events and fests.
Student bodies in colleges and universities usually organize various inter-college and intra-college events and fests on an annual and/or semester basis. These events and fests are usually made up of several big and small competitions and contests, each of which generally follow a prodecure as explained in the paragraph
tee-hee you stupid haha
Pharmaceuticals industry.
Regulatory submissions in the pharmaceutical–biotechnology and medical device industry comprise documents and data that are submitted to a regulatory agency to gain approval to market new drugs, biologics and devices. The documentation represents years of research and includes multi-disciplinary information (including preclinical and clinical data) regarding the safety and efficacy of a compound. The regulatory process varies from country to country and involves numerous interactions between the submitting company (sponsor) and the regulatory authority (agency). Many regulatory agencies accept electronic submissions in conjunction with or in lieu of submitting paper.
Human resources.
Human resource departments collect résumés and CVs as a part of processing job applications. Applicants submit their résumés either via email, on the website of their prospective employer or on job sites that help connect job seekers and employers.
Contemporary art.
In contemporary art, curators often select and interpret works of art created by various artists. Before the popularity of the Internet, this was often done in person but these days some curators prefer artists submitting pictures of their work over email or by other electronic means for an initial screening. If the curator likes a particular work of art, he may electronically communicate his desire to work with the artist after verifying that the picture is indeed of his work.
The fashion industry.
Models create and maintain portfolios which they use to showcase themselves during the process of getting selected for various fashion shows, advertisements and other events in the fashion industry. Those who are responsible for taking a decision on which models to choose usually ask prospective models to submit their portfolios with them. They take their decision after evaluating all the portfolios available with them.
Publication and media houses.
Journalists and writers (full-time as well as freelancers) usually submit their articles and reports to editors of magazines, journals, newspapers and news channels who then select which ones will be published and/or telecasted and which ones won't be. At times, editors even provide feedback to the authors of reports with an intention of seeking pre-publication improvement.
Government applications.
Most government procedures demand the filling up of a form, either electronically or on paper. Citizens submit their forms to the desired government agency by their preferred mode of communication after which the agency performs an initial verification during which they may contact the concerned person for further information, data or correction of errors. After the verification stage, the forms are marked for processing and the concerned person is intimated once the processing is over. The processing stage may involve external or sister agencies too.
Challenges.
Submission standards and formats.
As companies, agencies and institutes move towards electronic submissions, a lot of complexity has been added in the submission management domain. In the paper world, much of the effort of managing a submission involves printing and collating volumes of information but with electronic submissions, it becomes increasingly difficult to efficiently manage the tens and thousands of submissions coming from different sources, in different formats at different times. As a result, many agencies are in the process of trying to implement global standards for submission formats and standards.
One example of this is the standards put forth by the International Conference on Harmonization (ICH) in the context of the pharmaceuticals industry. The ICH has developed the electronic Common Technical Document (eCTD) to promote harmonization of regulatory submissions in electronic format across various regions (United States, Europe and Japan).
Inappropriate modes and lack of automated systems.
Email is by-far the most popular mode for collecting and managing electronic submissions and post for paper submissions. Since, both these processes are manual to quite an extent, they often lead to delays, inconsistencies and mishaps. In some setups, there are tailor-made systems that help collectors of submissions to some extent but they often fail owing to their ultra specific nature.
The key to successful submission management involves tracking each submission as well as all its versions and sub-parts that may be related to it or dependent on it. In addition to planning and tracking submission content, it is also important to manage and allocate resources effectively based on workload, skill sets and availability. Submission collectors may seek the help of expert reviewers or judges in such cases. All these reasons have motivated many companies and researchers to begin looking at submission management as a formal discipline and to start analyzing metrics behind various submission processes.
Submission management systems.
Certain software vendors have begun developing submission management systems to assist submission collectors in the automation, tracking and management of complex submission processes. Most of these systems are web based and accessible from any device with a browser and an Internet connection. However, a majority of these systems are application specific and cannot be applied to all submission management scenarios. This means that a lot of work needs to be done in this field before we have good and reliable submission management systems that are suitable and usable in every context of submission management.

</doc>
<doc id="18743072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743072" title="William Henry Miller (book collector)">
William Henry Miller (book collector)

William Henry Miller (1789 – 31 October 1848) was a Scottish book collector and
parliamentarian. He sat in the House of Commons from 1830 to 1837.
His life.
Miller the only child of William Miller of Craigentinny, Midlothian, was born in 1789. He received a liberal education, and throughout life retained a taste for classical literature. At the 1830 general election he entered Parliament as a Whig
defeating Evelyn Denison (who was later Speaker) to become one of the two Members for the borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme. He was re-elected in 1831 as a Tory,
and in 1832, 1835 and 1837, each time after a contest, and on two occasions at the head of the poll. In 1841, however, he was defeated, and he was again unsuccessful as a candidate for Berwick at the general election of 1847.
He died, unmarried, at Craigentinny House, near Edinburgh, on 31 Oct. 1848, in his sixtieth year, and was by his own desire buried on his estate in a mausoleum erected after his decease, and decorated with sculptured friezes by Alfred Gatley.
A portrait of William Henry Miller, by Sir Thomas Lawrence, was engraved.
Britwell Court Library.
As a book collector, Miller was regarded as the successor of Richard Heber, and many of the rarest works from his collections of the latter passed into the library which he formed at Britwell Court, near Burnham, Buckinghamshire. He was particular in his choice of copies, and from his habit of carrying about with him a foot rule in order to measure the size of a ‘tall’ copy of a book which he wished to buy, he became known at sales and among collectors as ‘Measure Miller.’
The Britwell Library, formed chiefly at the time of the dispersal of the Heber and other important collections, and then added to by acquisitions from Thomas Corser, Laing, and other sales, was unrivalled among private libraries for the number, rarity, and condition of its examples of early English and Scottish literature. It contained six works from William Caxton’s press, many printed by Wynkyn de Worde and Richard Pynson, and the greater part of the Heber collection of ballads and broadsides. It was especially rich in early English poetry, and possesses also the finest and most complete series in existence of Theodor de Bry’s collections of voyages to the East and West Indies.
Britwell Court and its libraries were bequeathed by Miller to his cousin Miss Marsh, from whom they passed to Samuel Christy-Miller, M.P. for Newcastle-under-Lyme from 1847 to 1859, and on his death, on 5 April, to Wakefield Christie-Miller (d.1898), whose sons inherited them.
The Library had a crest showing a right hand holding an open book. The collection of rare books was housed in a library built in 1864 which, with the provision of steel doors and mains water hydrants, was intended to be fire-proof. The house and library collection stayed within the family until the death of the last descendant in 1919, at which point the house and the collection were sold, and the collection split up.

</doc>
<doc id="18743082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743082" title="Joseph William Mellor">
Joseph William Mellor

Joseph William Mellor CBE, FRS was a chemist.
Early life.
Joseph William Mellor was born in Lindley, Huddersfield, England, in 1869. He grew up on New Zealand's South Island where his father found employment in the textile industry. The family was too poor to send Joseph to secondary school, but he continued to study in his spare time.
Mellor graduated from the University of Otago in 1898. He won a scholarship to study for a research degree at the University of Manchester.
Career in the UK.
Mellor never returned to New Zealand, although he kept in contact with relatives there and represented the country as a governor of Imperial College, London.
After his three years at Manchester, he based himself in north Staffordshire where he carried out research in the local industry, ceramics. In 1910 the separate towns which make up Stoke-on-Trent federated, and a decision was made to build a technical college, which opened in 1914 with Mellor as Principal. The college specialised in ceramics and mining: it was provided with a ceramics library by the Carnegie UK Trust.
During the First World War Mellor's research was directed towards refractories, high-temperature ceramics relevant to the steel industry and thus the war effort.
In 1927 Mellor became the second person to be elected to the Royal Society for work related to ceramics, the first having been Josiah Wedgwood in the eighteenth century.
Mellor's publications include a sixteen-volume "Comprehensive Treatise" on inorganic chemistry.
Although offered a peerage for his contribution towards the war effort, Joseph turned it down saying that he had freely given his scientific knowledge to help his country because ill-health prevented him joining the army and fighting in France.

</doc>
<doc id="18743090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743090" title="Xin Tong">
Xin Tong

Xin Tong (born 1987-01-06 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18743093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743093" title="Elke (given name)">
Elke (given name)

The female given first name Elke is derived from Germany's Northern Sea region Frisia and means 'of noble birth'.
Provenance and definition.
The name has its roots in the German Northern Sea region Frisia and is furthermore a short form of the name 'Adelheid'.

</doc>
<doc id="18743094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743094" title="DVD Monthly">
DVD Monthly

DVD Monthly was a UK-based national magazine covering DVD and home entertainment news and reviews. It was founded by Dave Perry in 1999, in Exeter, Devon, as part of his Predator Publishing company. Since August 2006 it has been owned by Jazz Publishing, which is based in Chester, while the magazine itself is still produced in Devon.
History.
"DVD Monthly" was founded in April 1999 as the first magazine of Dave Perry's Predator Publishing in Exeter, Devon, UK. Shortly after its launch, funding for the continued running of the magazine came from Goodfellas Publishing, who later became the majority shareholders of Predator Publishing. Initially edited by Dave Perry himself, Jon Bruford subsequently took over as editor in early 2003 and since September 2004 the title has been edited by Tim Isaac. After Goodfellas decided to close most of its publishing ventures, the magazine was bought by Chester based Jazz Publishing in August 2006, which took all advertising and sales in-house to their offices, while leaving editorial and design in Exeter. Its major competition in the UK is "DVD Review" magazine and "HD Review" magazine.
It closed down in 2008/2009.
There was also a DVD Monthly in the US prior to the magazine. This was an online website which served as one of the first review/magazine DVD sites on the internet. It was started in 1996, at the dawn of DVD, during beta test phases, but ceased publication in 2000.
Regular Features.
Published every four weeks, the magazine presents news, reviews and features based on upcoming and classic DVDs. It also includes star interviews, competitions, hardware reviews and comment. The magazine's tone is generally conversational, presenting a mix of mainstream and specialist film and DVD content.
"HD Monthly".
Starting in May 2008, "DVD Monthly" began publishing a 32 page supplement called 'HD Monthly' with each issue, which covers high definition and Blu-ray in the UK and around the world. Similar in style to its parent title, it is currently included as part of the magazine each month.
Top 100 DVDs.
For its 100th issue in January 2008, the magazine held a reader's poll to produce a list of the Top 100 DVDs of all time in the UK. The vote concluded the following 10 DVDs were the best of all time.
10. The Matrix
9. Terminator 2: Judgment Day - Ultimate Edition
8. Alien - The Director's Cut
7. The Godfather Trilogy
6. Gladiator - Three-Disc Extended Edition
5. Blade Runner - The Director's Cut
4. The Shawshank Redemption – 10th Anniversary Edition 
3. Alien Quadrilogy
2. Star Wars Trilogy (Episodes IV-VI) 
1. The Lord Of The Rings Trilogy – Extended Edition Box Set

</doc>
<doc id="18743096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743096" title="Crete-Monee High School">
Crete-Monee High School

Crete-Monee High School is a secondary education facility located in Crete, Illinois, for about 1,600 teenagers in ninth through twelfth grade from Crete, Monee, Beecher, University Park, and Park Forest. Its current building was completed in 2007 at a cost of $60 million. The old building, built in 1954, currently houses the Crete-Monee Sixth Grade Center on its main floor; the second story and bottom floor are no longer in use. Known colloquially as "Crete", the school made headlines in 2002 when two girls were chosen as the year's Cutest Couple. The student body as of 2012 was 62.7% black, 24.3% white, and 8.5% Hispanic.
On July 5, 2013, former students Patrick Boylan and Kelsey McGill died when their motorcycle crashed in the parking lot of Crete-Monee High School. A memorial service were provided during the week, with students, faculty, and residents constructing a memorial in front of the school.
Academics.
As of 2012 the graduation rate was 76.1%, and 36.3% of students meet or exceed standards in all subjects, thus the school has not made Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) on the PSAE (Prairie State Achievement Exam), the test used to measure the school's progress due to No Child Left Behind.
Activities.
Crete-Monee students participate in Chess Team, Music Organization, Music Solo & Ensemble, Music: Instrumental, Scholastic Bowl, Speech Individual Events, Student Council, and Yearbook, and the current activities director is Gene Cahan.
Athletics.
The school hosts one of the longest running cross country invitationals in the state; the Crete-Monee Pow-Wow. At one time, it was the nation's largest cross country invitational.
On November 23, 2012, the Warriors defeated Cary Grove High School, capturing the first state football championship in school history.
Softball coach Sue Giannantonio is the longest tenured coach in the area, and in 2012 freshman Abby King was one of two freshmen to make the Southtown Star All-Area softball team.

</doc>
<doc id="18743133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743133" title="Broń Radom">
Broń Radom

Broń Radom is a Polish football club based in Radom, Poland. It was founded in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="18743159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743159" title="Beamz">
Beamz

The beamz is a laser-based music device. It is a W-shaped table-top optical control device with several laser beams. Users operate the device by using their hands to interrupt the beams.
History.
The product was created by musician and record producer Jerry Riopelle, who began working on the device in 2001. Riopelle built the original prototype with PVC pipe and lasers, and later refined it with Todor Fay and Melissa Jordan Grey. to develop the software that controls the device.
How Beamz Works.
The Beamz system connects to a computer via USB. Each laser beam corresponds to an instrument or sound that the user plays by interrupting the beam. When the player removes his or her hand the sound stops. Even though the player’s interaction with the lasers is random, the device ensures that the music will always be harmonious. Six laser triggers and two button-controlled triggers activate up to 64 independently controlled sequences of musical notes or events. When a laser beam is broken, the software program plays a musical note, event, or musical phrase that is always harmonious to the other sounds being played at that time.
Beamz users.
In August 2010, Beamz was listed among the Best Tools for Schools by the National Association of Music Merchants at the NAMM Show with the note that using Beamz was fun and a "great way to involve special ed students in music making."

</doc>
<doc id="18743180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743180" title="The Seven Hills">
The Seven Hills

The Seven Hills is the 2005 alternate history novel by John Maddox Roberts, a sequel to his 2002 novel "Hannibal's Children"..
Plot introduction.
War breaks out again between the Carthaginians and the Romans. The Romans once again control Italy and are poised to strike at Carthage itself.
Plot summary.
Rome has reconquered Italy and is resettling it to be as it was before the Carthaginians came. Four legions cut off in Egypt and led by Titus Norbanus, march along the Mediterranean to get back to Rome. Meanwhile, Marcus Scipio prepares Egypt to attack Carthage by investing in new inventions made at the Library of Alexandria.

</doc>
<doc id="18743191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743191" title="Merritt Island High School">
Merritt Island High School

Merritt Island High School is a public high school located in Merritt Island, Florida.
History.
Merritt Island High School was built in 1965.
Academics.
Merritt Island High School is accredited. The school offers classes for grades 9-12. It provides a college preparatory curriculum.
To graduate, students must earn a minimum of 26 credits. Each semester-course is equal to a half credit.
Athletics.
The school has teams in baseball, basketball, cheerleading, cross country, dance, football, golf, lacrosse, soccer, softball, swimming, tennis, track and field, volleyball, and wrestling.
Clubs and Extracurricular Activities.
Extracurricular activities offered include: JROTC, The Academic Games team, Concert and Chamber Orchestras, Marching, Concert and Symphonic Bands, a jazz ensemble, First robotics team, cheer-leading, chess club, chorus, drama club, inline hockey team, intramural athletics, key club, a literary magazine, magic club, National Honor Society, newspaper, quiz bowl team, rugby team, speech and debate club, student ministers, The Anime Club, welcoming diversity team, student council, Video Game Club, lacrosse, Beta Club, language clubs, and yearbook.

</doc>
<doc id="18743209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743209" title="1996 Hellmann's Cup">
1996 Hellmann's Cup

The 1996 Hellmann's Cup was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Santiago in Chile and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour. It was the fourth edition of the tournament and ran from November 4 through November 10, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18743234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743234" title="The Land is Ours">
The Land is Ours

The Land is Ours is a British land rights campaign advocating access to the land, its resources, and the planning processes.
The group was set up in the 1995 by George Monbiot and others.
Their first campaign was the occupation of the disused Wisley Airfield in Surrey by 400 people in 1995 from which there was a live broadcast on the BBC's Newsnight programme. Nearby St. George's Hill is symbolically significant as it was previously seized by the Diggers in 1649, who planted vegetables on the common land there. The group finally occupied the hill in 1999, the 350th anniversary of the Diggers' occupation.
Starting in coaches from Hammersmith Unemployed Workers' Centre on Sunday 5 May 1996 the group set up "Pure Genius!!", an eco-village on squatted derelict former distillery site owned by Guinness in Wandsworth, London. The site was evicted on 15 October 1996. This was the day before the London Wildlife Trust were meeting to officially designate the site as a conservation site containing many species of flowers and birds classed as 'extremely rare' in London.
On 1 April 1999, on the 350th anniversary of Gerrard Winstanley and the Diggers occupation of the English Civil War on the same hill, The Land Is Ours organised a rally, then occupied land at St. Georges Hill near Weybridge, Surrey. The archived Diggers 350 email list, which was started at the time of this historic occupation continues to follow UK and international land rights stories to this day
In April 2004 The Land Is Ours occupied Castell Henllys, a tourist site with reconstructed Iron Age roundhouses, in protest at Pembrokeshire National Park's decision to demolish Tony Wrench's live-in roundhouse at Brithdir Mawr.
In 2009 a group inspired by The Land Is Ours opened Kew Bridge Eco Village, a squatted eco village on land owned by property developers St George; this was evicted on 27 May 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18743242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743242" title="FirstCom">
FirstCom

FirstCom Music began in 1980 as a broadcast service company. Headquartered in Dallas, Texas, the company offered several services utilized by radio stations throughout the United States. Among these services are production music libraries, advertising sales libraries and station identification packages. 
In 1985, FirstCom Music released the world’s first music production library on CD and introduced it to the radio market. This library was the Digital Production Library. A year later, FirstCom expanded this library and began marketing it to the audio/visual market. In 1987, FirstCom entered into a joint venture with MusicHouse International of London, where the company represented the MusicHouse library in the U.S., and MusicHouse represented FirstCom Music in the U.K.
In 1990, FirstCom Music was purchased by Zomba Enterprises. As a result of the merger, FirstCom began representing the Chappell Music Library. Later, the Chappell European Classical Library was introduced.
The Film/TV division was formed in 1993, as a joint venture between Zomba and FirstCom Music. This allowed FirstCom’s music libraries to be featured in television shows and feature films. 
In 1994, FirstCom Music purchased the Hollywood Film Music Library. The following year, FirstCom Music introduced MusiQuick and MusiQuick+Clipz, a proprietary music search and audition system. 
In 1997, FirstCom Music acquired 50% ownership in the OneMusic Library and exclusive distribution rights worldwide. The OneMusic LiquidTrax technology provided producers the first production library that they could remix to their specific needs.
In 1998, FirstCom Music completed an arrangement with Manny Kallins to purchase his New York-produced Gotham Music Library. That same year, Access Music, the first FirstCom Music-produced ‘boutique’ library was introduced.
In January 2000, FirstCom began distribution of the Thomas Dolby (of “She Blinded Me with Science” fame) produced Headspace TM Library.
In 2003, FirstCom Music was acquired by Bertelsmann Music Group (BMG) when they purchased Zomba Enterprises, LLC. With wholly owned offices in 31 countries around the world, BMG Music Publishing was the world’s largest independent music publisher at the time, and the third largest music publisher among all music publishers.
In 2005, SEE Trailer Tracks, a library specializing in motion picture advertising, debuted. 
In 2007, Universal Music Publishing Group (UMPG) acquired BMG Music Publishing to create Universal Publishing Production Music. UMPG is the largest music publisher in the world with offices in 41 countries. That same year, FirstCom’s independent music label, Roadside Couch Records, was launched. 
Today, the FirstCom Music libraries are distributed throughout the world via international subpublishers. Some of these companies are UPPM-owned and operated facilities, while others are independent. The company offers 26 libraries with over 170,000 tracks and produces 7,000 new tracks of music a year. 
External links.
1. Official website
2. Universal Publishing Production Music website
3. Universal Music Publishing Group
Articles.
"FirstCom Partners with Sound Editor Rob Nokes on FX Library". Studio Daily. 13 Mar 2013 <http://www.studiodaily.com/2013/03/firstcom-partners-with-sound-editor-rob-nokes-on-fx-library>.
"FirstCom Music Launches New SoundFX Library". Digital Production Buzz.. 28 Feb 2013 <http://www.digitalproductionbuzz.com/2013/02/firstcom-music-launches-soundfx-library/#.UlxWVlCkpnI>.
"Sound Library Update". Post Magazine 1 March 2012 <http://www.postmagazine.com/Publications/Post-Magazine/2012/March-1-2012/Sound-Library-Update.aspx>.
"Firstcom's new site simplifies music searches" Post Magazine 15 Mar 2011 <http://www.postmagazine.com/Press-Center/Daily-News/2011/Firstcoms-new-site-simplifies-music-searches.aspx>.
"FirstCom Music Record Label". Studio Monthly Magazine 1 June 2007 <http://www.studiodaily.com/studiomonthly/tools/gearup/8155.html>. 
"The House That Editing Built" New Mexico Business Weekly. 5 May 2006 <http://albuquerque.bizjournals.com/albuquerque/stories/2006/05/08/smallb1.html>.
"FirstCom Music Prepares for New Website Launch". Mix Magazine. 18 Mar 2005 <http://mixonline.com/mixline/firstcom-web-launch/>.
"Zomba Enterprises Introduces SEE Music". Mix Magazine 4 May 2005 <http://mixonline.com/mixline/zomba-see-music>.

</doc>
<doc id="18743244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743244" title="Judiciary of New York">
Judiciary of New York

The judiciary of New York (officially the New York State Unified Court System) is a branch of the Government of New York that interprets and applies the laws of New York, to ensure equal justice under law, and to provide a mechanism for dispute resolution. The judiciary is based in Albany. The highest court is the Court of Appeals, below which the primary felony trial courts are the Supreme Court and the County Courts (outside New York City). The Supreme Court also acts as the intermediate appellate court for many cases, and the local courts handle a variety of other matters including small claims, traffic ticket cases and local zoning matters, and are the starting point for all criminal cases. The New York City Courts make up the largest local court system. The system is administered by the Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals, also known as the Chief Judge of New York, as well as the Chief Administrative Judge and numerous other agencies.
Courts.
In general, the judicial system is composed of the trial courts, consisting of the superior courts and the inferior courts, and the appellate courts.
The appellate courts are the:
The superior courts are the:
And the inferior courts are the local courts:
There are also a few other tribunals that are not normally considered part of the New York State Unified Court System or the judiciary proper.
Jurisdiction differs for civil and criminal courts and for courts in different places. The New York State Court System is divided into thirteen Judicial Districts (JDs). There are six upstate JD's, each comprising 5-11 counties. There are five JDs in New York City and two on Long Island.
Court of Appeals.
The New York State Court of Appeals is the State's highest court. In civil cases, appeals are taken almost exclusively from decisions of the Appellate Divisions. In criminal cases, depending on the type of case and the part of the state in which it arose, appeals can be heard from decisions of the Appellate Division, the Appellate Term, and the county courts.
Appellate Division of the Supreme Court.
The New York Supreme Court, Appellate Division is the State's second-highest court. It hears appeals primarily from state trial-courts, including the Supreme Court, the county courts, the surrogate's courts, the family courts, and the Court of Claims. The Appellate Division also resolves many challenges to actions by administrative agencies. The court is regionally divided into four judicial departments. The Appellate Division in each department also supervises admission of new lawyers to the state's bar as well as disciplinary proceedings against lawyers, duties that most other states are handled by the jurisdiction's highest court.
Appellate Terms of the Supreme Court.
Appellate Terms of the Supreme Court (not to be confused with the Appellate Division) are located in the First and Second Judicial Departments only. In the five boroughs of New York City, the Appellate Term hears cases from the New York City Courts. In the suburban counties, the Appellate Term hears cases from the city, district, town, and village courts, and in misdemeanor cases from the county courts. Further appeals, when permitted, are taken to the Court of Appeals in criminal cases and the Appellate Division in civil cases.
Supreme Court.
The court of general jurisdiction in New York is the New York Supreme Court. (Unlike in most other states, the Supreme Court is a trial court and is not the highest court in the state). There is a branch of the New York Supreme Court in each of New York State's 62 counties. Counties with small populations share justices.
In New York City, the Supreme Court in each county that hears all felony cases; outside New York City, these cases are generally heard in the county court. The Supreme Court hears civil cases seeking money damages exceed the monetary limits of the local courts' jurisdiction. The Supreme Court has exclusive jurisdiction over most cases in which a party seeks equitable relief such as an injunction, declaratory judgment actions, or proceedings for review of many administrative-agency rulings. The court also has exclusive jurisdiction over matrimonial actions seeking a divorce, legal separation, or annulment of a marriage. In several counties the Supreme Court has a specialized Commercial Division that hears commercial cases.
In almost all cases, appeals from judgments or orders of the Supreme Court are taken to its Appellate Division.
County courts.
A county court exists in each county except for the five counties of New York City (in those counties, the New York City Courts and Supreme Court operate in place of a typical county court). Unlike the Supreme Court, each county court is considered distinct.
The court has unlimited criminal jurisdiction and civil jurisdiction where the amount in controversy is no more than $25,000. In many counties, this court primarily hears criminal cases (whereas the Supreme Court primarily hears civil cases), and usually only felonies as lesser crimes are handled by local courts. In the Third and Fourth Judicial Departments, the county courts also have appellate jurisdiction and hear appeals from the local city, town, and village courts.
Appeal from a county court is generally to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court. Where an Appellate Terms of the Supreme Court exists, misdemeanor appeals are heard by that court and other appeals are directly to the Court of Appeals.
Administration.
The Judiciary of New York is a unified state court system that functions under the Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals who is the "" Chief Judge of New York. The Chief Judge supervises the seven-judge Court of Appeals and is chair of the Administrative Board of the Courts. In addition, the Chief Judge establishes standards and administrative policies after consultation with the Administrative Board and approval by the Court of Appeals. The Administrative Board is composed of the presiding judges of each judicial district. The Chief Administrative Judge (if a judge) or Chief Administrator (if not a judge) is appointed by the Chief Judge with the advice and consent of the Administrative Board and oversees the administration and operation of the court system, assisted by the Office of Court Administration. The Judicial Conference of the State of New York is responsible for surveying current practice in the administration of the State's courts, compiling statistics, and suggesting legislation and regulations.
Many counties use the New York State Courts Electronic Filing System for electronic court filing (e-filing). The New York State Reporter of the New York State Law Bureau is the official reporter of decisions and is required to publish every opinion, memorandum, and motion sent to it by the Court of Appeals and the Appellate Divisions of the Supreme Court in the "New York Reports". The Appellate Term and trial court opinions are published selectively in the "Miscellaneous Reports". The State Reporter is appointed by the Court of Appeals. The current versions are the "New York Reports 3d" (cited as N.Y.3d), the "Appellate Division Reports 3d" (cited as A.D.3d) and the "Miscellaneous Reports 3d" (cited as Misc. 3d).
As of 2009, the New York State Unified Court System had a $2.5 billion annual budget and more than 16,000 employees. It has a $2 billion budget, 3,600 State and locally paid Judges and over 15,000 nonjudicial employees in over 300 locations around the State.
Officers.
There are several officers of the court, including judges, jurors, and bailiffs. The New York State Bar Association is a voluntary bar association of New York, but others exist such the New York City Bar Association.
Judges.
Along with the unusual names for the courts, judges in Supreme Court and the Justice Courts are called Justices, while on the Court of Appeals (and in other courts such as Family Court, County Court, and Surrogates Court), they are called Judges.
Judges are regulated by the "Code of Judicial Conduct" promulgated by the Chief Administrative Judge, the "New York Code of Judicial Conduct" adopted by the New York State Bar Association, and the relevant rules of the respective Appellate Division departments. The eleven-member New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct receives complaints, investigates, and makes initial determinations regarding judicial conduct and may recommend admonishment, censure, or removal from office to the Chief Judge and Court of Appeals. The New York Advisory Committee on Judicial Ethics issues confidential advisory opinions regarding judicial conduct. The Ethics Commission for the Unified Court System administers financial disclosure requirements.
Attorneys.
The Court of Appeals promulgates rules for admission to practice law in New York. The New York State Education Department promulgates standards for law school education, and the New York State Board of Law Examiners administers the New York State bar examination. Lawyers are regulated by various state laws, the "Rules of Professional Conduct" (based on the ABA Model Rules of Professional Conduct), and rules adopted by each department of the Supreme Court Appellate Division. Each department of the Appellate Division has a committee that investigates complaints of attorney misconduct and may issue reprimands or recommend censure, suspension, or disbarment to the Appellate Division.
Bailiffs.
New York State Court Officers are law enforcement officers who provide police services to the New York State Unified Court System (i.e. bailiffs), and enforce state and city laws at all facilities operated by the New York State Unified Court System.
History.
Historically, county superior courts—like New York's county-by-county Supreme Court—were the highest level of trial court, overseeing a network of inferior trial courts (e.g., municipal courts, recorder's courts, courts of referees and commissioners, etc.), the decisions of which could be appealed within the trial court system to the superior courts. Most states have long-since consolidated their inferior trial courts, however, so that they now have just the one trial court—the superior, circuit or supreme court.
The Constitution of 1846 made several changes to the organization of the courts. The Court of Chancery was abolished and jurisdiction over equity was transferred to the New York Supreme Court. The Court for the Correction of Errors was abolished and jurisdiction over appeals was transferred to the Court of Appeals. The Circuit Courts were abolished and replaced by the district benches of the Supreme Court. The Court of Appeals was established in July 1847, consisting of four statewide elected judges and four justices chosen annually from the New York Supreme Court.
The New York Court of Common Pleas had been established in 1686 in New York City, extended in 1691 throughout the state, had been again restricted to New York City in 1846, and was abolished in 1895. The New York Court for the Trial of Impeachments was established by the New York State Constitution of 1777 and was split from the Court for the Correction of Errors upon that court's disestablishment in 1846.

</doc>
<doc id="18743251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743251" title="Teleportation">
Teleportation

"Not to be confused with quantum teleportation"
Teleportation, or Teletransportation, is the theoretical transfer of matter or energy from one point to another without traversing the physical space between them. It has a commonly recognized place in science fiction TV, Film and literature, but has as yet, a very limited application in real world physics, such as quantum teleportation or the study of wormholes.
Etymology.
The word "teleportation" was coined in 1931 by American writer Charles Fort to describe the strange disappearances and appearances of anomalies, which he suggested may be connected. He joined the Greek prefix "tele-" (meaning "distant") to the Latin verb "portare" (meaning "to carry"). Fort's first formal use of the word was in the second chapter of his 1931 book, "Lo!": "Mostly in this book I shall specialize upon indications that there exists a transportory force that I shall call "Teleportation"." Fort added "I shall be accused of having assembled lies, yarns, hoaxes, and superstitions. To some degree I think so myself. To some degree, I do not. I offer the data." Fort suggested that teleportation might explain various allegedly paranormal phenomena, although it is difficult to say whether Fort took his own "theory" seriously or instead used it to point out what he saw as the inadequacy of mainstream science to account for strange phenomena.
The word "teletransportation", which simply expands Charles Fort's abbreviated term, was first employed by Derek Parfit as part of a thought exercise on identity.
Fiction.
The earliest recorded story of a "matter transmitter" was Edward Page Mitchell's "The Man Without a Body" in 1877.
Experimentation.
In 2003 the American Air Force published its "Teleportation Physics Study" which defined five types of teleportation: Teleportation SciFi, Teleportation psychic, Teleportation spacetime vacuum, Teleportation quantum entanglement, and Teleportation exotic. 

</doc>
<doc id="18743264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743264" title="Jaz Beach">
Jaz Beach

Jaz (Serbian Cyrillic: Јаз, ) is a beach in the Budva Municipality in Montenegro. It is located 2.5 km west of Budva city. It consists of two parts, one 850 m long and the other, formerly a nudist beach, 450 m long. It is a pebble beach, with a campground along the greater part of the beach (capacity 2,000 lots).
While it is a popular beach for sunbathing and camping, and is one of the longer beaches in Montenegro, it has gained international prominence as a host of numerous concerts and happenings in recent years.
The vast hinterlands of the Jaz beach are considered among the greatest potentials for tourism development on the Montenegrin coast, as there are few undeveloped areas left on the coast besides Jaz (notably Buljarica, Velika Plaža and Ada Bojana).
Concert location.
With the spring 2007 announcement of The Rolling Stones playing the beach in July 2007, Jaz Beach started to figure as open-air concert location for global acts. However, by summer 2009 the concerts ended.
The annual summer events were seen as an attempt to boost Montenegro's international image, as well as to promote the country as a tourist destination. In largest part they've been financed by Svetozar Marović, influential Montenegrin politician, and a native of Budva.
Summer 2007 and summer 2008.
The Rolling Stones played a show on July 9, 2007, as a part of their A Bigger Bang Tour. For the performance, a large field in the beach hinterland was leveled, fenced, and made accessible by refurbishing and extending the road to the venue. The show was attended by some 25,000 people and the city of Budva holds the distinction of being the smallest town ever to host a Rolling Stones gig.
The next notable event on the beach was the 3-day "Live Fest" held in August 2008 that consisted of: Lenny Kravitz and Armand Van Helden on August 5, Dino Merlin and "DJ Set Retro Groove '70" on August 6, and finally Goran Bregović together with Zdravko Čolić on August 7. 
Later that summer Madonna performed one of her Sticky & Sweet Tour concerts at the venue on September 25 with 50,000 in attendance. The pre and after parties consisted of performances by various other popular musicians, such as Van Gogh, Garik Sukachev, David Morales, Junior Jack and DJ Ura.
Live Music Festival 2009 Controversy.
From early 2009, the organizers began touting the Live Music Festival to be held during summer 2009 with acts such as Tina Turner, Britney Spears, and Zucchero being announced. 
Raka Marić has confirmed that none of those singers will attend it this year. For popular daily newspaper "Vijesti", he has said: "Due to 2009 global financial crisis, there will be no attendance of some global superstar on this year's Live Music Festival." Although Tina Turner has finished her worldwide tour that marked her 50th year in the business and is now free for new concerts, Marić has said that "she gave up touring and will never tour again" which is, of course, not actually the truth. He has also said that "Britney Spears is finishing her European leg in July 26" so they couldn't "get her to come".
Although it has been officially confirmed that 2009 guests will be Vlado Georgiev, Plavi Orkestar, Riblja Čorba and two famous DJs, second Live Music Festival has never been held.
Summer Fest 2012.
After a three-year absence, the musical performances returned in summer 2012 with the three-day event called Summer Fest organized from 5-8 August. Instead of globally known acts, the festival featured local ones such as: Nagual, Night Shift, Van Gogh, Hladno Pivo, Nipplepeople, Off Duty, S.A.R.S., Pero Defformero, Partibrejkers, Riblja Čorba, The Beatshakers, Gomila Nesklada, Who See, Prljavi Inspektor Blaža i Kljunovi, Kiki Lesendrić & Piloti, Orthodox Celts, and Junior Jack.

</doc>
<doc id="18743309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743309" title="Gary C. Cornia">
Gary C. Cornia

Gary C. Cornia is an American professor who was the eighth Dean of the Marriott School of Management at Brigham Young University. He received a B.S. in Economics in 1972 from Weber State University and a M.S. in Economics two years later from the Jon M. Huntsman School of Business at Utah State University. He subsequently earned a Ph.D. in Public finance from the Ohio State University in 1979. Cornia served as dean on from 2008 to 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18743312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743312" title="1997 Movistar Open">
1997 Movistar Open

The 1997 Movistar Open was an ATP tournament held in Santiago, Chile and played on outdoor clay courts. It was the fifth edition of the tournament and was held from November 3 to November 10.

</doc>
<doc id="18743315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743315" title="Kat Goldman">
Kat Goldman

Kat Goldman is a Canadian singer-songwriter from Toronto, Ontario.
Biography.
Kat Goldman grew up in Toronto, Ontario. She began her career as a singer-songwriter while attending university in Boston, Massachusetts in the early 1990s. She began frequenting Cambridge coffeehouses and busking in Harvard Square.
She returned to Toronto in 1996 and began playing local venues. Gavin Brown (producer for Sarah Harmer and Billy Talent) took an interest in her music and in 2000 they collaborated on the album, "The Great Disappearing Act". Her website describes this as the "break-out achievement in her career," noting that after this she was opening for artists like Sarah Slean, Martin Sexton, the Waifs, Regina Spektor, the Strawbs, Dar Williams, Jonatha Brooke, and Eric Anderson. The album's title track earned Goldman an honorable mention in the Pop/Top 40 category at the 2002 International Songwriting Competition.
It was also around this time that she was picked up by the New York City based management firm for Williams and Shawn Colvin. Goldman began doing shows at venues like the Bottom Line, the Bitter End, and the Living Room.
In 2002 a fan of Goldman's shared two cassette tapes of her music with James Keelaghan. Keelaghan passed them on to the Winnipeg band, The Duhks. The Duhks then recorded Goldman's song, "Annabel" on their 2002 album, "Your Daughters & Your Sons". Leonard Podolak says the band took quickly to the song: "'Annabel' we got from Kat Goldman, who's a great songwriter from Toronto. It's a song she wrote when her grandmother passed away. When I played it for , it just naturally came together. When we arranged it, it took about 15 minutes. A lot of songs are like pulling teeth, but this one just happened. It's one of our favorite ones."
In 2004 Goldman was planning to move to New York when she was severely injured in a freak accident (a car crashed into the storefront of a bakery she was visiting). She spent the next two years in recovery. In 2006, while returning to the music business, she sang backing vocals on Jeffery Straker's debut album "Songs from Highway 15".
In 2007 Goldman released the album, "Sing Your Song". Dar Williams calls the album "wonderful–I can't imagine the world without it." Some of the songs, such as "Driving All Night", have received favorable attention on CBC Radio programs. One reviewer called the album "a record to play at night when you’re feeling a bit introspective and maybe even lonely." Another describes the album as "consistently life-affirming until the end and more importantly, without betraying a hint of sentimentality." Goldman's performance of the title track, "Sing Your Song" once again earned her an honorable mention at the International Songwriting Competition for 2007.
Later in 2007, several songs from Goldman's earlier album, including "Everyone's Getting Married", were included on the soundtrack to the Lifetime Television film "I Me Wed". As of 2008 her upcoming gigs include performances at places such as Club Passim in Cambridge, a visit to NPR's the "World Cafe" in Philadelphia, and a couple of dates opening for Colin Hay (formerly of Men at Work).
Goldman adapted her song Annabel to serve as the theme of "Kenny Hotz's Triumph of the Will".

</doc>
<doc id="18743396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743396" title="Amos Smith">
Amos Smith

Amos B. Smith III (born August 26, 1944) is an American chemist.
He is most notable for his research with the chemistry of mammalian pheromones and chemical communication.
He currently works at the Monell Chemical Senses Center and holds the Rhodes-Thompson Professorship of Chemistry at the University of Pennsylvania's Department of Chemistry.
Amos B. Smith III is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and member of the ESPCI ParisTech Scientific Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18743415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743415" title="Howard 'Grace' Cup">
Howard 'Grace' Cup

This richly mounted 'Grace' Cup would have been passed around the dinner table after prayers had been said. It is a survivor from the English Tudor Court. The ivory bowl is said to have belonged to Thomas Becket, Archbishop of Canterbury, who was murdered in his cathedral in 1170. Such relics of England's favourite saint were treasured until the English Reformation. When the gilded silver mounts were commissioned in 1525, the engraver was instructed to incorporate the initials of TB and a mitre on the cover. These alternate with the pomegranate badge of Catherine of Aragon. The cup was said to have been bequeathed to the queen by Sir Edward Howard (d. 1513), High Admiral to Henry VIII. The vital role played by prints in the dissemination of Renaissance styles to Northern Europe is revealed in some of the ornamentation on the cup which, like Henry VIII's writing desk, derives from the work of Hans Burgkmair. The cast marks and sheaves taken from an engraving by the artist are the earliest example of Renaissance influence in English goldsmiths' work. After Catherine of Aragon's death in 1536 the cup was returned to the Howard family, who were renowned both as devout Roman Catholics and as art collectors. It descended through successive generations of the family until it was brought by the Museum in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="18743434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743434" title="Carter James">
Carter James

Carter Evan James (born 28 July 1989) is an Australian singer-songwriter. Best known for his hit song "Dead in your Trax", the first single from his forthcoming debut album. His single "Dead in your Trax" reached number one on the ARIA Charts singles chart in July 2008. James is the older of two siblings, his sister an upcoming model and actress.
In July 2008, James announced recording had been completed on a debut album tentatively entitled "19".
The year 2008 has seen James becoming an activist for several causes. He has lobbied for legislation that subsidizes environmentally friendly housing, and is working on a benefit concert to deal with animal curelty issues.
Music career.
Popularity on MySpace.
James created an account on MySpace and began posting demos in November 2007. The demos attracted thousands of listeners. James also produced two mixtapes — "My First Mixtape" and "My Second Mixtape" — to promote his work: they included tracks by Creedence Clearwater Revival, Dizzee Rascal, and Ludacris. As he accumulated tens of thousands of MySpace friends, "The Observer Music Monthly" (OMM), a magazine published in "The Observer", took interest Few people outside of his label's A&R department knew who he was, so the label was slow in responding to publications wanting to report about him.
In January 2008, "OMM" included an article about James's success through MySpace, and he received his first major mainstream coverage appearing in the magazine's cover story two months later. The success of his songs convinced his label to allow him more creative control over the album and to use some of the songs that he had written instead of attempts to work with mainstream producers.
He currently has 477478 friends on his page.
"19".
James's debut album, "19", is due to be released in December 2008. The album features between 11 and 14 tracks (depending on the copy of the CD), some of which were previewed on his MySpace page, including the single "Dead in your Trax", co-written with Jenni Wall.
Social activism.
Animal cruelty.
James has been working close with Animal Right Organisation 'PETA.org'. He even organised a concert to raise awareness to acts of animal cruelty.

</doc>
<doc id="18743447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743447" title="Joint Publications Research Service">
Joint Publications Research Service

The Joint Publications Research Service (JPRS) was a United States government defense-funded organization that was absorbed into the Foreign Broadcast Information Service (FBIS) but its funding and personnel did not transfer. For all practical purposes it ceased its massive operations (80,000 reports since 1957) in 1970, and gradually wound down to virtually nothing under FBIS by 1997.
Both FBIS and JPRS are notable representatives of the value of Open Source Intelligence or OSINT, but also examples of how poorly funded such endeavors can be when the emphasis remains on secrecy and technology instead of openness.
According to FBIS, access to current and past JPRS reports is possible via World News Connection. In 2012, Readex, a division of NewsBank, began releasing its digital edition entitled Joint Publications Research Service (JPRS) Reports, 1957-1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18743448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743448" title="USS Tonawanda (AN-89)">
USS Tonawanda (AN-89)

USS "Tonawanda" (YN-115/AN-89) was a Cohoes-class net laying ship which was assigned to protect U.S. Navy ships and harbors during World War II by deploying and maintaining anti-submarine nets. Her World War II career was short due to the war coming to an end, but, post-war, she was reactivated in 1952 and served the Navy until 1959 when she was put into reserve and eventually transferred to Haiti.
Constructed in Wisconsin.
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, "Tonawanda" (AN-89) was laid down on 12 September 1944 at Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin, by the Leathern D. Smith Shipbuilding Company; launched on 14 November 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Charles N. Barnum; and commissioned on 9 May 1945, Lt. Edward F. McLaughlin in command.
World War II related service.
The net laying ship departed Sturgeon Bay on 19 May and, after a voyage across the Great Lakes and down the St. Lawrence River, arrived in Boston, Massachusetts, on 4 June. After a short availability, she moved to Melville, Rhode Island, on the 19th for shakedown training and daily net laying drills in Narragansett Bay. 
"Tonawanda" stood out of Boston harbor again on 18 July and shaped a course south to Key West, Florida, and thence to the Panama Canal. She transited the canal on 2 and 3 August and continued her voyage to San Pedro, California, where she arrived on 15 August, the day after hostilities in the Pacific Ocean ceased. 
Post-war service.
She reported for duty in the 11th Naval District and, for the next 10 weeks, "Tonawanda" operated in the 11th Naval District at San Pedro, Seal Beach, Long Beach, and Port Hueneme, disposing of nets and salvaging net buoys. On 27 November, the ship stood out of San Pedro Bay and headed back to the Panama Canal which she transited on the 8th. Continuing north, "Tonawanda" arrived in Norfolk, Virginia, on 19 November and reported for duty with the Service Force, Atlantic Fleet.
On 3 January 1946, she received orders to duty in the 7th Naval District and, on the 4th, stood out of the Chesapeake Bay and turned south. She reached Miami, Florida, on 7 January and began assisting in hydrographic triangulation surveys in the Florida-Cuba-Bahamas area. That duty lasted until 7 April when the net laying ship departed Miami in company with "Marietta" (AN-82) for New Orleans, Louisiana.
Inactivation.
"Tonwanda" remained in New Orleans from 25 April to 11 May, when she shifted to Orange, Texas, to prepare for inactivation. "Tonawanda" was decommissioned on 9 August 1946 and berthed at Orange.
Recommissioned in 1952.
On 18 March 1952, after almost six years in reserve, "Tonawanda" was recommissioned at Orange, Lt. Clarence A. Tennehill in command. 
After trials off Sabine Pass, Texas, she departed the Texas coast on 21 March bound for New England duty in the 1st Naval District. The ship arrived in Boston on 1 April and entered the Bethlehem Simpson Shipyard to complete outfitting. 
On 10 June, she moved to the Net Depot at Melville, Rhode Island, where she began seven years of experimental net installation duties in the vicinity of Melville and Boston. Periodically, she departed the New England coast to conduct underway training and mine warfare tactics exercises in the Chesapeake Bay and off the Virginia Capes. 
On two occasions, from 28 August to 21 October 1955 and from 2 May to 30 June 1956, temporary duty with the Mine Warfare Evaluation Detachment, Key West, Florida, interrupted her routine along the New England coast. During those two periods, she assisted other ships assigned to the detachment in experiments in mine planting, testing, recovery, and in overall mine warfare tactics development. After each of these tours, she resumed normal operations out of Melville and Boston.
Final decommissioning.
On 16 November 1959, "Tonawanda" departed Boston and headed for Bayonne, New Jersey, to prepare once more for inactivation. On 18 December 1959, "Tonawanda" was decommissioned at Bayonne and assigned to the New York Group, Atlantic Reserve Fleet. 
She remained there until 25 May 1960 when she was leased to the government of Haiti under the terms of the Military Assistance Program. As of late 1979, she was still serving the Haitian government as "Jean Jacques Dessalines (MH-10)" when she was disposed of by sale to Haiti by the United States. Her current fate is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18743491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743491" title="Geva Binyamin">
Geva Binyamin

Geva Binyamin (. "lit." Benjamin Hill), also known as Adam (), is a communal Israeli settlement in the West Bank. The name Geva Binyamin comes from an eponymous Biblical site believed to have stood in the same location. (f.e. Joshua 18:24) Located five kilometers north-west of Jerusalem, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Binyamin Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 3,500.
The village was established in 1984 by members of the Adam gar'in (named after Yekutiel Adam, a former Deputy Chief of Staff of the Israeli Defence Forces who had been killed two years earlier at Beaufort Castle in Lebanon). 
Kubur Bani Yisra’il is located on the outskirts of the settlement.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="18743532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743532" title="Zhu Qianwei">
Zhu Qianwei

Zhu Qianwei (; born 1990-09-28 in Shanghai) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18743536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743536" title="Annemieke Bes">
Annemieke Bes

Annemieke Marileen Bes (16 March 1978, Groningen) is a sailor from the Netherlands, who represented her country for the first time at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. The Dutch Yngling helmed by Annelies Thies and crewed by Bes and Petronella de Jong took the 4th place. Bes returned to the Olympics, again in the Dutch Yngling, during the 2008 Olympics this time with fellow crewmember Merel Witteveen and helmsman Mandy Mulder. The Dutch Yngling team took the Silver Medal in Qingdao. Bes than switched to the Elliott 6m Match racing. During the 2012 Olympics the team with helmsman Renee Groeneveld and crewmembers Bes and Marcelien Bos-de Koning took 8th place in Weymouth.
Sailing career.
Bes started sailing in 1990 and has competed at International level since 1999 where she started in the Europe class. Her best finishes were second at the Dutch Championship in 2000, seventh at the Semaine Olympique Hyeres in 2001 and at the World championship open week that year. By the end of 2001 she switched to the Yngling class. In her first season in the Yngling class she and her team mates Petronella de Jong and Annelies Thies became second in the Princess Sofia Trophy in Palma de Mallorca. The following year she finished fifth at the SPA Regatta in Medemblik as well as fourth in the pre-Olympic event in Athens. 2004 proved to be a successful year and they won the Athens Eurolymp Week as well as the Princess Sofia Trophy. They sailed to a seventh position at the World Championships in Santander and a sixth position at the SPA Regatta, which earned them a spot at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
In 2007 a team was formed of nine sailors, (among them were Mandy Mulder, Annemieke Bes, Merel Witteveen, Renée Groeneveld, Marije Faber, Marije Kampen and Brechtje van der Werf), that aimed and qualify for the Olympics in the Yngling. In July 2008 Dutch national coach Maurice Paardekooper selected Witteveen, Mulder and Bes as the trio that would sail the Dutch Yngling team at the 2008 Summer Olympics. The selected team became fourth at the World Championship in Cascais. Furthermore they became second in Qingdao at the Pre-Olympics, fourth at the European Championship in Warnemünde in 2007. In 2008 there was a third place in the Olympic Class Regatta of Miami And a third place at the Europeans.
With Renée Groeneveld and Brechtje van der Werf she started to sail in the new Olympic women class, The Elliott 6m Match racing class. They finished fourth at the Kieler woche Worldcup, second at the Europeans and they won the Sail for Gold Worldcup in Weymouth in September 2009 and the Prinses Sofia Worldcup event in April 2010. However this team did not qualify for the Olympics. After a team was formed with Bes, Marcelien Bos-de Koning and Mandy Mulder the qualification for the 2012 olympics was made.

</doc>
<doc id="18743541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743541" title="Vector control (motor)">
Vector control (motor)

Vector control, also called field-oriented control (FOC), is a variable frequency drive (VFD) control method which controls three-phase AC electric motor output by means of two controllable VFD inverter output variables:
FOC is a control technique that is used in AC synchronous and induction motor applications that was originally developed for high-performance motor applications which can operate smoothly over the full speed range, can generate full torque at zero speed, and is capable of fast acceleration and deceleration but that is becoming increasingly attractive for lower performance applications as well due to FOC's motor size, cost and power consumption reduction superiority.
Not only is FOC very common in induction motor control applications due to its traditional superiority in high-performance applications, but the expectation is that it will eventually nearly universally displace single-variable scalar volts-per-Hertz (V/f) control.
Development history.
Technical University Darmstadt's K. Hasse and Siemens' F. Blaschke pioneered vector control of AC motors starting in 1968 and in the early 1970s, Hasse in terms of proposing indirect vector control, Blaschke in terms of proposing direct vector control. Technical University Braunschweig's Werner Leonhard further developed FOC techniques and was instrumental in opening up opportunities for AC drives to be a competitive alternative to DC drives.
Yet it was not until after the commercialization of microprocessors, that is in the early 1980s, that general purpose AC drives became available. Barriers to use of FOC for AC drive applications included higher cost and complexity and lower maintainability compared to DC drives, FOC having until then required many electronic components in terms of sensors, amplifiers and
so on.
The Park transformation has long been widely used in the analysis and study of synchronous and induction machines. The transformation is by far the single most important concept needed for an understanding of how FOC works, the concept having been first conceptualized in a 1929 paper authored by Robert H. Park. Park's paper was ranked second most important in terms of impact from among all power engineering related papers ever published in the twentieth century. The novelty of Park's work involves his ability to transform any related machine's linear differential equation set from one with time varying coefficients to another with time "invariant" coefficients.
Technical overview.
Overview of key competing VFD control platforms:
While the analysis of AC drive controls can be technically quite involved relative to what? says who? (refer to "See also" section), such analysis invariably starts with modeling of the drive-motor circuit involved along the lines of accompanying signal flow graph and equations.
In vector control, an AC induction or synchronous motor is controlled under all operating conditions like a separately excited DC motor. That is, the AC motor behaves like a DC motor in which the field flux linkage and armature flux linkage created by the respective field and armature (or torque component) currents are orthogonally aligned such that, when torque is controlled, the field flux linkage is not affected, hence enabling dynamic torque response.
Vector control accordingly generates a three-phase PWM motor voltage output derived from a complex voltage vector to control a complex current vector derived from motor's three-phase motor stator current input through projections or rotations back and forth between the three-phase speed and time dependent system and these vectors' rotating reference-frame two-coordinate time invariant system.
Such complex stator motor current space vector can be defined in a (d,q) coordinate system with orthogonal components along d (direct) and q (quadrature) axes such that field flux linkage component of current is aligned along the d axis and torque component of current is aligned along the q axis. The induction motor's (d,q) coordinate system can be superimposed to the motor's instantaneous (a,b,c) three-phase sinusoidal system as shown in accompanying image (phases a & b not shown for clarity). Components of the (d,q) system current vector, allow conventional control such as proportional and integral, or PI, control, as with a DC motor.
Projections associated with the (d,q) coordinate system typically involve:
However, it is not uncommon for sources to use three-to-two, (a,b,c)-to-(d,q) and inverse projections.
While (d,q) coordinate system rotation can arbitrarily be set to any speed, there are three preferred speeds or reference frames:
Decoupled torque and field currents can thus be derived from raw stator current inputs for control algorithm development.
Whereas magnetic field and torque components in DC motors can be operated relatively simply by separately controlling the respective field and armature currents, economical control of AC motors in variable speed application has required development of microprocessor-based controls with all AC drives now using powerful DSP (digital signal processing) technology.
Inverters can be implemented as either open-loop sensorless or closed-loop FOC, the key limitation of open-loop operation being mimimum speed possible at 100% torque, namely, about 0.8 Hz compared to standstill for closed-loop operation.
There are two vector control methods, direct or feedback vector control (DFOC) and indirect or feedforward vector control (IFOC), IFOC being more commonly used because in closed-loop mode such drives more easily operate throughout the speed range from zero speed to high-speed field-weakening. In DFOC, flux magnitude and angle feedback signals are directly calculated using so-called voltage or current models. In IFOC, flux space angle feedforward and flux magnitude signals first measure stator currents and rotor speed for then deriving flux space angle proper by summing the rotor angle corresponding to the rotor speed and the calculated reference value of slip angle corresponding to the slip frequency.
Sensorless control (see Sensorless FOC Block Diagram) of AC drives is attractive for cost and reliability considerations. Sensorless control requires derivation of rotor speed information from measured stator voltage and currents in combination with open-loop estimators or closed-loop observers.
Application recap.
1. Stator phase currents are measured, converted to complex space vector in (a,b,c) coordinate system.
2. Current vector is converted to (formula_1, formula_2) coordinate system. transformed to a coordinate system rotating in rotor reference frame, rotor position being derived by integrating the speed by means of speed measurement sensor.
3. Rotor flux linkage vector is estimated by multiplying the stator current vector with magnetizing inductance Lm and low-pass filtering the result with the rotor no-load time constant Lr/Rr, namely, the rotor inductance to rotor resistance ratio.
4. Current vector is converted to (d,q) coordinate system.
5. d-axis component of the stator current vector is used to control the rotor flux linkage and the imaginary q-axis component is used to control the motor torque. While PI controllers can be used to control these currents, bang-bang type current control provides better dynamic performance.
6. PI controllers provide (d,q) coordinate voltage components. A decoupling term is sometimes added to the controller output to improve control performance to mitigate cross coupling or big and rapid changes in speed, current and flux linkage. PI-controller also sometimes need low-pass filtering at the input or output to prevent the current ripple due to transistor switching from being amplified excessively and destabilizing the control. However, such filtering also limits the dynamic control system performance. High switching frequency (typically more than 10 kHz) is typically required to minimize filtering requirements for high-performance drives such as servo drives.
7. Voltage components are transformed from (d,q) coordinate system to (formula_1, formula_2) coordinate system.
8. Voltage components are transformed from (formula_1, formula_2) coordinate system to (a,b,c) coordinate system or fed in Pulse Width Modulation (PWM) modulator, or both, for signaling to the power inverter section.
Significant aspects of vector control application:
Although the vector control algorithm is more complicated than the Direct Torque Control (DTC), the algorithm is not needed to be calculated as frequently as the DTC algorithm. Also the current sensors need not be the best in the market. Thus the cost of the processor and other control hardware is lower making it suitable for applications where the ultimate performance of DTC is not required.

</doc>
<doc id="18743556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743556" title="1998 Movistar Open">
1998 Movistar Open

The 1998 Movistar Open was an ATP tennis tournament held in Santiago, Chile and played on outdoor clay courts. It was the sixth edition of the tournament and was held from November 9 to November 16.

</doc>
<doc id="18743576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743576" title="Tower Theatre Company">
Tower Theatre Company

The Tower Theatre Company is a performing non-professional acting group based in the St Bride Institute (on the site of the former Bridewell Palace), in the City of London. The building also contains the Bridewell Theatre, which is used for the majority of Tower Theatre Company performances.
The group presents about 18 productions each year in London, either at their base theatre, or at other small theatres in the London area. During the summer months they also perform touring productions, with regular appearances at the open-air Théâtre de Verdure, which is in the Bois de Boulogne in Paris, and at the Minack Theatre in Cornwall.
The acting company was founded, as the Tavistock Repertory Company, in 1932 at the Tavistock Little Theatre in Tavistock Square, Bloomsbury (and so has nothing to do with the town of Tavistock in Devon). In 1952, it moved to its own premises in Islington at Canonbury Tower which included a 156-seat theatre known as the Tower Theatre. Over the years it has mounted nearly 1500 productions. Unlike many other non-professional groups, the Tower Theatre's productions have always been mounted in publicly licenced theatres, with tickets sold to the general public rather than just to members. 
The lease in Canonbury expired in 2003 and since then the company has been searching for suitable new premises. It commissioned a new theatre at a site just off Curtain Road, in Shoreditch, London Borough of Hackney, but due to funding difficulties, it has now abandoned plans to proceed with the project. However, it is expected that another arts charity will be building the new theatre on the site, broadly to the same plans. 
On 6 August 2008 archaeologists from the Museum of London excavating the site, prior to construction, announced that they had found the footings of a polygonal structure which they believe to be the remains of the north-eastern corner of The Theatre's foundations.

</doc>
<doc id="18743595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743595" title="The Free Belarus Initiative">
The Free Belarus Initiative

The Free Belarus Initiative (Inicjatywa Wolna Białoruś) is a Polish NGO which supports the freedom of movement in Belarus; it was registered as a Non-Governmental Organization on 26 July 2006 in Poland (KRS 0000260915).
The activities of the Initiative are threefold:
The Initiative, in cooperation with the Polish state television (TVP) and the authorities of the City of Warsaw organizes annual "Solidarity with Belarus" concerts.
The office of the President of the Board is occupied by Jacek Kastelaniec.

</doc>
<doc id="18743600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743600" title="American Intelligence Journal">
American Intelligence Journal

The American Intelligence Journal is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the (US) National Military Intelligence Association. It has a focus on public education and the dissemination of unclassified knowledge about the profession of military intelligence.

</doc>
<doc id="18743630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743630" title="Paul Uhlenhuth">
Paul Uhlenhuth

Paul Theodor Uhlenhuth (born in Hanover on 7 January 1870; died in Freiburg im Breisgau on 13 December 1957) was a German bacteriologist and hygienist and an assistant professor at the Institute of Hygiene at the University of Greifswald. He is famous in the annals of forensic science for developing the species precipitin test which could distinguish human blood from animal blood.
Starting with the a significant discovery by Emil von Behring that animals inoculated with diphtheria toxin formed defensive substances in their blood serum. These defensive substances were named precipitins. Other scientists principally Jules Bordet tried devising serums against other infectious agents; They found that the precipitins were specific to the antagonist injected. In 1900, building off Bordet's work, Uhlenhuth injected hen's blood into rabbits, then he mixed serum from the rabbit with egg white. The egg proteins separated (precipitated) from the mixture. He was able to conclude that the blood of different species of animals contained unique proteins. These discoveries extended to being able to differentiate human blood from animal blood.
Fellow scientist, Otto Beumer, professor of forensic medicine at the University of Greifswald and the coroner of Greifswald learned of Uhlenhuth's work and joined him in perfecting the detection of human blood in dried bloodstains that were months or years old.
His new technique was first used in the case of two murdered and dismembered children in the town of Göhren on the Baltic island of Rügen. The suspect in the case, Ludwig Tessnow claimed that the stains on his clothing were either cattle's blood or wood stain from a carpentry project. They were able to prove otherwise. Tessnow was executed for his crime in 1904. 
In 1935 Wilhelm Pfannenstiel Professor of Hygiene at the University of Marburg nominated Uhlenhuth for the Nobel Prize in Medicine for his work in chemotherapy.
In 1915 Uhlenhoth was co-discoverer of Leptospira interrogans strain RGA a cause of Weil's disease a severe form of leptospirosis characterized by epistaxis, jaundice, chills, fever, muscle pain, and hepatomegaly, it was one of the many ailments to afflict soldiers involved in the trench warfare of World War I.
In 1942 he was awarded the Emil von Behring prize,which is awarded every two years by the University of Marburg for outstanding achievements in immunology, serum therapy and chemotherapy. Uhlenhuth had multiple articles published in peer reviewed journals and was an active researcher in various areas of bacteriology and immunology including research into chemotherapy and syphilis.Paul Ehrlich winner of the 1908 Nobel Prize in Medicine was an associate of Uhlenhuth.

</doc>
<doc id="18743644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743644" title="2000 Chevrolet Cup">
2000 Chevrolet Cup

The 2000 Movistar Open was an ATP men's tournament held in Santiago, Chile. It was the seventh edition of the tournament and was held from February 28 to March 6. Gustavo Kuerten won the singles title.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18743655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743655" title="Pimobendan">
Pimobendan

Pimobendan (INN is a veterinary medication manufactured by Boehringer Ingelheim under the trade names Vetmedin and Acardi) or pimobendane. It is a calcium sensitizer with positive inotropic and vasodilator effects. It is also a selective inhibitor of phosphodiesterase III (PDE3).
Pimobendan is used in the management of heart failure in dogs, most commonly caused by myxomatous mitral valve disease (also known as endocardiosis), or dilated cardiomyopathy. Research has shown that pimobendan increases survival time and improves quality of life in patients with congestive heart failure secondary to mitral valve disease when compared with benazepril, an angiotensin-converting-enzyme (ACE) inhibitor. Under the trade name Acardi, it is available for human use in Japan.
Mechanism of action.
Pimobendan is a positive inotrope. It sensitizes and increases the binding efficiency of cardiac myofibril to the calcium ions that are already present without increasing the consumption of oxygen and energy. Pimobendan also causes peripheral vasodilation by inhibiting the function of phosphodiesterase III. This results in decreased pressure, translating into smaller cardiac preload and afterload (decreases the failing heart's workload).
Pharmacokinetics.
Pimobendan is absorbed rapidly when given via the oral route and has a bioavailability of 60-65%. It is metabolized into its active form by the liver. The half-life of pimobendan in the blood is 0.4 hours and the half-life of its metabolite is 2 hours. Elimination is by excretion in the bile and then feces. Pimobendan is 90–95% bound to plasma proteins in circulation. This has implications in patients suffering from low blood protein levels (hypoproteinemia/hypoalbuminemia) and with patients that are on concurrent therapies that are also highly protein bound.
Combinations.
Pimobendan is often used in combination with three other drugs to palliate dogs with heart disease and reduce clinical signs of disease. These are:
Other drugs may also be used as required to manage certain arrhythmias that are often associated with heart disease.
Chemistry.
Pimobendan can be synthesized beginning with anisoyl chloride:

</doc>
<doc id="18743658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743658" title="Protić">
Protić

Protić (Serbian Cyrillic: Протић) is a Serbian surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18743677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743677" title="Tahir Jalil Habbush al-Tikriti">
Tahir Jalil Habbush al-Tikriti

Tahir Jalil Habbush al Takriti () is a former Iraqi intelligence official who served under the regime of Saddam Hussein; in 2001, he was Iraq's head of intelligence and as such, informed MI6 in January 2003 (shortly before the start of the Iraq War) that Iraq had no WMD. He was the Jack of Diamonds in the most-wanted Iraqi playing cards and is still a fugitive with up to $1 million reward for information leading to his capture.
Forged 2003 Habbush letter.
According to the London Sunday "Telegraph", Mohamed Atta is mentioned in a letter allegedly discovered in Iraq handwritten by Tahir Jalil Habbush al Takriti, former chief of the Iraqi Intelligence Service. Habbush's July 1, 2001, memo is labeled "Intelligence Items" and is addressed: "To the President of the Ba'ath Revolution Party and President of the Republic, may God protect you."
It continues:
The memo is believed to be a forgery. According to Newsweek, "U.S. officials and a leading Iraqi document expert the document is most likely a forgery, part of a thriving new trade in dubious Iraqi documents that has cropped up in the wake of the collapse of Saddam's regime." In "The Way of the World", author Ron Suskind alleges that the Bush administration itself ordered the forgery. Habbush then supposedly signed the letter, having already been resettled in Jordan with $5 million from the US.

</doc>
<doc id="18743680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743680" title="Tan Miao">
Tan Miao

Tan Miao (born 1987-01-06 in Jinan, Shandong) is a female Chinese swimmer, who won a silver medal for China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18743722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743722" title="Walter Marshall">
Walter Marshall

Walter Marshall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18743728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743728" title="Margaret Laton's embroidered jacket">
Margaret Laton's embroidered jacket

Margaret Laton's jacket is a surviving example of English Jacobean embroidery, significant because it appears in a portrait which has also survived. The jacket was originally owned and worn by Margaret Laton (1579–1641), wife of Francis Laton (1577–1661) who was one of the Yeomen of the Jewel House during the reigns of James I, Charles I and, briefly, Charles II. Embroidered linen jackets were worn as informal dress, and were particularly popular among wealthy women in the late sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries. This jacket is exquisitely decorated with flowers, birds and butterflies, embroidered in coloured silks, coiled tendrils of silver-gilt plaited braid stitch and silver-gilt sequins. The edges of the jacket are trimmed with silver and silver-gilt bobbin lace and silver-gilt spangles. 
This jacket appears in a portrait of Margaret Laton which probably dates from around 1620 and is painted in oils on oak boards. The painter is not known, but the style of portraiture is similar to that of Marcus Gheeraerts the Younger (1561?–1635) who was the most fashionable portrait painter of the period.
Both the jacket and the portrait are in the Victoria and Albert Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18743733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743733" title="Li Mo">
Li Mo

Li Mo (born 1990-01-21 in Jinan, Shandong) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18743744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743744" title="2001 Chevrolet Cup">
2001 Chevrolet Cup

The 2001 Chevrolet Cup was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Viña del Mar in Chile and was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour. It was the eighth edition of the tournament and ran from February 12 through February 18, 2001. Guillermo Coria won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="18743753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743753" title="Li Xuanxu">
Li Xuanxu

Li Xuanxu (; born February 5, 1994 in Zhuzhou, Hunan) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she qualified in second place in the heats with a time of 4:34.28 in the Women's 400 metre individual medley. She won the Bronze medal in the final with 4:32.91.

</doc>
<doc id="18743776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743776" title="Lygephila pastinum">
Lygephila pastinum

The Blackneck "(Lygephila pastinum)" is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Europe, Siberia, Japan and China.
The wingspan is 37–42 mm. The length of the forewings is 18–21 mm. The moth flies in two generations from late March to mid August and from September and October .
The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants such as "Vicia cracca" and "Lathyrus pratensis".

</doc>
<doc id="18743777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743777" title="Gulyantsi">
Gulyantsi

Gulyantsi (, pronounced ; also transliterated "Guljanci", "Gulyanci", "Guliantzi", "Gulyantzi", etc.) is a town in central northern Bulgaria, part of Pleven Province. It is the administrative centre of Gulyantsi municipality and lies in the central north of the province, near the town of Nikopol, very close to the Danube River. As of December 2009, the town has a population of 3,432 inhabitants.
Gulyantsi lies 34 kilometres north of the provincial capital Pleven, 4 kilometres south of the Danube and 7-8 kilometres southwest of the mouth of the Iskar River at Gigen village. It was proclaimed a town on 4 September 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="18743779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743779" title="Gerard Weston">
Gerard Weston

Father Gerard Edward Weston MBE (20 October 1933 – 22 February 1972) was a Roman Catholic priest and military chaplain.
Educated at St Mary's College, Crosby and Upholland, where he was ordained by Archbishop Heenan in 1960. He joined the British Army in 1966 as an army chaplain, serving in Germany, the Persian Gulf, Kenya and Northern Ireland. He achieved the rank of Captain.
During the height of the Troubles, he frequently entered alone the dangerous areas of Ballymurphy and Turf Lodge in Belfast, talking with local people in an attempt to reduce tension. He was in great personal danger, especially as a rumour circulated that a British soldier was operating disguised as a priest.
For his own safety, his commanding officer eventually ordered his withdrawal, and he was awarded the MBE for gallantry on 15 February 1972.
Seven days later, Father Weston drew up in his Morris Traveller car at the car-park of the Officers' Mess of the 16th Parachute Brigade in Aldershot. As he was exiting his vehicle, a huge bomb exploded, killing the padre instantly, together with six civilians. He was 38 years old.
The Official IRA claimed responsibility, in retaliation for Bloody Sunday three weeks earlier.
Public revulsion at the attack was in part responsible for the organisation ordering a ceasefire three months later, and it later disbanded.
Father Weston is buried at SS Peter and Paul Churchyard, Crosby.

</doc>
<doc id="18743786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743786" title="USS Tunxis">
USS Tunxis

USS "Tunxis" is a name used more than once by the U.S. Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="18743792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743792" title="The Man With the Getaway Face">
The Man With the Getaway Face

The Man with the Getaway Face (1963) is a crime thriller novel, written by Donald E. Westlake under the pseudonym Richard Stark. It was also published under the title "The Steel Hit".
The plot concerns Stark's recurring character, Parker, surgically altering his appearance to escape the mob and a contract on his life. Desperate for cash, he decides to join his old associates Skimm and Handy McKay to rob an armored car in New Jersey. Parker and Handy soon realize that the finger for the job, Skimm's girlfriend Alma, intends to betray them. Moreover, an employee of Dr. Adler (who performed Parker's surgery) threatens to rat Parker out to The Outfit; Adler has been murdered, and Adler's employees think Parker is to blame.
"The Man with the Getaway Face" was re-issued by the University of Chicago Press in August 2008.
In 2010, it was adapted into a short pamphlet by cartoonist Darwyn Cooke. This adaptation became the first chapter of Cooke's graphic novel adaptation of "The Outfit", which was released later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18743796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743796" title="Devonshire Street railway station">
Devonshire Street railway station

Devonshire Street railway station was a station in the parish of Mile End Old Town, in the East End of London. It was opened on 29 June 1839 as the temporary terminus for the Eastern Counties Railway from Romford prior to the construction of Bishopsgate (initially called Shoreditch). The station closed in 1840; in 1884 Globe Road railway station opened nearby to the west of the site of Devonshire Street.
Devonshire Street, after which the station was named, was later incorporated into the northern part of Bancroft Road, running east-west next to the tracks. The station was at the junction with Globe Road. 

</doc>
<doc id="18743807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743807" title="Little Theatre of Alexandria">
Little Theatre of Alexandria

The Little Theatre of Alexandria is a prominent community theatre located at 600 Wolfe Street in Alexandria, Virginia. It has a member / subscriber base of over 2000 and owns its own building. The theatre was founded by Mary Lindsey in 1934 and was originally known as the Peacock Players. It has since staged more than 350 productions. During recent years it has produced a seven to ten show season.
The theatre is particularly well known for its one-act playwriting competition. It has played an important role in launching the careers of playwrights such as Sandra Fenichel Asher, Rich Orloff, and Jacob M. Appel.

</doc>
<doc id="18743821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743821" title="Robert Smith (colonial administrator)">
Robert Smith (colonial administrator)

Sir (Charles) Robert Smith (13 November 1887 - 4 November 1959) was a British Governor of North Borneo from 1937 until 18 January 1942, and again from 11 September 1945 until October 1946. During the period from 1942-1945 during World War II, North Borneo was under Japanese occupation and Smith's Governorship was suspended. 
Smith was educated at Christ's Hospital, and joined the North Borneo Civil Service as a cadet in 1913. He was appointed Governor and Commander-in-Chief of North Borneo in 1937. He was awarded the CMG in 1941.
Smith was interned by the Japanese at Berhala Island near Sandakan in North Borneo and then at Batu Lintang camp, Sarawak, Borneo, from 18 January 1942 until May 1943, after which time he was transferred to another camp in Manchuria, and he was in a camp in Formosa in late 1943. After the war he took up his position as Governor briefly, before retiring in October 1946. He was awarded the KBE in 1947, and died in 1959.
Smith married twice. In 1920 he married Violet Mure Slight, and they had a son and a daughter. In 1948 he married Gwendoline Jessie Holdcroft.

</doc>
<doc id="18743824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743824" title="Mephistofeles (car)">
Mephistofeles (car)

FIAT Mephistopheles (sometimes known simply as "Mephistopheles") is a one-off racing car created by Ernest Eldridge by combining a Fiat racing car and aeroplane engine in 1923. The name is from the demon of the same name.
Eldridge broke the World Land Speed Record in 1924 with the Mephistopheles, by driving at in Arpajon, France.
The Mephistopheles was created by combining the chassis of the 1908 Fiat SB4 with a 6-cylinder, 21.7 litre (21706 cc) Fiat A.12 aeroplane engine producing .

</doc>
<doc id="18743836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743836" title="Bishop's Orchards">
Bishop's Orchards

Bishop's Orchards is an agricultural operation in Guilford, Connecticut, that serves as a farm, retail market, tourist attraction and winery.
Bishop's Orchards began operating as a family farm in 1871. Over the years, Bishop's Orchards expanded to a farm, with the Bishop family members maintaining control of all duties ranging from corporate decision-making to retail operations to crop maintenance. In 2007, the Bishop family members created a 10-year stock purchase and loan program to ensure a continuation of family ownership.
Bishop's Orchards has attracted tourism via its retail market and seasonal apple- and pumpkin-picking programs; visits by local school groups are also coordinated.
Wind turbine.
In July 2010, the owners of Bishop's Orchards completed a two year study to determine the feasibility of a wind turbine on their property. Utilizing a tower to measure wind speed and direction, it was determined that while it was not economical at this time, the project could be revisited over the next decade.
Winery.
The Bishop's Orchards Winery sells fruit wines made from the apples, peaches, pears and raspberries grown at the farm. It is on the Eastern Connecticut Wine Trail.
Wine festival.
The Shoreline Wine Festival has been held annually at Bishop's Orchards since August 2006. The festival features wineries from the Connecticut Wine Trail as well as any Connecticut producers.

</doc>
<doc id="18743848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743848" title="2002 BellSouth Open">
2002 BellSouth Open

The 2002 BellSouth Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Viña del Mar in Chile and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour. It was the 9th edition of the tournament and ran from February 11 through February 17, 2002. Fernando González won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="18743864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743864" title="Raoul Caudron">
Raoul Caudron

Raoul Caudron born December 7, 1883 in Paris - died June 1, 1958 in Saint Étienne) was a French football Coach
In 1930 Caudron coached France in the first FIFA World Cup. He might not have coached the team had it not been for the secondment of Gaston Barreau who was forced to stay in France due to his work.

</doc>
<doc id="18743866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743866" title="Hernio">
Hernio

Hernio (; also spelled "Ernio") is an iconic summit in the Basque Country very popular with the Gipuzkoans and located right at the heart of the province. The peak is the highest point of a massif extending north-west to south-east, the summit rising by the pass of "Zelatun". Neighbouring summits lined up NW to SE at the range are mount Gazume (997 m) standing west across the summit and mount Herniozabal (1,010 m) closing the range east at the rear. The villages lying at the feet of the mount are Errezil (SW), Alkiza (NE) and Asteasu (N). The summit of Hernio affords to the NW a beautiful view over Azpeitia and the stone bulk of Izarraitz towering over the town.
Access points.
As a popular destination for hikers and locals, Hernio may be reached through various trails setting out from different points.
Iturriotz.
Iturriotz (580 m, the spot is reached through a road up setting out at Andatzarrate -road GI-2631-) is a former country inn, where according to historic accounts Ignatius of Loyola stayed overnight on his journey home from Paris in April 1535. A trail goes up and gains height along the stream Zelatun until the pass of the same name is reached (841 m). At the pass, a cluster of huts are found, and a beaten trail up must be taken on the left that cuts across the side of Hernio. The trail heading south-east, after a long slope is overcome, a couple of zigzags on pebbled soil lead to the top of the mountain. The way up takes 1h30 and back.
Alkiza.
Starting from the road entering Alkiza (344 m high) from the south-west (GI-3630), a concrete track splits off on the left and leaves the houses behind. After a zigzag, a hiking trail heads up south-west along a fence and penetrates in a forest. The route (PR GI-78), shrouded in vegetation, is marked all along on rocks, signposts and trees, with a general direction west running along the mountain range (left). At the final stage before the pass of "Zelatun", the path cuts across a clear landscape on a sloping terrain. From Zelatun, the final stretch as explained above. It takes some 2h30 to the peak and back.
Errezil.
The village lies right at the foot of the mount and therefore stands close to it. Yet this may be the hardest approach on account of its steep ascent. A dust track winds up from the road (GI-2634) to the very pass of "Zelatun", so pick-ups and other SUV vehicles may be found at this spot, sometimes belonging to hunters. The ascent takes roughly 1h45 and back.
Landscape and human presence.
Forest abounds in the massif, with various kinds of trees. In the course of the last century Monterrey pine and larch tree have gained ground at the expense of other autochthonous species. On the north face of the mountain range, beech forests cover the steep terrain. In addition, oak and chestnut tree patches may be found, with some birch trees few and far between. There are some grasslands especially at the north-west, at "Zelatun" and around. Actually, for centuries the pass has borne witness to seasonal migration of cattle from Aralar and even Urbasa to coastal pastures.
The massif has been inhabited for millennia, as attested in the grotto of "Altxerri", where in 1962 wall paintings and rock carvings depicting bison, horses, reindeer, fish and other animals were unearthed.

</doc>
<doc id="18743873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743873" title="The Spiders (band)">
The Spiders (band)

The Spiders were an R&B vocal group from New Orleans, who achieved their greatest fame in the 1950s.
The group was founded as a gospel group in 1947 under the name Zion City Harmonizers, and later sang as the Delta Southernaires, recording and performing on radio under the latter name in 1952-53. Cosimo Matassa convinced them to begin singing secular music, and in 1953 the five-piece signed with Imperial Records under the name "The Spiders". They had a string of U.S. hits in the middle of the decade, including "I Didn't Want to Do It" (R&B #3, 1954), "21" (R&B #9, 1955), and "Witchcraft" (R&B #5, 1956). The last of these was written by Dave Bartholomew and was later covered by Elvis Presley.
Members Joe Maxon and Matthew West left the group in 1955, and were replaced by Issacher Gordon and Bill Moore. Chick Carbo signed with Atlantic Records as a solo artist late in 1956, and by the next year the group had splintered; their last single as a group was 1957's "That's My Desire", though the song "Tennessee Slim", recorded in the middle of the decade, was issued as a single in 1960.
Chuck Carbo later recorded for Rounder Records, releasing an album in 1993; Chick Carbo died in 1998, Chuck in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18743877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743877" title="Das Königsprojekt">
Das Königsprojekt

Das Königsprojekt (English: "The Royal Project") is a German-language science fiction novel by Carl Amery, published in 1974. The book was the first of three Science Fiction novels written by Amery.
Background.
Amery's novel, set mostly in Rome and concerning the Vatican, reflects on his upbringing as a Bavarian Catholic who had studied at the Catholic University of America.
Plot.
The Vatican gains possession of a time machine from Leonardo da Vinci after the inventor's death. Selected members of the Pope's Swiss Guard are sent back in time to alter history in favour of the Catholic Church. All this is supervised by a very small group of church officials and without the specific knowledge of the current Pope.
The Vatican learns that major historical events can't be prevented, only their details can be altered. For example, the Reformation can not be undone, but the details surrounding it can be changed: Martin Luther can't be killed before publishing "The Ninety-Five Theses", but the failed attempt on his life by a time-traveling agent is interpreted by Luther as a visitation by the devil.
In 1688, the "Progetto Reale" (English: "Royal Project") is undertaken by the men in charge of the department. The project's aim is to reestablish Catholicism in England through restoration of the House of Stuart. The Catholic Church perceives the Stuarts as too weak for their purposes and instead selects the Bavarian House of Wittelsbach as an alternative. For the purpose of legalising the claim to the British throne, a member of the Swiss Guard, Arnold Füßli, is sent out to exchange the Stone of Scone for a fake. While this mission succeeds, the stone is deposited at what later becomes a reservoir and is lost for the cause.
The Church's main asset, its loyal Swiss Guard soldier Franz Defunderoll, however, chooses to desert and meet his unsuspecting self in the future.
Eventually, the time machine is destroyed.
In the finale of the book, the rebellious Bavarian-Scottish troops sacrifice themselves in the reservoir attempting to recover the Stone.

</doc>
<doc id="18743899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743899" title="Denise Spellberg">
Denise Spellberg

Denise A. Spellberg (born c. 1958) is an American scholar of Islamic history. She is an associate professor of history and Middle Eastern Studies at the University of Texas at Austin. Spellberg holds a BA from Smith College (1980) and a PhD (1989) from Columbia University.
Academic work.
Spellberg is the author of "Politics, Gender, and the Islamic Past: The Legacy of 'A'isha Bint Abi Bakr", a widely cited work on the portrayal of Aisha in Islamic tradition. In particular, Spellberg shows how later commentators reinterpreted Aisha’s role at the Battle of Camel (656,) where she rode her camel into battle against Ali but stayed inside the litter with the curtains closed, as an argument that women should never participate in public affairs.
"The Jewel of Medina".
In 2008 Spellberg was involved in a controversy over Sherry Jones' historical novel "The Jewel of Medina". Random House, which intended to publish the novel later that year, had sent Spellberg galley proofs, hoping for a publishable comment. Spellberg sharply criticized the novel from a historical perspective, and also reportedly told Random House publishing the book might result in violence by radical Muslims. Subsequently, Random House indefinitely postponed publication, citing concerns about violence from extremists. Asra Nomani wrote about the events in an opinion piece for "The Wall Street Journal", in which she characterized Spellberg as "the instigator of the trouble". In the wake of Nomani's article, a number of publications printed pieces criticizing Spellberg's actions as tantamount to advocating censorship. Spellberg responded with a letter in the "Wall Street Journal" contesting Nomani's characterization of her as the "instigator" of the book's cancellation. She wrote that she was not advocating censorship, but rather offering her professional assessment of the book and a warning about the potential reaction from some Muslims.
Religious and civil rights.
Spellberg has advocated the protection of the civil rights of Americans, telling a seminar audience on "Preventing another September 11," that, "Now more than ever, all of us need to stand together. United is not simply against violence but for the protection of the religions and civil rights of all citizens of this country." 
Thomas Jefferson's Qur'an.
In 2013 Spellberg published "Thomas Jefferson's Qur'an: Islam and the Founders". The book discusses a copy of the Qur'an owned by Thomas Jefferson as well as Jefferson's views on Islam, arguing that his vision for religious freedom in the United States specifically included Muslims.

</doc>
<doc id="18743900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743900" title="Luperina testacea">
Luperina testacea

The Flounced Rustic "(Luperina testacea)" is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 30–35 mm. The length of the forewings is 14–18 mm. The moth flies in one generation from mid July to early October .
The larvae feed on various grasses and grains.

</doc>
<doc id="18743906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743906" title="Wawel Kraków">
Wawel Kraków

Wawel Kraków is a Polish football club based in Kraków, Poland. It was founded in 1919.
Wawel Kraków was the first Polish club to win the Polish League Cup back in 1952. They won the final against their rivals from Cracovia Kraków, by beating them 5-1.
Honours.
National Honours.
http://www.wawel-klub.pl/zelonywawel.jpg

</doc>
<doc id="18743910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743910" title="Master Gear">
Master Gear

The Master Gear, Master Gear Converter, or Master Gear Adaptor is a handheld game console peripheral invented by "King-Ho So" for "Kalplus Limited" with the purpose of allowing 50-pin Master System cartridges to fit into and function on a Game Gear.
Design And Features.
Utilizing 36 wires, two PCBs, and a 50-pin cartridge connector, the Master Gear maps most, but not all of the data lines of a Master System to their Game Gear equivalents. All of the previously described components are retained within a four-part plastic enclosure by eight screws and double-sided adhesive tape, along with a single, spring-loaded mounting screw.
Effect on the Host Console.
Once the converter is in use, the Game Gear's EXT. port acts as control port 2 and the start button is digitally remapped in order to allow Master System software to be paused. Monaural audio is output exclusively through either the internal speaker or headphone jack, since the Master System did not have stereo sound capabilities. The digital video output becomes compressed in order to reduce image cropping.
Incompatibilities.
Due to the lack of a 44-pin cartridge connector or 35-pin card connector, all My Card/Sega Card titles, in addition to Japanese and Korean cartridge releases, do not natively work. Games that require the Sports Pad, Paddle Control, Light Phaser, or SegaScope 3-D glasses cannot be fully utilized. While the Master Gear is attached to the host console, additional peripherals that require use of the mounting bracket or battery compartments cannot be attached.

</doc>
<doc id="18743945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743945" title="Bangladeshi cricket team in South Africa in 2008–09">
Bangladeshi cricket team in South Africa in 2008–09

The Bangladesh cricket team toured South Africa from 5 to 30 November 2008. They played two Test matches, one Twenty20 International and three One Day Internationals against South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18743949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743949" title="Gaspard Terrasson">
Gaspard Terrasson

Gaspard Terrasson (October 1680 – 2 January 1752) was a French Oratorian, teaching humanities and afterwards philosophy, and later a well-known preacher.
Life.
Terrasson was born at Lyon. His oratorical talents were revealed at Troyes, 1711, on delivering the funeral oration of the Dauphin, son of Louis XIV; but he did not devote himself to preaching till after the death in 1723 of his brother André Terrasson, when he fulfilled several engagements which the latter had made. For five years he preached at Paris, and finally delivered a Lenten course in the Church of Notre Dame. 
He appealed repeatedly against the papal bull "Unigenitus"; he was the anonymous author of twelve "Lettres sur la justice chrétienne" (Paris, 1733), in which, to support the Jansenists whom the bishops deprived of the sacraments, he endeavoured to prove the inutility of sacramental confession. This work was condemned by the faculty of theology at Paris (1 Sept., 1734), and by the Archbishops of Sens and Embrun, as containing erroneous, schismatical and heretical assertions. 
Terrasson had to leave the Oratory and abandon preaching. He withdrew to the Diocese of Auxerre where the bishop, Charles de Caylus, a well-known Jansenist, confided to him the care of Treigni. But he was soon arrested (Oct., 1735) by the order of the king for his Jansenistic activities, and was confined during nine years either at Vincennes or with the Minims of Argenteuil. A belated retraction, the authenticity or sincerity of which has never been well established, was attributed to him. He was living in retirement with his family when he died at Paris.
Works.
A volume of his discourses appeared at Utrecht in 1733, but the first real edition was at Paris in 1744 (4 vols.). The sermons of the two brothers were reprinted by Migne in his "Collection des orateurs sacrés", XXIX (Paris, 1849).

</doc>
<doc id="18743974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743974" title="Luton Workhouse">
Luton Workhouse

Luton Workhouse was a workhouse situated on Dunstable Road in Luton. Several of the buildings still exist today. Following the introduction of the National Health Service in 1948 the site became St Mary's Hospital and the remaining buildings are now listed and are used as a residential care home for the elderly.
Early Workhouses in Bedfordshire.
There were several workhouses in the Luton and South Bedfordshire area. Luton itself had a workhouse from 1722 which was the subject of a report in "An Account of Several Workhouses" dated September 17, 1724.
Over the next 50 years the Luton workhouse grew and by 1775 it was able to house up to 80 inmates. 
Neighbouring Dunstable had a poorhouse from as early as 1592 located on the High Street. In 1775 it could house up to 20 inmates. In 1795, the poor in Dunstable were "farmed" by a contractor who in 1795 received 3s.6d. a week for each pauper maintained in the workhouse by the time of it closed in 1836, the Dunstable workhouse held 42 inmates. 
A workhouse also operated at nearby Caddington from 1725. A parliamentary report of 1777 recorded further workhouses in operation in Eaton Bray and Houghton Regis, both capable of housing up to 20 inmates. A report on the Sundon workhouse in 1718 revealed it to be in a filthy condition. 
New Workhouse.
The Marquis of Bute, who was a large local landowner and lord of the Manor of Luton petitioned hard for the setting up of the Luton Poor Law Union. Like many large landowners, Lord Bute was keen for his estates to fall within a single moderately-sized union, so as to maximise his influence on the new Board of Guardians. The new Luton Union was formed on 16 April 1835 with its operation overseen by a board of 21 elected guardians who represented the 15 local parishes. The population within the Luton Union at the 1831 census had been 15,483 with parishes ranging in size from Whipsnade (population 204) to Luton (5,683).
These were:
Later Additions from 1896: Hyde, Leagrave, Limbury, Stopsley.
At the first meeting, the Board elected the Marquis of Bute as its Chairman. Lord Bute donated a piece of land on which to erect a new workhouse at the west side of Dunstable Road. 
The Poor Law Commissioners appointed John Williams as architect and the building opened in 1836 with space for up to 300 inmates. The building had an unusual layout incorporating elements of two other popular Workhouse layouts, Sampson Kempthorne's square plan and the courtyard plan devised by Sir Francis Head. The original structure had a courtyard-style outer perimeter of two-storeyed accommodation ranges, rooms in the upper storey being accessed by cast-iron galleries attached to the inner sides. The centre of entrance block on Dunstable Road formed the eastern side of a quadrangle and contained the Guardians' board room, offices etc. Males were accommodated at the north side of the workhouse, and females at the south.

</doc>
<doc id="18743986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18743986" title="Halamish">
Halamish

Halamish (. "lit." Flint), also known as Neveh Tzuf (, lit. "Nectar Home"), is a communal Israeli settlement in the West Bank, located in the southwestern Samarian hills to the north of Ramallah, 10.7 kilometers east of the Green line. The Orthodox Jewish community with a population of 1,054 (2009) was established in 1977. It falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Binyamin Regional Council.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
According to a Peace Now-report of 2006, 33 percent of the land Neveh Tzuf is built on, is privately owned, all or most of it by Palestinians. even though the Supreme Court of Israel had ruled during the time of the village's founding that the land was state land.
The settlement of Neveh Tzuf has several outposts, and is home to the religious pre-army Mechina Elisha.
History.
On 16 October 1977, two groups of settlers, one religious, calling itself “Neveh Tzuf” and one secular, called “Neveh Tzelah” with a total of 40 families moved into the abandoned former British Tegart fort building near the Palestinian village Nabi Salih. 
The original name of the settlement, Neveh Tzuf, was rejected by the government naming committee, arguing that it might be misleading since the biblical location, Eretz Tzuf, was elsewhere. The naming committee gave the new settlement the official name 'Halamish' instead, and since this was rejected by the settlers, both names are used for the settlement.
Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Upon the first work preparing the land, residents of the nearby Palestinian village Deir Nidham went to the Supreme Court of Israel and claimed ownership of the Havlata Hill, which is now in the centre of Halamish. Based on aerial photos from the turn of the 20th century, showing the disputed land to be barren, and Ottoman Empire land law specifying that land not worked for over ten years becomes state land, the land on that hill was declared state land and freed for settlement constructions. This court ruling became the precedent for future land ownership disputes.
The residents of the nearby Palestinian village of Nabi Salih regularly protest against the takeover of a spring by settlers of Halamish, declared an "antiquities site" by the Civil Administration, which is located on private land belonging to inhabitants of Nabi Salih, as well as against being prevented from working the fields around the spring. The protests regularly lead to violent clashes, with Palestinian youths throwing stones and Israeli forces firing on protesters with tear gas, rubber bullets, and water cannons. Since the end of 2009, 64 people (13% of the village's population) has been arrested by Israeli forces.
Bassem al-Tamimi, one of the leaders of the protests, who was declared a human rights defender by the European Union and a prisoner of conscience by Amnesty International, has been arrested twelve times to date. On 24 March 2011 he was arrested and charged with incitement, holding a march without a permit, sending youths to throw stones, and perverting the course of justice. After an 11-month military trial, he was cleared of the central charge of incitement and of perverting the course of justice by an Israeli military court, but found guilty of taking part in illegal demonstrations and of soliciting protesters to throw stones largely based on the testimony of two Palestinian youths aged 14 and 15.

</doc>
<doc id="18744005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744005" title="1989 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships">
1989 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships

The 1989 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Plovdiv, Bulgaria.
The men's competition consisted of eight Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Five events were held for the women, all in kayak. Men's C-4 500 m and C-4 1000 m were added along with women's K-1 5000 m and K-2 5000 m.
This was the 22nd championships in canoe sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="18744011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744011" title="Elviemek">
Elviemek

Elviemek is a major Greek producer of explosives, founded in 1960. The company has been known internationally, mainly for its grenades and mines.
In 1995 it was acquired by the "Econ" group of companies, a Greek conglomerate founded in 1950 and specializing in high-tech products such as electronics, optics, sensors and defence equipment. By 1999 the company was in financial ruin following the collapse of the Econ group, and was acquired by "Ellinobalkaniki". By 2005 it had diversified into real estate management, technically retaining its explosives division (although production had stopped), but a number of loss-making ventures lead to new economic troubles for the company. 

</doc>
<doc id="18744020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744020" title="Juan Carlos Carrizo">
Juan Carlos Carrizo

Juan Carlos Carrizo (born 3 June 1987 in San Miguel de Tucumán) is an Argentine football midfielder who plays for Huracán.
Club career.
Carrizo started his football career in the youth divisions of San Lorenzo. He moved to PSV Eindhoven in 2005 but has not made a first-team appearance. Next season Carrizo was loaned to Elche CF. In 2007 he was loaned again to Olimpo. PSV released him in the summer of 2008.
In 2009 he joined Club Atlético Huracán.

</doc>
<doc id="18744021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744021" title="Marefa">
Marefa

Marefa (in Arabic: المعرفة; literally "knowledge") is an not-for-profit online encyclopedia project that uses the wiki system to provide a free Arabic encyclopedia similar to Wikipedia. It was set up by Nayel Shafei on February 16, 2007. Sister projects include Manuscript documentation, Sources, Collaborative books, forums, Blogsphere, E-mail accounts (with unlimited storage), Video/Audio library.
In September, 2007, Marefa received 25,000 manuscripts and old books, in Arabic script, from the Government of India. These are scanned images of books stored in and around Osmania University, Hyderabad, India. The books are in Arabic, Persian and Ottoman Turkish. Marefa started the electronic publishing of them, immediately, and made them available for free. University of North Carolina (UNC) puts Marefa as one of top eight sources for Arabic Manuscripts, with notable global cultural centers of Arabic heritage, like, Süleymaniye Library, Istanbul, and Azhar University, Cairo. Middle East Librarian Association recommends the Marefa to its members, and its cited Marefa's receipt of 25,000 Arabic and Persian books and manuscripts from the Government of India.
Multimedia.
In addition to articles and original manuscripts, Marefa offers a vast variety of multimedia projects for its visitors. On the home page, viewers can find developing news stories from around the world, updated daily. Marefa recently added a video library where visitors can watch clips uploaded by administrators and other visitors.
In Spring 2009, Marefa began offering weekly live Webinar lectures for site visitors. Marefa members and visitors from around the world discuss pressing global issues, on the Webinar, by hooking up webcams and microphones to their computers and communicating with each other in real time. The weekly Webinar features a guest lecturer speaking about his or her area of expertise. Past Webinars have included talks on the Yemeni secession movement, 2009 Iranian national elections, and historic roots of current crisis in Somalia.
Marefa offers e-mail accounts to members who choose to sign up for such service.
Relationship with Wikipedia.
The founder of Marefa, Nayel Shafei, was in 2005-06, one of the contributors to Arabic Wikipedia in number of different articles. After what he describes as a takeover of the Arabic Wikipedia that culminated in banning him, he stopped contributing to it, and formed Marefa.
Marefa started with content from several permitting sources including Wikipedia. Marefa uses Wiki-format for its site but provides articles on individuals, issues, and items often not found on the Arabic Wikipedia site. Marefa often uses content from the English and Arabic sites for baseline material, but Marefa provides additional details, sources, images, multimedia, and commentary for articles that may not be found on the Arabic Wikipedia site. Marefa's articles are in Arabic but also have a multilingual linking system in which alternative language editions of a given article in Marefa are linked to Wikipedia editions in those languages.

</doc>
<doc id="18744040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744040" title="Skånetrafiken">
Skånetrafiken

Skånetrafiken is the regional public transportation authority and operator in Skåne län, in the south of Sweden.
Skånetrafiken was founded in 1999 when the two counties Kristianstads län and Malmöhus län were merged into one region. During this merger the two respective transport authorities were amalgamated. Presently, Skånetrafiken is a part of the regional government of Region Skåne.
The principal mission of Skånetrafiken is to plan for and market public transport in Skåne as well as procure and organise the work of private transport companies who run the transport services for Skånetrafiken. The private companies offer bids to run routes or staff certain functions for Skånetrafiken.
The main office is located in Hässleholm with a second office in Lund. The managing director of Skånetrafiken is Magnus Hedin.
Public transport services.
Skånetrafiken organise train services on several lines within Skåne, called Pågatåg, which are currently delivered under contract by Arriva. These are supplemented by the Öresundståg, regional train services which cross into Denmark and neighbouring counties in Sweden. The entire Öresundståg network is operated by DSBFirst, a consortium of the Danish national railway DSB and Britain’s FirstGroup; prior to 2009, these trains were operated jointly by DSB on the Danish side, and their Swedish counterpart SJ on the Swedish side.
Urban bus services are available in 10 cities and towns in Skåne with the majority of services in Malmö, Helsingborg and Lund. Regional buses routes that connect cities and town operate throughout Skåne. A colour scheme is used to distinguish urban from regional/inter-urban buse: the former are green whereas the latter are yellow. On a similar principle, Pågatåg trains are painted mauve with a red stripe, while Öresundståg vehicles are primarily silver-grey.
Skånetrafiken makes a distinction between three sub-types of yellow regional buses: Pendeln, which are frequent commuter bus lines (between for example Höganäs and Helsingborg, or between Lund and Malmö); SkåneExpressen, which travel greater distances between larger towns with few stops (similar in a sense to trains) and which cater to long-distance travellers; and the other, remaining, regional buses which Skånetrafiken has yet to differentiate and give a name.
Depending on the results of the bidding process, different bus companies are awarded contracts for bus lines. The principal bus companies running bus services for Skånetrafiken are Veolia Transport, Arriva, Swebus, and Bergkvarabuss.
Some services for transportation of handicapped people are also run by Skånetrafiken under the name of Serviceresor. Additionally, Skånetrafiken operates a boat service between Landskrona harbour and the island of Ven.
Buses to/from airports are not formally a part of Skånetrafiken at this time.
Some train and bus services between Skåne and the adjoining counties of Blekinge, Halland and Kronoberg are organised in conjunction with corresponding regional transit authorities in the respectice counties.
Patronage/ridership.
Skånetrafiken has been experiencing increasing patronage on all of it services and most of it lines for a number of years. Figures for 2006 to 2008 appear below:
Note that the "Trains within Skåne" fields are an estimate based on number of tickets sold by Skånetrafiken.
Tickets, prices and ticketing system.
Since Skånetrafiken manages all public transport in Skåne, tickets can be transferable between lines and services. Furthermore, a passenger can buy a ticket on an urban bus in one city for a combined ride by bus – train – bus to a final destination in another city. This ease of ticketing may have been a contributing factor to the positive development in patronage since the inception of Skånetrafiken in 1999.
Skåne is divided into a number of zones. The price of a trip is determined by the number of zones crossed during a particular journey. The cost of a trip on an urban buses in only one zone will vary slightly between cities and towns.
Tickets can be purchased in cash, as part of a debitcard system, or via a 30 day transit pass. Tickets for single journeys on buses are bought from the driver. From 2009 both debitcard and passes are contact-less cards called "jojo". On buses, the card is held in front of the card reader on board. On trains, debit card holders buy a ticket in advance from machines on or near the platform. Pass holders just board the trains.
The debitcard can be refilled with cash (i.e. trips) at Skånetrafikens Customer Centres or at an affiliated organization. 30 day passes can be bought at the same locations. The 30 day passes can be purchased for a varying number of specified zones. An entire county 30 day pass is also available.
Prices are set by Skånetrafiken. During recent years prices have gone up, in part to finance new trains. There is no senior citizen discount. However, recently 17-19 year olds have been reclassified as "children" who thus pay only half the adult fare. This, according to Skånetrafiken, is part of a long term goal of increasing patronage as the habit of using public transportation over cars should be reinforced during the later teenage years.
Criticism.
The entire ticketing system in Skåne was switched in 2009 when the debit card and 30-day commuter cards have been merged into a common smart card system. Originally, this conversion was planned to be operational by 2007.
Skånetrafiken has been criticised, particularly in 2007, for not being sufficiently quick and decisive in response to increases in patronage. The success of some routes has been so good that overcrowding has plagued some train and bus services for months with no response on the part of Skånetrafiken; this has been particularly the case for rush-hour train service to and from Denmark. There has been more criticism during 2009/2010: for crowding in the Malmö station which is being rebuilt. Skånetrafiken claims to have made changes in internal decision procedures to catch these problems more quickly in the future. The Malmö Central station has no room for more trains until a new tunnel is opened in the winter 2010–2011. It is not possible to rent or buy any old train for the traffic to Denmark, since both rail authorities have many requirements meaning custom made trains must be bought. New trains have now been ordered.

</doc>
<doc id="18744044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744044" title="Chromosome landing">
Chromosome landing

The genetic technique of chromosome landing is a method of cloning of a gene of interest from a clone library. It is based on the principle that the expected average between-marker distances can be smaller than the average insert length of a clone library containing the gene of interest. 
From the abstract of PMID 7716809 -

</doc>
<doc id="18744049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744049" title="The Viral Factory">
The Viral Factory

The Viral Factory is a full-service advertising agency based in Shoreditch, United Kingdom.
History.
The Viral Factory was founded in 2001 by Ed Robinson and Matt Smith. 
Their first venture was a collaboration with director Adam Stewart and creatives Richard Peretti and Gary Lathwell to create Headrush, an in-house promotional viral which gained the fledging company its first web audience. Another collaboration with Adam Stewart; Moontruth aided in establishing the viral as a tool for public and media notoriety.
One of The Viral Factory’s first major corporate campaigns was a series of virals for the United States brand Trojan Condoms U.K / European launch. This in turn led to an increase in global blue chip clients and further viral campaigns with brands such as Microsoft, Ford and Coca-Cola. 
In 2010 The Viral Factory closed its USA branch.
Style and content.
The Viral Factory work on feeding basic human emotions with anarchic versions of reality to get their client's message across, often using a mockumentry film technique or computer generated animation to convince the viewer that the footage is real.
The Viral Factory has, on occasions, used ‘covert seeding’ to amplify the supposed authenticity of their footage, particularly in the Levi ‘Freedom to Move’ campaign of 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18744071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744071" title="Chuck Carbo">
Chuck Carbo

Hayward "Chuck" Carbo (1926–2008) was an American R&B singer, best known for his time as a vocalist in the New Orleans group The Spiders.
Carbo sang with his brother, Leonard "Chick" Carbo, in The Spiders, who recorded for Imperial Records in the 1950s and scored a string of hits on the U.S. Black Singles chart. After his brother launched a solo career, Chuck Carbo also recorded as a solo artist, cutting discs for Imperial, Rex, and Ace.
Carbo continued to perform intermittently for the next several decades, though he took odd jobs (including as a truck driver) whenever he could not make a living performing. In 1989, he recorded a version of the song "Meet Me with Your Black Drawers On", by Jeannie & Jimmy Cheatham, which led to a comeback album on Rounder Records in 1993 featuring Dr. John and Edward Frank. A second full-length followed in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18744088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744088" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Agats">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Agats

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Agats () is a diocese located in the city of Agats in the Ecclesiastical province of Merauke in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18744106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744106" title="Al-Houriya">
Al-Houriya

Al-Houriya (, meaning "Freedom") is a weekly Arabic language newspaper in Mauritania. The director of the newspaper is Mohamed Nema Oumar.

</doc>
<doc id="18744114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744114" title="Strumyani">
Strumyani

Strumyani (, pronounced ; also transliterated "Strumjani" or "Strumiani") is a village in southwestern Bulgaria, part of Blagoevgrad Province. It is the administrative centre of Strumyani Municipality, which lies in the southwestern part of Blagoevgrad Province.
Strumyani was founded as a railway station on the Sofia-Kulata line named "Gara Ograzhden" ("Ograzhden Station"). In 1970, it was merged with the village of Mikrevo to form Strumyani, but the two villages were later separated; however, Strumyani kept its present name. The name means "people of the Struma", as the river runs nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="18744129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744129" title="Essex National Heritage Commission">
Essex National Heritage Commission

The Essex National Heritage Commission (ENHC) is a non-profit organization charted to oversee the Essex National Heritage Area, a National Heritage Area composed of all of Essex County, Massachusetts.
The commission promotes the cultural heritage with public and private partnerships and with the National Park Service by developing programs that enhance, preserve and encourage regional awareness of the area's unique historic, cultural and natural resources.
The commission is based in Salem.
Events and Programs.
The organization has sponsored a number of events and programs that celebrate the region’s history, character and cultural heritage. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="18744139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744139" title="The Jewel of Medina">
The Jewel of Medina

The Jewel of Medina is a historical novel by Sherry Jones. It was scheduled for publication by Random House in 2008, but subsequently cancelled; it was subsequently announced that it would be published by Beaufort Books in the United States and by Gibson Square in the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth. Eventually it was published in the U.S. by Beaufort Books. The novel tells a fictionalized version of the life of Aisha, one of the wives of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, and the person who reportedly accompanied him as he received most of his revelations. The novel tells Aisha's story from the age of six, when she was betrothed to Muhammad, to his death.
Cancelled publication.
In 2007, Random House bought the publication rights to "The Jewel of Medina" in a $100,000, two-book contract. The novel was scheduled to be published on August 12, 2008. The Book of the Month Club had agreed to feature the novel in its August 2008 issue, and Quality Paperback Book Club was due to follow suit in January 2009. The novel's original marketing blurb read, "Married at nine to the much-older Muhammad, Aisha uses her wits, her courage, and her sword to defend her first-wife status even as Muhammad marries again and again, taking 12 wives and concubines in all."
Denise Spellberg.
According to an opinion article by Asra Nomani in "The Wall Street Journal", the original publication plans began to unravel when Random House received an email from University of Texas Professor of history and Middle Eastern Studies Denise Spellberg, which was critical of the book and suggested its publication may inspire violent reactions from some Muslims. Random House's publicity department had sent Spellberg galleys of the novel, hoping for publishable comments from her. Instead, she found the book a "very ugly, stupid piece of work", and suggested that it may elicit violence akin to past controversies over "The Satanic Verses" and the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons. Similarly, Jane Garrett, an editor at Random House's Knopf imprint, said in an email that Spellberg had told her by phone that she thought the novel should be withdrawn due to "a very real possibility of major danger for the building and staff and widespread violence." Garrett also claimed Spellberg described the book as "a declaration of war...explosive stuff...a national security issue." Shortly thereafter, Random House cancelled publication. 
Nomani also wrote that Shahed Amanullah, a guest lecturer in Spellberg's classes and the editor of altmuslim.com, a popular Muslim Web site, sent emails to a listserv of Middle East and Islamic studies graduate students about the book. Amanullah later stated he had received a "frantic call" from Spellberg who "was upset", telling him that the novel "made fun of Muslims and their history," and asked him to "warn Muslims" about the book since "she found it incredibly offensive.".
In the wake of Nomani's article "The Washington Post" published an editorial criticizing Random House's decision to "dump" the book "waiting for an actual uproar in the Muslim world";, "The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette", and the "Las Vegas Review-Journal" were also critical of Random House's decision to cancel the book's publication. Irshad Manji wrote in "The Globe and Mail" that pre-emptive censorship was offensive to Muslims, while poet and literary critic Adam Kirsch criticized Spellberg and Random House for depriving the Muslim reading public of the freedom to reimagine their religious tradition through the eyes of a novelist. University of Pennsylvania adjunct lecturer Carlin Romano, writing in "The Chronicle of Higher Education", criticized Spellberg for her "aggressive act" in working to cancel publication, for effectually advocating censorship, and what she claimed were Spellberg's "disingenuous" attempts to deny that she had played an instrumental role in the Random House decision.
Spellberg subsequently wrote a letter to the "Wall Street Journal" contesting Nomani's characterization of her as the "instigator" of the book's cancellation. Spellberg stated that "I felt it was my professional responsibility to counter this novel's fallacious representation of a very real woman's life." However, she insisted that "I do not espouse censorship of any kind, but I do value my right to critique those who abuse the past without regard for its richness or resonance in the present." She also stated that "The author and the press brought me into a process, and I used my scholarly expertise to assess the novel. It was in that same professional capacity that I felt it my duty to warn the press of the novel's potential to provoke anger among some Muslims." Regarding her "frantic" phone call to Shahed Amanullah, Spellberg said she had only intended to call the book to his attention, and that he had apparently misunderstood her intentions. Spellberg also stated that since the story broke she has received hate mail and been roundly pilloried online, stating that "they are calling me an opponent of free speech, saying I am a supporter of Muslim extremists".
Statement from Random House for Cancellation.
Random House released a public statement about the decision not to publish the book:
Responses.
Jones told Reuters: "I have deliberately and consciously written respectfully about Islam and Mohammed… I envisioned that my book would be a bridge-builder." She wrote in a blog for "The Washington Post" that she was "chagrined to realize the far-reaching ramifications of this historic decision to quash a work of art before it could even reach the public eye."
Salman Rushdie, author of "The Satanic Verses", criticized Random House for the decision, saying, "This is censorship by fear and it sets a very bad precedent indeed." Andrew Franklin, who worked for Penguin Books when they published "The Satanic Verses" and is now the publisher of Profile Books, described the decision as "absolutely shocking" and called the Random House editors "such cowards". Geoffrey Robertson, who received terrorist threats for representing Rushdie, said that Random House should pay Jones "substantial compensation" and recommended that the book be placed on a website "so everyone can read it".
Writing in his blog for "The New York Times", Stanley Fish disagreed with the characterization of the controversy as "censorship", arguing that "Random House is free to publish or decline to publish whatever it likes, and its decision to do either has nothing whatsoever to do with the Western tradition of free speech or any other high-sounding abstraction. …cancellation doesn’t rise to the level of constitutional or philosophical concern. And it is certainly not an episode in some 'showdown between Islam and the Western tradition of free speech.' Formulations like that at once inflate a minor business decision and trivialize something too important and complex to be reduced to a high-school civics lesson about the glories of the First Amendment." Fish argued that the term "censorship" should be restricted to cases in which a governmental body interferes with the expression of ideas. However, linguist Bill Poser, writing on the Language Log blog, disagreed with Fish's interpretation, arguing that "he Enlightenment value of freedom of expression does not lead only to restrictions on the powers of government: it requires that all of us tolerate expression that we may find offensive. A free society cannot permit anyone, government, corporation, church, or individual, to decide what may and what may not be published. That a publisher should cancel publication of a novel out of fear of violence by religious fanatics has everything to do with the Western tradition of free speech. It is a disturbing reminder that this tradition is not universal and that it is at present subject to very real threats."
Subsequent planned publication.
On September 4, 2008, it was announced that British publisher Gibson Square would publish "The Jewel of Medina" in the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth. Gibson Square publisher Martin Rynja called for "open access to literary works, regardless of fear" and said, "If a novel of quality and skill that casts light on a beautiful subject we know too little of in the West, but have a genuine interest in, cannot be published here, it would truly mean that the clock has been turned back to the dark ages." In a press release, Rynja added, "I was bowled over by the novel and the moving love story and interesting but unknown history it portrays. I was struck by the research of Sherry Jones, who is a journalist with almost 30 years of experience, her literary imagination and passion for the novel's characters." Commenting on the decision by Gibson Square, Alvaro Vargas Llosa, a Latin American author, wrote in a widely published article for "The New Republic": "The book's content — which has been described, promisingly, as being full of sex and violence — is irrelevant to the discussion. It may well be, as one scholar who read it contends, that "The Jewel of Medina" is pure trash." He closes his essay with: "I am not interested in the reasons why Gibson Square has decided to publish the book — whether opportunism, greed, love of scandal, a dislike of the prophet, or a belief in the merits of the novel. But the fact that someone, somewhere, is willing to run the risk of not letting the threat of violence inhibit free expression is tremendously comforting."
On September 27, 2008 Martin Rynja's house in London was firebombed, apparently by individuals opposed to the publication. Three men were arrested on suspicion of commissioning, preparing or instigating acts of terrorism; radical Islamic clerics such as Anjem Choudhary warned of further attacks. The three men were caught because officers had been watching them in an intelligence-led surveillance operation; they were later found guilty of conspiracy to recklessly damage property and endanger life.
After the arson attempt, the publisher issued a statement saying that Jones had decided to indefinitely postpone publication of the book. Jones denies doing so, and says that the decision was entirely the publisher's.
On September 5, 2008, it was announced that American publisher Beaufort Books (previously best known as the publishers of "If I Did It" by O. J. Simpson) would publish "The Jewel of Medina" in America. According to Jones' agent, Natasha Kern, "about a dozen" other publishers had expressed interest in the novel, but some had backed off due to "possible threats". Kern said that Beaufort was giving Jones a smaller advance than Random House had, but a higher rate of royalties. Beaufort's president, Eric Kampmann, said in a press release, "We are building a great team to bring "The Jewel of Medina" to the audience it deserves to have. Everyone at Beaufort is proud to be associated with this ground breaking novel."
International publication.
The book was first officially published in Serbia, in August 2008. After strong reactions from the Serbian Muslim community, Serbian publisher "Beobook" withdrew it from stores, but after a few weeks, the publisher decided to return it to the stores, because of a large number of pirate copies of the book. In Serbia, the book was the number-one bestseller for at least two months.
As of December 2008, the book had been published in five countries—the US, Germany, Denmark, Serbia, and Italy—with no repercussions. It will debut in Spain Feb. 4. Plans for publication are underway in other countries, including Hungary, Brazil, Russia, Republic of Macedonia, Finland, and Poland; there have also been negotiations with publishers in Sweden and The Netherlands.
Reviews and critical responses.
Jones provided the manuscript of "The Jewel of Medina" to Islamic website IslamOnline.net, where the novel was reviewed on August 18, 2008 by writer and poet Marwa Elnaggar. Elnaggar criticizes the book for its inaccurate portrayal of pre-Islamic Arab culture (including non-Arabic customs such as bowing and purdah), and suggests that Jones was influenced by "the idea of the exotic and mystical Orient." Elnaggar describes "The Jewel of Medina" as "an attempt by a Western writer with little knowledge of Arabic, Arabia, Islam, and Muslims using her own Western, 21st century values, ideals and emotions to portray an unrecognizable version of the well-known and well-documented story of `A’ishah." However, Elnaggar argues that despite the novel's "inaccuracies, its faults, and its biases", its publication should not be stopped. On September 2, 2008 Elnaggar published Jones' response to her review to "present as many sides of an issue as possible" and "for the sake of objectivity" approached the writer and invited her to an interview where she can express her own point of view and clarify many questions that were raised. Unfortunately, Jones said that her publishers have asked her not to speak before the book is published. Instead, Jones sent Elnaggar a column where she speaks about "The Jewel of Medina" and the motives behind writing it. However, Jones has promised Elnaggar an interview after the novel is published. On October 11, 2008 Elnagger wrote "A Second Look at Jewel of Medina".
Indian Muslim writer Farzana Versey criticized Jones' prose and perspective, based on the published excerpts: "It would be unfair to tar the whole book based on the Prologue, but it gives a credible peek into the language and lack of nuance the author employs. ... Apparently, Ms. Jones for all her two years of research has managed a version of chick lit, where Aisha gets in confessional mode and in a Mills and Boon fashion 'leans on her husband', 'falls into his arms', and in a rather treacly account relates that 'the pain of consummation soon melted away. Muhammad was so gentle. I hardly felt the scorpion's sting. To be in his arms, skin to skin, was the bliss I had longed for all my life.' At age nine or eleven, the 'all my life' seems rather a stretch." Versey also criticizes Asra Nomani's perspective that fictional accounts can "humanize" Islamic history: "If people do believe in a certain faith, then let them decide on how to define their belief. That too constitutes freedom of speech. Fictional accounts of this nature only serve as trashy one-upmanship. They do not humanize or, alas, even demonize religion."
Egyptian writer Ethar El-Katatney reviewed the novel on October 6, 2008 in an article for "Egypt Today" entitled "Flawed Jewel" and interviewed both Sherry Jones and Denise Spellberg. She critiqued the book and offered both Jones and Spellberg the opportunity to answer her critiques.". El-Katatney also made a telephone interview with Jones publicly accessible. The transcript of the interview is available online. On October 7, 2008 El-Katatney wrote an op-ed entitled 'The "Flawed" Jewel of Medina' to which Jones responded to directly.
On October 6, 2008 a Muslim organisation run by British Islamist Anjem Choudary and Omar Bakri Muhammad wrote an article on the novel, referring to it as a "blasphemous book" and to Jones as "an enemy of Islam and author of this heinous book" and her "illicit portrayal of the marriage" of Muhammad and ‘Aisha. The organisation states that ""The Jewel of Medina" is a book that accurately reflects the current temperament of the disbelievers" and that it "is yet another chapter in the continuing war against Islam and Muslims that reveals the burning hatred harboured in the hearts of the disbelievers." Jones responded to this article directly, stating that, "I extend the hand of peace with a book that is respectful. Please do not judge my book by the slander being spread about it! I urge you to read "The Jewel of Medina" and see for yourselves that I am respectful toward Islam and your Prophet. Just as I have publicly refused to judge all Muslims by the actions of a violent few, I ask you to judge me and my book by the actual contents of "The Jewel of Medina." Already I have been criticized by non-Muslims as "pandering" to Muslims with my book because it portrays the Prophet Muhammad as a gentle, compassionate, wise leader and man respectful toward women and his wives. Several reviews have been posted already, including a review in "Egypt Today", in which the author, a Muslim, says that I have written very favorably about the Prophet. You may not like my book or agree with it, but it does not insult Islam or Muhammad!"
"The New York Times Book Review" gave the novel a rather scathing review. They lean more towards the novel being historical fiction. Reviewer Lorraine Adams notes that "an inexperienced, untalented author has naively stepped into an intense and deeply sensitive intellectual argument" and that "Jones' prose is lamentable".
Sequel.
According to the author, several sequels to the book are in the works. A German publisher will publish a sequel to the novel entitled "A’isha: The Legacy of the Prophet" and Beaufort Books published the U.S. sequel, titled "The Sword of Medina" October 15, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18744155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744155" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Jayapura">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jayapura

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jayapura () is a diocese located in the city of Jayapura in the Ecclesiastical province of Merauke in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18744178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744178" title="Mike Hebert">
Mike Hebert

Mike Hebert is a retired American volleyball coach. 
He coached since 1976 and in his career, he coached Pittsburgh men and women's team, New Mexico women's team, Illinois women's team, and Minnesota women's team. He announced his retirement at the conclusion of the 2010 season.
Early life.
Hebert is a native of Long Beach, California and attended college at the University of California, Santa Barbara, where he also played on the indoor squad.
In the mid 1970s, after being in the Peace Corps in Nigeria, he returned to the United States and received his PhD in philosophy of education at Indiana.
In 1975 he received a call to be the women's head coach at the University of Pittsburgh, but he declined because he didn't know how women played. The university called back a month later and asked him to reconsider, when he accepted the job offer for $1,500.
Head coaching history.
1976-1979: Pittsburgh.
Hebert began his coaching career at the University of Pittsburgh, where he compiled a 128-53 mark with the women’s team and a 60-21 record as the men’s coach. He led the women's team to two EAIAW championships and two appearances in the AIAW National Championships. During his tenure, he won the EAIAW Eastern Region Coach of the Year award in 1978 and 1979.
1980-1982: New Mexico.
Hebert coached the women’s team at New Mexico, notching a 60-57 record and advancing to the NCAA regionals in 1981 with a 26-17 record.
1983-1995 Illinois.
At Illinois, Hebert led the Fighting Illini to two NCAA Final Four appearances (1987 & 1988) and four Big Ten titles. During the 1988 season, Illinois became the first volleyball team east of the Mississippi River to be rated No. 1 in the nation.
Hebert coached Mary Eggers from 1985–1988, who was the Big Ten Player of the Year for three consecutive years, as well as Nancy Brookhart, who shared the honor with Eggers in 1987. It remains the only time that a co-Big Ten Player of the Year was shared with two players on the same team.
In 1985, Hebert received the American Volleyball Coaches Association highest honor, as he was named the National Coach of the Year. From 1985-1988, Hebert was the president of the AVCA.
1996-2011: Minnesota.
At Minnesota, Hebert led the Gophers to one Big Ten title (2002), and three NCAA Final Four appearances in 2003, 2004 and 2009. He has coached two Big Ten Players of the Year, Nicole Branagh (2000) and Cassie Busse (2004). In 2004, Hebert led Minnesota to the program's first ever national championship match, finishing as national runners-up. Briefly in 2004, the Gophers were ranked #1 in the coaches poll, the first time in program history that Minnesota claimed the top spot.
In Hebert’s 15 years at Minnesota, the Gophers are 381-137, 211-89 in the Big Ten and have participated in 11 NCAA Tournaments.
Hebert has produced two Olympians, Lindsey Berg, who made Olympic appearances in 2004 and 2008 for the indoor team, and Nicole Branagh, who appeared in the 2008 Olympics with Elaine Youngs for beach volleyball.
In 2006, Hebert was inducted into the AVCA Hall of Fame.
International coaching.
In the summer of 2003, Hebert coached the U.S. National Team to a bronze medal at the Pan American Games.
Hebert served as head coach of the U.S. women’s team competing at the 1991 World University Games in Sheffield, England. The USA women’s team also competed in the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, Cuba. Hebert traveled to the 1989 Canada Cup and 1990 Cuba Cup as part of a series of assignments with the U.S. National Team.
Personal.
Hebert received his bachelor’s degree in sociology from the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1966, and his Ph.D. in philosophy of education from Indiana in 1974. He is the author of two books, including a 1993 co-written autobiography (with Dave Johnson) titled The Fire Still Burns. Hebert and his wife Sherry reside in Minneapolis. Hebert has two daughters, Becky and Hillary.

</doc>
<doc id="18744187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744187" title="John Appleton Wilson">
John Appleton Wilson

John Appleton Wilson (October 7, 1851 in Baltimore, Maryland – April 17, 1927 in Baltimore) was an American architect.
Personal life.
Wilson was born in Baltimore, Maryland, the oldest son of Rev. Franklin Wilson, a well-known Baptist minister, and Virginia Appleton Wilson. He attended private schools and Columbian College (now the George Washington University) in Washington, D.C., and later studied architecture at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (M.I.T.). After leaving M.I.T. he continued his education in the office of Baldwin & Price in Baltimore. On October 16, 1877 he married Mary Wade of Virginia. The couple resided at 1013 St. Paul Street, Baltimore, and had a summer home at Monterey in Franklin County, Pennsylvania. The couple had one daughter, Virginia Appleton Wilson.
Wilson was an active member of historical and professional societies. He was a member and secretary of the Maryland Historical Society, vice-president of the Sons of the Revolution, and historian for the Society of the War of 1812. He held many offices of the Maryland Society of Colonial Wars including treasurer, member of the council, chair of the membership committee, and deputy governor general from Maryland for the national society. Wilson also served on the Baltimore Municipal Art Commission and was an early member of the Baltimore chapter of the American Institute of Architects, joining in 1879. He was a member of the University Club and a director of the Colonial Trust Company. The Wilsons were also involved in philanthropic work, with John serving on the board of governors of the Maryland School for Boys and as a trustee of the Baltimore Orphan Asylum, and Mary as the president of the asylum from 1896 to 1918.
Wilson died at his home in Baltimore on April 17, 1927 following a brief illness. His estate was valued at $110,715 and was divided between his wife and daughter, who were given joint ownership of the Wilson homes in Baltimore and in Pennsylvania.
Professional life.
Wilson and his cousin, William Thomas Wilson, formed a partnership and named their new firm J.A. & W.T. Wilson, Architects. This architectural firm designed Baltimore homes from the end of the nineteenth century until William's death in 1907. Some of the more notable estates were built for Catherine L McKim. He designed McKim's home first and then 14 more upon her property at Belvidere Terrace, all designed in the Queen Anne style. Wilson worked on the restoration of Fort McHenry, restoration of the Mount Clare estate and park, and the marking of the grave of Sir Robert Eden, Maryland's last colonial governor. Additionally, he designed the monument to the 2nd Maryland Battalion C.S.A.(1st Maryland C.S.A. originally), on Culp's Hill, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania as well as churches and community and industrial buildings in Maryland, North Carolina, and Virginia.
On February 2, 1894, the Maryland State Senate requested that Wilson team up with the well known Annapolis artist Frank B. Mayer to conduct a study of the feasibility of restoring the Maryland State House old Senate Chamber. The State wanted to restore it to the condition it had been in when George Washington resigned his commission as commander-in-chief of the Continental Army in 1783. After six weeks of working without pay, Mayer and Wilson issued their report on March 19, 1894, that listed items to be repaired, replaced, or reproduced and estimated the total cost to be $6,150. They concluded their report with a recommendation that the work be started immediately, however, much to their dismay the work was not begun until Governor Edwin Warfield acted on the issue in 1904 and 1905. Wilson, commenting on his act of charity, said, "It was a labor of love unto the end."

</doc>
<doc id="18744192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744192" title="Nuffield Health">
Nuffield Health

Nuffield Health is a non-profit organisation (the UK's largest health charity) in the United Kingdom, established in 1957, which operates a range of health and wellbeing facilities including Nuffield Health Hospitals and Nuffield Health Fitness & Wellbeing Centres.
It is independent of the National Health Service and is constituted as a registered charity. Its objectives are "to advance, promote and maintain health and healthcare of all descriptions and to prevent, relieve and cure sickness and ill health of every kind." 
As a private provider, fees are charged to patients. In 2011 it had an annual gross income of £576 million, making it one of the five largest charities in the UK.
It operates over 200 facilities including 30 private hospitals (29 in England and one in Scotland — Nuffield Health Glasgow Hospital), and 50 health clubs, employing 11,000 staff, including over 4,000 clinical staff. Nuffield also operate 65 Fitness and Wellbeing centres across the UK, and 5 medical centres.
Awards.
Nuffield Health have won multiple awards, including the Laing and Buisson award for Risk management, and Management Excellence in 2009 and 2010 (respectively) and the Flame award for Integrated Corporate Wellbeing site in 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18744198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744198" title="Conrad Tanner">
Conrad Tanner

Conrad Tanner (born at Arth in the Canton of Schwyz, 28 December 1752; died 7 April 1825) was a Swiss Benedictine Abbot of Einsiedeln.
Life.
He studied the classics and theology at Einsiedeln; made vows in the Order of St. Benedict on 8 September 1772, and was ordained in May, 1777. He was engaged as teacher at the gymnasium of Einsiedeln and later at Bellinzona. In 1787 he held the position of librarian at his abbey, and in 1789 he was made director of the college at Bellinzona. 
During the French Revolution Tanner fled to the Tyrol, taking with him the miraculous statue, the head of St. Meinrad, and other valuables, and remained there until he could restore the treasures to the abbey. He was appointed pastor of St. Gerold in Vorarlberg in 1802, where he remained for three years, until recalled to act as master of novices. 
At the death of Abbot Beat in 1808 Tanner was elected abbot. He prudently accommodated himself to the political situation, and thus secured the existence of the monastery. He encouraged the pursuit of studies, renovated the buildings, and rebuilt the Holy Chapel which had been destroyed 1798 by the French. Although the village of Einsiedeln was no longer under his jurisdiction, he retained for it a solicitude which he showed in the years of famine (1816 and 1817). 
It was the intention of Pope Pius VII to create the new Diocese of Waldstätten out of the cantons Uri, Schwyz, and Unterwalden, to make Tanner bishop, and to constitute the monks of Einsiedeln as cathedral chapter. The matter was proposed in 1818, but was declined by the abbot and his capitulars. 
Works.
Tanner's writings are: 
his pedagogical works were published by his successor, Abbot Celestine Müller.

</doc>
<doc id="18744206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744206" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Manokwari–Sorong">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Manokwari–Sorong

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Manokwari–Sorong () is a diocese located in the cities of Manokwari and Sorong in the Ecclesiastical province of Merauke in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18744208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744208" title="Iskan">
Iskan

Iskan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18744214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744214" title="Dana Marton">
Dana Marton

Dana Marton is the author of nearly two dozen romantic suspense novels for Harlequin Intrigue. Her first novel, Shadow Soldier, had originally been part of her course work for her M.A. degree in Writing Popular Fiction at Seton Hill University, and was published in 2004. Shadow soldier was her 5th completed manuscript after 12 years of working towards becoming a published author.
Her fast-paced novels feature strong heroines and alpha heroes, often in an international setting. Her novels include: Shadow Soldier, Secret Soldier, 72 Hours, Protective Measures, Ironclad Cover etc. She is a prolific author, writing as many as four books per year, and sometimes more.
Marton is the recipient of the Daphne du Maurier Award of Excellence. Currently, her novels are translated into 7 languages and published in 11 countries around the world.
Reviews.
"In the last instalment of the Miami Confidential series, Isabelle Rush and Rafe Montoya have taken off for the country of Ladera to find missing heiress Sonya Botera. Former bad boy Rafe has been battling his attraction to the lovely Isabelle since they met and now, thrown together on foreign soil in a life-and-death escapade, a flame starts to burn out of control. Dana Marton has her finger on the pulse of danger and intrigue as this Bridal Op takes an edgy and dangerous turn in a fast-paced race to rescue an innocent woman and escape with their lives." Romantic Times Magazine
"Protective Measures are taken when somebody tries to kill Congresswoman Kaye Miller. Kaye's politically powerful godfather drafts operative Daniel DuCharme as her bodyguard, and he becomes fiercely attracted to the beautiful widow, even though she's seven years older. When Kaye is kidnapped by a crazed paramilitary group, Daniel wades into a battle, nearly dying in the process. Dana Marton throttles up the suspense as they scramble to prevent a disaster and battle their sizzling attraction. Marton's characters are neatly drawn and compelling, as is a plot peppered with seething emotion." Romantic Times Magazine
"Mike McNair had done some crazy things, but going AWOL from his top secret unit and hauling himself across the icy tundra to rescue the woman he loves is definitely at the top of the list. Tessa Nielson had angrily broken things off, but now the two find themselves in a mad race across the freezing Alaskan landscape in Dana Marton's harrowing Rogue Soldier. Irreverent Mike and thrill-seeking Tessa are perfectly matched in a tale of stolen nuclear arms--where trusting the wrong person could be the death of them and the millions of people they're racing to save." Romantic Times Magazine

</doc>
<doc id="18744215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744215" title="Besòs (Barcelona Metro)">
Besòs (Barcelona Metro)

Besòs () is a station of the Barcelona Metro, served by L4 (yellow line). It takes its name from the Besòs neighbourhood of Barcelona (named after the river Besòs), in the Sant Martí district. The station is located in the intersection of Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes, Carretera de Mataró and Rambla de Prim. It opened in 1982. A connection with the Trambesòs line T5 was introduced in 2006 with the opening of the equally underground tram station.

</doc>
<doc id="18744222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744222" title="USS Tunxis (AN-90)">
USS Tunxis (AN-90)

USS "Tunxis" (YN-119/AN-90) was a "Cohoes"-class net laying ship which was assigned to protect U.S. Navy ships and harbors during World War II with her anti-submarine nets. Her World War II career was cut short due to the war coming to an end, but, post-war, she was reactivated and served the Navy until she was put into reserve and eventually transferred to Venezuela.
Constructed in Minnesota.
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, "Tunxis" -- originally projected as "YN-119" -- was redesignated "AN-90" on 17 January 1944; laid down on 2 May 1944, at Duluth, Minnesota, by the Zenith Dredge Co.; launched on 18 August 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Edward J. Thye, wife of the Governor of Minnesota; and commissioned on 28 March 1945.
World War II related service.
"Tunxis" remained in commission with the Navy for only several months as the war was coming to an end. She was then decommissioned on 30 June 1945, and the net tender was placed in reserve.
Post-war reactivation.
"Tunxis" remained in reserve until activated on 20 February 1953. Originally operating out of the 5th Naval District, she was transferred to the 6th Naval District on 4 January 1954 and based at Charleston, South Carolina; Savannah, Georgia; and at Key West, Florida. "Tunxis" participated in U.S. Atlantic Fleet exercises off the U.S. East Coast from 13 to 22 November 1954 before returning to Charleston.
Final decommissioning.
On 15 April 1955, the ship was placed "in commission in reserve" before being decommissioned on 20 July of that year. In August 1963, "Tunxis" was transferred under the Military Assistance Program to the government of Venezuela. She served the Venezuelan Navy as "Puerto Nutrias (H-02)". Her current fate is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18744223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744223" title="Mandy Mulder">
Mandy Mulder

Mandy Mulder (3 August 1987, Poeldijk) is a sailor from the Netherlands. Mulder represented her country at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Qingdao. With fellow crew members Annemieke Bes and Merel Witteveen, Mulder as helmsman took Silver medal in the Yngling.
Sailing career.
Mulder started sailing in 1995 and competes in international level since 2001. At the European Championship, Optimist, in Gran Canaria she finished on a 10th position. She took part in the 2002 Laser 4.7 World Junior Championship where she won the bronze medal. She won silver at the European Junior Championship Laser Radial in Breitenbrunn. In Madeira during the World Junior Championship in Laser Radial she finished in 13th position.
From 2003 till 2004 Mulder was part of a 470 Female team. In Balatón Mulder finished 7th in the 2003 European Junior Championship and at the World Championship at Lake Garda Mulder finished 9th. Mulder's took another silver at the 2004 Open Dutch Championships. As of 2005 she sails in the yngling and was part of the Dutch national team selection straight away. At the 2005 World Championship in Mondsee Mulder and her team finished 21st. She won bronze medals at the Open Dutch Championships as well as at the Princess Sofia Trophy in Mallorca. After a 12th position at the World Championships in La Rochelle a third in the Holland Regatta in Medemblik and a second at the European Championship in Medemblik Mulder finished first position at the Qingdao 2006 International Regatta.
In 2007 a team was formed of nine sailors, (among them were Mulder, Annemieke Bes, Merel Witteveen, Renée Groeneveld, Marije Faber, Marije Kampen and Brechtje van der Werf), that aimed and qualify for the Olympics in the Yngling. In July 2008 Dutch national coach Maurice Paardekooper selected Witteveen, Mulder and Bes as the trio that would sail the Dutch Yngling team at the 2008 Summer Olympics. The selected team became fourth at the World Championship in Cascais. Furthermore they became second in Qingdao at the Pre-Olympics, fourth at the European Championship in Warnemünde in 2007. In 2008 there was a third place in the Olympic Class Regatta of Miami And a third place at the Europeans.

</doc>
<doc id="18744225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744225" title="Andreas Geritzer">
Andreas Geritzer

Andreas Geritzer (born December 11, 1977 in Vienna) is an Austrian sailor in the Laser class.
At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney he finished fifth, four years later at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens he won the Silver medal.
Geritzer resides and trains in Neusiedl am See.
He has been married since 2005, and has a son.

</doc>
<doc id="18744234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744234" title="Air Guadeloupe">
Air Guadeloupe

Air Guadeloupe was a small international airline with its head office in Les Abymes, Guadeloupe. At one period it was on the property of Le Raizet Airport. Later it was located in the "Immeuble Le Caducet".
Company history.
The small airline was founded on 21 May 1970 as Société Antillaise de Transport Aérien, SATA to soon become known as Air Guadeloupe. Operations began in 1994 and the CEO was Francois Paneole. In the year 2000 it was merged with Air Martinique, Air Saint Barthélémy, and Air Saint Martin to form Air Caraïbes.
Historical Destinations Served.
Caribbean destinations
South America Destinations

</doc>
<doc id="18744239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744239" title="You Meihong">
You Meihong

You Meihong (born 1993-01-31 in Guangzhou, Guangdong) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18744246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744246" title="Kameno">
Kameno

Kameno (, pronounced ) is a small town in southeastern Bulgaria, part of Burgas Province. It is the administrative centre of the homonymous Kameno Municipality, which lies in the central part of the Province. As of December 2009, the town has a population of 4,848 inhabitants. 
The town has a community centre ("chitalishte") opened in 1927 and named "Prosveta" ("Enlightenment"). Kameno lies close to the towns of Balgarovo and Burgas
Municipality.
Kameno municipality includes the following 13 places:

</doc>
<doc id="18744257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744257" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Timika">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Timika

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Timika () is a diocese located in the civil districts of Biak-Numfor, Yapen-Waropen, Nabire, Paniai, Puncak Jaya, and Mimka in the Ecclesiastical province of Merauke in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18744266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744266" title="Cactus Pete Piersanti">
Cactus Pete Piersanti

Peter Vincent "Cactus Pete" Piersanti (November 3, 1916 – February 15, 1994) was an American hotel and casino promoter active in Idaho and Nevada from the 1940s to the 1980s. He is credited as one of the main founders of the community of Jackpot, Nevada, in the 1950s. He is namesake of two Nevada casinos he owned at different points in his career, Cactus Pete's casino in Jackpot and Cactus Jack's Casino in Carson City.
Piersanti was born in Superior, Wyoming, the youngest of six children. His parents were Italian immigrants. His family later moved to Ogden, Utah. While in Ogden in 1941 Piersanti purchased a local bar and grill with a card room and a pinball machine distribution company. In 1943 Piersanti enlisted in the United States Army and served during World War II. 
After the war Piersanti and his family were among the original owners of the Island Park Lodge in Island Park, Idaho, which opened in 1947. The property featured several slot machines owned by Piersanti. 
In 1954 the State of Idaho outlawed all forms of gambling. In response Piersanti moved his slot machine operation from Island Park to a site just south of the Idaho border on U.S. Route 93 in what was then considered a part of Contact, Nevada, in Elko County. The opening of Piersanti's establishment, Cactus Pete's Motor Lodge, was instrumental in the founding of the town of Jackpot. 
Originally a gas station with slot machines, by 1958 Cactus Pete's was so successful a 15-room hotel and aircraft runway were built to accommodate the growing numbers of visitors, mainly from nearby Idaho. Cactus Pete's was incorporated by Piersanti and others in 1956. This corporation is considered the forerunner of Ameristar Casinos, which currently owns the Cactus Pete's property. 
Piersanti sold his interest in Cactus Pete's in 1971. After a brief stay in Las Vegas, later in 1971 he bought the Senator Club in Carson City and renamed it Cactus Jack's Senator Club. Piersanti remained active in the Carson City gaming community until his retirement in 1989. During his final years he lived in the Lake Tahoe area.
In addition to the casinos, Piersanti Drive in Jackpot is named after Piersanti. In 2001 Piersanti was featured on a $5 casino token issued by Cactus Jack's Casino as part of a series honoring Nevada gaming pioneers.

</doc>
<doc id="18744273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744273" title="Programming Collective Intelligence">
Programming Collective Intelligence

Programming Collective Intelligence is a book by Toby Segaran and published by O'Reilly Media in August, 2007. It covers the use of data-mining and machine learning algorithms applied to online behavior and user-generated content.
According to Nielsen BookScan, the book had sold approximately 20,000 copies by August, 2008. It reached a sales rank of 56 on amazon.com.

</doc>
<doc id="18744283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744283" title="Tristram Shandy (opera)">
Tristram Shandy (opera)

Tristram Shandy is an unfinished opera project by Michael Nyman based on his favorite novel, "The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman", by Laurence Sterne, begun in 1981. The project has been perpetually on hold for want of a commission, but at least five excerpts of the opera have been performed publicly, and one has been released on a commercial recording.
The first excerpt of the opera appeared in 1983: "I'll Stake My Cremona to a Jew's Trump," (from Volume V, Chapter 15) which appeared in an eponymous short documentary by Sara Jolly. It was written for electric violin and viola, both players (originally Alexander Balanescu and Elisabeth Perry) also simultaneously singing. As with a number of Nyman works before and after, it draws influence from Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's Sinfonia Concertante for Violin, Viola and Orchestra in E-flat, K. 364. The same year, he released "Love Is Certainly, at Least Alphabetically Speaking," for soprano and band, the text of which was derived from Volume VII, Chapter 12. The following year, Nyman premiered the choral work, "The Abbess of Andouillets."
In 1985, "Nose-List Song," the fourth section of the opera, made its premiere on the recording "The Kiss and Other Movements". It was the first of Nyman's works to appear on a recording before being performed live. The song is based on "Slawkenbergius's Tale" from Volume IV, Chapter 1, which depicts a visitor to Strasbourg from the Promonotory of Noses. It collects together most of the statements made about the visitor by Strasbourg's residents. As recorded, it is performed as a solo by soprano Sarah Leonard. All of the statements are included in the lyrics sheet, but lines 3-8 of the final stanza are omitted on the recording. The vocal line is mostly, but not entirely, in monotone, with the majority of musical ideas carried by the instrumental music, melodies built on a harmonic pinning of the dominant sevenths A, F, B, and, D.
In 2001, Nyman premiered "a dance he little thinks of", also intended for the opera score, derived from Volume VI, Chapter 1, written on a commission from Yorkshire.
None of this music appeared in Michael Winterbottom's film, "", for which Nyman is credited among the composers. Most of Nyman's music in that film is derived from the original soundtrack recording of Nyman's oft-recorded "The Draughtsman's Contract". Nyman also includes his own arrangement of the Sarabande of George Frideric Handel that was featured famously in Stanley Kubrick's "Barry Lyndon". This was included as a filmic reference to an eighteenth-century period classic and has not been suggested by Nyman as something he would include were he to complete the opera.

</doc>
<doc id="18744286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744286" title="William Byrne">
William Byrne

William, Bill or Billy Byrne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18744292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744292" title="Muhammad Qasim Nanotvi">
Muhammad Qasim Nanotvi

Muhammad Qasim Nanotvi was an Islamic Scholar and the main person responsible for establishing a centre of excellence where the true teachings of Islam are taught. Nanotvi was born in 1833 in Nanota, a village near Saharanpur, India. He completed his early education in his hometown and then he was sent to Deoband, where he studied in Maulvi Mahtab Ali's madrassa. Then, he travelled to Saharanpur, where he remained with his maternal grandfather. In Saharanpur, he studied elementary "kitabs" of Arabic grammar and syntax under Maulvi Nawaz. At the end of 1843, Mamluk-Ul-Ali escorted him to Delhi. There, he studied "Kafia" and various "kitabs". Later he was admitted to Madrassa Gaziuddin Khan.
his close relative, Muhammad Yaqub Nanotvi wrote:"My late father enrolled him at the Arabic Madrasa and said, 'Study Euclid yourself and complete the arithmetical exercises.' After a few days, he had attended all of the ordinary discourses and completed the arithmetical exercises. Munshi Zakatullah asked a few questions of him, which were difficult. Because he was able to solve them, he became well-known. When the annual examination drew near, he did not write it and left the madrasa. The whole staff of the madrasa, particularly the headmaster, regretted this very much".
Prior to his enrollment at Madrassa Gaziuddin Khan, he had studied "kitabs" on logic, philosophy, and scholastic theology under Mamluk Ali at his house. he joined a study circle, which possessed a central position in India with regards to the teaching of the sciences of the Qur'an and Hadith. He studied hadith under Abdul Ghani Mujaddidi. 
After the completion of his education, he became the editor of the press at "Matbah-e-Ahmadi". During this period, at Ahmad Ali's insistence, He wrote a scholium on the last few portions of Sahihul Bukhari. Before the establishment of Darul Uloom Deoband, he taught "Euclid" for some time at the Chhatta Masjid. His lectures were delivered within the printing press. His teaching produced a group of accomplished Ulama, the example of which had not been seen since Shah Abul Ghani's time. He went on to establish Darul Uloom Deoband. 
In 1860, he performed Hajj and, on his return, he accepted a profession of collating books at "Matbah-e-Mujtaba" in Meerut. He remained attached to this press until 1868. he performed Hajj for the second time and, thereafter, he accepted a job at "Matbah-e-Hashimi" in Meerut. 
He conformed to the Shari'a and Sunnah and tried his best to motivate people to do so as well. It was through his efforts that a prominent madrasa for impartation of Islamic education of religious sciences was established in Deoband and a fine masjid was built. Besides this, through his efforts and endeavours, Islamic madaris were established at various other locations as well.
Establishment of the madaris.
His greatest achievement was the revival of an educational movement for the renaissance of religious sciences in India and the creation of guiding principles for the madaris on which their survival depends. Under his attention and supervision, madaris were established in various areas such as Thanabhavan, Galautti, Kerana, Danapur, Meerut, and Muradabad. Most of them continue to exist, rendering educational and religious services in their vicinity. During his lifetime, Christianity began to rise in India and prodigious efforts were made to convert the people of India to Christianity in every possible way. When he, during his sojourn in Delhi, witnessed this situation, he ordered his pupils to stand in the bazaars and deliver sermons against Christianity. One day, he himself, without introduction or the statement of his name, attended a gathering and repulsed Christianity publicly in the bazaar. 
On May 8, 1876, a "Fair for God-Consciousness" was held at Chandapur village, near Shahjahanpur (U.P.), under the auspices of the local Zamindar, Piyare Lal Kabir-panthi, under the management of Padre Knowles, and with the support and permission of the collector of Shahjahanpur, Mr. Robert George. Representatives of all the three religions, Christian, Hindu and Muslim, were invited through posters to attend and prove the truthfulness of their respective religions. At the suggestion of Muhammad Munir Nanautawi and Maulawi Ilahi Bakhsh Rangin Bareillwi, Nanautawi, accompanied by numerous colleagues also participated. All these Ulama delivered speeches at this fair, causing the desired effect. In repudiation of the Doctrine of Trinity and Polytheism, and on affirmation of Divine Unity (Monotheism), he Nanautawi spoke so well that the audience, both those who were against and those who were for him, were convinced. One newspaper wrote:"In the gathering of 8 May of the current year (1876), Muhammad Qasim gave a lecture and stated the merits of Islam. The Padre Sahib explained the Trinity in a strange manner, saying that in a line are found three attributes: length, breadth and depth, and thus Trinity is proven in every way. The said Maulawi Sahib confuted it promptly. Then, while the Padre Sahib and the Maulawi Sahib were debating regarding the speech, the meeting broke up, and in the vicinity and on all sides arose the outcry that the Muslims had won. Wherever a religious divine of Islam stood, thousands of men would gather around him. In the meeting of the first day the Christians did not reply to the objections raised by the followers of Islam, while the Muslims replied the Christians word by word and won." Next year this "fair" was held again in March 1877. On this occasion, Prof. Muhammad Ayyub Qadiri, writing in Ahmed Hasan Nanautawi's biography, wrote that:"One thing specially deserves deliberation here that the fair for God consciousness at Shahjahanpur was held consecutively for two years with announcement and publicity, throwing in a way.
Death.
Nanotvi died in 1880, aged 47. His grave is to the north of the Darul-Uloom. This place is known as Qabrastan-e-Qasimi, where countless Deobandi scholars, students, and others are buried.
Online material.
http://www.darululoom-deoband.com/
http://projectdeoband.blogspot.co.uk/2009/12/tahzir-al-nas-and-issue-of-takfir_04.html
E Hayat- Auto biography of Maulana Qasim Nanotvi RA
Ajwiba Kamilaby Maulana Qasim Nanotvi RA

</doc>
<doc id="18744314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744314" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Ketapang">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ketapang

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ketapang () is a diocese located in the city of Ketapang in the Ecclesiastical province of Pontianak in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18744316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744316" title="Andover Town Hall">
Andover Town Hall

Andover Town Hall is the historic town hall of Andover, Massachusetts. It is located at 20 Main Street, between Park and Barnard Streets. The 2.5 story Romanesque Revival red brick building was constructed in 1858, not long after the separation of North Andover. It was designed by Boston architect Theodore Voelkers and built by local builders Abbott & Clement. The building design echoed that of the mills that dotted the town.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18744320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744320" title="214 (disambiguation)">
214 (disambiguation)

214 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18744327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744327" title="Ann's Diner">
Ann's Diner

Ann's Diner (now known as Pat's Diner) is a historic diner at 11 Bridge Road (US 1) in Salisbury, Massachusetts, USA.
The diner was built in 1950 as #824 by the Worcester Lunch Car Company, as a custom job for James and Ann Evans. They had opened their first diner in Haverhill, also called Ann's Diner, in 1948, and moved it to the present site later that year. The business was successful enough that they ordered the present diner as a replacement. It was specifically designed to accommodate a separate dining room, and was opened in April 1950. The Evanses owned the business until 1960, after which it went through a succession of owners. From 1976 to 1987 it was owned by Norman Brockleman and known as Norm's Place. The diner was closed between 1997 and 1999. In 1999 it was acquired by Pat Archambault, who restored it and reopened it as Pat's Diner.
The diner is a classic barrel-roof diner, nine window bays long and three deep. The original entrances to the diner were at its ends, but the left one has been repurposed as a site for heating and ventilation equipment. The right side door retains its original steel door with sunburst motif, and the middle bay window on the front facade has been replaced by an entrance that projects from the diner's body. The barrel roof is covered by a rubber membrane, and extends to porches that covered the entrances at the ends.
Behind the diner body is a wood frame single story structure, which houses the kitchen and restrooms. Unlike many New England diners, this structure has a gable roof. The diner's interior is unusual for its custom configuration. The right six bays have a typical interior setup, with four booths and fourteen counter stools, while the left three bays have a dining room arrangement. This area is separated from the counter area by a pocket door, and has six booths, three each lining the front and back walls.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 10, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18744335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744335" title="Zhao Jing (swimmer)">
Zhao Jing (swimmer)

Zhao Jing (; born December 31, 1990 in Wuhan, Hubei) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18744338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744338" title="Benayoun">
Benayoun

Benayoun, or occasionally Benayun (), is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18744344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744344" title="Virgo Consortium">
Virgo Consortium

The Virgo Consortium was founded in 1994 for Cosmological Supercomputer Simulations in response to the UK's High Performance Computing Initiative. Virgo developed rapidly into an international collaboration between dozen scientists in the UK, Germany, Netherlands, Canada, USA and Japan
Nodes.
The largest nodes are the Institute for Computational Cosmology in the UK and the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics in Germany. Other nodes exist in the UK, Netherlands, Canada, USA and Japan.
Science Goals.
The science goals are to carry out state-of-the-art cosmological simulations with research areas in:
Projects.
The Millennium Simulation.
This N-body simulation used more than 10 billion particles to trace the evolution of the matter distribution in a cubic region of the Universe over 2 billion light-years on a side. The first results that were published in 2005 in an issue of Nature, shows how comparing such simulated data to large observational surveys can improve the understanding of the physical processes underlying the buildup of real galaxies and black holes.

</doc>
<doc id="18744345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744345" title="Apostolic Nuncio to Colombia">
Apostolic Nuncio to Colombia

The Apostolic Nunciature to Colombia is an ecclesiastical office of the Roman Catholic Church in Colombia. It is a diplomatic post of the Holy See, whose representative is called the Apostolic Nuncio to Colombia with the rank of an ambassador. The office of the nunciature is located in Bogota.

</doc>
<doc id="18744347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744347" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Sanggau">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Sanggau

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sanggau () is a diocese located in the city of Sanggau in the Ecclesiastical province of Pontianak in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18744357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744357" title="Robert Byrne">
Robert Byrne

Robert Byrne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18744358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744358" title="Annisquam Bridge">
Annisquam Bridge

The Annisquam Bridge is a historic bridge in Annisquam, Massachusetts, a village within the city of Gloucester. The bridge was built in 1861 to replace an earlier 1847 bridge that crossed Lobster Cove. It is a wooden pile bridge, a type of which only two others were found in New England as part of a c. 1979 survey. The bridge is long and wide, and had a drawbridge section in the center that was moved by a hand-cranked winch. The bridge has repeatedly been the subject of safety closings and restorative work over the course of the 20th century, and was completely rebuilt in 1946-7, removing the draw. Despite this, it was closed to vehicular traffic in 1968, and pedestrian traffic in 1987. The bridge has since been rehabilitated, and is open to pedestrian traffic.
The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18744361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744361" title="Ruen">
Ruen

Ruen (, pronounced ; ) is a village in southeastern Bulgaria, part of Burgas Province. It is the administrative centre of Ruen municipality, which lies in the northern part of Burgas Province.
Municipality.
Ruen municipality includes the following 41 places:
The population of the municipality is predominantly Turkish "(see Turks in Bulgaria)", with some Bulgarians, Roma and Pomaks.

</doc>
<doc id="18744372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744372" title="Andō Chikasue">
Andō Chikasue

Chikasue united Ando family who had been divided. And he obtained some mines, and ruled the Akita port directly. However, he had died of sickness immediately before the Unification of the north half of Dewa province.

</doc>
<doc id="18744381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744381" title="Annisquam Harbor Light">
Annisquam Harbor Light

Annisquam Harbor Light Station is a historic lighthouse on Wigwam Point in the Annisquam neighborhood of Gloucester, Massachusetts.
History.
The first light station, a wooden tower, was established in 1801. The building fell into disrepair and, in 1851, was replaced by an octagonal wooden tower of the same height. The original lighthouse keeper's house was repaired and, with alterations, has remained to this day. In 1869, a covered walkway was built between the house and the tower.
In 1897, the current brick lighthouse was built on the same foundation as the previous two constructions. Some time after 1900, the covered walkway to the keeper's house was replaced by an uncovered wooden footbridge.
In 1931, a foghorn was installed, but until 1949, it was used only from October 15 to May 15 to spare summer residents the noise. The lighthouse was automatated in 1974. The fog signal was first removed by the Coast Guard, but after complaints by fishermen and local boaters, it was re-activated and eventually automated as well.
The lighthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
The original wooden keeper's house from 1801 is still used as a housing for United States Coast Guard personnel who manage the site. In 2000, a major restoration of the tower was conducted by the Coast Guard.
In 2008, the building made an appearance, supposedly as a lighthouse in Maine, in the film remake "The Women" (starring Meg Ryan).

</doc>
<doc id="18744383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744383" title="Amesbury railway station">
Amesbury railway station

Amesbury railway station was a station in the county of Wiltshire in Southern England. It was located on the Bulford Camp branch line, which diverged from what is now known as the West of England Main Line at a triangular junction between Grateley and Idmiston Halt. When it was open Amesbury was the nearest station to Stonehenge and carried a lot of traffic to the military areas in and around Salisbury Plain, particularly during the Second World War in the run up to D-Day.
History.
Opened by the Amesbury and Military Camp Light Railway, and becoming part of the London and South Western Railway it was absorbed by the Southern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to the Southern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was closed by the British Railways Board in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="18744393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744393" title="Greg Peterson (Canadian football)">
Greg Peterson (Canadian football)

Gregory Peterson (born February 18, 1960 in Calgary, Alberta) was a football player in the CFL for nine years years. Peterson played defensive back for the Calgary Stampeders from 1984-1992. He was part of the Stampeders 1992 Grey Cup winning team. Peterson was an All-Star in 1990. He played college football at Brigham Young University and high school football at Dr. E.P. Scarlett.
Following retirement in 1993, Peterson began a career in law, and is currently a partner at law firm Gowlings, specialising in business law. Peterson is also a Stampeder radio commentator, and president of the Greater Calgary Amateur Football Association.
He is the brother of NHL player and coach Brent Peterson.

</doc>
<doc id="18744400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744400" title="Freshwater (opera)">
Freshwater (opera)

Freshwater is a two-act chamber opera composed by Andy Vores, based on the 1929 comic play by Virginia Woolf. Vores received assistance in creating the opera from Quentin Bell, Woolf's nephew and executor, who provided a rarely seen earlier version of the text that served as the inspiration for several passages of the libretto.
"Freshwater" was commissioned by the Boston University Opera Institute and had its world premiere on December 2, 1994 at the Huntington Theatre in Boston.

</doc>
<doc id="18744402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744402" title="Kazakovka">
Kazakovka

Kazakovka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18744405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744405" title="Chen Yanyan">
Chen Yanyan

Chen Yanyan (born 1985-04-05 in Changsha, Hunan) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18744406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744406" title="Arden (Andover, Massachusetts)">
Arden (Andover, Massachusetts)

Arden is a historic estate at 276 N. Main Street in Andover, Massachusetts, United States. It was the home of two of Andover's most important mill owners, John Dove and William Madison Wood (the latter being the founder of the American Woolen Company).
History.
The site where Arden was built was originally occupied by the c. 1678 Josiah Barnard House, which was described in 1829 as one of the nicest houses of its time. This house was torn down in 1846 to make way for the construction of Arden. It was built for John Dove, a Scottish immigrant who, along with Peter Smith, established the first flax mill in Andover. The builder was Jacob Chickering, a leading local builder, who may have had design guidance for Theodore Voelkers. Dove's family held the property until 1891.
The buyer of the house was William Wood, who went on to found the American Woolen Company, and to develop the planned community of Shawsheen Village to the north. The estate is still in the hands of Wood's descendants. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Description.
The 2.5 story wood frame house is built with elaborate Gothic Revival style decorations. The gable ends are decorated with bargeboard molding, and the porches are supported by elaborate groupings of columns. The house also has a particularly elaborate port cochere.

</doc>
<doc id="18744413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744413" title="2003 BellSouth Open">
2003 BellSouth Open

The 2003 BellSouth Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Viña del Mar in Chile and was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour. It was the tenth edition of the tournament and ran from February 10 through February 16, 2003. David Sánchez won the singels title.

</doc>
<doc id="18744416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744416" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Sintang">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Sintang

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sintang () is a diocese located in the city of Sintang in the Ecclesiastical province of Pontianak in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18744423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744423" title="No Exit (opera)">
No Exit (opera)

No Exit is a one-act chamber opera by Andy Vores based on the 1944 existentialist play by Jean-Paul Sartre. The opera was commissioned by Boston's Guerilla Opera and had its world premiere, on April 24, 2008, at the Boston Conservatory's Zack Box Theatre. 
Performance history.
The opera was written for Boston's Guerilla Opera and had its world premiere, directed by Sally Stunkel, on April 24, 2008, at the Boston Conservatory's Zack Box Theatre. The opera had its second production by Chicago Opera Vanguard October 16-18, 2009 in the Hoover-Leppen Theater at the Center on Halsted. "No Exit" received its third production with Guerilla Opera, directed by Nathan Troup, on September 19, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18744424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744424" title="Occupied London">
Occupied London

Occupied London is an anarchist-autonomist collective from London, UK. The collective started in 2007 publishing the free anarchist journal Voices of Resistance from Occupied London. The journal was launched with the aim to provide a platform for discussion across the wider social antagonist movement and has seen significant success in doing so, with contributors spanning across that political spectrum (anarchists, autonomists and others from the wider non-orthodox Marxist tradition). They have so far included - among others - Mike Davis, Zygmunt Bauman, Manuel Castells, George Katsiaficas, Franco Berardi, Klara Jaya Brekke, Dimitris Dalakoglou, Christos Filippidis, David Graeber, TPTG, Richard Pithouse, Antonis Vradis, and many more. Today all the content of the journal is available online from Occupied London.
The influences of the journal are diverse, including insurrectionist, situationist, poststructuralist and some elements from the autonomist tradition. "Occupied London" has featured analyses on contemporary urban culture across Europe, South Africa, the United States and other parts of the world. Focus has also been on the present and future of the so-called anti-globalization movement, as well as discussions about the structure and operation of occupied social centres. 
The journal had a close relationship with Last Hours, another London based radical publishing collective. The collectives have shared articles between themselves and have presented stalls together at events, such as the London Anarchist Bookfair, as well as holding benefit events together. 
The Web-Blog and the Book 
On January 2009 the fourth and last issue of Occupied London was published, because since December 2008 the collective has been running the blog From the Greek Streets covering the civil unrest in Greece and since then it provides almost daily updates on the unraveling crisis in Greece, becoming a key source of counter-information on the Greek crisis. During Tahrir Square revolt, Occupied London collaborated with Egyptian groups to set the Cairo blog www.occupiedlondon.org/cairo. Members of the collective are often writing for other journals and magazines on political issues while they often participate into public events-discussions promoting the interests of the global antagonist/anarchist movement. 
In 2011 the collective co-ordinated a group of 50 people and put together the book Revolt and Crisis in Greece that is analyzing the revolt of December 2008 and the Greek crisis from the side of the global and Greece-based antagonist movement. In the 19 essays collected in that book, over two dozen writers offer historical analysis of the factors that gave birth to December and the potentialities it has opened up in face of the capitalist crisis. Yet the book also highlights the dilemmas the antagonist movement has been faced with since: the book is an open question and a call to the global antagonist movement, and its allies around the world, to radically rethink and redefine our tactics in a rapidly changing landscape where crises and potentialities are engaged in a fierce battle with an uncertain outcome.
Contributors to Revolt and Crisis in Greece include Vaso Makrygianni, Haris Tsavdaroglou, Christos Filippidis, Christos Giovanopoulos, TPTG, Metropolitan Sirens, Yannis Kallianos, Hara Kouki, Kirilov, Some of Us, Soula M., Christos Lynteris, Yiannis Kaplanis, David Graeber, Christos Boukalas, Alex Trocchi, Antonis Vradis, Dimitris Dalakoglou and the Occupied London Collective. Art and design are by Leandros, Klara Jaya Brekke and Tim Simons. It is edited by Antonis Vradis and Dimitris Dalakoglou of Occupied London.

</doc>
<doc id="18744427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744427" title="Babson-Alling House">
Babson-Alling House

The Babson-Alling House is a historic colonial house at 245 Washington Street in Gloucester, Massachusetts. The 2,5 story Georgian house was built in 1740 by William Allen, and remains one of Gloucester's finest houses of the period. It is a typical house of the time, with a center chimney plan and a gambrel roof. The house was bought by Joseph Low in 1779; his daughter Elizabeth married Nathaniel Babson, and their son ended up inheriting the property. It remained in the Babson family into the 20th century, eventually being inherited by Low descendant Elizabeth Alling.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18744431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744431" title="Georgia World War II Army Airfields">
Georgia World War II Army Airfields

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) established numerous airfields in Georgia for antisubmarine defense in the Gulf of Mexico and for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Most of these airfields were under the command of Third Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (A predecessor of the current-day United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command). However the other USAAF support commands (Air Technical Service Command (ATSC); Air Transport Command (ATC) or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields. Many were converted into municipal airports, some were returned to agriculture and several were retained as United States Air Force installations and were front-line bases during the Cold War. Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Major airfields.
AAF Training Command.
Eastern Flight Training Center

</doc>
<doc id="18744442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744442" title="Bailey House (Ipswich, Massachusetts)">
Bailey House (Ipswich, Massachusetts)

The Bailey House is a historic house at 40 Market Street in Ipswich, Massachusetts. It was built sometime between 1893 and 1910 to serve as the home and office Doctor Bailey, a prominent local physician. It is sited on a hill overlooking the central downtown area of Ipswich. The 2.5 story house is one of the most elaborate examples of Queen Anne/Colonial Revival architecture in central Ipswich. Roughly rectangular in plan, a veranda embellished with Colonial Revival details wraps around the north and west sides of the house. The central portion of the front is a protruding bay that also rises up through the bottom of the roof and is topped by a turret shaped gable extension. It is flanked on either side by small gable dormers.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18744451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744451" title="Charles Byrne">
Charles Byrne

Charles Byrne is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18744461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744461" title="Timothy P. Bailey House">
Timothy P. Bailey House

The Timothy P. Bailey House is a historic house at 210 Chandler Road in Andover, Massachusetts. It was built by Timothy Palmer Bailey, on land purchased from his father's estate. The Baileys were successful farmers, and the younger one, who was educated at Phillips Academy, built this locally rare example of an Italianate house in 1878. The 2.5 story L-shaped house features bracketed cornices, and a main entrance porch that is elaborately balustraded and also bracketed.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18744477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744477" title="Merel Witteveen">
Merel Witteveen

Merel Witteveen (12 May 1985, Leiden) is a sailor from the Netherlands. Witteveen represented her country at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Qingdao. With fellow crew member Annemieke Bes and Mandy Mulder as helmsman, Witteveen took Silver medal in the Yngling.
Sailing career.
Witteveen started sailing in 1995 and competes in international level since 1999 where she started in the Optimist. After the European Championship in Athens she switched to the Europe. Witteveen won an silver medal at the 2003 European Junior Championship. At the Open Week World Championships in Spain she finished 9th and her next goal was to qualify for the 2004 Summer Olympics, but these came to early for Witteveen. 
After the 2004 Olympics the Europe was replaced by the Laser Radial Witteveen decided to made that change. She became second in the Olympic Sailing Week in Split and at the 2005 European Championship also in Croatia she finished in 14th position. Due to a knee injury at the end of 2005 she was unable to sail in the 2006 season. However in 2006 she became bachelor of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Amsterdam. She also learned Spanish and she traveled through South America. 
Witteveen was also a successful rower as she and with her student team mates of Nereus she won the rankings of first year students. She also won silver medals at the Henley Women's Regatta and the Head of the Charles in Boston. 
Despite the successes in rowing and in the Laser Radial Witteveen decided to sail with Lisa Westerhof in the 470 and aim for qualification for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. This did not turn out to be a success.
In 2007 a team was formed of nine sailors, (among them were Mandy Mulder, Annemieke Bes, Merel Witteveen, Renée Groeneveld, Marije Faber, Marije Kampen and Brechtje van der Werf), that aimed and qualify for the Olympics in the Yngling. In July 2008 Dutch national coach Maurice Paardekooper selected Witteveen, Mulder and Bes as the trio that would sail the Dutch Yngling team at the 2008 Summer Olympics. The selected team became fourth at the World Championship in Cascais. Furthermore they became second in Qingdao at the Pre-Olympics, fourth at the European Championship in Warnemünde in 2007. In 2008 there was a third place in the Olympic Class Regatta of Miami And a third place at the Europeans.
Professional life.
Witteveen nowadays works as "Fellow by McKinsey & Company (2012 - Present)". Before that she developed, as intern, a Delft3D hydrodynamical model of the California coast for "Arcadis (2010)".

</doc>
<doc id="18744478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744478" title="Mykhaylo Starostyak">
Mykhaylo Starostyak

Mykhaylo Volodymyrovych Starostyak (, born 13 October 1973 in Zhydachiv Raion, Lviv Oblast) is a former Ukrainian football player. He started off as a right back, but mostly plays as a center back.

</doc>
<doc id="18744482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744482" title="Ballardvale District">
Ballardvale District

The Ballardvale District in Andover, Massachusetts, encompasses the historic mill village of Ballardvale in the northwestern part of the town. It is centered on the crossing the Shawsheen River by Andover Street, and includes buildings on High Street, Center Street, and other adjacent roads on both sides of the river. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Ballardvale was the first planned mill community in Andover. John and William Marland were the principal investors in the Ballardvale Manufacturing Company, under whose auspices the are was developed. It was named for Timothy Ballard, who had previously operated a sawmill and gristmill at the mill location set up by the Marlands. For about 100 years between 1835 an 1935 there was a remarkably self-contained community here: in addition to the mills, it included shops, churches, a school, and a railroad station.
The Marlands owned about of land which was developed for the community. Much of the housing was relatively modest cottages on small lots, with popular styling details of the time. Many of them were built by locally notable builder Jacob Chickering. One typical house is at 36-40 Center Street: it is a four family 2.5 story wood frame house with minimal Italianate styling.
There are four major mill structures that survive. The oldest building, dating to 1836, is a four story brick construction with granite trim. A wooden mill building (1844) stands adjacent, and there are additional buildings in the complex that were built later in the 19th century. One other notable structure is a c. 1872 wrought iron truss bridge that crosses the river below the mill complex.

</doc>
<doc id="18744483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744483" title="Kobylinka">
Kobylinka

Kobylinka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18744494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744494" title="Louisiana World War II Army Airfields">
Louisiana World War II Army Airfields

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) established numerous airfields in Louisiana for antisubmarine defense in the Gulf of Mexico and for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Most of these airfields were under the command of Third Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (A predecessor of the current-day United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command). In addition, the Air Technical Service Command (ATSC) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields. Many were converted into municipal airports, some were returned to agriculture and several were retained as United States Air Force installations and were front-line bases during the Cold War. Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Major Airfields.
Air Technical Service Command
Third Air Force
Army Air Forces Training Command<BR>AAF Southeast Training Center

</doc>
<doc id="18744496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744496" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Banjarmasin">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Banjarmasin

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Banjarmasin () is a diocese located in the city of Banjarmasin in the Ecclesiastical province of Samarinda in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18744503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744503" title="Stephen Barker House">
Stephen Barker House

Stephen Barker House is a historic house at 165 Haverhill Street in Methuen, Massachusetts.
Built in 1839, it is one of several handsome houses built at the periphery of the Methuen settlement in the mid-19th Century, and remains a well conserved "country Residence". Reportedly, surveyor Stephen Barker built "Woodland Cottage" in imitation of antebellum mansions he had seen in the South.
, from one of Methuen's original families, had gone to seek his fortune in Tennessee and sent home enough money to build a house. The old farm house was moved and on its site was built this imitation of a Southern mansion. The details of the house, such as the entrance, the Doric columns and frieze board above, classify it as Greek Revival. The builder freely adapted traditional elements: rows of dormers, triangular windows in the gable end, and railing above the porch mimicking gingerbread fretwork.
It was added to the National Historic Register in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18744510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744510" title="2004 Movistar Open">
2004 Movistar Open

The 2004 Movistar Open was an ATP tournament held in Viña del Mar, Chile. The tournament was held from February 9 to February 15.

</doc>
<doc id="18744514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744514" title="Sun Ye">
Sun Ye

Sun Ye (; born 1989-01-15 in Shanghai) is an Olympic-medalist swimmer from China. She swam for China at the 2008 Olympics, where she was part of China's 400 Medley Relay which finished 3rd.

</doc>
<doc id="18744516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744516" title="Mepparamba">
Mepparamba

Mepparamba is a locality on the western side of the Palakkad town of Kerala. It is a place where the Hindus, Muslims and Christians live in harmony for decades. It is a unique place because unlike the other places of Palakkad district where one religious community is prominent, the members of all the religions are equally distributed.

</doc>
<doc id="18744523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744523" title="Barnard Block">
Barnard Block

The Barnard Block is a historic commercial block at 10-16 Main Street in the center of Andover, Massachusetts. The two story brick and stone building was built in 1910 for Henry Barnard, son and business partner of Jacob W. Barnard, a successful local shoemaker. This building was one of a number of family investments. It features elaborate Colonial Revival detailing, include creative use of multicolored stonework, Palladian windows, and a central triangular pediment on the Main Street facade.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18744531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744531" title="Fortunato of Brescia">
Fortunato of Brescia

Fortunato of Brescia (1701–1754) was an Italian Minorite of the Reform of Lombardy and anatomist.
Life.
He was born at Brescia, and received the religious habit in 1718. A philosopher and theologian, Fortunato was also renowned for his studies in the natural sciences. He was secretary general of his order, and stood in high favour at the Bourbon court of Spain. He died in Madrid.
Works.
He was among the first to bring together the teachings of Scholastic philosophy and the discoveries of the physical sciences. His scientific work is rendered important by his extensive use of the microscope, in which he followed the lead of Malpighi. Avoiding the then prevalent discussions on vitalism, he devoted himself to a positive study of the problems of natural science.
Convinced that a knowledge of microscopic anatomy is the key to the secrets of nature, he deemed two things to be of prime importance:
This view, clear in the works of Fortunato, has prevailed in pathology and physiology. and in this sense Fortunato was a pioneer. He confined himself to the microscopic study of the parts of the organism, and in this way succeeded in classifying tissues and organs many years before Bichat (1800). Fortunato was the first to distinguish between tissues and organs.
He established the idea of tissues, or, as he wrote, "of those organic parts which possess a definite structure visible with the microscope and characterized by their component elements". With sufficient accuracy he described connective and bony tissue. The morphological complexus of the various tissues he calls the "system of tissues"; and the physiological complexus of the various organs he calls the "system of organs".
From his many accurate descriptions, it is evident that his researches extended to many animals, and particularly to insects. He innovated in comparative anatomy, with ideas not found in Malpighi, Morgagni, Leeuwenhoek, or Haller, the path-finders in microscopic anatomy.

</doc>
<doc id="18744533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744533" title="Rudy Linterman">
Rudy Linterman

Rudy Linterman (born October 30, 1947) is a former professional Canadian football running back who played for the Calgary Stampeders from 1968 through 1977, and for the Toronto Argonauts in 1977. He won the Dr. Beattie Martin Trophy in 1974.
Linterman finished with career totals of 157 games played with 1,399 rushing yards and 4,908 receiving yards and 20 career TDs. Perhaps best known for having 68 receiving yards in the terrible weather that accompanied the 1971 Grey Cup.
Rudy was added to the Wall of Fame at McMahon Stadium on September 14, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18744541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744541" title="Parson Barnard House">
Parson Barnard House

The Parson Barnard House is a historic late First Period house at 179 Osgood Street in North Andover, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1715 by Parson Thomas Barnard after his previous house burned down. The house is one of the most important First Period houses in New England, due its unique, transitional features and excellent state of preservation. For many years it was believed to be the home of colonial governor Simon Bradstreet and his wife Anne.
The house was purchased in 1950 by the North Andover Historical Society, and is open for tours seasonally. The property also includes a late 18th-century carriage house. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974, and included in the North Andover Center Historic District in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18744545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744545" title="Mississippi World War II Army Airfields">
Mississippi World War II Army Airfields

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) established numerous airfields in Mississippi for antisubmarine defense in the Gulf of Mexico and for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Most of these airfields were under the command of Third Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (A predecessor of the current-day United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command). However the other USAAF support commands (Air Technical Service Command (ATSC); Air Transport Command (ATC) or Troop Carrier Command operated a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields. Many were converted into municipal airports, some were returned to agriculture and several were retained as United States Air Force installations and were front-line bases during the Cold War. Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Major Airfields.
AAF Training Command.
.* Greenville was designated as an "Air Base" by Air Training Command while operated as private contractor-operated training facilities in the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="18744548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744548" title="Cristian Agnelli">
Cristian Agnelli

Cristian Antonio Agnelli (born 23 September 1985) is a professional Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for SPAL 1907.
Career.
Club career.
Agnelli began his professional career with hometown club Foggia, making his debut in May 2002. He signed for Lecce in January 2003 and spent loan spells at Verona, Catanzaro, Juve Stabia, Salernitana and Benevento.
Agnelli was released from his contract with Lecce in January 2010, six months early. He consequently returned to Foggia on 6 month contract.
On 7 August 2010, Agnelli signed a 1-year contract with Barletta.
International career.
Agnelli participated at the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18744557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744557" title="Lipovo">
Lipovo

Lipovo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18744560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744560" title="Beverly Grammar School">
Beverly Grammar School

The Beverly Grammar School is a rare historic First Period schoolhouse at 50 Essex Street in Beverly, Massachusetts, USA. The building, now a modest private residence, contains internal evidence that part of it was built c. 1716 for use as a schoolhouse. The diagnosis is based on indicators showing that the two bay structure that forms the house's core had no chimney, and what appear to be drawings by children on elements of an addition made later in the 18th century.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18744561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744561" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Palangkaraya">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Palangkaraya

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Palangkaraya () is a diocese located in the city of Palangkaraya in the Ecclesiastical province of Samarinda in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18744568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744568" title="North Carolina World War II Army Airfields">
North Carolina World War II Army Airfields

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) established numerous airfields in North Carolina for antisubmarine defense in the Atlantic Ocean and for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Most of these airfields were under the command of Third Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (A predecessor of the current-day United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command). However the other USAAF support commands (Air Technical Service Command (ATSC); Air Transport Command (ATC) or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields. Many were converted into municipal airports, some were returned to agriculture and several were retained as United States Air Force installations and were front-line bases during the Cold War. Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Major Airfields.
Troop Carrier Command
Third Air Force
Army Air Force Training CommandAAF Southeast Training Center
Air Technical Service Command

</doc>
<doc id="18744573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744573" title="Blanchard-Upton House">
Blanchard-Upton House

The Blanchard-Upton House is a historic house at 7 Hearthstone Place in Andover, Massachusetts. It is a First Period 2.5 story saltbox, which is distinctive for having an integral leanto section rather than one that was added after other parts of the house. The exact date of its construction is not known: it was probably built by Thomas Blanchard, a cordwainer, sometime between 1699, when he bought the land, and 1740, when he died. There are some features that are suggestive of a later construction date, but these may also have been the result of alterations by Blanchard or his son, who inherited the property.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990, where it is listed at its old address, 62 Osgood Street. At the time of its listing, the property had already been subdivided.

</doc>
<doc id="18744574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744574" title="Cholathadam">
Cholathadam

Cholathadam is a rural area in Kottayam district in the state of Kerala in India. It includes in the village of Poonjar Thekkekara located 15 km far from the town Erattupetta. It consists of a church called St. Mary's Church, two temples, one nursery school, DST Convent and the Gramodayam Library. The ancestors who got the land from the King of Poonjar Palace, cultivated there and made a good culture and civilization. The first ancestors are from the families of Naduthottiyil (Vadakkeputhenpurackal), Vilackunnel,Vadayattu and Plathottathil. Cholathadam consists of Anuggumpadi, Chakkippara and Kaithakulam. This is a place where Christians and Hindu's live unitedly.Now the construction of the new church is ongoing by the leadership of Fr.Jose Keeranchira(Vicar).The all peoples are worked as a team for the construction of new church. 

</doc>
<doc id="18744576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744576" title="South Carolina World War II Army Airfields">
South Carolina World War II Army Airfields

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) established numerous airfields in South Carolina for antisubmarine defense in the Gulf of Mexico and for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Most of these airfields were under the command of Third Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (A predecessor of the current-day United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command). However the other USAAF support commands (Air Technical Service Command (ATSC) and Air Transport Command (ATC) maintained a large base in Charleston.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields. Many were converted into municipal airports, some were returned to agriculture and several were retained as United States Air Force installations and were front-line bases during the Cold War. Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Major Airfields.
AAF Training Command.
Eastern Flight Training Center

</doc>
<doc id="18744581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744581" title="John Boardman House">
John Boardman House

The John Boardman House is a historic First Period house at 6 Lawrence Road in Boxford, Massachusetts. The main portion of the 2.5 story saltbox colonial was built c. 1740 in Saugus, Massachusetts, and features significant First Period details despite its comparatively late date of construction for that period. The house bears some resemblance to the house of John Boardman's grandfather, William (now a National Historic Landmark), which still stands in Saugus. When first built it was a double cell plan central chimney structure; the leanto section in the back is estimated to have been added c. 1800. While still located in Saugus, the building underwent a restoration by Earl Newton with the assistance of Abbott Lowell Cummings. It was moved to its present location in 1956.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18744586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744586" title="Luo Nan">
Luo Nan

Luo Nan (born 1986-11-03 in Anshan, China) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18744590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744590" title="Tennessee World War II Army Airfields">
Tennessee World War II Army Airfields

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) established numerous airfields in Tennessee for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Most of these airfields were under the command of Third Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (A predecessor of the current-day United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command). However the other USAAF support commands (Air Technical Service Command (ATSC); Air Transport Command (ATC) or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields. Many were converted into municipal airports, some were returned to agriculture and several were retained as United States Air Force installations and were front-line bases during the Cold War. Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Major Airfields.
Army Air Force Training Command<BR>"AAF Southeast Training Center"
"Eastern Flying Training Command"
Air Transport Command
Third Air Force

</doc>
<doc id="18744599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744599" title="Bowker Place">
Bowker Place

Bowker Place is a historic commercial building at 144-156 Essex Street in Salem, Massachusetts. Built in 1830 by William Manning, this handsome two story Greek Revival brick building has had a significant role in the civic and economic history of Salem. It was acquired by Joel Bowker in 1844 after Manning went bankrupt. Its tenants have included banks, insurance companies, and the Salem Police Court. One prominent retailer who began operations in this building was William Filene, founder of the Filene's department store chain.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is immediately adjacent to portions of the Downtown Salem District.

</doc>
<doc id="18744600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744600" title="2005 Movistar Open">
2005 Movistar Open

The 2005 Movistar Open was an ATP men's tennis tournament held in Viña del Mar, Chile. It was the 12th edition of the tournament and was held from January 31 to February 6. Gastón Gaudio won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="18744605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744605" title="Bradford Common Historic District">
Bradford Common Historic District

Bradford Common Historic District is a historic district in on S. Main Street in Haverhill, Massachusetts.
The area features Italianate and Gothic Revival architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18744611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744611" title="Bradlee School">
Bradlee School

The Bradlee School is a historic former school build at 147 Andover Street in the Ballardvale section of Andover, Massachusetts. The school was built by the town in 1890. Originally called the Ballard Vale School, it was rededicated in 1894 to Joseph Bradlee, the principal proprietor of the Ballardvale Mills at the time. The brick building features Queen Anne styling, with a tall hipped roof, rounded windows on the first floor, and decorative brick details.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982, at which time it was vacant.

</doc>
<doc id="18744613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744613" title="Silesian Offensive">
Silesian Offensive

The Silesian Offensive was a Russian offensive in 1914, during the First World War. 
It lasted from November 11 till December 6, and consisted of the battle of Łowicz and battle of Łódź. 
While it marked the furthest Russian forces would ever get to the West during the war, it was a tactical Russian victory - but their strategic defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="18744616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744616" title="Sungurlare">
Sungurlare

Sungurlare (, pronounced ) is a town in southeastern Bulgaria, part of Burgas Province. It is the administrative centre of Sungurlare municipality, which lies in the northwestern part of Burgas Province.
Sungurlare lies in a valley 80 kilometres west-northwest of Burgas, 25 kilometres west of Karnobat. The area has been inhabited since antiquity, with several Thracian mounds, pottery and Ancient Roman coins discovered. The present town was first mentioned in Ottoman tax registers in the 16th century. 44 local families moved to present Ukraine during the Ottoman rule of Bulgaria, founding Bulgarian colonies in Crimea.
The town is a well-known centre of winery in Bulgaria, with strong traditions in the production of Bulgarian wine. A museum dedicated to viticulture and winery was founded in Sungurlare in 1984, accommodated in the 1882 house of rich local wine dealers.
Municipality.
Sungurlare municipality includes the following 30 places:

</doc>
<doc id="18744621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744621" title="Bridge Street Neck Historic District">
Bridge Street Neck Historic District

The Bridge Street Neck Historic District is a predominantly residential historic district in Salem, Massachusetts. It encompasses most of a peninsula of land northeast of downtown Salem, on the route connecting Salem to Beverly, which has been the scene of residential, commercial, and industrial development since the early settlement of Salem in the 1630s. Bridge Street, the spine of the district is a thoroughfare connecting Salem to the bridge leading to Beverly. The district is roughly bounded by railroad tracks to its west, the shore of the peninsula to the east, On the north it is bounded by modern (post-1952) developments, and on the south it abuts the Salem Common Historic District. In addition to properties on Bridge Street, the district includes properties on side streets between March/Osgood Streets, and Howard/Webb Streets. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
The City of Salem has approximately 19,000 total residences, of which 6% or about 1,200 units are located in the Bridge Street Neck neighborhood.
Historically, the Bridge Street Neck grew as a gateway district organized along the main road and bridge that connects Salem to the cities of Beverly and Danvers (Bridge
Street/Route 1A). Land use along the road has traditionally been focused on retail and commercial services that cater to residents of Salem and the surrounding communities,and depend on automobile access. Single- and two-family homes are nestled behind commercial properties on both sides of Bridge Street, extending throughout the neck and all the way to the water.
In August 2008, a new bridge and bypass road (named Sgt. James Ayube Memorial Drive in 2011) opened in order to alleviate the bottleneck traffic on Bridge Street. This bypass connects Route 1A in Beverly directly to downtown Salem along the western coast of the Bridge Street Neck neighborhood, with access road entries located only at either end.
In March to August 2009, a study was completed to generate strategies for the revitalization of the Bridge Street Neck neighborhood, one of the oldest settlements in the City of Salem. The strategy's vision is aimed at maintaining the residential character and scale of the neighborhood, and attracting more business and visitors to its commercial areas. The historical character of the neighborhood shall be reflected in its well maintained buildings and streets.

</doc>
<doc id="18744624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744624" title="Kfar Adumim">
Kfar Adumim

Kfar Adumim (. "lit." Red Village) is a mixed religious-secular communal Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located in the Judean Desert, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Binyamin Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 2,500. Khan al-Ahmar, a Bedouin encampment, is located between Kfar Adumim and Ma'ale Adumim. 
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
History.
Kfar Adumim was established in September 1979. Kfar Adumim was one of a number of settlements linked by a road secretly built by settlers in 1995. The road joins Anatot to Kfar Adumim, Nofei Prat, and Alon. According to Pinhas Wallerstein, then head of the Mateh Binyamin Regional Council, the road was one of a number of secretly built roads under construction in the area. Wallerstein claimed that as council head, he did not need permission to construct roads, but that he would stop construction if the Israel Defense Forces told him to. He also said "What are they going to do, tell us to take the road away? If the road is illegal let them take us to court."
Education.
Kfar Adumim is home to the Ein Prat pre-military "mechina", affiliated with the family of Philadelphia 76ers owner and billionaire Joshua Harris. The mechina includes a basketball team made up of 35 Ethiopian Jewish teenagers from Jerusalem's Talpiot neighborhood. The team was founded through an initiative on the part of Stuart Harris, son of Joshua, who used money given to him by his father for his Bar Mitzvah to train the team and to fund Kung Fu lessons and a school tutoring program for the teenagers.

</doc>
<doc id="18744625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744625" title="2nd Special Service Brigade">
2nd Special Service Brigade

The 2nd Special Service Brigade was formed in late 1943 in the Middle East and saw service in Italy, the Adriatic, the landings at Anzio and took part in operations in Yugoslavia.
On December 6, 1944, the Brigade was renamed 2nd Commando Brigade, removing the hated title "Special Service" and its association with the German SS.
Italian Campaign.
The brigade as a formation, was not involved in Operation Husky, the invasion of Sicily, but 40 RM Commando was involved in the assault landings as Army Troops. In Operation Shingle, the assault at Anzio, No 9 Army Commando and 43 RM Commando were the only units involved. The whole brigade would be involved in the Spring 1945 offensive in Italy.
In 1945 the brigade was involved in the Lake Comacchio battle, Operation Roast, where Cpl Tom Hunter of No.43 RM Commando earned a posthumous Victoria Cross for conspicuous Gallantry in single handedly clearing a farmstead housing three Spandau machine guns after charging across 200 metres of open ground firing his Bren gun from the hip, then moving to an exposed position to draw fire away from his comrades by engaging further Spandaus entrenched on the far side of the canal. After Operation Roast the brigade was involved in the follow-up actions until the German surrender.
The brigade remained in the area on security duties until it was disbanded in 1946 
Battle honours.
The following Battle honours were awarded to British Commandos during the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="18744628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744628" title="Jorge Pallo">
Jorge Pallo

Jorge Luis Pallo is an American actor of Hispanic descent. He is known for his role as Marc Molina on "The Secret Life of the American Teenager" and for his appearance on "Sabrina the Teenage Witch" as an extra.
Early life.
Born in New York and raised in Queens, Ecuadorian and Puerto Rican Pallo was known as the "parochial-school punk." He was raised by his single mom, Pat, a once-aspiring singer who never quite figured out how to pursue a career in show business.
Jorge was accepted to NYU's theatre program due to an outstanding essay and performance audition, but it wasn't until his junior year in The Hangar Theatre's Summer Stock production of "A Few Good Men," directed by his mentor Bob Moss, that Jorge really connected with what would be his future career. "Playing Pfc. William T. Santiago changed everything."
After graduation, he toiled in Off-Broadway productions and joined the Latino sketch comedy group "Vaso de Leche." A friend introduced him to his first manager who urged him to move to Los Angeles to further his career.
LA was not very welcoming at first, but he felt he found a home while teaching acting classes at Scott Sedita Acting Studios. A chance meeting with a fraternity brother and casting director at a Texas Hold 'Em poker game won him six days of work on the Cd's film, which got him a SAG card. "I owe my career to Trip Queens!" He jest.
Soon after Jorge booked a series of credible high-profile roles. His first television job was as a guest star on Sabrina the Teenage Witch, followed by a Hallmark Hall of Fame presentation of Missing Pieces, starring James Coburn.
In feature film he worked on Minority Report, War of the Worlds, and Eagle Eye. Jorge says the highlight, of course, was working with Spielberg. Jorge's other television episodic work includes: NYPD Blue, recurring appearances on Resurrection Blvd., The Shield, The Unit, 24 and of course his most notable appearance would be as school counselor, Marc Molina, in several episodes of The Secret Life of The American Teenager.
In 2012 Jorge has had Guest Stars on Desperate Housewives, The Mentalist, C.S.I. NY and a Recurring Role on Sons of Anarchy.
Jorge's Best Friend in LA is his rescue dog: a Lab/Shepherd mix, Estrella (who starred in Hollywood Heart's production of Flipping With The Stars. "She's my soul mates."
Hollywood Heart and Toys for Tots are two charities that are near to his "heart" because "being of service matters." This year he will be co-hosting his 9th annual cocktail party to gather toys for kids for Christmas.

</doc>
<doc id="18744630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744630" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Tanjung Selor">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tanjung Selor

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tanjung Selor () is a diocese located in the city of Tanjung Selor in the Ecclesiastical province of Samarinda in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18744637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744637" title="Sebastian Rudy">
Sebastian Rudy

Sebastian Rudy (born 28 February 1990) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for TSG 1899 Hoffenheim in the Bundesliga.
Career.
Club career.
Rudy joined VfB Stuttgart's youth academy in 2003 and started his senior career in 2007 with the club's reserve team, playing in the semi-professional Regionalliga Süd. He made his professional debut with the same team in the newly established 3. Liga on 2 August 2008 against Union Berlin.
During the summer of 2008, he also signed a contract with VfB Stuttgart's first team, for which he made his competitive debut in the first round of the DFB-Pokal on 10 August 2008 in their 5–0 away victory over Hansa Lüneburg.
International.
He is currently a member of the German national U-21 team.

</doc>
<doc id="18744638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744638" title="Brown Stocking Mill Historic District">
Brown Stocking Mill Historic District

The Brown Stocking Mill Historic District encompasses the (now demolished) mill building of Harry S. Brown's stocking-making factory, and associated mill worker housing Brown had built. Brown, a supervisor at the Ipswich Mills, established his company in 1906, constructed a factory on Brownville Avenue, and built a series of worker housing units on Brownville and several nearby streets. The historic district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. It includes properties at 24—32 Broadway Avenue, 3—41 Brownville Avenue, 10 Burleigh Avenue, 3—5 Burleigh Place, and 35—47 Topsfield Road.

</doc>
<doc id="18744649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744649" title="Brown Square House">
Brown Square House

The Brown Square House, now the Garrison Inn, is a historic pair of rowhouses at 11 Brown Square in Newburyport, Massachusetts. The four story brick rowhouses were built in 1809 and 1810 by Moses Brown, a Newburyport landowner, shipbuilder, and shipping merchant. Brown had planned to build a much longer row, but suffered financial reverses and was unable to build more than the pair. Sometime before 1849 the building was adapted for use as a boarding house. In 1922 it was turned into a hotel, named in honor of abolitionist William Lloyd Garrison, a statue of whom graces the square. That hotel closed in 1948, but the building has since been rehabilitated and reopened under the same name.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975, and included in the Newburyport Historic District in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18744650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744650" title="Chen Huijia">
Chen Huijia

Chen Huijia (born 1990-04-05 in Wenzhou, Zhejiang) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18744659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744659" title="Olen">
Olen

Olen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18744666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744666" title="2006 Movistar Open">
2006 Movistar Open

The 2006 Movistar Open was an ATP tournament held in Viña del Mar, Chile. The tournament was held from January 30 to February 6.

</doc>
<doc id="18744667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744667" title="Brown House (Hamilton, Massachusetts)">
Brown House (Hamilton, Massachusetts)

The Brown House is a historic First Period house at 76 Bridge Street in Hamilton, Massachusetts. Like most early colonial houses this 2.5 story wood frame house was built in stages. The oldest portion, the central chimney and the rooms to its right, are estimated to have been built between 1662 and 1673, based in part on the use of roof constructions methods derived from East Anglian practices that fell out of favor after that time. The left side rooms were built later in the 17th century, using different roof construction techniques, as was a leanto section extending across the width of the house. The leanto was demolished in the early 20th century, but preservationist William Sumner Appleton was able to acquire some architectural elements for the collections of the Society for the Preservation of New England Antiquities (now Historic New England).
The house was built either by John Brown Sr., who acquired the land in 1662, or his son Nathaniel, who was the next owner. It underwent a major restoration in 1920, which included adding a staircase replicating that of the Parson Capen House. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18744675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744675" title="Helios Gómez">
Helios Gómez

Helios Gómez (Seville 1905-Barcelona 1956) is considered as one of most emblematic representatives of Spanish graphics in first half of 20th century. He was a painter, revolutionist, but also an anarchist–communist and a poet.
He was born in Seville at Triana quarter into a very poor Romani family with rural origin. Until his death he was proud of his Romani and Andalusian origin. He first became involved with the visual arts as a simple worker in many porcelain factories of Seville, where he ornamented different objects, at the same time following the School of Craft Arts and Trade of the city. During the 1920s he created his political conscience at anarchist at the revolutionary centers of Iberian Peninsula: Seville and Barcelona. Later he took part in the Avant-Garde of European capitals where he lived as a refugee, especially Paris, Brussels, Amsterdam, Berlin, Vienna, Moscow and Leningrad. During this time and especially since he was a member of National Confederation of Labor (a syndicate founded in Seville on 1910) he proceeded as a draftsman in press, appealing for justice and being expressed without fear against Primo De Rivera's dictatorship and later against Francisco Franco. This was the essentiality of his commitment.
Helios Gomez was the initiator and first president of a professional draftsmen syndicate in Spain with its residency in Barcelona, which he founded in the summer of 1936, to defend the republic through politically engaged posters.
At first he was appreciated for his political avant-gardist designs in black and white, but he worked, exposed and published his pieces in Madrid and Catalonia, when he was dislodged from Andalusia on 1926. From Barcelona he was deported by the political authorities. He asked for lodgment first in France and then in Belgium, Netherlands, Germany, and in the Soviet Union, where he met many Rroms from his country.
He fought on the front of art as well as in military fights during the Civil War in Spain, being a political commissar in Majorca, Madrid and then in Andújar. He was consigned to the responsibility of culture at 26th Division, Durruti column, and according to some witnesses he got together a battalion of Rroms to protect the republic against Franco dictatorship.
In 1939 he was constrained to go to France, along with 500.000 warriors of freedom from Spain. This massive migration is known in history as "Retirada". French authorities enclosed them in some concentration-camps and then they were deported to Algeria, which at that time was part of France, at Gelpfa camp.
Gomez escaped from camp tortures on May 1942 and managed to get a passage to Spain, where he again engaged in illegal activities in the fight against Franco. In 1946 he was arrested again and was thrown into Barcelona jail without a trial or conviction, where he remained for 8 years. Although the decision for his discharge was signed on 1950, he was released only in 1954. He died in 1956.
In 1950 he painted in jail some frescos to honor prisoners and the Virgin Mary, who is the patron saint of prisoners as well as the city of Barcelona. Best known is La Verge de la Mercé (Virgin of mercy) that can be admired until today in a cell close to the one of the prisoners sentenced to death. This cell was transformed into a sacred place and was named Capilla gitana, because of the Rromani inspiration of all characters, described to fresco. Unfortunately this fresco was partly covered by dye on ’70-’80, under the cover of hygiene. In reality the fresco was disliked in the way of prison authorities. It could be restored, but recently the city of Barcelona decided to destroy this historic jail, although it is a symbol of the Franco repression and it was registered in the architectural fond of the country. Its destruction will bear the downfall of it that was discovered only on 2004.
Helios Gomez has created this Capilla gitana under Franco's dictatorship and censorship, alone in his cell, against reticence and deceit, but during that time he has written also some verses: Credo del sur – sonetos y romances (Credo From the South – Sonnets and Romances, 1946), Erika – canto de amor y lucha (Erika – Songs of Love and Combat, 1946), Poemas (Poem, 1947–1950), Poemas sueltos (Poem on the Prowl), Otros poemas (Other Poems ) etc. The Cultural Association Helios Gómez, with its residency in Barcelona, does everything to protect and make known widely this outstanding heritage of the Rromani artist, draftsman and poet, but there are difficulties from authorities who, under the cover of various justifications, deny the values of this activity, however admired worldwide. Its site www.heliosgomez.org facilitates an extremely interesting iconography.

</doc>
<doc id="18744680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744680" title="Brown's Manor">
Brown's Manor

Brown's Manor is a historic house at 115 High Street in Ipswich, Massachusetts.
The Second Empire style house was built in 1886 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18744681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744681" title="Browns (fashion boutique)">
Browns (fashion boutique)

Browns is an independent fashion boutique and international website based in London, United Kingdom. It was founded by Joan Burstein and husband Sidney in 1970. The flagship store is on London's South Molton Street.
History.
Recognised as one of the world’s most important fashion destinations, Joan Burstein founded Browns with her late husband, Sidney, in 1970. Initially a small boutique housed on the ground floor at 27 South Molton Street, Browns grew rapidly expanding through five connecting Georgian townhouses. 
Offering everything from Dior to a Rodarte sweatshirt, Browns has always been a pre-edited destination of the very best pieces, from some of the world’s most famous names to emerging designers. 
Famously credited with discovering talents such as Alexander McQueen, John Galliano and Christopher Kane, Browns has continued to support and promote fashion designers over the last 43 years.
In 2006, Joan Burstein was honoured with a CBE in the Queen’s Birthday Honours List in acknowledgement not only of her achievements at Browns, but for her support of the British Fashion Industry as a whole.
Stores.
Today, Browns is still family owned and run, with Simon Burstein as CEO and Caroline Burstein as creative director. The company includes Brownsfashion.com, Browns at 23-27 South Molton Street with Browns Focus at number 24, Browns at 160 Sloane Street and leading bridalwear stores Browns Bride, 12 Hinde Street and Vera Wang at Browns, 59 Brook Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18744688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744688" title="Love Counts">
Love Counts

Love Counts is a 2005 opera in two acts by Michael Nyman on a libretto by Michael Hastings. 
Performance history.
The opera premiered March 12, 2005 at the Badisches Staatstheater in Karlsruhe, Baden-Württemberg, Germany, directed by Robert Tannenbaum. It was performed in London at the Almeida Opera on July 14, 2006, directed by Lindsay Posner, designed by Peter McKintosh, and conducted by Paul McGrath.
Synopsis.
The opera begins with Patsy Bear (spelled Bear in the libretto but spelled Blair in the character list), a middleweight boxer, punching leaves on a tree. Avril Ainger, a mathematics lecturer, encounters him while riding her bicycle and they have a conversation. The next day, Avril passes by the gym where Patsy fights. His manager has dropped him. He is waiting for the bus, but when the driver arrives, he will not tell Patsy the number, for Patsy is illiterate and has difficulty even recognizing numbers. She accompanies him back to his hut and they learn more about each other, Patsy's limitations, and the hurt of Avril's first marriage. They go to a restaurant, and Avril tries to help Patsy will the bill, but he is typically one to walk off without paying.
She begins teaching him basic mathematics, starting with familiarizing him with all the digits, but he only wants to make love.
The second act is set mostly in Avril's bedroom, jumping backward and forward in time, often with the characters changing clothes in front of the audience.
Avril asks Patsy about the nature of his erections because her previous husband could get them only if he hit her. After they make love for the first time, Patsy's manager calls and tells him that a new lad wants him to be his trainer.
The lessons continue, and Nyman uses a found number system based on Albert Riemenschneider's collection of "371 Bach Chorale Harmonisations", although Patsy surely knows nothing of Johann Sebastian Bach's work. He compares this to Dr. P's use of Robert Schumann in "The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat".
Avril wants Patsy to promise he will not get back in the ring. She cuts up his gear. She takes off her top and hits him, saying she does not want to be hurt again. Patsy asks her to be more ladylike and make love.
Later, she gets a phone call, and collapses at what she hears. Patsy has fallen into a coma. The doctor says he will regain his memory if she keeps talking to him.
In the final scene, Avril pushes Patsy, now in a wheelchair, down the street where they first met, express their desire to make love, and go through their counting routine.
Recording.
A recording based on the Almeida production was released in 2007 featuring Andrew Slater as Patsy Bear (bass) and Helen Williams as Avril Ainger (soprano). It is the 57th Michael Nyman album.
Personnel.
The Michael Nyman Band

</doc>
<doc id="18744703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744703" title="Austin Brown House">
Austin Brown House

The Austin Brown House is a historic late First Period house at 1028 Bay Road in Hamilton, Massachusetts. The oldest part of the house is the central core, a 2.5 story structure with a central chimney, was built c. 1725. A leanto section was added to the rear in the 18th century, and an ell was added to the left in the 19th century. At some point the leanto section was raised to a full two stories. In 1907 the house underwent significant restoration and enlargement, adding the right-side wing and replacing the roof with a higher pitch one with three gable dormers. The exterior was stuccoed at this time. Despite these changes, the First Period core of the house is largely preserved.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18744723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744723" title="Buildings at 24-30 Summer St.">
Buildings at 24-30 Summer St.

The Buildings at 24—30 Summer St. are a series of brick rowhouses in Lawrence, Massachusetts. The three story Second Empire residences were built in 1877 for Joseph Bushnell and E. S. Yates as rental properties. They have had only minor exterior alteration since their construction.
The buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18744726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744726" title="Zhou Yafei">
Zhou Yafei

Zhou Yafei (; born 1984-01-17 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18744739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744739" title="Naked Justice (Patrick Fillion)">
Naked Justice (Patrick Fillion)

Naked Justice is a fictional character in the "Naked Justice" and "Guardians of The Cube" comic book series created by Patrick Fillion.
History.
While on a vacation in the deserts of Egypt, a young and adventurous Felix Himner, seeking a break from his harsh and disapproving parents, found himself in the presence of the ancient Pharaoh, King Cock-A-Tut. The Pharaoh endowed Felix with tremendous, ancient power, thus forever transforming him in to the incredibly hung Naked Justice. It is not known why Felix was chosen to receive this power, but one thing is certain, since his transformation, Naked Justice has taken a serious bite out of crime in Gateway City.
Recently arrested for indecent exposure, Naked Justice was thrown into prison. Jeanne Darque, leader of the Guardians of the Cube, busted him out of jail in order to make him a rather unique offer: become a member of the Guardians of the Cube.
Since joining the group, Naked Justice has enjoyed Jeanne Darque’s hospitality, and taken residence in her Manor, the home base of the Guardians. He has also had his name cleared of all charges by officer Pascale Dimorne, an ally of the Guardians.
It was clear from the moment that Naked Justice and Ghostboy met that they were very attracted to one another. The two men eventually became lovers, but their relationship was put on hold when Ghostboy’s body was usurped by the villain called Daddy Longlegs, leaving the heroes’ soul to wander the astral plane.
Naked Justice and the other Guardians of the Cube searched for their teammate for several months, but eventually gave Ghostboy up for dead. A shattered NJ has attempted to move on from the loss, but would not have to do so for long, for Ghostboy’s spirit returned in the body of a young woman, determined to get his male body back from the villain who stole it.
Try as he might, Naked Justice has not been able to be intimate with his lover while he inhabits the body of a woman. This has caused a severe rift between them, and though Ghostboy insists he can understand NJ’s point of view, he secretly resents him for not providing much needed comfort and reassurance.
Naked Justice has recently found his own comfort in the arms of fellow Guardian of the Cube, Space Cadet. Though neither Naked Justice or Ghostboy have ended their romance, whether it endure through this rough patch remains to be seen.
Notes.
Naked Justice has a good heart, but is shallow and self-absorbed, and some might say, he has a bit of an overactive sex drive. His relationship with fellow Guardian Ghostboy has motivated some interesting changes in Naked Justice. For the first time in a long while, he actually seems to genuinely care for someone other than himself.

</doc>
<doc id="18744742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744742" title="David Burnham House">
David Burnham House

The David Burnham House is a historic First Period house on Pond Street in Essex, Massachusetts. The two story five bay wood frame colonial is said to have been built c. 1684 by David Burnham, son of Thomas Burnham, an early settler of the Essex area. The house remained in the Burnham family for almost 150 years. It was the subject of restoration work in the early 20th century by the Essex Institute under the auspices of George Francis Dow. At this time its kitchen fireplace, said to be the largest known in Essex County was uncovered. Modern facilities were added to the house in the 1960s.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18744745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744745" title="Shadow Play (horse)">
Shadow Play (horse)

Shadow Play (foaled 5 June 2005) is a world record holding standardbred racehorse. He was sired by The Panderosa, out of Matts Filly, a Matts Scooter mare. The colt was purchased as a yearling for $16 000, and is currently owned by Dr Ian Moore of Charlottetown, PEI, R G McGroup LTD of Bathurst, NB, and Hockey Hall of Fame inductee, Serge Savard of Saint-Bruno, Quebec.
2 Year Old Campaign.
Shadow Play made his racing debut on 21 June 2007 in Charlottetown, PEI. With owner/trainer Dr Ian Moore at the controls, he powered away from a field of maiden pacers to win by 4-1/2 lengths.
Shortly thereafter, Dr Moore shipped the colt to Ontario where he raced for the remainder of his 2-year-old year. He finished 2nd in 2 legs of the Dream Maker Pacing Series, followed by a 4th in the final.
The highlight of his year was a 3rd place finish in an elimination of The Metro Pace at Mohawk. Stricken with another outside post, Shadow Play never really got into the race despite pacing his own mile in 1:51-3/5.
Shadow Play completed his freshman campaign with a mark of 1:57.2 (taken at Mohawk Racetrack) while compiling 3 wins, 3 seconds, and 3 thirds in 13 starts earning $31,151.
3 Year Old Campaign.
On 12 April 2008, Shadow Play surfaced for his sophomore year with an eye-catching 1:58 qualifier in Charlottetown, where he was 14 lengths the best. He returned to the track one week later to make his parimutuel debut, where he once against overpowered the field by 13 lengths for a 1:56 victory.
Shadow Play's next start came in the Diplomat Pacing Series at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, ON where he return a winner in a new career best 1:52-1/5. After winning both his starts in the initial legs of the Diplomat, Shadow Play was sent away as favourite in the final where he finished a fading 4th.
On 1 July 2008, Shadow Play made his racing debut for high-profile trainer Mark Ford. Leaving from the outside at Pocono Downs, a 5/8-mile track in Wilkes-Barre, PA, Shadow Play finished an impressive third after being parked every step. The winner, Upfront Hannahsboy, set a new track record for 3-year-old colt & gelding pacers by virtue of his 1:49-2/5 victory.
Shadow Play then reeled off two consecutive victories at Pocono Downs, winning in 1:50-1/5 and 1:49-4/5, before breaking stride in a Pennsylvania Sires Stake event at The Meadows Racetrack and Casino near Pittsburgh, PA.
On 1 August 2008, Shadow Play created buzz around the racing world with his eye-popping victory in an elimination of the Coors Delvin Miller Adios. With leading Grand Circuit driver David Miller in control, Shadow Play eased off the gate before making his move. Clearing just before the half, Shadow Play opened up by 2 lengths on the field and maintained that advantage as he powered home in a world record, for 3-year-old colt & gelding pacers on a 5/8-mile track, 1:48-2/5. This mile was 2/5-seconds from the all-aged world record, and tied the 2nd-fastest mile on a 5/8th-mile track ever. He returned 8 days later to capture the $350,000 final of the Adios with a time of 1:50-4/5.
On 9 September 2008, it was announced that Shadow Play was named Horse of the Year at Pocono Downs.
On 18 September 2008, Shadow Play once again stepped his way into the record books. In his first heat of the Little Brown Jug, Shadow Play tied Mr Feelgood's stakes record of 1:50 scoring over Badlands Nitro. Though that record was broken in the next race, by Lonestar Legend, Shadow Play returned to capture the Little Brown Jug winning the second heat in a time of 1:50.1, setting a new two-heat world record for 3-year-old pacing colts.
10 October 2008 marked another milestone for Shadow Play as he returned a first-up winner over Badlands Nitro in the $275,000 Windy City Pace at Maywood Park. The time of 1:50.4 sets a new stakes record, lowering the 1:51.3 mark set in last year's edition by Booze Cruzin.
4 Year Old Campaign.
After a promising start to his 4-year-old campaign, Shadow Play soon experience trouble that would put his season in question. It started with sickness in his Molson Pace elimination, and was followed by a foot separation in each foot - just over a month apart. Just one week removed from his latest separation, Shadow Play put on a true display of heart by returning a 14-1 winner in a new best 1:47.4 while holding off the great Mister Big in the US Pacing Championship at The Meadowlands on 8 August 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18744760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744760" title="E. A. Smith (company)">
E. A. Smith (company)

E. A. Smith AS is a Norwegian trading company which owns other companies in the Smith Group ("Smith-gruppen"). It has its headquarters in Trondheim. It owns Bygger'n, a nationwide building materials chain of approximately 100 stores. 
The firm was founded in 1869 by wholesaler Elias Anton Smith (1842–1912). One of the sons of Elias Anton Smith was Norwegian American, chemical engineer Elias Anton Cappelen Smith who was a partner in Guggenheim Brothers of New York City, and gave large donations to Norway. 
From the start, the company dealt with trade on iron and hardware, oil and derivatives, as well as cement and coal. These products would be the company's main interest in the following years. Elias Anton Smith's company flourished, and became well known both by the town's public, and in the larger districts of Trøndelag and Northern Norway.
The Smith group is today established in large parts of the country, and is Norway's only complete supplier of steel, metals, building materials, lumber, reinforcement and tools with customer service and logistics. The headquarters are based in Trondheim, where E. A. Smith AS deals with central finance, accounting and IT services for the whole Smith group. It is today one of the country's oldest active trading companies. The company is still owned by descendants of Elias Anton Smith, with Trond Reinertsen as President.

</doc>
<doc id="18744762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744762" title="Bartolommeo Fumo">
Bartolommeo Fumo

Bartolommeo Fumo (died 1545) was an Italian Dominican theologian.
Life.
Fumo was born at Villon near Piacenza. At an early age he entered the Dominican Order and made great progress in all the ecclesiastical sciences, but especially in canon law. He was distinguished as an inquisitor at Piacenza.
Works.
He is best known for his work, "Summa casuum conscientiae, aurea armilla dicta". This work, which was dedicated to Catalano Trivulzio, Bishop of Piacenza, went through many editions, including those of Antwerp (1591) and Lyons (1594). It contained, in brief and compendious form, a digest of all similar explanations since the thirteenth century. He gives a clear case against probabilism. 
He is also the author of "Expositio compendiosa in epistolas in Pauli et canonicas", and book entitled, "Poemata qaedam". His first work, "Philothea, opus immortalis animi dignitatem continens", was dedicated to Catalano before he became bishop.

</doc>
<doc id="18744768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744768" title="Liu Zige">
Liu Zige

Liu Zige (, born March 31, 1989 in Benxi, Liaoning) is a world record holding swimmer from China. She swam for China at the 2008 Olympics, where she won the women's 200  butterfly in a new world record (2:04.18).
Career.
She won the women's 200 m butterfly Gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. In the final, she clocked a time of 2:04.18, smashing Jessicah Schipper's world record by over 1 second, and won China's only gold medal in swimming at the Games. Her teammate, Jiao Liuyang, took the silver in 2:04.72, also under the former world mark. Schipper took the bronze in 2:06.26.
Liu's win was considered a big upset, as she was relatively unknown prior to the Beijing Games. She made her international debut at the 2005 World Championships, where she placed 20th in the 200 m butterfly at 2:14.25. She progressed steadily afterwards, and prior to the Olympics, her best time was 2:07.76, from the Chinese Olympics Trials.
Liu, nicknamed "Lucy," spent some time training under Jessicah Schipper's swimming coach, Ken Wood, and Wood sold Schipper's training program to Liu's coach. She would eventually beat Schipper and broke her world record in 200 meter butterfly during the 2008 Summer Olympics.
In 2009, Liu regained the 200m butterfly world record from Schipper at the Chinese National Games, with a time of 2:01:81 to win the gold medal. She later added the short course world record at the World Cup in Stockholm (2:02:50). She then even shortened that time in the next meet at Berlin with the time of 2:00.78.

</doc>
<doc id="18744770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744770" title="Frank Warne">
Frank Warne

Frank Belmont Warne (3 October 1906–29 May 1994) was an Australian cricketer who played first-class cricket for teams on four continents during a 95-game career that stretched from the mid-1920s to the early 1940s.
Warne made his first-class debut for Victoria against Tasmania at the MCG in January 1927. He scored 20 in his only innings, and picked up five wickets in the match as Victoria won the game by an innings.
Although he played several minor games for Victoria Colts over the next couple of seasons — he once took 12 wickets against South Australia Colts
— his only other first-class appearance for Victoria came against Tasmania (again) in February 1929. Warne opened the batting in the first innings, but made only 1; he was more successful with 33 not out down the order in the second innings.
He never played in the Sheffield Shield.
It was five years before Warne would taste first-class cricket again, and when the time came it was in England, for Worcestershire, taking 3-33 in the first innings against Oxford University.
Late in the season, he played three County Championship games, hitting 62 against Yorkshire.
That winter, he went to India and after one appearance for the Indian University Occasionals against a Viceroy's XI, he played for Retrievers in the Moin-ud-Dowlah Gold Cup Tournament. After a win by a concession in the semi-final (opponents Hyderabad Cricket Association XI were heading for an innings defeat) Retrievers won the final against Freelooters by three wickets, although Warne's contribution was minimal (one wicket, one catch and 2 in his only innings).
He then played for the Europeans against the Hindus in the Bombay Quadrangular, taking four first-innings wickets and scoring 49 and 1, though the Europeans were defeated by an innings.
Warne was back with Worcestershire for the 1935 English season, and had the most successful summer of his career. He hit precisely 1,000 first-class runs (the only time he ever achieved that landmark), and took 44 wickets, by some distance his highest season's tally.
From then until 1938, he was largely a county player, although in both 1935-36 and 1937-38 (but not 1936-37) he went back to India in the English winters to play for a variety of teams, including three times for the semi-official
Australians in 1935-36 and once in each season for the Europeans. His best first-class bowling return was the 6-51 he took for Worcestershire against Northamptonshire in July 1935,
while in May 1936, he made his highest first-class score when he struck 115 for Worcestershire against Lancashire.
Warne made no first-class appearances in 1939, instead turning out (with some success) as the professional for Rishton in the Lancashire League. He then went to South Africa and played once for Transvaal in 1941-42.
His career came to an end the following season, when he played two games. The first was in December 1942 for The Rest against an Air Force XI, in which he scored 108;
while his last first-class game of all came in March 1943, when he appeared for The Rest against the First South African Division; he took five wickets in the match and scored 21 and 42*.
Warne's father Tom Warne had played 46 matches, mostly for Victoria, in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="18744778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744778" title="James Burnham House">
James Burnham House

The James Burnham House is a historic First Period house at 37 Heartbreak Road in Ipswich, Massachusetts. Burnham, who was apparently a wealthy man, lived in three different houses in the area from the 1670s to 1703. This is house is believed to be one that he purchased from Samuel Poad in 1677, based on what is known of the various properties and related transactions. The main body of the house exhibits no exposed evidence of its 17th century origins, but analysis of its structure reveals a set of features that make it nearly certain that it was built well before 1700. These diagnostic features include unusually large rooms, of a scale comparable to others in Ipswich, a spacing between joists that is distinctive to pre-1683 Ipswich houses, and a relatively steep roof pitch. Most of these features were covered over by alterations made to the interior during the Federal period, and the building's attic space has been finished over. A two story ell was added onto the back of the house in the 19th century, and a porch was added in the 20th.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18744789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744789" title="SpartaDOS X">
SpartaDOS X

SpartaDOS X (or SpartaDOS 4.0) is a disk operating system for the Atari 8-bit family of computers that closely resembles MS-DOS. It was developed and sold by ICD, Inc. in 1987-93.
History.
SpartaDOS X is named after its predecessors, SpartaDOS 1.0, 2.0 and 3.0 (also ICD products), and enjoys good level of backward compatibility with the older SpartaDOS software. But it is not, contrary to what can be thought considering the name and the version number, a newer version of SpartaDOS 3.0. It was a completely new system, written from scratch.
SpartaDOS X 4.0 was originally developed by Michael Gustafson in
1987-89, and shipped on 64k ROM cartridges by
ICD, Inc.
up to version 4.21. The cartridge contained an additional cartridge slot on itself, so that it was possible to plug-in another cartridge, such as ICD's R-Time 8 battery-backed clock, a language cartridge (Action!, MAC/65 etc.) or a game cartridge, and use it in conjunction with the DOS.
In 1992 Atari Corp. dropped all the official support for their 8-bit computers, and so did ICD shortly after that. The rights for the 8-bit ICD inventory were purchased in November 1993 by some Michael Hohman, officially as Fine Tooned Engineering (FTe). FTe released a (barely) updated version 4.22 on 5 November 1995, and, after two or three years, having financial problems, disappeared together with all the items and rights it owned.
Ten years later development of SpartaDOS X, then considered abandonware, was picked up by its enthusiasts, as SpartaDOS X Upgrade Project. It resulted in several unofficial revisions of the software, incorporating many of the utilities written since 1992, cleaning many identified problems and including numerous improvements. the published versions are: 4.31 (2005), 4.39RC (2006), 4.40 (a leaked-out beta, 2006), 4.41 (Feb. 2008), 4.42 (Dec. 2008), 4.43 (Apr. 2011), 4.44 (Jun. 2011), 4.45 (Nov. 2011) and 4.46 (Jan. 2013).
Characteristics.
General.
SpartaDOS X is a non-multitasking operating system intentionally modeled after and closely resembling MS-DOS in look and feel. It consists of the kernel, the system library, several types of drivers, the shell (called COMMAND.COM) and a number of utility programs. SpartaDos X is written in 6502 machine language and fits into a 128k file-oriented ROM cartridge.
Supported storage devices.
There is full support for Atari-type serial disk drives as well as for parallel hard drives, as long as they conform to Atari standards (i.e. as long as they use the "plug-and-play" Parallel Bus Interface (PBI) mechanism implemented in the ROM OS of the XL/XE computers). For those which do not, and for ramdisks and the like, up to four block-device drivers can be installed. Nonstandard hard disk interfaces like Mr. Atari's MYIDE Device and SIDE HDD cartridge are handled by specialized drivers [http://www.atari8.co.uk/].
The maximum number of drives (or hard disk partitions) connected at a time is 15 as of version 4.40 (9 in earlier versions).
Kernel built-in functions.
The kernel allows to open files and directories in read-only, write-only, write-append and read-write modes. It also maintains environment variables, and programs may request files to be searched through directories specified in $PATH. The variables also control some settings for the DOS as well as for programs, for example the format of date and time to be displayed (the choice is between the "European" DD-MM-YY and 24 hour clock, and "American" MM-DD-YY and 12 hour clock).
The file system drivers.
Thanks to some form of virtual filesystem, practically any filesystem can be directly accessed, if an appropriate filesystem driver exists and was loaded to the memory. Up to eight such drivers can be installed at a time.
The main filesystem driver (fitting within less than 4.5 KB) can search directories (FFIRST/FNEXT), read/write files (FREAD/FWRITE), retrieve or change the current position within a file (FTELL/FSEEK), retrieve the file's length (FILELENG), delete files and directories (REMOVE/RMDIR), rename files and directories (RENAME/RENDIR), make directories (MKDIR), change attributes in files and directories (CHMOD), change current directory (CHDIR), retrieve path to current directory (GETCWD), collect information about the disk (GETDFREE), and make a binary file bootable (SETBOOT). It also maintains the queued buffer cache that can hold up to 16 sectors (8 KB) at a time.
The SpartaDOS file system.
The proprietary file system format, called SpartaDOS FS, (unrelated to and not compatible with MS-DOS FAT) offers full support for subdirectories, MS-DOS-like attributes (AHPS: "Archived", "Hidden", "Protected", "Subdirectory"), modification date and time stamps, random access to data within a file, sparse files.
The file naming convenience is 8+3 (this scheme, inherited from CP/M, is normal on Atari). The directory structure is hierarchical, there are no other than practical limits in nesting directories. A directory can contain up to 1423 entries of files and other directories.
The file system is 16-bit: a drive can contain up to 65535 logical sectors (sector 0 does not exist on Atari disks). The logical sector size is 128 or 256 bytes in earlier versions, and 128, 256 and 512 bytes as of v. 4.40. This makes a maximum capacity of 16 MB per partition in earlier versions, and 32 MB as of v.4.40. A 4 GB per disk - by making sector clusters, up to 65536 bytes per cluster - is theoretically possible, but not yet implemented.
The DOS library.
The system library contains a binary loader supporting standard, address-dependent Atari binaries as well as SpartaDOS X address-independent ("relocatable") binary files. It also facilitates such tasks as error handling, parsing the command line, as well as managing memory, file and device resources etc. The library also contains a menu-driven disk formatter, that can be invoked at any time, not only from the DOS' Command Processor, but also from within an application program.
The entire library occupies 24 KB of the cartridge (in three banks, 8 KB each) and can be switched off as necessary to release some memory.
The COMMAND.COM.
In most 8-bit home computers the internal BASIC interpreter serves as the default user interface. 8-bit Ataris are an exception here, because Atari BASIC is not needed to operate the computer - some models, such as 1200XL, do not contain it, and on all others its use is optional. So, every DOS for Atari contains less or more complex UI, that makes the computer usable even when no language cartridge is available.
SpartaDOS X' default user interface is a command-line interpreter similar to the MS-DOS' one, and named COMMAND.COM.
This COMMAND.COM in less than 4 KB includes around 45 internal commands performing usual tasks such as DIR, CD, DEL etc. I/O redirection is performed in MS-DOS-like manner, the only difference being, that "«" and "»" character compounds are used to redirect input and output respectively instead of "<" and ">" in MS-DOS (this is so because the ">" sign is the SpartaDOS' native path separator).
Pseudo-pipelines are available as of SpartaDOS X version 4.42.
Batch files can contain structured conditionals like IF ... ELSE ... FI, jumps (GOTO and GOSUB), procedures.
The environment variable $COMSPEC may point to an alternative command-line interpreter, the COMMAND.COM is not loaded then.
Utility programs and optional extensions.
Additional utility, called RUNEXT, allows to associate data types with programs to be invoked automatically, when the user enters the name of the data file at the DOS prompt and hits the Return key.
A program called MENU, closely resembling the PC utility XTree, facilitates complex file management tasks and can serve as a replacement shell. Other utilities allow to change disk names, search disks for files, undelete them, install keyboard buffer, edit system files (CONFIG.SYS and AUTOEXEC.BAT) and so on. A port of ARC (SEA's archiver, very popular before ZIP has appeared) gives archiving facilities.
Among the dedicated programs, which are not directly available on the cartridge and thus are not bundled with the DOS itself, there are disk editors available as well as utilities to check and repair filesystem consistency.
Configuration.
At startup, a text file called CONFIG.SYS is read from the boot disk. The contents of the file decides, which memory the DOS will use to keep the bulk of its code and drivers (the choice is between the extended memory and two areas of the conventional 64K), how many files can be opened at a time, the size of the buffer cache and its location in the memory (same choices as for the DOS code), the default environment variables, and which drivers to load.
Apart from the "main" one, there can be up to 9 alternative configuration files. The choice between them is offered at startup in a form of a menu. When no CONFIG.SYS file is present, the default one is loaded from the cartridge.
The other default file that can be used for configuration is AUTOEXEC.BAT. It is a batch file that is run by the COMMAND.COM, when the COMMAND.COM is loaded for the first time.
Requirements.
SpartaDOS X requires an Atari 8-bit (400, 800 or XL/XE models) computer equipped with at least 48 KB of conventional memory to run, or 64 KB to be truly usable (on a 48K machine there is too little memory left as to execute most programs). The recommended configuration, though, is at least 128 KB of RAM (64k conventional plus at least 64k extended). The DOS can use the extended memory to keep large portion of its code, buffer cache and internal structures thus releasing the conventional memory. The rest of the extended memory can be used for additional drivers or ramdisks.
Relation to other DOS-es for Atari.
Unlike its predecessor, SpartaDOS 3.0, SpartaDOS X is not what is commonly referred to as a "DOS" in Atari 8-bit parlance.
The Atari 8-bit Operating System consists of two main parts: the ROM-based "OS" and bootable "DOS". The common misconception about that division is that these respective parts correspond to BIOS and DOS on an IBM PC compatible machine. In reality the "OS" is responsible for communication not only with the block devices (like PC BIOS), but also for character devices, including file-oriented ones (like PC DOS). Consequently, all the file management functions are centralized in the "OS"-part, and the "DOS"-part is only one of its subordinated device drivers, that performs on a mass-storage media (like floppy disk).
A "DOS" for Atari, then, typically consists of the aforementioned device driver (called FMS, "File Management System"), and an application program playing the role of the OS shell. This shell is typically called DUP, "Disk Utility Package". All the communication between the user programs (including the DUP) and FMS goes through the CIO ("Central Input/Output") residing in ROM.
Such a design has some shortcomings, for example, no typical DOS is able to keep more than eight files opened at a time, because this is the limit imposed by the API of the ROM-based "OS".
Now SpartaDOS X, even though it is registered in the ROM-based CIO as a device driver and (for backward compatibility) performs all typical DOS functions as requested that way, is in fact independent of the CIO. Instead, it has own "I/O centre" (known as "the kernel"), not related to the ROM-based OS, with own set of specifiers and drivers for both character devices (like CON: or COM:) and block devices.
Under SpartaDOS X programs can perform all the I/O operations through the SpartaDOS kernel bypassing the Atari OS in ROM completely. Thanks to that it was possible to break many of its limitations: e.g. there can be as many as 16 files opened at a time. This also makes SpartaDOS X (unlike, for example, its predecessor SpartaDOS 3.2, or any other DOS for Atari) an operating system, not just another device driver with some sort of a shell.
Relation to MS-DOS.
SpartaDOS X is in fact unrelated to MS-DOS. It is a proprietary OS, that imitates some features of MS-DOS as the standard of the time (late 80's - although this already was a 16-bit era, many 8-bit computers were still in serious use). This is not a slavish imitation. The most visible differences are:

</doc>
<doc id="18744801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744801" title="Johan Lundström">
Johan Lundström

Dr. Johan N. Lundström, born 1973, is a biologist and psychologist.
He was awarded his Ph.D. in 2005 from Uppsala University and is most notable for his chemosensory work, and currently works at the Monell Chemical Senses Center. His experiments involve the use of neuroimaging and testing of human behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="18744808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744808" title="Burnham-Patch House">
Burnham-Patch House

The Burnham-Patch House is a historic house at 1 Turkey Shore Road in Ipswich, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story Colonial stands on a plot of land purchased by Thomas Burnham in 1667, occupying a prominent position on Turkey Shore Road, a historically important path to the coast. The house itself appears to have been built around 1730, with evidence that some of its beams were reused from an older, 17th century, structure. Its irregular interior floorplan suggests that it may have been built following the old house's floorplan. The property remained in the Burnham family until 1795, when it was sold to Colonel John Patch, a leading local figure in the American Revolutionary War. In 1814 the house was purchased by Abner Day, who operated a tavern on the premises for many years.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It is under a local preservation restriction.

</doc>
<doc id="18744819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744819" title="Jiao Liuyang">
Jiao Liuyang

Jiao Liuyang (; born August 6, 1991 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and finished second in the 200 m butterfly at 2:04.72, behind her teammate Liu Zige, who won the race in 2:04.18. Both girls were under the former world record held by Australia's Jessicah Schipper (2:05.40).
Before the Olympics, Jiao had competed at the 2007 World Swimming Championships in Melbourne, where she was 4th in the 200 m butterfly (2:07.22).
Personal Bests.
In long course

</doc>
<doc id="18744832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744832" title="J.E. Buswell House">
J.E. Buswell House

The J.E. Buswell House is a historic house at 535-537 Prospect Street in Methuen, Massachusetts built in 1875.
This house is a well preserved businessman's and state representative's residence, and characteristic of the Prospect/Brook Street residential are. It is also the finest remaining example of Second Empire design in the city.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places January 20, 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18744851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744851" title="Kleine Schriften">
Kleine Schriften

The title is usually reserved for the collected works of a scholar who wrote primarily in German or whose first language was German. The collection of a scholar who worked or taught internationally will often contain essays in more than one language; the multi-volume "" of Walter Burkert, for instance, includes work in German, English, and French. In the case of expatriates, articles in the host language may outnumber those in German. This is particularly true of German philologists who emigrated in the 1930s, many of whom published much of their research in English or French; Friedrich Solmsen's three-volume "Kleine Schriften", in which English articles outnumber German, is an example.
' may also appear as an explanatory subtitle; for example, ', a collection of papers on the extinct Gothic language by Ernst A. Ebbinghaus.
See also.
Festschrift

</doc>
<doc id="18744852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744852" title="Benjamin Stickney Cable Memorial Hospital">
Benjamin Stickney Cable Memorial Hospital

The Benjamin Stickney Cable Memorial Hospital is a historic hospital building at the junction of Massachusetts Routes 1A and 133 in Ipswich, Massachusetts. The Colonial Revival building was built in 1917, following an extended fundraising effort, begun in 1906 and pushed further along by philanthropist and Castle Hill owner Richard T. Crane, Jr., after the 1915 death in a car accident of his friend, Benjamin Stickney Cable. Crane purchased the land on which the building sits and made a further donation of $145,000 to the construction fund.
The building was designed by noted hospital architect Edward F. Stevens in a Georgian Revival style designed to harmonize with the rich colonial heritage of Ipswich. The original part of the building is a 2.5 story brick and terracotta structure in the shape of an H. A major addition in 1961 added a wing to the east side of the building, doubling the available space from 20 to 41 beds, and a dining hall was built into the slope of a hill on the east side of the patients' terrace at the rear of the original building. The most notable architectural parts of the building interior are Memorial Hall and the patients' day room, both richly detailed with paneled wainscoting, leaded-glass French doors, and ornate crown molding.
The hospital closed its doors in 1980, and the building was converted to apartments in the late 1980s. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990, although the 1961 additions to not contribute to this listing.

</doc>
<doc id="18744877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744877" title="Capitol Diner">
Capitol Diner

The Capitol Diner is a historic diner at 431 Union Street in Lynn, Massachusetts.
The J. G. Brill Company in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania built the diner unit in 1928. The restaurant was originally named the "Miss Lynn Diner" and after it was sold in 1938, it was renamed the "Capitol Diner" after the Capitol Theatre formerly across the street. It is believed to be the last operating Brill Diner in the United States. 
The diner is owned by Robert Fennell, and has been in his family since 1938. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18744894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744894" title="Kodai Sakurai">
Kodai Sakurai

Biography.
Early years.
Kodai Sakurai started baseball in his 3rd year in an elementary school. He entered PL Gakuen High School in 1999 and played in the 82nd Japanese High School Baseball Championship in his second year at the high school. He was drafted by the Tigers in 2001.
Nippon Professionnal Baseball.
He played only in the Western League for 5 years because Norihiro Akahoshi, Tomoaki Kanemoto, Osamu Hamanaka, Shinjiro Hiyama and other outfielders played in the Central League. He got the batting average of .350 in 2005 and .291 in 2006.
His first appearance in the Central League (professional debut) was on May 18, 2007. He got over 10 home runs per season for the first time in 2009 season.
References.
Baseball Reference

</doc>
<doc id="18744896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744896" title="Jean-Louis Pesch">
Jean-Louis Pesch

Jean Louis Pesch, from his real name Jean-Louis Poisson, is a French author of comics series, including "Sylvain et Sylvette".
Biography.
Born on 29 June 1928, he has lived at Juvardeil, a little village in Anjou (France). There he learned to love nature and animals. His parents being both drawers, he discovered during his youth the works of several drawers, among them Maurice Cuvillier. He read from 1934 the "Mickey magazine", "Junior", "Aventures", "Robinson", "Hop-là!" and various albums. He decided to become a comics author and began to draw especially humoristic illustrations.
At 14, he passed the selective exam of applied arts school in Paris. During the war, he returned to Juvardeil to work in farming . In 1945, he got engaged in the navy for three years, then he worked in animation. In 1950 he founded an advertisement studio. He worked in magazines for children beginning in 1954: "Capucine", "Mireille", "L'intrepide", "Bernadette", "Coeurs Vaillants", "Ames Vaillantes", "Fripounet et Marisette", "Le Pelerin", and "Tintin". In that time, he created many comics heroes and published some animal stories at Fleurus editions.
He also launched "Pinpinville", adventures inspired from "Le Roman de Renard". As a specialist of animal illustrations, he is proposed to take over the "Sylvain et Sylvette" series in 1956, at Cuvillier's death. In 1964, he created with Henriette Robitaillie the series "Bec-en Fer" published in Le Pelerin. In 1980, he took over alone this series. "Bec-en-Fer" is an humoristic series, very didactic and educational, full of historical allusions and parallelism with ancient times and today's world. This series, in which he denounces comically violence, malice, stupidity le fanaticism, is dedicated to older persons. 7 albums were published between 1980 and 1995. In 1981, he took over Louis Forton and Pellos' "Pieds Nickelés".

</doc>
<doc id="18744901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744901" title="Andreas Lipa">
Andreas Lipa

Andreas Lipa (born 26 April 1971) is Austrian former footballer footballer who played as a Defender and midfielder.
During a 19 year career, Lipa was active as a professional in Austria, Greece and England, playing for First Vienna, LASK Linz, Austria Salzburg, Austria Lustenau, Grazer AK, Skoda Xanthi, Port Vale, Wiener Sport-Club and SV Wienerberg.
He also played at international level, earning one cap for the Austrian national team in 2000.
Club career.
Born in Vienna, Lipa spent his early career in his native Austria with First Vienna, LASK Linz, Austria Salzburg, Austria Lustenau and Grazer AK.
Lipa left Austrian football, and after a trial with English club Portsmouth in January 2002, he joined up with Greek side Skoda Xanthi. Coach Nikos Karageorgiou led the Alpha Ethniki club to a 9th place finish in 2002–03. In June 2003 he returned to England to sign with Port Vale of the Second Division. During a 5–1 defeat to Plymouth Argyle at Vale Park on 18 October 2003, Lipa made a racist comment to Plymouth player Jason Bent. Lipa wrote a letter of apology to Bent and said "he wished he could turn the clock back", but was docked a week's wages. Bent accepted the apology as Lipa claimed to have spoke "in the heat of the moment" and the club also issued a statement of apology, stating Lipa "is in no way racist". Despite this he was still charged by the Football Association. He scored twice in 33 games in 2003–04, finding himself sidelined from the first team after manager Brian Horton was replaced by Martin Foyle. He featured in two League One games for the "Valiants" in 2004–05, and after a spell plagued with injuries he was released in November 2004, returning to his native lands to re-sign with Austria Lustenau. He signed for Wiener Sport-Club in 2006 and the 37-year old moved to SV Wienerberg in summer 2008. Despite being contracted to the club until 2010 he retired by June 2009.
International career.
Lipa made one substitute appearance for the Austrian national side in April 2000 in a 2–1 defeat to Croatia, replacing Günther Neukirchner on 67 minutes. He was handed his debut by Otto Barić, his former manager at Austria Salzburg.
Personal life.
Lipa's English wife, Sarah Adams-Lipa, publicly spoke out against the WAGs culture in British football. She also appeared on the British TV programme 'Come Dine with Me', appearing on fourth week of programmes of the first series in 2005 and winning the £1,000 first prize. In 2009, it was revealed that the couple had been defrauded by Texan swindler Allen Stanford.

</doc>
<doc id="18744906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744906" title="Tannishtha Chatterjee">
Tannishtha Chatterjee

Tannishtha Chatterjee is an Indian actress. She is best known in the West for her performance in the British film "Brick Lane" (2007), the film adaptation of Monica Ali's best selling novel of the same name. She was nominated for the British Independent Film Awards as the best actress for "Brick Lane". Her other notables roles have been in Academy Award-winning German director Florian Gallenberger's film, "Shadows of Time", "Road, Movie" with Abhay Deol and "Bibar" for which she won Best Actress at the 2006 Osian Film Festival and the 2007 BFJA awards.
Early life.
Chatterjee was born in Pune, Maharashtra, to a Bengali Hindu family. Her father was a business executive and her mother was a political science professor. Her family traveled and lived out of the country for some time and then moved to Delhi. She majored in Chemistry at Delhi University and then went to the National School of Drama. Thereafter she worked in India and Europe with well-known theatre directors.
Career.
Chatterjee's first film "Swaraj" won a National Film Award. Chatterjee's performance in the German film, "Shadows of Time" earned her critical acclaim. It took her to international film festivals like Toronto and Berlin. Thereafter she worked on an Indo-French coproduction "Hava Aney Dey" (Let the Wind Blow) directed by Partho Sen-Gupta which premiered at the Berlin Film Festival and won the best film award at the Durban International Film Festival among others. Following these, Chatterjee acted in films like "Strings", "Kasturi" and "Bibar". The Bengali film "Bibar" won her critical acclaim and best actress awards. Her work in the British film "Brick Lane" directed by Sarah Gavron gave her international exposure and recognition. Chatterjee was nominated for the British independent film awards along with actresses like Judi Dench and Anne Hathaway.
Chatterjee has finished filming Ravi Kumar's upcoming film, "" in which she is starring with Martin Sheen. She was the lead in "Road, Movie" with Abhay Deol. Chatterjee is often referred by the Indian media as the "Princess of Parallel Cinema". Chatterjee was referred by the Indian media as the chief flag bearer at the 62nd Cannes Film Festival. She won the best actress award at the Miaac New York Film Festival for her film "Bombay Summer". Referred to as one of the most international of Indian actors, she is the lead in Lucy Liu's film based on the book "Half the Sky".
A trained Hindustani classical vocalist, she sang for movies like "Road", "Page 3", and her own films. She sang at the Royal Opera House in London with well-known British composer Jocelyn Pook.
Chatterjee was in the jury of the 2010 Asia Pacific Screen Awards. Currently she finished shooting for T series film "I Love New Year" opposite Sunny Deol directed by Radhika Rao and Vinay Sapru. Tannishtha appeared in Joe Wright's film "Anna Karenina" (2012). Her film "Dekh Indian Circus" won the audiences choice award in Busan International Film Festival. She won the National Film Award for the same film amongst other awards. She is also featuring in a major role in "Gulab Gang" , a film starring Madhuri Dixit. Her film "Monsoon Shootout" is in official selection at the 66th Cannes film festival. Her Canadian film "Siddharth" is in official selection at the 70th Venice Film Festival and the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. She is the only Indian actress whose films have been selected in three of the major international film festivals in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="18744907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744907" title="Afghans in the United Kingdom">
Afghans in the United Kingdom

Afghans in the United Kingdom include British citizens born in, or with ancestors from, Afghanistan. In 2009, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) estimated that there are 56,000 Afghans living in the UK.
Distribution.
As of the 2001 Census, about 70% of Afghans live in the capital. They are mainly distributed in northwestern areas. As of the 2011 Census, there were 37,680 Afghan-born residents living in the region. Hounslow leads with 4,463 residents, followed by Brent (3,698), Harrow (3,314) and Barnet (3,234). The least-three are Bromley (115), Bexley (109) and Havering (53).
Districts with significant populations include: central and western areas of Brent, western areas of Barnet, southern areas of Harrow and western areas of Ealing, which includes Southall. Smaller communities are found in the southwest and the northeast.
The West Midlands has the second highest number of Afghans, with the larger communities in Birmingham (second highest city in the country), Coventry and Wolverhampton, and minor communities in Walsall.
The six cities after London and Birmingham in terms of Afghan population are Manchester, Leicester, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Southampton, Sheffield and Nottingham. Other cities with notable Afghan communities include Cardiff, Brighton, Bradford, Liverpool, Peterborough, Stockport and Bolton.
As of 2001, the single largest Afghan community in the UK was West Southall, where 1,121 Afghan-born people and many more of Afghan descent live. The locations with the fewest Afghan-born residents are Northern Ireland and Wales, which as subdivisions are estimated to have no greater than 100 Afghan residents each.
History.
Historical migration.
The first Afghan immigrants to the British capital were students, businesspeople and Afghan government officials. It wasn't until years later that significant numbers came in the form of refugees. The first large wave of Afghan immigrants to the UK were political refugees fleeing the 1980s communist regime and numerous others came in the early 1990s escaping Mujahideen. The number skyrocketed later that decade due to the rise of the Taliban in Afghanistan.
Some British Afghans may have probably come from the NWFP of British India before the declaration of Pakistan, as such subsequent people from NWFP became recognized as Pakistanis.
Refugees of war and asylum policies.
As stated earlier, one of the large flows of Afghans to the UK was caused by refugees fleeing Afghanistan after the Taliban came to power. The country has been in a state of political unrest ever since. Despite the flow of immigrants and refugees remaining fairly stable over the new millennium period, the number of Afghans coming to the UK since the mid-2000s has completely eclipsed the recorded number of Afghans in the 2001 census, as more and more are fleeing the threat of violence and even death in their homeland during the War in Afghanistan. In 2003, the British government announced that they would begin enforced repatriation of failed asylum-seekers in April. This marked a break from the previous policy, observed continuously since 1978, of not returning any Afghans to their country of origin whether or not they were deemed to be economic migrants. At the time, roughly 700 Afghans applied for asylum in the United Kingdom each month, making them one of the largest group of asylum-seekers along with Iraqis.
Demography.
Population size.
The 2001 UK Census recorded 14,875 Afghan-born people residing in the UK. The Office for National Statistics estimates that, by 2009, the Afghan-born population had risen to 56,000.
A number of unofficial population estimates have been made. Ethnologue estimates that there are 75,000 native Northern Pashto speakers in the UK, although these may comprise persons of other nationalities as well as Afghans. The number of Pashtuns in the UK is estimated at 100,000 (the largest community of Pashtuns in the Western World) and the majority of Afghan Muslims in the UK are of Pashtun origin, although Pashtuns also originate in parts of Pakistan. Other sources have put the Afghan population in London alone at 45,000 and 56,000. whilst the Afghan Association of London estimates that the population of Afghans in the whole UK stands at 70,000. The International Organization for Migration conducted a mapping exercise in 2006, suggesting that the Afghan population of the UK was 20,000.
Between 1994 and 2006, around 36,000 Afghans claimed asylum in the UK. Many whose claims were refused have not returned to Afghanistan, although the International Organization for Migration has helped some voluntarily return. 5,540 Afghan nationals were granted British citizenship in 2008, down from 10,555 in 2007.
Ethnicity and religion.
One study of Afghan Muslims in England suggests that the majority are of Pashtun ancestry. Overall, there are thought to be up to 100,000 Pashtuns in the UK, forming the largest community of Pashtuns in the West, however most are of Pakistani Pashtun heritage.
Language.
There are language divisions between these different ethnic groups, as most Pashtuns speak Pashto while Tajiks and Hazaras speak Persian. Afghans in the UK are mainly Muslim, most of which are Sunni although there is a significant number of Shi'a. There is also a small Afghan Jewish community in London with a Persian synagogue which has members who are of Iranian and Afghan Persian decent.
According to the 2011 Census, most Afghans are Persian-speakers. However, in some cities such as Birmingham, the Pashto-speaking community outnumber the Persian. This is particularly the case in Bradford where the latter outnumbers the former six-fold.

</doc>
<doc id="18744911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744911" title="Christoffel van Swoll">
Christoffel van Swoll

Christoffel van Swoll (25 April 1668 – 12 November 1718) was Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 17 November 1713 until his death.
He was born in 1663 in Amsterdam. On 19 December 1683, he left for Batavia on board the "Juffrouw Anna" as an assistant in the service of the Dutch East India Company. He arrived in Batavia on 19 June 1664 and began working in the "General Secretariat". He was regularly promoted. In 1686 he was promoted to "Accountant", in 1690 to "First Clerk to the General Secretariat", and in 1691 to "Buyer". In 1696, he was appointed as "Secretary to the High Government" (de Hoge Regering). In 1700 he became "Raad extra-ordinair" (Counsellor extraordinary) and President of the "College van Weesmeesteren" (an orpanage). In 1701 he was named "Raad ordinair van Indië" (Full Counsellor of the Indies). On 3 May 1703 he became President of the "College van Schepenen" (Aldermen) at Batavia. Following the death of Governor-General Abraham van Riebeeck, the Council ("Raad") chose "van Swoll", by a slim majority, as Governor-General (on 17 November 1713). This proposal was sent to the 17 Lords of the Indies ("de Heren XVII") on 18 May 1714 who confirmed his appointment in 1715, despite his difficulty character. His honesty was the deciding factor in those times of corruption and maladministration.
As Governor-General, he put a lot of energy into dealing with the private, or unofficial, trade. In this he was not really successful. In general, there was nothing particularly remarkable about his time in office. He was no great promoter of development, such as extending coffee farming. He was also against extending the territory of the Company, because he thought it would then become ungovernable.He suddenly dropped the price the Chinese got for tea by a third. The result was that the trade in tea (and porcelain) collapsed for years.
Four years after his provisional appointment as Governor-General, he died in Batavia on 12 November 
1718. He was buried in the "Church of the Holy Cross" (Kruiskerk). His successor was named as Hendrick Zwaardecroon.

</doc>
<doc id="18744915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744915" title="Dr. John Calef House">
Dr. John Calef House

The Dr. John Calef House is a historic house at 7 Poplar Street in Ipswich, Massachusetts. It is a well preserved example of a First Period house with high quality Georgian modifications. The core of the house was built c. 1671 by Deacon Thomas Knowlton, who purchased the land on which it originally stood on South Main Street in that year. It was subsequently altered in the middle of the 18th century, acquiring its present Georgian styling. In the 1770s the house was owned by noted Loyalist John Calef. It was acquired in 1777 by John Heard, who moved the house to its present location in order to build a more elaborate Federalist house on the site.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18744929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744929" title="Li Jiaxing">
Li Jiaxing

Li Jiaxing (born 1990-03-19 in Wuhan, Hubei) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18744936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744936" title="Caldwell Block">
Caldwell Block

The Caldwell Block is a historic block on S. Main Street in Ipswich, Massachusetts. It is the oldest surviving building in Ipswich that was designed as a commercial and retail space, and is still used for that purpose. It is located prominently in the center of Ipswich, at the junction of North and South Main Streets, and Central and Market Streets. It was built in 1870 by Luther Caldwell, on the site of an old woolen mill that was destroyed by fire a few years earlier, and features Italianate styling. The building has always housed retail stores on the ground floor and office space above. It is notable as the location of the offices of writer John Updike between 1961 and 1974, when he wrote many of his works there. 
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18744949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744949" title="Tommy Hunter (baseball)">
Tommy Hunter (baseball)

Raymond Thomas "Tommy" Hunter (born July 3, 1986) is an American professional baseball pitcher with the Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball.
Major league career.
Texas Rangers.
Hunter was drafted by the Texas Rangers in the supplemental first round of the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft out of the University of Alabama. The Rangers were awarded a compensatory pick when Mark DeRosa left to go to the Chicago Cubs in free agency.
Hunter made his major league debut on August 1, , taking on the Toronto Blue Jays. In 5 innings, he gave up 6 runs on 8 hits, walking two and striking out four batters.
He recorded his first MLB win on July 3, 2009 against the Tampa Bay Rays, going 5.1 innings of 1 run 5 K ball. He recorded his first Major League complete game on September 13, 2009 against the Seattle Mariners. On October 3, 2009 Hunter gave up Ken Griffey Jr's 630th career home run.
Hunter made his 2010 season debut on June 5, pitching a complete game win against the Tampa Bay Rays. He was 13–4 for the season, with a 3.73 ERA. Hunter started Game 4 of the ALCS vs the Yankees.
Baltimore Orioles.
On July 30, 2011, the Rangers traded Hunter and first baseman Chris Davis to the Baltimore Orioles for reliever Koji Uehara. In the 2012 season, Hunter has posted a 7-8 record. He was a starter for a while, but was optioned to Triple A Norfolk. He was placed in the bullpen as a reliever. As a reliever Hunter's fastball averaged 96 MPH over the month of September, and topped out at 100 MPH, after averaging 91-92 MPH for his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18744954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744954" title="List of A.C. Milan managers">
List of A.C. Milan managers

Associazione Calcio Milan are an Italian professional football club based in Milan, Lombardy, who currently play in Serie A. This chronological list comprises all those who have held the position of manager or technical director (i.e. a manager who has exceeded the age limit, currently set at 65, and is only allowed to manage a professional club if joined by a qualified manager) of the first team of Milan since their foundation in 1899. Each manager's entry includes the seasons he spent at the club, the team's overall competitive record (in terms of matches won, drawn and lost) and honours won during his tenure. Caretaker managers are included, as well as those who have been in permanent charge.
The most successful person to manage Milan is Nereo Rocco, who won two Serie A titles, three Coppa Italia, two European Cups, two Cup Winners' Cups and one Intercontinental Cup during his tenures as head coach and technical director. Rocco has also been Milan's longest-serving manager, managing the club for 459 matches (323 as head coach and 136 as technical director) in five different spells between 1961 and 1977. Milan's longest-serving manager over a single time-span is, instead, Carlo Ancelotti, whose tenure lasted seven years and 236 days, from 6 November 2001 to 30 June 2009.
List of managers.
. "Only competitive matches are counted".

</doc>
<doc id="18744956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744956" title="Isaac Milles">
Isaac Milles

Isaac Milles or Mills (19 September 1638 – 6 July 1720) was an English cleric, often described as the model parish priest of that day.
Origins.
Milles was born on 19 September 1638, the youngest son of Thomas Milles, esq., "a plain country gentleman" of Carrington's Farm, Cockfield, near Bury, Suffolk. He was and baptised 30 September 1638. The family were however distinguished enough to bear arms, which were: "Argent, a chevron between three millrinds sable", with motto ""Pietate et Prudentia"". These arms are visible on the engraving of Isaac Milles by George Vertue in the British Museum. Of his elder brothers, Samuel, of Queen’s College, Cambridge, was a vicar of Royston, Hertfordshire, and John ‘a very considerable tradesman’ at Dedham, Essex. 
Education.
After spending seven years at King Edward VI School. Bury, where Lord-keeper North was among his schoolfellows, Isaac was admitted at St John's College, Cambridge, in 1656, and graduated M.A. in 1663. His tutor at Cambridge was Francis Turner, afterwards the nonjuring bishop of Ely, who was his lifelong friend.
Career.
On leaving the university Milles took holy orders, and became curate in sole charge of Barley, Hertfordshire, the rector, Dr. Joseph Beaumont, master of Peterhouse, being non-resident. In 1674, by the influence of his friend Chief Baron Atkins, he obtained the vicarage.
There he made the acquaintance of Henry Dodwell, and became intimate with Dr. Martin Lluelyn, whose epitaph in Wycombe Church he wrote.
While at Cambridge he had met Edward Colman, Titus Oates’s victim, and seems to have read Colman’s letters to Père la Chaise before they were printed. He came to the conclusion that no popish plot existed, and gave offence by expressing his conviction to that effect in his sermons. It was only the reputation which his high character had won for him which save him from prosecution.
In 1680 he was presented by Sir Robert Sawyer to the living of Highclere, Hampshire, where he remained till his death. Milles took pupils there, including the sons of Thomas Herbert, eighth earl of Pembroke, the new proprietor of Highclere. Chief among his friends at this period were Dr. George Hooper, incumbent of East Woodhay and Ashmandsworth, afterwards bishop of St. Asaph and Bath and Wells, and his successor at Woodhay, John Herne, canon of Windsor. For some time he had scruples taking the oath of allegiance after the revolution, Turner the nonjuror appears to have persuaded him to do so.
Milles, a strong tory and high churchman, was a model parish priest. The parish register of Highclere describes him as ‘for 39 years 2 months and 7 days the constant resident rector and pastor of this parish,’ and records his ‘primitive integrity and piety’ and his charity to the poor. ‘He never refused any of his neighbours that desired to borrow any money of him, leaving it to them to take their own time to repay it, without usury.’ He laid out between 400"l". and 500"l". on the parsonage house and outhouses but ‘never exacted the utmost of his tithes.’
Marriage & progeny.
Milles married in 1670 Elizabeth Luckin (d.1708) of Springfield, Essex, who died of smallpox on 4 Jan. 1708. They had progeny including:
Death & burial.
He died of paralysis on 6 July 1720, and was buried on 9 July in the chancel of Highclere Church, where a black marble slab with a Latin inscription was put up to his memory by his children. A white marble monument with inscription was also placed by his eldest son on the north wall of the chancel. Bromley mentions a rare engraved portrait of him, signed by George Vertue.

</doc>
<doc id="18744967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744967" title="S121">
S121

S121 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18744968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744968" title="Tobin Heath">
Tobin Heath

Tobin Powell Heath (born May 29, 1988) is an American professional soccer player. She is a two-time Olympic gold medalist and FIFA Women's World Cup silver medalist who plays for the United States women's national soccer team. According to the United States Soccer Federation, Heath is "perhaps the USA's most skillful player". Heath usually plays as a flank midfielder or the attacking midfielder. Heath was the first overall pick in Women's Professional Soccer 2010 draft. She currently plays professionally for Portland Thorns FC and Paris Saint Germain.
Early life.
Heath was born in Morristown, New Jersey to parents Jeff and Cindy Heath. She grew up in Basking Ridge, New Jersey. Heath has a younger brother, Jeffrey, and two older sisters, Perry and Katie, who are active in Athletes for Action and Champions for Christ. Heath has said herself she is a proud and devout follower of her Christian faith and is very close to her family Her oldest sister, Katie, played NCAA Division-1 tennis for the University of Delaware. Heath has said she enjoys playing a multitude of sports, such as tennis and surfing, and enjoys playing outside when given the time and opportunity. Tobin was named after her great grandmother's last name.
Heath graduated from Ridge High School in Basking Ridge, New Jersey in 2006, where she was four-year letter winner and a three-time Parade All-American in soccer. She also played for the PDA Wildcats team that won the 2003 Club National Championship.
Heath was ranked as the No. 2 recruit in the nation in the Class of 2006 by Soccer Buzz magazine. She was named to the Parade Magazine All-America team in 2003, 2004 and 2005. Other awards include: Gatorade New Jersey Player of the Year, Newark Star Ledger's First Team All-State squad, and Newark Star-Ledger's New Jersey Player of the Year.
North Carolina Tar Heels.
Heath committed to attend University of North Carolina (UNC) heading into her junior year of high school and did not play high school soccer her senior year, opting instead to train with boys. She was a consensus freshman All-America on UNC’s 2006 national championship team and started 22 of the 23 games she played for the Tar Heels at the left midfield spot, scoring four goals with nine assists. As a sophomore, she scored two goals with five assists and was named to the First-Team NSCAA All-American and First-Team All-ACC. As a junior for the Tar Heels, she scored eight goals with eight assists, helping UNC to a 25-1-2 record and the NCAA title.
As a senior at UNC, she scored five goals with 10 assists for the Tar Heels, who compiled a record of 23-3-1 and pulled out 1-0 victories in both the NCAA semifinal and championship game. She was named to the NCAA All-Tournament Team. She was also the first runner-up for the MAC Hermann Trophy, given to college soccer’s top player.
Heath finished her UNC career with 19 goals and 32 assists. She helped lead UNC to NCAA Women's Soccer Championship titles in 2006, 2008 and 2009 and four straight Atlantic Coast Conference titles. UNC soccer coach Anson Dorrance said himself that Heath preferred to nutmeg opposing players rather than dribble the ball around them. Heath played under #98 at UNC. Heath's academic major at UNC was "Communications".
Club career.
Women's Professional Soccer, 2010–11.
In 2010, she was the first overall pick in the Women's Professional Soccer 2010 college draft and was selected by the expansion Atlanta Beat. After suffering an injury to her right ankle in her third appearance for the Beat, she did not play for the remainder of the 2010 season. She started in all three of her appearances for the club.
On December 10, 2010, Heath, along with Beat teammates Eniola Aluko and Angie Kerr were traded to Sky Blue FC in return for the fourth and eighth pick in 2011 WPS Draft and "future considerations in 2012." Heath made twelve appearances for Sky Blue, starting in three games. The team finished fifth during regular season play with 5 wins, 4 draws, and 9 losses.
New York Fury, 2012.
With the folding of WPS in 2012, Tobin Heath joined New York Fury of WPSL Elite League. She played one game with the team after recovering from an ankle injury during the start of the season and later being called to the national team.
Paris Saint-Germain (PSG), 2013–present.
In 2013, Heath signed a six-month contract with Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) in the top-tier French league, Division 1 Féminine until the end of the season on May 23, 2013. She scored two goals in the seven appearances she made for the club.
Heath returned to PSG in September 2013.
Portland Thorns FC, 2013–present.
The newly established National Women’s Soccer League (NWSL) announced on January 11, 2013 that Heath was one of the seven players allocated to the Portland Thorns FC for their initial roster as part of the NWSL Player Allocation. After completing the season with Paris-Saint Germain, she joined the Thorns in July 2013, helping them attain a third-place finish in the NWSL. The Thorns won the 2013 NWSL Championship after defeating the Western New York Flash 2-0, with Heath scoring the game-winning goal on a free kick. She was voted Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the championship game.
International career.
National youth teams.
Heath played on the U-16 USA Women's National Team from 2003–2004, with the U-17 team in 2004–05 and with the USA Women's U-20 National Team at the 2006 FIFA U-20 Women's World Championship in Russia. She was a standout at the 2006 FIFA U-20 Women’s World Cup in Russia, was one of five players to make the World Cup roster without participating in CONCACAF Qualifying, and was the third youngest player on the World Cup roster. Heath played in 24 matches for the U-20s in 2006, scoring five goals including two in international matches (scored her first international goal at the U-20 level against Canada in April in Brazil). Heath finished her U-20 international career with 14 caps and two goals. Heath started for the silver medal winning USA Women's team in the 2007 Pan American Games in Brazil.
Senior national team debut, 2008.
Heath made her first appearance for the senior team on January 18, 2008 against Finland in the Four Nations Tournament. Heath nutmegged a Finland player on her first touches in her first cap. She was a reserve midfielder on the U.S. squad at the 2008 Summer Olympics and was the youngest squad member (age 20). She earned three caps during the tournament where the Women's National Team went on to win the Gold Medal. Heath was one of just three active collegians chosen to play on the U.S. Team at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing. In 2008 alone, Heath earned her first 17 caps and scored her first two goals, the first-ever WNT goal against China at the Algarve Cup.
Heath was named the 2009 U.S. Soccer Young Female Athlete of the Year and played in two matches for the USA WNT, both against Canada in July 2009. Heath did not play for the USA in 2010 as she recovered from illness and a major ankle injury suffered early in the WPS season that eventually required surgery.
2011 FIFA Women's World Cup.
Heath made her FIFA Women's World Cup debut at the age of 23 during the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup in Germany, playing in the second half during the USA WNT's group-stage match against Colombia. Heath earned a total of four caps in the Women's World Cup Tournament, the remaining three coming from the quarter-final against Brazil (108th minute substitution), the semi-final against France (87th minute substitution), and the final against Japan. In the World Cup Final Heath was one of the players elected to take a penalty kick for the United States. Heath had her shot blocked by Japan's goalie.
2012 London Olympics.
Heath was a member of the 2012 Olympic team, playing in all six matches, starting and playing the entire match in four of them. She had three assists, against France, Colombia, and New Zealand. Against France, at the 66th minute, she ran down the left flank with the ball received from a through pass from Megan Rapinoe, and sent a crossing pass to Alex Morgan who scored the last goal of the match making the final score 4–2. Against Colombia, she played a 1–2 pass with Wambach for her 2nd assist. Her third assist came in the quarter final match against New Zealand, at the 87th minute, when she provided a long ball down the left flank to Sydney Leroux, who scored through the legs of the goalkeeper Jenny Bindon, sealing the match at the final score of 2–0.

</doc>
<doc id="18744969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744969" title="Carlton-Frie-Tucker House">
Carlton-Frie-Tucker House

The Carlton-Frie-Tucker House is a historic First Period house at 140 Mill Road in North Andover, Massachusetts. It is a rare example of a period building that was moved and added onto another which had been damaged by fire. The oldest portion of the house, its east side and center chimney, were probably built c. 1709 by Ebenezer Frie. The west side of the house is a second structure that was attached to the first in the 1760s, with some documentary and physical evidence that this was due to a fire destroying the original west side. A leanto section was added to the rear of the house in the 20th century, as was a wing on the northwest corner, connecting the house to its barn.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18744973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744973" title="Analysis on fractals">
Analysis on fractals

Analysis on fractals or calculus on fractals is a generalization of calculus on smooth manifolds to calculus on fractals.
The theory describes dynamical phenomena which occur on objects modelled by fractals.
It studies questions such as "how does heat diffuse in a fractal?" and "How does a fractal vibrate?"
In the smooth case the operator that occurs most often in the equations modelling these questions is the Laplacian, so the starting point for the theory of analysis on fractals is to define a Laplacian on fractals. This turns out not to be a full differential operator in the usual sense but has many of the desired properties. There are a number of approaches to defining the Laplacian: probabilistic, analytical or measure theoretic.

</doc>
<doc id="18744978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744978" title="S22">
S22

S22 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18744995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18744995" title="Central Gloucester Historic District">
Central Gloucester Historic District

The Central Gloucester Historic District is a historic district with boundaries to Middle, Main, Center, Hancock, Short, Prospect and Pleasant Streets in Gloucester, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The district includes two previously listed properties: the Front Street Block, and Gloucester City Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="18745000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745000" title="László Harasztosi">
László Harasztosi

László Harasztosi, also known as Lazlo Hypnotist, is a psychic, bioenergeticist, and alternative medicine practitioner. His speciality is attaching metal objects on human bodies. When breaking the Guinness record in 1998, he placed two disks weighing altogether 57,64 kg (127 lbs) on László Fekete’s chest (the strongest man of Hungary). 
His activity consists of healing, performances in shows, and preparation of sportspeople. Cosmos Church of Universal Love was founded with his leadership. His book titled "Cosmic energy – how autotherapy works and how to use the healing coin" was published in 1996.
Life.
He was born on 28 June 1963, in the Eastern Hungarian village of Berettyóújfalu. As he stated, his ability was discovered at the age of seven, when they noticed that his touch stops pain and his presence calms down children who have gone wild. Before the change of regime of 1989 in Hungary, he had to conceal his abilities for political reasons.
Activity.
Improving sportspeople's achievement.
He claims to regularly charge up chosen sportspeople with focused cosmic energy, which creates further resources for them, enabling them to achieve better results, hold on longer, make their muscles more flexible and more enduring, and their reaction time becomes shorter. Besides, they will need considerably less time to regenerate after injuries or fatigue caused by training or competitions.
Psychic shows.
He appeared in Hungary in the programme "Esti Showder" by RTL Klub, among other programmes.

</doc>
<doc id="18745005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745005" title="Ocelot (disambiguation)">
Ocelot (disambiguation)

An ocelot is a species of South and Central American feline, "Leopardus pardalis".
The term ocelot can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18745015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745015" title="Fractal analysis">
Fractal analysis

Fractal analysis is assessing fractal characteristics of data. It consists of several methods to assign a fractal dimension and other fractal characteristics to a dataset which may be a theoretical dataset or a pattern or signal extracted from phenomena including natural geometric objects, sound, market fluctuations, heart rates, digital images, molecular motion, networks, etc.
Fractal analysis is now widely used in all areas of science. An important limitation of fractal analysis is that arriving at an empirically determined fractal dimension does not necessarily prove that a pattern is fractal; rather, other essential characteristics have to be considered.
Types of fractal analysis.
Several types of fractal analysis are done, including box counting, lacunarity analysis, mass methods, and multifractal analysis. A common feature of all types of fractal analysis is the need for benchmark patterns against which to assess outputs. These can be acquired with various types of fractal generating software capable of generating benchmark patterns suitable for this purpose, which generally differ from software designed to render fractal art.
Applications.
Applications of fractal analysis include:

</doc>
<doc id="18745037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745037" title="Roy Matsumoto">
Roy Matsumoto

Roy Hiroshi Matsumoto (born May 1, 1913) is an American soldier of World War II. A Nisei, Matsumoto was born in Laguna, California. When he was 8 years old, his parents sent him to live with his grandparents in Hiroshima, Japan. He returned to California nine years later, attending and graduating from Long Beach Polytechnic High School in 1933. He remained in Long Beach when his parents took his brothers and sisters back to Hiroshima.
Matsumoto was interned with other Japanese-Americans in the Jerome, Arkansas concentration camp at the beginning of the Second World War. In 1942, he volunteered for the United States Army. He served as a Japanese-language intelligence specialist with Merrill's Marauders in the Burma Campaign during World War II, earning a Bronze Star and the Legion of Merit.
Matsumoto remained in the Army for 20 years, retiring after a career in military intelligence as a master sergeant in 1963. As of 2013 he lives with his wife on San Juan Island, Washington.
In 1993, Matsumoto was inducted in the U.S. Army Rangers Hall Of Fame and four years later was made a member of the Military Intelligence Corps Hall of Fame. Matsumoto also received the Congressional Gold Medal along with other Nisei WWII veterans in November, 2011. He turned 100 in May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18745038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745038" title="Toronto Eastern Railway">
Toronto Eastern Railway

The Toronto Eastern Railway is a noted "ghost railroad" in southern Ontario. It was originally part of William Mackenzie's ambitious plan set up to provide high-speed electric "interurban" service throughout that district that first appeared in 1910; however, those plans fell afoul of World War I and, later, political manoeuvres.
The railway was incorporated on 4 April 1910 to build a high speed route from Toronto east to Pickering, Whitby, and Oshawa. The company acquired by Canadian Northern Railway interests in 1911, who extended the proposal east of Oshawa to Bowmanville and Cobourg. They also applied for additional rights of way, north from Cobourg or Port Hope to Peterborough, north from Oshawa to Linsday, north from Scarborough to Markham, Stouffville or Uxbridge, and south from Oshawa to the shore of Lake Ontario. Construction begun on the mainline in 1912, and by 1913 track was in place from Bowmanville to Whitby, when construction halted.
In September 1918 the Canadian Northern was nationalized and re-organized as part of the Canadian National Railways (CNR). On 26 December 1923 CNR merged the Toronto Eastern with its other electric holdings to form the new Canadian National Electric Railways. In 1923, existing tracks were reconstructed and new trackage constructed to allow trains to be run from Bowmanville to Whitby, and a few "test trains" were run. One of these carried the line's only passenger, an uninvited youth who sneaked unto a train in Bowmanville and disembarked when the train reached Oshawa.
In 1924, the Provincial government refused to provide the additional funds necessary to turn the project into an operating railway. Although this was largely due to the political infighting of the time, it is fairly certain that the new railway was already obsolete, since the ownership of automobiles (oddly enough, many built in Oshawa) was becoming much more common at that time. The Bowmanville to Whitby section, already fully built and ready for use, was abandoned then, with the railway having never carried a paying passenger. The rails were pulled up during WWII's steel shortages, as were any steel bridges or trestles.
Small portions of the railway were used for other purposes for a time. A section in Oshawa was incorporated into the Oshawa Railway Company, and about two miles of track to the Ontario Missionary College (today's Kingsway College) was used between 1924 and 1936 for freight service. After this a short section by Ritson Road was used by McCallum Transport to load cars from the General Motors "North Plant" in downtown Oshawa.
Most remaining traces of the railway have disappeared during the relentless "suburbanization" of the area. One lasting legacy is the alignment of roads in downtown Oshawa; Bond Street, the westbound section of Highway 2 through the city, suddenly turns north for a section, before re-joining King. Between the two is a long empty lot. This land is actually owned by Ontario Hydro, the legal successor to the railway, and carries a medium-voltage overhead line. A small portion of the old alignment is also used in Courtice, Ontario, as the basis for a walking trail, just west of the Courtice Community Complex.

</doc>
<doc id="18745043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745043" title="Central Square Historic District (Lynn, Massachusetts)">
Central Square Historic District (Lynn, Massachusetts)

The Central Square Historic District is a historic district encompassing the Central Square area of downtown Lynn, Massachusetts. The area is at the confluence of a number of city streets, and includes buildings that border on Central Avenue, Willow Street, Munroe Street, Lake Street, Almont Street. It is a small part of Lynn's "Burned District", a large area of the downtown that was destroyed by fire in 1889. One of the first buildings built after the fire, the Bergengren Block, stands at the corner of Union Street and Central Square. It also includes the Mowers' Block, listed on the National Register in 1982.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18745045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745045" title="New York Public Library and Bryant Park">
New York Public Library and Bryant Park

New York Public Library and Bryant Park is a conjunction of the New York Public Library Main Branch and the adjacent Bryant Park. This conjunction was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1966.
Its listing on the National Register is distinct from the "New York Public Library" on the same day, which covered just the main branch building. The NRHP reference number of the other listing is 66000546.

</doc>
<doc id="18745048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745048" title="Ordinalia">
Ordinalia

The Ordinalia are three medieval mystery plays dating to the late fourteenth century, written primarily in Middle Cornish, with stage directions in Latin. The three plays are Origo Mundi, (The Origin of the World, aka "Ordinale de Origine Mundi", 2,846 lines), Passio Christi (The Passion of Christ, aka "Passio Domini Nostri Jhesu Christi", 3,242 lines) and Resurrexio Domini (The Resurrection of Our Lord aka "Ordinale de Ressurexione Domini", 2,646 lines). The metres of these plays are various arrangements of seven- and four-syllabled lines. "Ordinalia" means "prompt" or "service book".
First play.
The first play, called "Origo Mundi", begins with the Creation of the World, the Fall of Man, and Cain and Abel, followed by the building of the Ark and the Flood; the story of the temptation of Abraham closes the first act. The second act gives us the history of Moses, and the third represents the story of David and of the building of Solomon's Temple, curiously ending with a description of the martyrdom of St Maximilla as a Christian by the bishop placed in charge of the temple by Solomon.
An offshoot of the "Origo Mundi" is the "Creation of the World with Noah's Flood" ("Gwreans an Bys: the Creacon of the World"), written in Cornish with English stage directions, copied by William Jordan in 1611.
Second and third plays.
The second play, "Passio Domini", represents the Temptation of Christ in the desert, and the events from the entry into Jerusalem to the Crucifixion, including the Passion. This goes on without interruption into the third play, "Resurrectio Domini", which gives an account of the Harrowing of Hell, the Resurrection, and the Ascension, with the Legend of St Veronica and Tiberius, the death of Pilate, the release of Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus from prison, The Three Marys. As in the "Poem of the Passion", the pseudo-Gospel of Nicodemus and other legendary sources are drawn upon. 
Relationship to the "Legend of the Cross".
However, running through the whole and interwoven with the scriptural narrative comes the beautiful and curious Legend of the Rood (Legend of the Holy Cross). The legend, most of which is in the Ordinalia, is this:
When Adam found himself dying, he sent his son Seth to the Gates of Paradise to beg of the angel that guarded them the oil of mercy, that his father might live. The angel let him look into Paradise, where he saw many strange and beautiful foreshadowings of things that should be upon the earth; and the angel gave him three seeds from the Tree of Life, and he departed. When he came to where his father was, he found that he was already dead, and he laid the three seeds in his mouth, and buried him therewith on Mount Moriah; and in process of time the three seeds grew into three small trees, and Abraham took of the wood thereof for the sacrifice of Isaac his son; and afterwards Moses’ rod, wherewith he smote the rock, was made from one of their branches. And soon the three trees grew together into one tree, whereby was symbolised the mystery of the Trinity; and under its branches sat King David when Nathan the Prophet came to him, and there he bewailed his sin, and made the Miserere Psalm. And Solomon, when he would build the Temple on Mount Sion, cut down the tree, which was then as one of the chiefest of the cedars of Lebanon, and bid men make a beam thereof; but it would in no wise fit into its place, howsoever much they cut it to its shape. Therefore Solomon was wroth, and bid them cast it over the brook Cedron as a bridge, so that all might tread upon it that went that way. But after a while he buried it, and over where it lay there came the Pool of Bethesda with its healing powers; and when our Lord came on earth the beam floated up to the surface of the pool, and the Jews found it, and made thereof the Cross whereon Christ died on Calvary.
Extant manuscripts.
There are three manuscripts of this trilogy in existence:

</doc>
<doc id="18745058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745058" title="Central Street District">
Central Street District

The Central Street District is a historic district encompassing the traditional heart of Andover, Massachusetts prior to the development in the later 19th century of the current town center. It consists mainly of residential and religious properties along Central Street, from Phillips Street in the south to Essex Street in the north. All of the listed properties have frontage on Central Street, even if their addresses are on one of the adjacent streets.
By the late 18th century, Central Street was already an important thoroughfare, connecting Boston and Salem to Haverhill and the traditional center of Andover, now North Andover. The first South Parish Church was built along the road in 1709, at the site of the present Romanesque Revival structure, built in 1861. The architectural styles of the houses in the district represent a cross section of styles from Federal to Colonial Revival, with none in particular predominating. The houses are generally of high quality construction, and represent their architectural styles well.
In addition to the South Parish Church, the district has two other churches. The oldest of the three is the brick Greek Revival First Baptist Church, built in 1834 by locally noted builder Jacob Chickering. The youngest is the Methodist Church building, a fine Richardsonian Romanesque structure designed by Hartwell and Richardson for a congregation established in 1835.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18745067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745067" title="Eastern League (baseball, 1916–32)">
Eastern League (baseball, 1916–32)

The Eastern League of 1916 through the mid-season of 1932 was an American minor baseball league and the third of four circuits to use the "Eastern League" name since the 19th century. The successor to an early 20th-century edition of the New England League, it is not related to the current Eastern League, which formed in 1938 from the former New York-Pennsylvania League, or the current International League, which was known as the Eastern League from 1892 through 1911.
The Eastern League of 1916–1932 was a mid- to higher classification league, beginning in 1916 as a Class B circuit and upgraded to Class A in 1919. Its president, Tim Murnane, a former sportswriter, and many of its original member clubs were inherited from the New England League, which ceased operation in 1915. While most of its teams were centered in New England and upstate New York, in its later years the Eastern League admitted teams from Pennsylvania and Virginia. The league consisted of eight teams annually during its existence. The New Haven franchise, owned and operated by George Weiss from 1919–1929, won four of its 17 championships — though under multiple nicknames. Weiss would go on to a Baseball Hall of Fame career as a top executive with the New York Yankees.
This edition of the Eastern League collapsed during the nadir of the Great Depression on July 17, 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="18745075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745075" title="Andrejs Dūda">
Andrejs Dūda

Andrejs Dūda (born October 30, 1981 in Jelgava), is a Latvian swimmer, is a two-time Olympian and nine-time NCAA DIII national individual champion in swimming. Duda represented Latvia at the 2004 Olympics in Athens, Greece and has qualified to compete in the 2008 summer Games. He graduated from Kenyon College in Gambier, Ohio in 2006 where he was a member of four national championship swimming teams and set a college record with 24 NCAA national event titles.
Duda competed in the 200 meter individual medley and the 100 meter butterfly at the 2008 summer Olympics in Beijing, China. 

</doc>
<doc id="18745092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745092" title="Chandler-Bigsby-Abbot House">
Chandler-Bigsby-Abbot House

Chandler-Bigsby-Abbot House (1673) is a historic house at 88 Lowell Street in Andover, Massachusetts and is the oldest surviving house in Andover.
The house was built before 1673 by Captain Thomas Chandler, a blacksmith who was one of the original proprietors of Andover, as part of his sixty acre farm. The house was inherited by his daughter Hannah Bigsby upon Chandler's death. The farm house was later remodeled in a Georgian style. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is one of the oldest surviving houses in Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18745093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745093" title="Margaret the Barefooted">
Margaret the Barefooted

Margaret the Barefooted (1325–1395) was born into a poor family in San Severino, Italy. She was abused by her husband for years because of her dedication to the Church and to helping the poor and sick. She walked barefooted as a beggar to better associate herself with the poor. She died widowed in 1395 of natural causes.

</doc>
<doc id="18745105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745105" title="List of number-one dance airplay hits of 2003 (U.S.)">
List of number-one dance airplay hits of 2003 (U.S.)

These are the "Billboard" magazine Hot Dance Airplay number one hits of 2003.
Note that "Billboard" publishes charts with an issue date approximately 7–10 days in advance. The chart made its debut on October 25, 2003, although the chart was unpublished for the first ten weeks (it was on its eleventh week when it debuted in "Billboard"'s print and online editions), which means that its official issue start date was August 16, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18745116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745116" title="Chandler-Hidden House">
Chandler-Hidden House

The Chandler-Hidden House is a historic house at 17 Hidden Road in Andover, Massachusetts. It was built for Isaac Chandler, probably by his son-in-law David Hidden, in about 1812. Hidden, a housewright, had come to Andover to help in the construction of the Andover Theological Seminary. He married Chandler's daughter in 1816, bought half the house in 1828, and the rest after Chandler's death in 1834. The house passed out of the Hidden family in 1897. It is a 2.5 story Federal style colonial, with five window bays and two side chimneys. The centered front door is protected by a protruding portico, and there is a rear ell that appears to be original to the house.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18745124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745124" title="List of number-one dance airplay hits of 2004 (U.S.)">
List of number-one dance airplay hits of 2004 (U.S.)

These are the "Billboard" magazine Hot Dance Airplay number one hits of 2004. Note that "Billboard" publishes charts with an issue date approximately 7-10 days in advance.

</doc>
<doc id="18745144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745144" title="Charter Street Historic District">
Charter Street Historic District

The Charter Street Historic District encompasses a small remnant of the oldest part of Salem, Massachusetts that has since been surrounded by more modern development. It includes three properties on Charter Street: the Pickman House, the Grimshawe House, and the Charter Street Cemetery, or Central Burying Point. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
Pickman House.
The Pickman House is located on Charter Street behind the Peabody Essex Museum, the oldest continually operated museum in America. The house, built in 1664 and is located on Charter Street. The house was restored by Historic Salem in 1969 and purchased by the museum in 1983. It stands just east of the cemetery entrance on the south side of Charter Street.
Grimshawe House.
The Grimshawe House is a Federal style three story wood frame house that was built c. 1770, which stands just west of the cemetery entrance. It is most significant for its association with writer Nathaniel Hawthorne, who courted his future wife Sophia Peabody in the house, which was owned by her father. The house and the adjacent cemetery feature in a number of Hawthorne's works, most notably the unfinished "Doctor Grimshawe's Secret: A romance".
Charter Street Cemetery.
The cemetery is a roughly rectangular plot of land that has been used as a burying ground since at least 1637. It includes several notable burials:

</doc>
<doc id="18745145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745145" title="S23">
S23

S23 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18745147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745147" title="List of number-one dance airplay hits of 2005 (U.S.)">
List of number-one dance airplay hits of 2005 (U.S.)

These are the "Billboard" magazine Hot Dance Airplay number one hits of 2005.
Note that "Billboard" publishes charts with an issue date approximately 7-10 days in advance.

</doc>
<doc id="18745159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745159" title="Rolf Bae">
Rolf Bae

Rolf Bae (January 9, 1975 – August 1, 2008) was a Norwegian Arctic adventurer and mountaineer. Bae operated an adventure company called "Fram", specializing in Arctic and Antarctic travel and survival courses.
He was married to Cecilie Skog, the first woman to complete the Explorers Grand Slam. She has climbed the highest mountains of every continent (the Seven summits) in addition to reaching the South Pole and North Pole.
In 2000/2001, Bae crossed the Antarctica with fellow explorer Eirik Sønneland, completing what was then the world's longest ski journey, 3800 km long, taking 105 days to complete; the record was beaten by Rune Gjeldnes in 2006.
On December 27, 2005, he arrived at the South Pole, after skiing from the ice shelf, and on April 24, 2006, he reached the North Pole unsupported, both expeditions together with Cecilie Skog.
In 2008, Bae together with Stein-Ivar Gravdal, Bjarte Bø and Sigurd Felde reached the top of Great Trango Tower (6286 m) in Karakoram, Pakistan, via the "Norwegian Buttress" (VII 5.10+ A4). The team spent 27 days ascending and 30 hours descending the peak. This was the second complete ascent via this route.
The K2 accident.
Rolf Bae died on August 1, 2008, in a climbing accident while taking part in an international expedition on K2 mountain in the Himalayas. Bae's wife Cecilie reportedly saw her husband swept off the mountain during an ice fall accident.
Bae was a friend and teammate of Gerard McDonnell, the first Irishman to summit K2. Both men died within hours of each other in separate avalanches.

</doc>
<doc id="18745168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745168" title="Chris Waters (baseball)">
Chris Waters (baseball)

Christopher Myron Waters (born August 17, 1980, in Lakeland, Florida) is a former Major League Baseball starting pitcher. He made his major league debut on August 5, 2008, taking on the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim. He went eight shutout innings leading the Baltimore Orioles to a win, giving up only one hit. Before being called up to the majors, he made 166 starts in 193 games in the minor leagues. 
He started the final game at Yankee Stadium on September 21, 2008, getting the loss in a 7 to 3 game.
He played for the York Revolution in the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball in 2012 and signed with the Na Koa Ikaika Maui of the Pacific Association of Professional Baseball Clubs for 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18745171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745171" title="List of number-one dance airplay hits of 2006 (U.S.)">
List of number-one dance airplay hits of 2006 (U.S.)

These are the "Billboard" magazine Hot Dance Airplay number one hits of 2006.
Note that "Billboard" publishes charts with an issue date approximately 7-10 days in advance.

</doc>
<doc id="18745180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745180" title="List of number-one dance airplay hits of 2007 (U.S.)">
List of number-one dance airplay hits of 2007 (U.S.)

These are the "Billboard" magazine Hot Dance Airplay number-one hits of 2007.
Note that "Billboard" publishes charts with an issue date approximately 7–10 days in advance.

</doc>
<doc id="18745191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745191" title="Chaplin-Clarke House">
Chaplin-Clarke House

The Chaplin-Clarke House is a historic First Period house at 109 Haverhill Street in Rowley, Massachusetts. Its oldest section built c. 1670 by Joseph Chaplin, it is the oldest house in Rowley. The house began as a full width two story wood frame structure that was only one room deep; the leanto section at the rear was added c. 1700. The house was acquired in the early 1700s by Richard Clarke, in whose family it remained until the early 20th century. It was owned for a time by the Society for the Preservation of New England Antiquities (now called Historic New England), but is now in private hands.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18745196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745196" title="1982 Paris–Roubaix">
1982 Paris–Roubaix

The 1982 Paris–Roubaix was undertaken in very dry conditions, leaving the riders to battle dust clouds over the 270 km. Jan Raas of the Netherlands entered the velodrome at Roubaix to win alone. 
Below, the results for the 1982 edition of the Paris––Roubaix cycling classic.

</doc>
<doc id="18745200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745200" title="Kasper Franck">
Kasper Franck

Kasper Franck (2 November 1543 – 12 March 1584) was a German theologian and controversialist.
Life.
Kasper Franck was born in Ortrand, Saxony. His parents were Lutherans, and he was initially a Protestant minister and preacher. Ladislaus von Fraunberg, Count of Haag (1505–1566), who had recently introduced the reformed faith into his province, invited him to his court. The premature death, however, of Ladislaus prevented Franck from carrying out the proposed plans of reform. 
Albert V, Duke of Bavaria, the successor of Ladislaus, resolved to restore the Catholic religion, and called in the convert and preacher, Martin Eisengrein. His intercourse with Eisengrein led Franck to an eventual conversion to Catholicism. 
In 1566, he matriculated at the University of Ingolstadt, devoted himself to the study of the Church Fathers and the early Christian Church, and on 25 January 1568, made a formal profession of the Catholic faith. Albert recognized in him as a man of great usefulness and obtained from Pope Pius V a dispensation to have him ordained a priest. 
Before beginning his missionary labours, he published a work setting forth the reasons and justification of his return to the ancient faith. His efforts in Haag and Kraiburg were crowned with success. 
In 1572, he was again in the University of Ingolstadt, pursuing his theological studies and the following year he was appointed its rector, which office he again held later for several consecutive terms. On the occasion of the General Jubilee in 1575, he set out for Rome, won at Siena the doctorate in theology and shortly afterwards Pope Gregory XIII conferred on him the title of Prothonotary Apostolic and Comes Lateranensis.
He died at Ingolstadt.
Works.
His polemical writings manifest care and an intimate familiarity with patristic literature. Among them are:

</doc>
<doc id="18745204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745204" title="List of number-one dance airplay hits of 2008 (U.S.)">
List of number-one dance airplay hits of 2008 (U.S.)

These are the "Billboard" magazine Hot Dance Airplay number one hits of 2008. (Note: "Billboard" publishes charts with an issue date approximately 7-10 days in advance).

</doc>
<doc id="18745215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745215" title="Google Insights for Search">
Google Insights for Search

Google Insights for Search was a service by Google similar to Google Trends, providing insights into the search terms people have been entering into the Google search engine. Unlike Google Trends, Google Insights for Search provides a visual representation of regional interest on a country's map. It displays top searches and rising searches that may help with keyword research. Results can be narrowed down with categories that are displayed for each search terms.
Term order is important in searches, and that different results will be found if keywords are placed in a different order.
On September 27, 2012, Google Insights for Search was closed and merged into Google Trends again.

</doc>
<doc id="18745217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745217" title="Choate Bridge">
Choate Bridge

Choate Bridge (1764) is a historic stone arch bridge carrying Route 1A/Route 133 (South Main Street) over the Ipswich River in Ipswich, Massachusetts. It is one of the oldest surviving bridges in North America.
History.
The stone bridge was built in 1764 with funds provided by the town of Ipswich and Essex County. Construction was supervised by Colonel John Choate, in whose honor the bridge was named. Choate was allegedly the first person to ride his horse over the bridge. There are two older stone bridges still in use in the United States: the Pennypack Creek Bridge in Philadelphia, a double arch stone bridge built in 1697, and a single arch stone bridge in nearby Rowley, Massachusetts, built in 1643 and rebuilt in the 19th century.
In 1838 the single lane bridge was widened to two lanes. In 1972 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. In 1989 the bridge was extensively renovated.

</doc>
<doc id="18745238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745238" title="Chickering House">
Chickering House

The Chickering House is a historic house at 28 Essex Street in Andover, Massachusetts. It was built by locally important builder Jacob Chickering as his personal residence sometime in the early 1830s. He only lived in it until 1835, when he moved across the street, giving this house to his parents. Chickering was a noted builder in Andover until about 1856, when he became involved in the piano manufacturing business (although he was not involved in the famous Chickering and Sons piano firm).
The house is a 2.5 story colonial with late Federal and Greek Revival styling. It has a projecting center entrance with sidelights, and particularly well executed corner and center blocks on its windows. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18745240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745240" title="Old Colony Club">
Old Colony Club

The Old Colony Club is one of the oldest Gentlemen's Clubs in the United States, founded in 1769 in Plymouth, Massachusetts. The club meets on Fridays at a much-renovated old colonial house on Court Street in downtown Plymouth. 
The club is best known for its annual celebration of Forefathers' Day, one of the oldest holidays in America, dating from colonial times.
Hoyle's Official Book of Games notwithstanding, the "extinct" game of Bestia (game) is still played every Friday night at this venerable institution.
The Old Colony Club boasts among its early members Revolutionary War hero General Alexander Scammell.
The Old Colony Club is not related to the women-only Colony Club of New York City, founded in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="18745247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745247" title="2008–09 Indiana Hoosiers men's basketball team">
2008–09 Indiana Hoosiers men's basketball team

The 2008–09 Indiana Hoosiers men's basketball team represents Indiana University. The Head Coach is Tom Crean. The team plays its home games in the Assembly Hall in Bloomington, Indiana, and is a member of the Big Ten Conference.
The Big Ten Network included the team in a two and a half hour special that featured Midnight Madness events from several Big Ten campuses on October 17, 2008, the Indiana event to kick of the season was called "Hoosier Hysteria". The Hoosiers defeated the Northwestern St. Demons on November 14 in Head Coach Tom Crean's opening game.
In November 2008, the NCAA imposed a three year probation on the Indiana men's basketball program and upheld the school's self-imposed sanctions stemming from the actions of former head coach Kelvin Sampson and his staff. School athletic director Rick Greenspan has resigned but is continuing in his position until a successor has been named. There is no ban for the program in television, scholarships or post-season play.
Roster.
Coaches: Tom Crean, Tim Buckley, Bennie Seltzer, Roshown McLeod
Schedule and Results.
!colspan=8| Big Ten Tournament
The 2008–09 season was the worst in the history of Indiana Basketball and finished with the least number of wins (6) since 1915–16. Their 1–17 conference record was the worst since the conference went to an 18 game schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="18745263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745263" title="Petrella">
Petrella

Petrella may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18745264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745264" title="Chestnut Street District">
Chestnut Street District

The Chestnut Street District is a historic district bounded roughly by Broad, Flint, Federal, and Summer Streets in Salem, Massachusetts., also known as the McIntyre Historic District that was created in 1981 and containing 407 buildings and is the city's largest district. This historic district is named after Samuel McIntire. Samuel McIntire had a house and workshop that was located 31 Summer Street, at the intersection of Chestnut Street where many grand mansions designed by McIntire and others display the profits of the Old China Trade.
The first of these great brick Federal houses to be constructed was the Thomas Saunders House of 1805 at number 39 Chestnut, later remodeled by Arthur Little (1893). Saunders also built the famous McIntire-designed double house next door at numbers 41-43, in 1810, as a wedding present for his daughters Mary Elizabeth and Caroline, who married brothers Leverett and Nathaniel Saltonstall. Leverett Saltonstall I was Salem's first elected mayor. Some other examples of notable Salem architecture within or just outside the district are listed below. A short 10-minute walk from the Chestnut Street District, the Salem Maritime National Historic Site consists of 12 historic structures and about 9 acres (36,000 m2) of land along the waterfront in Salem, Massachusetts. Other historic districts that are nearby are the Federal Street District, Salem Willows Historic District, Downtown Salem District, Charter Street Historic District, Crombie Street District, Derby Waterfront District, Bridge Street Neck Historic District, Essex Institute Historic District, Old Town Hall Historic District and the Salem Common Historic District
Hamilton Hall.
Hamilton Hall is a National Historic Landmark at 9 Chestnut Street in Salem, Massachusetts. Hamilton Hall was built in 1805 by Samuel McIntire and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
Ropes Mansion.
The Ropes Mansion (late 1720s), also called Ropes Memorial, is a Georgian Colonial mansion located at 318 Essex Street. It is now operated by the Peabody Essex Museum and open to the public.
Stephen Phillips House.
Stephen Phillips House is located at 34 Chestnut Street. A classic car show is held every year [http://www.salemnews.com/opinion/x213892870/Thanks-Many-enjoyed-Chestnut-Street-car-show/print] at the The Stephen Phillips House. The Phillips House is now owned and operated as a historic house museum by Historic New England and is open for public tours.
Pickering House.
Pickering House (Salem, Massachusetts) (circa 1651) is a Colonial house, owned and occupied by ten successive generations of the Pickering family including Colonel Timothy Pickering. [http://pickeringhouse.org/] This house is believed to be the oldest house in the United States continuously occupied by one family. It is located at 18 Broad Street, Salem, Massachusetts and is open to the public under the auspices of the nonprofit Pickering Foundation.
The Witch House, Jonathan Corwin House.
The Witch House (also called the Jonathan Corwin House), was the home of Judge Jonathan Corwin and is the only structure still standing in Salem, Massachusetts with direct ties to the Salem Witch Trials of 1692.[http://www.salemweb.com/witchhouse/
The Salem Athenaeum.
The Salem Athenaeum was founded in 1810 and is one of the oldest private library organizations in the United States. The Athenaeum is located at 337 Essex Street in Chestnut Street District. In 1905, the Athenæum sold the building at 132 Essex Street to the Essex Institute (now the Peabody Essex Museum), and with the proceeds constructed the building it currently occupies, at 337 Essex Street. Dedicated in 1907
Francis Cox House.
The Francis Cox House was built in 1846 and is situated at the corner of Chestnut and Summer street in the Chestnut Street District and is in the National Register of Historic Places.
John Bertram Mansion.
This High Style Italianate brick and brownstone mansion was built at 370 Essex Street in 1855 for Captain John Bertram When Captain John Bertram died in March 1882, his widow donated their home ( The John Bertram Mansion ) and this became the Salem Public Library. [http://jbh.bertramhouse.org/about-us/history The Salem Public Library opened its doors on July 8, 1889 and is in the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18745282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745282" title="Amisfield railway station">
Amisfield railway station

Amisfield railway station was a station which served Amisfield, in the Scottish county of Dumfries and Galloway. It was served by trains on a local line which ran between the Caledonian Main Line (now known as the West Coast Main Line) at and the Castle Douglas and Dumfries Railway at . The latter station is now the nearest to Amisfield.
History.
Opened by the Dumfries, Lochmaben and Lockerbie Railway, then part of the Caledonian Railway it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923, passing on to the Scottish Region of British Railways during the nationalisation of 1948. It was then closed by the British Railways Board.

</doc>
<doc id="18745298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745298" title="Jehiel Cochran House">
Jehiel Cochran House

The Jehiel Cochran House (also known locally as Brickhaven) is a historic house at 65 Burnham Road in Andover, Massachusetts. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and Massachusetts cultural inventory records at 63 Burnham Road, but by the Andover Historical Society at 65 Burnham Road.
The house was built by Jehiel Cochran, a brickmaker, in the late 1830s. It is a locally rare house built out of brick, in a somewhat simple, vernacular Greek Revival style.

</doc>
<doc id="18745324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745324" title="Rufus Choate House">
Rufus Choate House

The Rufus Choate House is a historic house at 14 Lynde Street in Salem, Massachusetts. It is primarily recognized for its association with lawyer and Federalist Party politician Rufus Choate (1799-1859), who lived here from about 1825 to 1834. It is a three story Federal style wood frame house that was built in 1805 by Ebenezer Beckford, a Salem merchant and real estate developer. Beckford, and later his same-named son, owned the property until 1841.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18745344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745344" title="Mirko Fait">
Mirko Fait

Mirko Fait June 3, 1965, Milan, Italy is an Italian jazz saxophonist and composer. Born in a family of musicians, Fait began playing the saxophone in his teenage years, gaining notoriety in 2002 when he accompanied Cuban musician Gendrickson Mena Diaz on a four-day fashion event hosted by Pitti Uomo. Fait has subsequently collaborated with several other artists, including Michele Bozza, Marco Panascia, Roberto Piccolo, Germano Zenga, Jorge Gonzales, Gigi Cifarelli, Luigi Tognoli, performing with others in clubs throughout Lombardy and Italy. In 2007, Fait founded the Fait Club Quintet. He also contributed to "Mantic Ensemble", an independent CD featuring Danilo Manto on pianoforte, Max Patrick on percussion and Fait on soprano saxophone.
A plentiful artistic production with another 3 CDs including one with the Atlantis Music Project started thanks to the encounter with the record producers John Toso and Roxana Pranno.
In November 2009, he was chosen as the artistic director for the project “United Jazz Artists of Milan”. Today he is also the artistic director of the jazz section of Italian Way Music label company.
Mirko Fait also played the part of a saxophonist in the movie “Cado dalle nubi” (a big box office in Italy) by the famous comedian Checco Zalone from Zelig.
In July 2010, the song “Sex for money” from the album “Just for you” with John Toso was chosen by the French label company Believe for the great summer jazz compilation “70 relaxing holiday masterpieces”. A compilation including major jazz players such as Miles Davis, Louis Armstrong, Billie Holiday, Chet Baker, Toquinho, Stefano Bollani, Enrico Rava, Franco Cerri and many others.
Some of Mirko Fait’s pieces were chosen for a short film by the already rewarded director Alessandro Daquino.
Discography.
2007 - (Italian Way Music)
Musicians:
Mirko Fait: soprano sax.
Danilo Manto: piano.
Max patrick: percussions.
2008 - (Italian Way Music)
Musicians:
Mirko Fait: soprano sax.
Gino Fioravanti: piano.
John Toso: arrangements.
2009 - (Italian Way Music)
Musicians:
Mirko Fait: tenor sax and voices.
John Toso: piano.
2009 - (Italian Way Music)
Band: Atlantis Music Project.
Musicians:
Mirko Fait: soprano, alto and tenor sax.
Alessio Croci: guitars, bass, programming.
Davide Quaglia: guitars, bass, programming.
Stefano Carpani: piano, rhodes, programming.
2009 - (Italian Way Music)
Compilation
2010 - (Believe) (Believe - France)
Jazz compilation

</doc>
<doc id="18745346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745346" title="City Hall (Salem, Massachusetts)">
City Hall (Salem, Massachusetts)

City Hall is a historic city hall at 93 Washington Street in Salem, Massachusetts and located in the Downtown Salem District.
The Greek Revival building was constructed in 1838, and architect, Richard Bond (1797-1861). Salem City Hall was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. Salem City Hall is the second oldest continually run city hall in America, surviving the Great Salem Fire of 1914.
Located on the 2nd floor of Salem City Hall, the City Council Chamber Room serves as the site of bimonthly city council meetings and other regular board and commission meetings.
History of the Salem City Hall.
City Hall was built in 1837-38 under the supervision of Mayor Leverett Saltonstall and a committee appointed for that purpose. The cornerstone was laid on September 6, 1837. Artifacts buried beneath the cornerstone included copies of local newspapers, the Mayor's speech for the organization of City Government (May 9, 1836), and the new City Charter. The building was enlarged in 1878 by an extension in the rear which in no way altered its original appearance as seen from the street. The extension doubled the size of the building and brought all existing city offices under one roof.
In 1837, under the administration of President Andrew Jackson, the United States Treasury held a surplus in the amount of nearly Forty Million Dollars. This surplus was distributed to the various states, which in turn distributed this money to the cities and towns. City Hall was built from this surplus revenue, as Salem's share was nearly $34,000.00. The building and furnishings cost approximately $22,878.00 and when finished, and this is perhaps one of the few municipal structures in existence paid for without taxing the citizens.
City Hall was first occupied by the City Council on the evening of May 31, 1838. A formal dedication was held on June 8, 1838.
Since 1837, the building has served as the focal point for the decision making process in Salem. This two-story building was designed and constructed
in style of Greek Revival. The original dimensions were 32 feet high, 45 feet wide and 68 feet long. The side and rear elevations are unadorned brick while the main facade is dressed granite. Three bays wide, this facade is broken by four giant pilasters, one on each corner and one on either side of the recessed center bay. The bays are set with tall windows, 6 over 6. The central entrance is reached by a short flight of granite steps; a cast iron lamp on a bracket projects from above. The tall front double doors are made of mahogany with brass studs outlining the center panels.
In 1979 an expansion was done specifically to house city archives. In 2010, an exterior elevator was installed to the back of the 1979 expansion. This was extremely important for complete handicapped access was installed to help modernize an existing historic public facility and to make accessibility to Salem City Hall available to everyone; especially for disabled residents to participate in basic services provided at Salem City Hall. These improvements were paid for with $300,000 from the U.S. Government. This renovation will be for total exterior work & the repairs will replace or repair the brick walls, roof and windows on Salem City Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="18745348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745348" title="Petrella (surname)">
Petrella (surname)

Petrella is an Italian surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18745363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745363" title="Olympia Terminal">
Olympia Terminal

The Olympia Terminal (, ) is a dock in the South Harbour of Helsinki, Finland. It was designed by the Hytönen-Luukkonen architects bureau and opened for the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Today, the terminal has a regular connection to Stockholm, acting as Silja Line's Helsinki terminal. Over 1.5 million passengers travel through the Olympia Terminal annually. A currency exchange point, an ATM and a café are present in the building.
History.
The (), was opened on 16 July 1952, just before the Olympics. The building was designed by architects Aarre Hytönen and Risto-Veikko Luukkonen. The first ship to use the new passenger pavilion was , arriving from Stockholm on the opening day. SS "Bore I" was also the first ship to depart from the harbour, as it set off on its return journey at 19:00. The next day, arrived and the day after that, arrived. The Olympic pier was first used by cruise ships to Stockholm.
When the Olympia Terminal was completed in 1952, it was visited by over 90,000 passengers annually, but only in summer and autumn. Silja Line started all-year-round traffic from the Olympia Terminal to Stockholm in 1972 and regular traffic to Tallinn in 1995. However, regular traffic to Tallinn from the Olympia Terminal ceased in 2005. The terminal and its ferry docks were renovated in 1989/1990 to handle larger ships. The facility includes two cruiseferry docks and sets of driving ramps.

</doc>
<doc id="18745372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745372" title="Samuel Chase House">
Samuel Chase House

The Samuel Chase House is a historic First Period house at 154 Main Street in West Newbury, Massachusetts. Built c. 1715, it is a rare example of a brick house built during the transition between First Period and Georgian styling and construction methods. The brick is laid in English bond, and the building is seven bays wide and two stories high. The outermost window bays have been bricked over, leaving the front facade with five windows on the second floor, and two on either side of a central front door in the first floor. The first floor windows and doorway are in arched spaces in the brickwork, while those on the second floor are rectangular. The house underwent a major restoration in 1986.
The house was listed on the National Historic Register in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18745375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745375" title="Skive Magazine">
Skive Magazine

Skive Magazine is an Australian printed literary quarterly founded in November 2003 that started life as a monthly ezine. The journal's name derives from a British English language expression meaning 'to make an effort not to work'. The founding publisher and editor from 2003 - 2012 is Matthew Glenn Ward. Skive publishes 
short stories, articles, memoirs, poetry and photography. 
Over six hundred emerging and established writers have been published in the journal . These include Adam Maxwell, Billy Marshall Stoneking, E.C. Osondu, Grace Andreacchi, Annmarie O'Connor, Ben Cheetham, Brigit Kelly Young,Paul Durante Joshua Dinman, Kay Sexton, P.H. Madore, Sam Leng,and Vanessa Gebbie.

</doc>
<doc id="18745392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745392" title="Benjamin Coker House">
Benjamin Coker House

The Benjamin Coker House is a historic First Period house at 172 State Street in Newburyport, Massachusetts. The oldest portion of the house, the central chimney and the rooms to its left, were built c. 1700 on a site at the corner of High and Federal Streets. The building was widened in the mid 18th century, adding the rooms to the right. The building was moved to its present location in 1856, and enlarged with a two story addition on the rear. It underwent a major rehabilitation in 1989, but retains some mid 18th century decorative details.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990, after it had been included in the Newburyport Historic District in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18745416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745416" title="Exercise Conant House">
Exercise Conant House

The Exercise Conant House (also the Reverend John Chipman House) is a historic First Period house at 634 Cabot Street in Beverly, Massachusetts. Most of this 2.5 story wood frame house was built after 1715 for the Reverend John Chipman, and contains many fine Georgian features. Attached to its north side is a two story single-room ell that dates to c. 1695, and was probably built by Exercise Conant, son of early Cape Ann settler Roger Conant.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. A historical marker at the site reads, "Roger Conant was a prudent and religious man who led the old planters from Gloucester to Salem in 1626, and held them together until the Bay Colony was founded. This house was built on land given by him to his son Exercise Conant in 1666. -Massachusetts Bay Colony Tercentenary Commission".

</doc>
<doc id="18745438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745438" title="Kfar HaOranim">
Kfar HaOranim

Kfar HaOranim (. "lit." Village of the Pines), also known as Menora () or Giv'at Ehud, is a communal Israeli settlement in the West Bank. It is contiguous with Lapid and near to the major city of Modi'in, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Binyamin Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 2,000.
Planning for the settlement (then with the name Giv'at Ehud, after Ehud Ben Amiti, a fighter pilot in Operation Opera) began in 1981. The cornerstone was laid in 1984 at a ceremony attended by Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir, by which time the name had changed to Menora. However, legal issues over the ownership of the land led to a delay in construction. The first residents finally moved in during October 1997.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="18745444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745444" title="WTTT">
WTTT

WTTT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18745447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745447" title="Park Avenue House (Detroit, Michigan)">
Park Avenue House (Detroit, Michigan)

The Park Avenue House is a high rise residential building located at 2305 Park Avenue in the Park Avenue Historic District in downtown Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
Significance.
Formerly known as the Royal Palm, it is one of three hotels located on Park Avenue and designed by Louis Kamper for Lew Tuller; the other two are the Eddystone at 100 Sproat St. and the Park Avenue at 2643. All three are on the National Register of Historic Places. The Royal Palm, confusingly, took the name of the Park Avenue Hotel at some point.
The Royal Palm is the oldest hotel in the downtown Detroit area, and operated continuously as a hotel until its conversion to a high-rise residential building named the Park Avenue House. The Royal Palm is one three original hotels built by Lew Tuller; the others are the Park Avenue and the Eddystone located in Midtown.
Description.
The Royal Palm is a thirteen-story hotel with Italian Renaissance details; the building features unusual packeted bay windows. It is located within the Park Avenue Historic District; the entrance faces Park Avenue. Although the building has undergone some alterations, it is generally in excellent condition. The Town Pump Tavern is located on the ground floor of the building.

</doc>
<doc id="18745455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745455" title="Lee Bo-young">
Lee Bo-young

Lee Bo-young (born January 12, 1979) is a South Korean actress. She is best known for starring in the television dramas "My Daughter Seo-young" (2012) and "I Can Hear Your Voice" (2013).
Career.
Lee Bo-young won the Miss Korea beauty pageant in Daejeon and the surrounding South Chungcheong Province in 2000. Having majored in Korean literature at Seoul Women's University, she originally dreamed of becoming a news presenter. She was one of 15 finalists in MBC's annual recruitment drive in 2002, but ended up not getting the job. Instead, she turned to modeling, and was chosen as the exclusive advertising model for Asiana Airlines, considered a gateway to stardom. 
Lee made her acting debut in 2003, and among her early roles was in "People of the Water Flower Village" (2004) opposite Song Il-gook, and as the antagonist in "Save the Last Dance for Me" (2004).
In 2005, Lee played her first leading role in the daily drama "My Sweetheart, My Darling", followed by the Silla-set historical epic "Ballad of Seo Dong" with Jo Hyun-jae. She spent the next several years in television dramas -- "Mr. Goodbye" with Ahn Jae-wook, "Queen of the Game" with Joo Jin-mo, and "Becoming a Billionaire" (also known as "Birth of the Rich") with Ji Hyun-woo -- but none struck a chord with audiences or critics. 
After playing the love interest in "My Brother" (2004) and "A Dirty Carnival" (2006), Lee was cast in her first major big screen role in "Once Upon a Time" (2008). The heist comedy is set during colonial rule in the 1940s, and she and Park Yong-woo played notorious swindlers out to steal a diamond from the Japanese army. 
Her two films released in 2009 were both melodramas. In "More Than Blue" (also known as "A Story Sadder Than Sadness"), Kwon Sang-woo played a terminally ill man who selflessly marries off his soulmate (Lee) to an eligible doctor (Lee Beom-soo), but the tragedy is undercut with a poetic sparseness. While in the ironically titled "I Am Happy", Lee played a nurse who falls for a patient in the psychiatric ward (Hyun Bin), and in each other they find consolation to see them through their harsh and miserable reality. 
Lee returned to television in 2010, playing a seductress in the quirky cable drama "Harvest Villa" opposite Shin Ha-kyun. She then had a guest arc as the president's daughter on spy series "", followed by post-divorce romance "Hooray for Love" (also known as "A Thousand Affections", 2011) with Lee Tae-sung, and revenge drama "Man from the Equator" (2012) with Uhm Tae-woong. 
She then played the titular character in "My Daughter Seo-young", a career woman who is angry at her father (Chun Ho-jin), whose gambling addiction led to her mother's death, yet she struggles to keep the family together and make ends meet. Lee said playing Seo-young required a greater depth of emotion than any of her previous roles, which left her drained but also feeling a greater sense of achievement. The family drama is the biggest hit of Lee's career yet; it dominated the weekly ratings chart for 22 straight weeks, and recorded a series high of 47.6% on its last episode, the highest Korean drama rating so far in 2013. 
Her follow-up series "I Can Hear Your Voice" (2013) was also popular during its run. In it, Lee played a materialistic public defender who testified in behalf of a boy with supernatural abilities (Lee Jong-suk) 10 years ago after she witnessed the boy's father being murdered. Critics said with her stubborn and argumentative character, Lee was able to break free of her previous calm and elegant image. She won several awards for her performance, including the Daesang ("Grand Prize"), the highest honor at the SBS Drama Awards.
In 2014, Lee played a mother who travels back in time two weeks before her daughter's kidnapping and murder in "God's Gift - 14 Days".
Other activities.
Lee is also active in environmental causes, including the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification. 
Personal life.
Lee met actor Ji Sung on the set of 2004 TV series "Save Last Dance for Me", and they confirmed their relationship in 2007. On August 2, 2013, they announced their engagement by uploading handwritten letters on their respective official fan sites. They married at Aston House, W Seoul Walkerhill Hotel on September 27, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18745461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745461" title="Dobrichka Municipality">
Dobrichka Municipality

Dobrichka municipality () or Dobrich rural municipality (Добрич-селска) is a municipality in Dobrich Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, located in Southern Dobruja geographical region. It lies in the central southern part of the province and is not to be confused with Dobrich municipality (equivalent to the town of Dobrich), which is an enclave within Dobrichka.
The municipality embraces a territory of 1,296.16 km² with a population of 24,292 inhabitants, as of December 2009. 
Although the city is not part of the municipality, the administration is headquartered in Dobrich. 
Settlements.
Dobrichka municipality includes the following 68 villages:
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last two decades. Since 1992 Dobrichka Municipality has become a separate administrative unit out of Dobrich Municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="18745462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745462" title="Samuel Corning House">
Samuel Corning House

The Samuel Corning House is a historic First Period house at 87 Hull Street in Beverly, Massachusetts. It is a 2.5 story five bay house with a central chimney that was apparently built in stages, and is also notable for early 20th century preservation actions. The first portion, to the right of the chimney, was built c. 1700 as a typical First Period two story single cell structure. Around 1720 the left side was built, and a leanto section was added to the back at a somewhat later date. The house was purchased in 1920 by Quincy Adams Shaw McKean, who made it a part of a Colonial Revival complex he and his wife had built on their estate.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18745464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745464" title="Gerald O'Sullivan">
Gerald O'Sullivan

Gerald O'Sullivan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18745476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745476" title="New Creek, Staten Island">
New Creek, Staten Island

The New Creek watershed encompasses on the East Shore of Staten Island, New York. The creek is fed by many natural springs in the area, which were used by the Lenape Indians before the arrival of European colonists in the Seventeenth Century. Many of the springs have been channeled underground by urban development as the population expanded throughout New York City. The watershed consists of marshland which supports a variety of flora and fauna. Spartina grass flourished in a tidal wetland before the restoration of the shore and beach area and the development of a shoreline urban park by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation in the 1960s, blocking tidal flow to the area. The main channel dominates the neighborhood of Midland Beach, with the surrounding watershed covering the neighborhoods of Dongan Hills, Grant City and Todt Hill. The New York City Department of Environmental Protection has embarked on a vast Bluebelt project, which incorporates most of the east and south shores of Staten Island. Some of the indigenous flora include Rose Mallow, Soft Rush, and Bladder Sedge.

</doc>
<doc id="18745477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745477" title="Matthew Allin">
Matthew Allin

Matthew Lee Allin (born September 23, 1978) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played List A cricket for Devon. He was born in Bideford.
Allin made two appearances in the Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy competition of 2003, the first game in September 2002 and the second in May 2003. A lower-order batsman, Allin picked up 23 runs in the two innings in which he batted, as well as three catches and one stumping.

</doc>
<doc id="18745478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745478" title="S31">
S31

S31 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18745483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745483" title="Eddystone Building">
Eddystone Building

The Eddystone Building is a former hotel located in Midtown Detroit, Michigan at 100-118 Sproat Street. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. 
Significance.
The Eddystone is one of three hotels on Park Avenue designed by Louis Kamper for Lew Tuller; the other two are the Royal Palm at 2305 Park Avenue and the former Park Avenue Hotel at 2643 Park Avenue (across Sproat from the Eddystone). All three are on the National Register of Historic Places.
Current use.
In 2005, plans to convert the Eddystone into 60 condominiums with street-level retail space were announced by Michigan Governor Jennifer M. Granholm.
In August 2010, work was being carried out on the site to secure the lower floors of the building by bricking up the windows. 

</doc>
<doc id="18745491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745491" title="Crombie Street District">
Crombie Street District

The Crombie Street District in Salem, Massachusetts encompasses a small residential enclave in a now urbanized part of central Salem. It consists of seven houses and one church, located at 7-15 and 16-18 Crombie St., and 13 Barton Street. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Crombie Street was laid out in 1805 by Benjamin Crombie, who owned a tavern on nearby Essex Street. He sold off all of that property by 1819, at which time only two of the surviving houses (#9 and #15 Crombie) had been built. The house at #9 was built by Crombie c. 1809, and was occupied and eventually purchased by Joel Bowker, a leading Salem merchant and developer (one of Bowker's properties survives on Essex Street near the Peabody Essex Museum). The house is an elegant brick Federalist that was altered in the 1860s with the addition of Italianate styling. The house at #15 is a 2.5 story wood frame building that has retained its Federal styling.
The William Pike house, at 18 Crombie Street, is a c. 1770 house that was moved to Crombie Street in 1830. It is a 2.5 story Georgian house with a gambrel roof. William Pike was an abolitionist and an associate of Nathaniel Hawthorne, who played an important role in the Underground Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="18745523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745523" title="Park Avenue Building (Detroit, Michigan)">
Park Avenue Building (Detroit, Michigan)

The Park Avenue Building is a 12-story beaux-arts high-rise located at 2001-2017 Park Avenue in the Park Avenue Historic District in downtown Detroit, Michigan. 

</doc>
<doc id="18745526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745526" title="Daddy Frye's Hill Cemetery">
Daddy Frye's Hill Cemetery

Daddy Frye's Hill Cemetery founded in 1728, is a historic cemetery at East and Arlington Streets in Methuen, Massachusetts. 
The cemetery is more commonly known as Meeting House Hill, so named because on this site was erected the first Meeting House 1728-1796, the Second Meeting House 1798-1832. This building was removed in 1832, and replaced by the present stone church in 1855, which retains some of the timbers from the 1796 structure. Afterward the hill became more commonly known as Daddy Frye's Hill, for Jeremiah Frye, who kept a large tavern on the northwest corner of the intersection of East and Brook Streets.
Here lies buried the founders of the Town of Methuen and the first Minister Reverend Christopher Sargent. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places January 20, 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18745527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745527" title="Union Volunteer Emergency Squad">
Union Volunteer Emergency Squad

The Union Volunteer Emergency Squad provides emergency services for the populace of Union, United States.
History.
In 1972 the Town of Union (TOU) residents recognized a need for emergency medical services and ambulance transport. A building was obtained at Hooper Road School on Main Street in Endwell, and the ambulance squad was placed in the basement. In 1973 Union Volunteer Emergency Squad (UVES) was established as an all volunteer service and responded to their first call on June 1, 1973. Over the next 2 years, UVES established itself and became a training center for Broome County and helped to establish other ambulance services. In 1975 West Endicott dissolved its ambulance service and was merged with UVES. In the same year, Johnson City Fire Department requested UVES help with establishing their ambulance and UVES help purchase their 1st ambulance.
As UVES developed and grew from a BLS ambulance it acquired a cardiac monitor, with help from United Health Services and soon became a designated "Heart Mobile" ambulance staffed with "Cardiac Care" Techs (specialized EMT's). ALS response was started at the start of June, 1975.
From 1975-1983 the facilities remained and responses were from the Hooper Rd, station until 1983 when the TOU acquired a building and a new 'Central Station' on Avenue B in Endwell, NY and was soon dedicated later in the year. As UVES call and response volume increased several more station were acquired to help spread resources over the TOU response district. In 1987 a property already owned by the TOU was donated to UVES at Maple Street in Endicott, and soon a station was built, where ambulances and squad members could be stationed. Several response headquarters were located in Johnson City, NY and finally in 1990 a single building was deemed "Panko Station" (named after Nick Panko for his efforts) which housed additional ambulances and squad members. Out of these three station the entirely volunteer squad responded to a rising call volume of 3,000 calls a year.
As call volume again increased exponentially for UVES ambulance services, and in 1992 hired a director of operations who established a third-party billing system. After the billing system was established extra resources were available and 4 full-time compensated members were hired to help fulfill the ever increasing demand. Later that year and to this date, UVES provides on-duty EMS coverage 24 hours a day 7 days a week.
Until 2003, UVES was operated entirely from the revenue generated from the third-party billing. In fall of 2003, the TOU presented to the residence and passed legislation that allowed for a tax district to support ambulance. Later in the year in 2003 UVES ventured into new territory and started to provide 'non' emergency transport services for health care services throughout Broome County. New vehicles and employees helped with this venture and is still evolving to this date. Both the tax district that was established along with the new transports helped with the every increase demand on the 911 system in the TOU.
In 2004 to help with billing, UVES set out on another venture and formed PreHospital Billing Solutions (PHBS). This is currently UVES billing company helping to find a balance between patient care and the expense of the care.
In 2004, the employees of UVES voted with an overwhelming majority to organize into a labor union local of the International Association of EMT's and Paramedics (IAEP). The IAEP Local 152 has negotiated several contracts since its inception and represents over 80% of the paid field staff at UVES. Greater that 90% on all EMS calls in the Town of Union are responded to by members of the IAEP Local 152. The published goals of the IAEP Local 152 are to protect the interests of its members which allow them to provide excellent emergency care to the residents and visitors of the Town of Union. The Local 152 is directed by a local Executive Board consisting of President Tom Holder; Vice President Mike Hopkins; Secretary Mark Fellner; Treasurer Margie Pero; and Chief Shop Steward Ed Knudsen.
To this date UVES responds to 8,000+ 911 calls and transport a year in the TOU with full staffed by 37 compensated employees, and 80+ volunteer EMT's, and ambulance aids as a full staff agency 24 hours a day 7 days a week in Broome County NY. ambulance.
Communications.
All 911 related 'emergent' transport and non-emergency calls are dispatched through the consolidated Broome County Communications Center (BCCC) managed by Brett Chellis from Broome Country office of emergency services, which holds all Fire, EMS, and Police dispatching for the entire county. The BCCC has advanced Computer Aided Dispatching (CAD), as well as dispatching all calls through the Emergency Medical Dispatch (EMD) system. All emergency dispatchers at BCCC hold the EMD certification.

</doc>
<doc id="18745539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745539" title="L'attore scomparso">
L'attore scomparso

"L'attore scomparso" ("The Actor Died") is a 1941 Italian film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Vivi Gioi. 

</doc>
<doc id="18745556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745556" title="Kokhav Ya'akov">
Kokhav Ya'akov

Kokhav Ya'akov (, literally, "Star of Jacob") is a religious communal Israeli settlement in the West Bank. It is located between Ramah in Benjamin and Bet-El near al-Bireh, and is about 10 minutes away by car from the Jerusalem neighborhoods of Pisgat Ze'ev and Neve Yaakov. It falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Binyamin Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 5,600. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
History.
The village was established in 1985 by the Amana settlement movement, and was initially named Abir Ya'akov after Rabbi Ya'akov Abuhatzeira. In 1988 its name was changed to Kokhav Ya'akov.
The Haredi neighborhood of Tel Zion, established in 1990, is part of the village.
Yemen Gallery.
In March 2013 a heritage and tourism site promoting the legacy of Yemenite Jewry opened in Kokhav Ya'akov. Founded by Shoham Simchi, the Yemen Gallery () houses an art gallery and a workshop that recreates the life of Yemen's Jews. The building itself is designed in the spirit of traditional Yemenite architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="18745557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745557" title="Dalton House">
Dalton House

The Dalton House is a historic colonial house at 95 State Street in Newburyport, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1746, and is one of the best preserved Georgian houses in the city. It was built by Michael Dalton, a mariner and merchant who settled in Newburyport in 1735. Dalton's son Tristram was a major local figure during the American Revolutionary War, and was one of the first United States Senators from Massachusetts. As such, the house was visited by a number of luminaries of early American history, including George Washington and the Marquis de Lafayette. The house was acquired by the Dalton Club, a men's social club, in 1898.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978, and included in the Newburyport Historic District in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18745587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745587" title="Dascomb House">
Dascomb House

The Dascomb House is a historic house at 125 Dascomb Road in Andover, Massachusetts. It was built c. 1760 by Jacob Johnson, a local blacksmith who had his shop on the property. It remained in the Johnson family until 1832, when it was deeded to Jacob Dascomb, deacon of the West Parish Church. He fell on financial hard times and sold the property in 1852, after which it has been through a long succession of owners.
The house is a typical 2.5 story center chimney Georgian colonial. It was embellished at some point with Greek Revival details, and a front porch added around the turn of the 20th century has since been removed. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18745626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745626" title="HD 191104">
HD 191104

HD 191104 is a double or multiple star.

</doc>
<doc id="18745629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745629" title="Ephraim Davis House">
Ephraim Davis House

The Ephraim Davis House is a historic First Period house on Merrimack Road, north of the junction with Amesbury Line Road in Haverhill, Massachusetts. It is now an outbuilding of a farm, functioning as a garage and storage space. The first part of the 2.5 story house was built in 1705 by Ephraim Davis, who married in that year. This consisted of a central chimney and rooms to its right; rooms to the left of the chimney, and a leanto section in the back, were added later in the 18th century. The house remained in the hands of Davis descendants into the late 19th century. The house has been unoccupied since 1929, and has seen a variety of farm-related uses since then. Its surviving First Period elements of note are its oak timber frame and central chimney, although it is possible the chimney is a later 18th century rebuilding.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18745632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745632" title="Noah Pollak">
Noah Pollak

Noah Pollak is an American political writer specializing in issues concerning foreign policy, Israel, and the Jewish people. In 2012 he was named by the Algemeiner Journal as one of the "top ten living spokespeople for Jews and Israel."
Professional Life.
Pollak was a regular contributor to Commentary Magazine and now writes a blog with the Weekly Standard. He also serves as the executive director of the Emergency Committee for Israel (ECI). Pollak was formally an assistant editor of the Middle East Quarterly, a publication of the Middle East Forum.
During the 2012 presidential campaign, Pollak made public appearances as a foreign policy surrogate for the Romney campaign.
In 2012 he was named by the Algemeiner Journal as one of the "top ten living spokespeople for Jews and Israel."
Under Pollak's leadership, the Emergency Committee for Israel has received four advertising industry awards for its work in 2011 and 2012, including a Gold award in 2012 from the American Association of Political Consultants for best overall public affairs campaign.
For two years Pollak lived in Israel and served as the assistant editor of Azure magazine published by the Jerusalem-based Shalem Center. Pollak has also written for the National Review, the Wall Street Journal, Haaretz, Jerusalem Post, Politico, and other publications, and appeared on Fox News PBS Newshour, and CNN.
Pollak and ECI have frequently been criticized by mainstream liberal Jewish groups.
Personal life.
Pollak graduated from the University of Vermont in 2003 with a degree in political science and English. He was formerly an MA student in international affairs at Yale University, as well as a member of Yale's Jewish Society, Eliezer.

</doc>
<doc id="18745636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745636" title="Messberg (Hamburg U-Bahn station)">
Messberg (Hamburg U-Bahn station)

The underground railway station Meßberg is located in the city centre of Hamburg, Germany and served by the rapid transit trains of the line U1 of the Hamburg U-Bahn. The station is managed by the Hamburger Hochbahn, the operator of the underground railway.
History.
In March 1894, the first electric tram line in Hamburg served an at grade stop "Meßberg". On , the construction of the 0.7 km long tunnel-line from "Jungfernstieg" station to the new underground station "Meßberg" was finished, it was the first new construction of an underground rail line in Hamburg after 24 years. On the tunnel to the newly built underground station “Central Station” was completed.
Service.
The trains of the line U1 from Norderstedt to Ohlstedt / Großhansdorf are calling the station.

</doc>
<doc id="18745647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745647" title="Jackson Analogue">
Jackson Analogue

Jackson analogue are a garage rock band from England
Formed in 2004, The Jackson Analogue are a five piece rock band who in their short but illustrious career so far has seen them sign to a major record label, leave a major record label, licence their debut album around the world and are now getting read to release their second self recorded and produced album “Half Way Home”.
A Brief History.
Early 2005 the band self release their first 7” “Band on a Hill”.
After receiving plays on BBC Radio 1, BBC Radio 2, XFM and many specialist shows the record labels come knocking and after their first sell out gig at Ryde Castle on the Isle of Wight, and after much bidding the band sign with Island Records.
They then proceed to start recording on their debut album, which they finished late 2005 and everything is ready to start in late 2006.
2006 starts off promising with UK tours, storming performances at SXSW and support tours with The Fratellis. But with delays on the album being released, the Band and its management decide to leave Island Records and walk away with the album under their arms and a bunch of new songs were recorded they set about getting things in place to self release their debut album.
Early 2007, they have licence deals in every territory worldwide and release the record to worldwide critical acclaim and support dates with The Who. Their brand of the traditional rock/blues/soul sound draws slight comparisons to the genres finest and as soon as tours are finished, promotion is put to bed. The Band start pooling together the new songs they have been working on and set about working on the ideas they have for Album 2.
November 2007 recording begins on Album number 2. The brothers have decided to write, record, arrange and produce the album all on their own at their studio Luka. The Album takes five weeks start to finish.
They enjoyed the Christmas holidays and in January 2008 begin the process of mixing the record and in February 2008 go to Abbey Road to master what will be Album 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18745648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745648" title="Davis-Freeman House">
Davis-Freeman House

The Davis-Freeman House is a historic house at 302 Essex Street in Gloucester, Massachusetts. In 1709 Jacob Davis acquired a grant of land at the head of the Little River, and by 1712 he had built this house and a mill on it. The house is a 2.5 story plank construction set on slightly more than . It has had a few 20th century additions, and underwent a restoration in the 1930s that was relatively sensitive to historical accuracy for the time.
For most of the 18th century the was used as a hostel and tavern. In 1860 it was purchased by Robin Freeman, an escaped slave, and it remained in the Freeman family until 1929. It was then purchased by Peter Keffer, who undertook the restoration of the property. It now serves as part of a homeless shelter. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18745654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745654" title="Jean Ralaimongo">
Jean Ralaimongo

Jean Ralaimongo (1885–1944) was a teacher who came to prominence after campaigning to get the French government to give citizenship to the people of Madagascar. Ralaimongo wanted Madagascar to become a French département and therefore part of France. He came to prominence after 3,000 demonstrated following speeches in a cinema in 1929.
Biography.
Ralaimongo was born in 1885 to a pastor at one of the missions in Madagascar. This was the same year that a treaty was made between the main ruler of the Island and France. The terms of this treaty would serve as a pretext for France to invade ten years later. Ralaimongo became a teacher and after visiting France in 1910 he like 40,000 of his fellows served in the first world war. A fifth of these 40,000 did not return, but those who had shown this allegiance to France may have felt that France may also owe them some allegiance. Ralaimongo wanted to be given the chance to be a Frenchman.
In 1913, the "Vy Vato Sakelika" was formed. Nominally a cultural organisation, the literal translation of "VVS" as the iron and steel network gives better clues to its intentions. The authorities convinced by its cell network, sentenced some members to imprisonment in 1916 using tribunal power. These sentences were not removed until November 1922.
As leaders of VVS, both Ralaimongo and D were watched closely, although Ralaimongo's intentions were not at that time militant. He wanted to see On Madagascar become part of France and saw the naturalisation of his fellow citizens as a gradual way forward. However the authorities tried and convicted him of sedition in July 1922. Faced with imprisonment he went to Paris and became involved with journalism. He founded a paper called "L'Opinion" which together with other newspapers they arrange to have published in their home state.
At the beginning of 1924 Ralaimongo was still in Paris meeting others of a socialist view including the future Ho Chi Minh. Ralaimongo returned to Madagascar later that year and became involved with labour relations. A system was introduced by the French to put forward two committees that would be delegates for the people views, but these people had no power. These committees were called "Délégations Économiques et Financières" and were a victory for Ralaimongo, but the administration led them strongly, arguing with the colonists views and ignoring the Malagasy. This is regretful as the population gained little experience of democracy.
In 1929, 3,000 protesters arose after a meeting at a cinema on the 19 May where they heard a speech by Paul Dussac. They gathered around the Governors office in Tananarive where they were armed with sticks and red flags. By the time the next Governor General arrived, Léon Cayla, the police repressions had made heroes of the leaders of the 19th May demonstration. The new General tried to increase the number of applications approved for French citizenship
but it was still very low, and far short of the demonstrators demand for mass naturalisation.
Ralaimongo and Joseph Ravoahangy were placed under house arrest in 1930, and not given an amnesty until 1936.
Afterwards.
Ralaimongo died in 1944 and it was only at the end of the second world war that the French Government allowed some form of democracy. At the end of 1945, two people were elected by the Malagasy to represent them in Paris. These were Joseph Raseta and Joseph Ravoahangy. Both of these were now committed to self-determination for Madagascar.
On March 29, 1947 the French put down an uprising in Madagascar. Estimates of up to 80,000 dead are made, but later estimates put the figure as low as 11,000.
Madagascar gained its independence on 26 June 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18745678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745678" title="Derby Waterfront District">
Derby Waterfront District

The Derby Waterfront District in Salem, Massachusetts encompasses a historically significant portion of the waterfront area of the city. It encompasses properties along Derby Street, which parallels the waterfront, eastward from the Salem Maritime National Historic Site to its junction with Fort Avenue, and includes properties on the side streets between Derby and the waterfront. In addition to the National Historic Site, it includes the House of Seven Gables, a National Historic Landmark District.
The district features Federal architecture and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
The National Historic Site consists of 12 historic structures and about 9 acres (36,000 m2) of land along the waterfront on Salem Harbor and was the first American National Historic Site, and interprets the triangular trade during the colonial period; privateers during the American Revolution; and sea trade, especially with the Far East, after independence.

</doc>
<doc id="18745696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745696" title="Ruth Rose">
Ruth Rose

Ruth Rose (January 16, 1891 – June 8, 1978) was a writer who worked on several films in the 1930s and the 1940s, most famously the original 1933 classic "King Kong".
Early life.
Rose was born on January 16, 1891 to a playwright, Edward E. Rose. At age 14 she first appeared on the Broadway stage doing various ingenue parts. In 1926, Rose was working as the official historian on a New York Zoological Society expedition to the Galapagos Islands, led by William Beebe. Ernest Schoedsack was working as a cinematographer on that same expedition, just after he had made the film "Grass: A Nation's Battle for Life" (1925) with Merian C. Cooper. Rose and Schoedsack met there and fell in love. In 1926 they were married. She joined Schoedsack and Cooper in some of their other adventures and productions, including the film "Chang" (1927).
King Kong.
In the early 1930s, Cooper began development for his film "King Kong". He had already gotten two other writers to work on "Kong". The first one, Edgar Wallace, died before he could make any significant changes, and the second, James Ashmore Creelman, wrote a screenplay that was too slow-paced, descriptive, and had too much flowery dialogue according to Cooper. So he hired Rose to rework it. Rose cut out many of the long, unimportant scenes that Creelman had written, in order to make it more fast-paced. She is credited with writing such famous lines as "Oh, no. It wasn’t the airplanes. It was Beauty killed the Beast." She also based the character of Carl Denham on Merian Cooper and Jack Driscoll she based on her husband, Ernest Schoedsack. It was now more like one of the earlier Cooper-Schoedsack adventures.
Later life.
After the success of "King Kong", Rose wrote several other movies including "Blind Adventure", "Son of Kong", "She", "The Last Days of Pompeii", and "Mighty Joe Young", another giant ape adventure. Her "Kong" screenplay was the basis for two remakes of "King Kong", one in 1976 and one in 2005. Rose did not write any more films before her death on June 8, 1978, although, she did many rewrites and dialogue changes down through the years. She was survived by her husband and her only child, Peter, born in 1929 with cerebral palsy.

</doc>
<doc id="18745702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745702" title="Denny Jiosa">
Denny Jiosa

Denny Jiosa is a United States jazz/blues guitarist/composer who has received four Grammy nominations for his recording engineering work.
Jiosa was born in Huntington, Indiana. He began playing guitar at the age of 7 and later toured with bands such as Troy Shondell's, before moving to Los Angeles and taking lessons from Frank Gambale.
Jiosa now lives in Nashville, Tennessee. His most popular single, "Lights of the City," garnered a SESAC national airplay award. He released his sixth contemporary jazz CD, "Dreams Like This", in 2008, with his earlier albums being "body2body","Among Friends", "Jazzberry Pie", "Moving Pictures" and "Inner Voices".
Jiosa has worked on four Grammy nominated projects both as a guitarist and engineer/producer: three while working with Yolanda Adams and one for Polka great, LynnMarie.
Production.
Moving Pictures (1995).
1. Evening Drive<br> 
2. Per Mi Amore <br> 
3. Cruising For Bruising<br> 
4. Moving Pictures<br> 
5. Greta Got A New Dress<br> 
6. Miles To Monaco<br> 
7. April's Foolish Day<br> 
8. All My Love<br> 
9. I'll Take You There<br> 
10. Aarau<br> 
11. Friends
Label: Blue Orchid
Musicians: Denny Jiosa (Guitar, Programming, Producer, Main Performer, Engineer, Vocals); Chris Kent (Bass); Jay Lowder (Bass); David Hungate (Bass); Anthony Harmon (Bass); Matt Pierson (Bass); Rick Malkin (Percussion); Eric Darken (Percussion); Chester Thompson (Drums); Rick Simenson (Drums); Quinjuan Anderson (Drums); Jerry Tachoir (Vibraphone); David Hoffner (Piano, Keyboards); Rachel Sumner (Vocals); Hollie Farris (Trumpet)
Inner Voices (1996).
1. Groovinonymous<br> 
2. Angel's Kiss<br> 
3. A Walk In The Park<br> 
4. Lights Of The City<br> 
5. Time In Times Square<br> 
6. Always With You<br> 
7. Inner Voices<br> 
8. What About Blue<br> 
9. Tears Of Mercy<br> 
10. Selah<br> 
11. The Last Goodbye<br> 
Label: Blue Orchid
Musicians: Denny Jiosa (Guitar, Vocals, Engineer, Main Performer, Producer, Mixing, Programming); Ann McCrary (Vocals); Wanda Watkins (Vocals); Cedric Sesley (Vocals); Armirris Palmore (Vocals); Rodney Covington (Vocals); Juanita Edwards (Vocals); Hollie Farris (Trumpet); Pat Coil (Piano, Keyboards); Chester Thompson (Drums); 
Eric Darken (Percussion); Chris Kent (Bass); Mark Douthit Saxophone
Jazzberry Pie (1998).
1. Old Money<br> 
2. 57 Pearl Street<br> 
3. Vertigo<br> 
4. Nine Weeks<br> 
5. Jazzberry Pie<br> 
6. Chain Reaction<br> 
7. The Promise<br> 
8. Steppin On My Shadow<br> 
9. Takin The Backroads<br> 
10. In Your Presence<br> 
11. Forever Yours
Label: Blue Orchid
Musicians: Denny Jiosa (Guitar, Engineer, Main Performer, Mixing, Producer, Programming); Eric Darken (Percussion); Alex Poston (Vibraphone); Jim White (Drums); Hollie Farris (Keyboards, Trumpet ); Chris Kent (Bass); Tom Reynolds (Keyboards)
Among Friends (1999).
1. Y2Gruv<br> 
2. Nic Of Time<br> 
3. Lisa<br> 
4. Gottatude<br> 
5. I Only Have Eyes For You<br> 
6. Among Friends<br> 
7. Spider Dance<br> 
8. Tacotuesday<br> 
9. Cahmdadaddy<br> 
10. Gentle Spirit<br> 
11. Who I Am /Bonus Track
Label: 1201 Music
Musicians: Denny Jiosa (Guitar, Producer, Engineer, Main Performer, Vocal Programming, Mixing, Programming); Chester Thompson (Drums); Harlan Rogers (Piano, Keyboards);
Hollie Farris (Flugelhorn); Chris Kent (Bass); Kirk Whalum (Saxophone);Glen Caruba (Percussion); Chester Thompson (Drums)
Body2Body (2002).
1. Body2Body<br> 
2. Cool Shoes<br> 
3. Il Dolce Per Due (Dessert For 2)<br> 
4. Europa<br> 
5. Dreaming In Blue<br> 
6. Peace In Manhattan<br> 
7. You're Like Chocolate To Me<br> 
8. Into The Storm<br> 
9. Them Changes<br> 
10. Europa (Remix)
Label: 1201 Music
Musicians: Denny Jiosa (Guitar, Vocals, Engineer, Mixing, Producer, Programming); Chuck Yamek (Guitar Roger Spencer (Bass [Electric, Bass ); Chris Kent (Bass); Pat Coil (Keyboards); 
Bob Mater (Drums); Chester Thompson (Drums);
Jeffery Scot Wills (Saxophone); Hollie Farris (Trumpet, Flugelhorn); Chris Dunn (Trombone)
Dreams Like This (2008).
LABEL: SONIC CANVAS RECORDS
Musicians: Denny Jiosa; Chester Thompson; Chris Kent; Glen Caruba; Pat Coil; Dan Moretti.

</doc>
<doc id="18745708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745708" title="Derby Wharf Light">
Derby Wharf Light

Derby Wharf Light Station is a historic lighthouse on Derby Wharf in Salem, Massachusetts that is within the Salem Maritime National Historic Site.
It was built in 1871 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. The United States Coast Guard Light List description is "White square tower. Maintained by the U.S. Park Service". The actual light is above Mean High Water. Its red light is visible for .

</doc>
<doc id="18745728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745728" title="Lake Hudson State Recreation Area">
Lake Hudson State Recreation Area

Lake Hudson State Recreation Area is a state park located near Clayton, Lenawee County, Michigan. It is a recognized dark-sky preserve and one of the least used state parks near Detroit. Its campsites have a fair amount of buffer space between them.

</doc>
<doc id="18745729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745729" title="Diamond Historic District (Lynn, Massachusetts)">
Diamond Historic District (Lynn, Massachusetts)

The Diamond Historic District is an expansive residential historic district located between downtown Lynn, Massachusetts and Boston Harbor. Its southern boundary is a concrete seawall running along Lynn Shore Drive between the town lines of Nahant and Swampscott. Its eastern boundary is the town line with Swampscott at Eastern Avenue. The northern boundary runs along Broad and Lewis Streets to Nahant Street, which forms the western boundary. The district is roughly bisected by Ocean Avenue. It includes more than 700 contributing resources, of which almost 500 are single family residences. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
The oldest buildings in the district are a few Federal-period buildings in the Washington Square area on Broad Street. This area was settled as early as the 1630s, but the oldest building to survive in the district is the Daniel Newhall House, built c. 1825. Most of the surviving Federal houses are conservative 2.5 story center chimney buildings. There are also relatively few Greek Revival buildings, with a handful of well-preserved specimens surviving.
Development in the area grew more substantially after 1840, and late 19th century architectural styles dominate the district. There are a significant number of Italianate, Queen Anne, and Second Empire houses, most notably the Lucian Newhall Houses, listed on the National Register in 1985. There are fewer Shingle style houses than Queen Anne, both styles that were popular late in the 19th century. The single style best represented in the district is Colonial Revival, with exemplars built between 1890 and 1940. Notable among these is the Charles Lovejoy House, listed separately in 1978.
There are only four religious structures in the district. The oldest, a Quaker meetinghouse, was built c. 1825, while the other three, two churches and a synagogue, all date to the early decades of the 20th century. There are also only a handful of commercial buildings, located on Broad and Lewis Streets, the main traffic artery in the district.

</doc>
<doc id="18745737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745737" title="Li Qian (table tennis)">
Li Qian (table tennis)

Li Qian (born July 30, 1986) is a Chinese-Polish female table tennis player, who currently lives in Tarnobrzeg and represents the team of Siarka Tarnobrzeg. In early 2008, Li Qian became the first ever female Polish table tennis player to take part in the prestigious TOP-12 in Frankfurt am Main. She reached the final, losing to Li Jiao from the Netherlands. Li Qian, who in November 2007 became a naturalised citizen of Poland, represented Poland at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing and the 2012 Olympic Games in London. 
In May 2008, she was 26th in the world rank of the International Table Tennis Federation, and fifth in the European rank of the ITTF.
In February 2009, she won the TOP-12 in Düsseldorf, defeating Li Jie in the final match. Li Qian was ranked 3rd in Europe and 22nd on the world ranking list.

</doc>
<doc id="18745742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745742" title="Inca Jay">
Inca Jay

The Inca Jay ("Cyanocorax yncas") is a bird species of the New World jays, which is endemic to the Andes of South America.
Description.
29.5–34.3 cm (11.7–13.6 in). The crown can appear mostly white, with blue limited to the frontal crest and nape. A black bib forms a thick band up to the sides of the head as well as a stripe through the eye line and one above it. The breast and underparts typically are bright yellow. The upper parts are rich green. It has large nasal bristles that form a distinct tuft in some subspecies, but are less developed in others. The color of the iris is bright yellow.
Taxonomy.
Formerly (and sometimes still) lumped with Green Jay ("C. luxuosus") of North America; the lumped species is then called Green Jay, but with the scientific name of "C. yncas".
Breeding.
Green Jays usually build a nest in a tree or in a thorny bush or thicket, and the female lays three to five eggs. Only the female incubates, but both parents take care of the young. In Colombia, Inca Jays are recorded as retaining offspring for several years, and those young help the parents raise more chicks. In Venezuela, they have been observed being victims of nest parasitism by Giant Cowbirds.
Feeding.
Their basic diet consists of arthropods, vertebrates, seeds, and fruit.
Voice.
As with most of the typical jays, this species has a very extensive voice repertoire. The bird's most common call makes a "rassh-rassh-rassh" sound, but many other unusual notes also occur. One of the most distinctive calls sounds like an alarm bell.
Distribution and habitat.
The range extends southwards in the Andes from the Colombia and Venezuela through Ecuador, Peru, and Bolivia.

</doc>
<doc id="18745745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745745" title="C'è sempre un ma!">
C'è sempre un ma!

"C'è sempre un ma!" is a 1942 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Carla Del Poggio. 

</doc>
<doc id="18745751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745751" title="Downtown Lawrence Historic District">
Downtown Lawrence Historic District

Downtown Lawrence Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by MA 110, Methuen, Lawrence and Jackson Streets in Lawrence, Massachusetts.
The area contains Greek Revival, Late Victorian, and Italianate architecture. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18745771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745771" title="Dickinson-Pillsbury-Witham House">
Dickinson-Pillsbury-Witham House

The Dickinson-Pillsbury-Witham House is a historic First Period house at 170 Jewett Street in Georgetown, Massachusetts. The oldest part of the 2.5 story wood frame colonial house was built c. 1700, and consisted of the chimney and the rooms to its right. The left side rooms were apparently built not long afterward, based on similarities in the construction methods used on the two sections. The addition projecting from the right side read is a 19th-century addition.
In addition to its great age, the house is notable for its ownership by inventor Paul Pillsbury, who purchased the property c. 1801. His inventions included devices for pegging shoes, milling bark off tree sections, and stripping kernels from ears of corn.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18745772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745772" title="Tourism in Mauritania">
Tourism in Mauritania

Tourism in Mauritania has been severely reduced by the terrorist attacks that have taken place over the last couple of years.
Ancient cities.
The old cities of Ouadane, Chinguetti, Oualata and Tichitt are a vestige of a rich past, that of the Trans-Saharan trade which made these cities part of the city-relays between North Africa and the Black Africa through the Sahara. These cities had a profound religious and cultural influence.
The towns of Chinguetti and Ouadane are in Adrar, the town of Tichitt is in Tagant and Oualata in Hodh EChargui. These four cities were relays on the long routes of the caravans, by which passed part of the trade between North Africa and the Black Africa and lasted for centuries.
The arrival of Europeans on the coasts of Africa gradually diverted commerce towards trading posts which were created little by little on the coasts thus causing the ruin of these cities.
Chinguetti.
Chinguetti is 90 km from Atar, 90 km and 120 km from Ouadane.
Atar is located less than 100 kilometres from, the capital of the area of Adrar, Chinguetti. It is now more accessible since the opening of the new trail, which is more viable than the old one, which goes through the Amogjar pass.
Regarded as the 7th Holy City of Islam, Chinguetti was a religious centre and famous intellectual with many Koranic schools and universities. The city attracted many scientists. A caravan city, Chinguetti played a significant commercial role. It was especially a stop over for the pilgrims going to Mecca.
The influence of Chinguetti largely exceeded the borders of current Mauritania. Its scholars were renowned as far as the Orient. As a matter of fact Mauritania was known as the "Bilad Chenguetti". The city reached its apogee during the 17th and 18th centuries.
Today the regional capital is a city mostly buried under the dunes. It offers an impressive spectacle for the visitor who will note the inexorable advances of the desert. Some rare constructions still remain in the old city, of which the mosque which dates from the 13th century with its rectangular minaret.
The Libraries of Chinguetti contain hundreds of invaluable manuscripts and well preserved according to traditional methods. They are jealously protected family libraries.
Recommended places to visit: the Mosque and the Libraries, the colonial Fort (Fort Saganne known from the film)
Ouadane.
Ouadane is 120 km from Atar, approximately 4 hours of trail to Chinguetti; Atar is 200 km.
Ouadane, or the city of the " two oueds" is an old city whose foundation would date back to 1140. It knew its moments of splendours as a flourishing caravan city for the Trans-Saharan trade. It was the most significant city of the Mauritanian Sahara . Its rich palm plantations were famous. It had seven mosques and large libraries. The city was visited by the Portuguese as early as the 17th century. They established trade with the inhabitants. Ouadane reached its apogee during the 17th century. Its decline started with the massive diversion of the trade to the coasts by the Europeans towards the end of the 17th century.
UNESCO classifies the city as part of the World Inheritance to humanity. In the middle of the desert, Ouadane seems lost in the great expanse of the Sahara. The disappearance of caravans brought about the decline of this city.
Ouadane offers exceptional landscapes because of its geographical situation. Ouadane attracts visitors by the architecture of its houses built in cliffs. Today, tourism offers to Ouadane a new chance to rise again.
The local economy benefits from this activity with the multiplication of inns and small restaurants.
Recommended places to visit: the old mosque, the palm plantation, the old city. As far as other surrounding sites to see somee vestiges it is necessary to go to Tin Labbe, there is also the mysterious Guelb Errichat, and the meteorite studied by Theodore Monod, El Beyedh and the Fort of El Ghallaouya. All that within a radius of 80 km maximum.
Oulata.
Oulata is 90 km from Nema, Tichitt is 400 km and Tidjikja is 700 km.
Oualata is located north of Nema at less than a hundred kilometres. Oualata is old city and is famous for its libraries, its immutable architecture and its mural decorations. It is one of the most beautiful towns of Mauritania because of its environment; it is at the foot of the Dhar. The stone-built houses have an original architecture. Paintings with various motifs decorate the houses.
Oualata was an active city during the Middle Ages. It was built on the sites of Birou, another old city. It is thought that Oualata was built at the beginning of the 11th century. It was a caravan city and a stop over city. Oualata knew moments of splendours. It was a great arts and religious centre, competitor to Timbuktu.
Recommended places to visit: the Koranic school, the fort of Oualata, the library, the works of decoration at private individuals.
To discover is the local gastronomy which very appreciated by all the visitors.
Tichit.
Tichit is 400 km from Tidjikja of Oualata and 490 km to Nema.
One day of travel from Tidjikja or 12 to 14 hours. It is the most isolated old city. Classified as Inheritance to Humanity, Tichitt is a very old city. But its history is best known beginning in the middle of the 12th century.
Caravan city, Tichitt was a commercial metropolis in the Sahara. With its rich silos, its irrigated agriculture, Tichitt were visited caravans and merchants from Hodh, from Tagant but also of North Africa and Black Africa. The city was also famous for its libraries, its scholars and for its 700-year-old mosque.
Tichitt is in fact less known because it was not visited as frequently as other old cities. It is however a city representative of the old architecture. On the road between Tichitt and Tidjikja, there are several canyons, cliffs and cave paintings.
Places recommended to visit: the mosque, Chorfa and Massena districts and in July, there is the Guetna or curing of the dates .
32 km away there is Aghreijitt and there one can visit sites dating from the Neolithic era, burials sites as well as its ruins and Mosque. In the middle of the cliffs one finds the remainders of old villages: potteries, archaeological objects and don't forget the SALINES (EMERSAL), which are still exploited by the cameleers.

</doc>
<doc id="18745799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745799" title="Dodge Building">
Dodge Building

The E. P. Dodge Building is a historic building at 19-23 Pleasant Street in Newburyport, Massachusetts. The Italianate five story brick building was built in 1873 by Elisha P. Dodge, a shoemaker, for use as a factory. When first built it was only four stories, but when Dodge enlarged the premises in 1880, the mansard section was added on top (in addition to extending the building to the rear as far as Prince Place). The building remained in use as a shoe factory until the 1930s, and is now used for commercial and light industrial purposes.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982, and included in the Newburyport Historic District in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18745805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745805" title="Andy Helfer">
Andy Helfer

Andrew Helfer (b. August 17, 1958), is a comic book creator best known for his work as an editor and writer at DC Comics, where he founded the Paradox Press imprint.
Biography.
Helfer joined DC in 1981 and assisted Joe Orlando in the special projects department. He became editor of the "Justice League of America" title with issue #245 (December 1985) and oversaw the title's revamp into "Justice League International" in 1987 by Keith Giffen, J. M. DeMatteis, and Kevin Maguire. Helfer edited "The Man of Steel" limited series by John Byrne and the subsequent relaunch of the Superman titles. As a writer, Helfer collaborated with artist José Luis García-López on a "Deadman" limited series in 1986 and with artist Bill Sienkiewicz on an ongoing series for "The Shadow" in 1987. Following Sienkiewicz's departure from "The Shadow", Kyle Baker became the artist on the series and he and Helfer also produced a two-issue "Justice, Inc." series. The Helfer-Baker run on "The Shadow" was cancelled in 1989 allegedly due to objections by Condé Nast Publications, the character's owner, to the tone of the series. As editor of Paradox Press, Helfer oversaw the development of Max Allan Collins' series "Road to Perdition" and John Wagner's "A History of Violence", both of which became successful films. He wrote the "Presidential Material: John McCain" one-shot biographical comic book for IDW Publishing in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18745815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745815" title="Terence Dolan House">
Terence Dolan House

The Terence Dolan House is a historic house at 478 Prospect Street in Methuen, Massachusetts, United States. Built in 1900, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 20, 1984.
A Georgian Revival house, it is typical of contemporary houses built in the Fair Oaks area, in which many local professionals built large houses.

</doc>
<doc id="18745827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745827" title="Double-arch Sandstone Bridge">
Double-arch Sandstone Bridge

The Double-arch Sandstone Bridge or more commonly known as the Sands Bridge, is a historic dry stone arch bridge over the Spicket River on Hampshire Road in Methuen, Massachusetts. Built without mortar between the stones, parts of it date back to 1735. It was used to handle traffic between Methuen and Salem, New Hampshire.
Current status.
In May 2009, the bridge was in a terrible state of disrepair and in danger of collapse. However, Methuen city officials wanted to make the area more accessible to the public and have unveiled plans to restore the bridge and build an adjoining park with walking paths, viewing areas, "rustic seating" and a parking lot.
As of Sept. 2012, the city of Methuen has allowed the bridge to fall further into disrepair. City officials have not taken any action to care for the bridge. 

</doc>
<doc id="18745830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745830" title="Konakondla">
Konakondla

Konakondla is a very big village (Gooty Taluk near to Guntakal in Anantapur district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
It is believed that this village was once famous for Jainism and Buddhism. There are some historical evidences in and around the village.
From ancient times, this place has produced many gems and diamonds.
References.
The place also produced one of the first IAS officers from the rayalseema region and the first from the district of Anantapur. Shri K.Obayya, a dalit from a very poor background cracked IAS in his first attempt in the early sixties. Many politicians and officers have been produced by this place since then.

</doc>
<doc id="18745837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745837" title="Krushari">
Krushari

Krushari (, pronounced ) is a village in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Dobrich Province. It is the administrative centre of Krushari Municipality, which lies in the northwestern part of the province. Krushari is located 32 kilometres from the provincial capital of Dobrich, 85 kilometres from Varna and around 70 kilometres from Balchik and Silistra.
The old name of the village was "Armutlii" (also "Armutli", "Armutlu", "Armutlia"), which has an Ottoman Turkish etymology and shares the same meaning as the current Bulgarian name: "pear growers" or "pear vendors". The modern name was introduced in 1942, after Southern Dobruja was returned to Bulgaria following a Romanian rule between the 1913 Treaty of Bucharest and the 1940 Treaty of Craiova.

</doc>
<doc id="18745842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745842" title="Maridalia Hernández">
Maridalia Hernández

Maridalia Hernández (born 1959) is a singer from the Dominican Republic.
Early life and education.
Maridalia Hernández was born in San Francisco De Macoris, Dominican Republic, in 1959. She was fully trained as a lyrical singer, pianist, cellist and music teacher.
Career.
She made her live debut as pop singer in 1981, while participating in a musical called "Sonido Para Una Imagen" (Sound for an Image). Later she was cast to raving reviews as Maria Magdalena in the Spanish version of "Jesus Christ Superstar". In 1983, Hernández teamed up with Juan Luis Guerra to assemble the successful bachata-merengue outfit 4:40. Her vocal quality identified the sound of the first years of the well known quartet.
In 1986, she won the Viña del Mar International Song Festival with "Para Quererte," composed by Manuel Tejada and José Antonio Rodríguez.
In 1988 she appeared with pianist Michel Camilo at the Festival de Jazz de Madrid and in 1989 she won third place, with the song "Te ofrezco" in Festival OTI. In 1992. She has also been awarded with the prizes "Aplauso 92" in Miami, and ACE Award 1994, in New York. In addition to her work with Camilo, she appeared with Cuban Jazz pianist Gonzalo Rubalcaba in the album "Antiguo" for Blue Note Records.
She currently lives in Santo Domingo and has one daughter, Camila.

</doc>
<doc id="18745845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745845" title="Kaliningrad Nuclear Power Plant">
Kaliningrad Nuclear Power Plant

The Kaliningrad Nuclear Power Plant (also referred as Baltic Nuclear Power Plant (NPP) or Baltiiskaya NPP, ) is a nuclear power plant under construction south-east of Neman, in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia. It is seen as a counter-project to the plan to build the Visaginas nuclear power plant in Lithuania and is considered not only as an energy, but also as a geopolitical project. In June 2013 the construction was temporary stopped for re-designing the project.
Motivation.
The nuclear power plant is foreseen to secure power supply for the Kaliningrad Oblast and to replace natural gas-based power generation. It has been mentioned that the Kaliningrad Oblast needs the project "because for the time being it imports energy from NATO countries." The excess electricity was planned to be exported into the EU market. According to Sergey Boyarkin, deputy general director of Rosenergoatom, the first reactor would be sufficient for Kaliningrad Oblast's needs, while electricity produced by the second reactor would be exported when not filling gaps in generation caused by refuelling and downtime. Lithuania, Poland and Germany were named as potential export markets.
Sergey Boyarkin has said that the shutdown of Ignalina Nuclear Power Plant combined with Polish plans to scrap coal-fired generation in compliance with environmental regulation means that the Baltic region faces an energy crisis by 2015. He also has said that Kaliningrad Oblast will be isolated from electricity supplies from Russia if the Baltic states de-synchronize themselves from the Russian electricity grid and join the synchronous grid of Continental Europe (ENTSO-E grid). He also mentioned technical complications and unreliability in electricity transfer from Smolensk Nuclear Power Plant, the main supplier of Kaliningrad Oblast, via Belarus and Lithuania.
On the other hand, the project has been seen as a counter-project to the Visaginas nuclear power plant project in Lithuania. Russia invited Lithuania to participate in the project, instead of building the nuclear power plant in Lithuania.
History.
A framework construction agreement was signed between the head of Rosatom Sergei Kiriyenko and Governor of Kaliningrad Oblast Georgy Boos on 16 April 2008. Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin signed the order for construction of the 2,300 MW plant in September 2009. Ground preparation works started on 25 February 2010. The first concrete was scheduled to be laid in April 2011, but was delayed until February 2012.
On 4 June 2013, an order of Atomenergoproject, dated 30 May 2013 and published on 4 June 2013, ordered a series of staffing and budgeting overhauls "in connection with the mothballing of the Baltic NPP and NIAEP budget adjustments for 2013." It was later said that the project will be temporary stopped to reconsider the project's design in case there will be no export to the European Union. On 4 July 2013, Sergey Kiriyenko, head of Rosatom, announced that both units will be built like previously planned, with two VVER-1200 and no smaller reactor.
Technical features.
The original design had foreseen two VVER-1200/491 pressurized water reactors in an AES-2006 standard design configuration. The reactors have a capacity of 1150 MWe each and would be supplied by Atomstroyexport.
The first reactor was planned to be operational by 2017 and the second reactor by 2018. Cost was expected to be around €6.8 billion (US$8.8 billion) Two further reactors could be added in the future depending on economic development in Kaliningrad and in the Baltic region in general.
The redesigned plan may consist of two reactors by capacity of 640 MW (VVER-640) and 40 MW (KLT-40S). An alternative foresees up to eight reactors by capacity of 40 MW each.
Project development.
The project is developed by Rosatom's subsidiary Inter RAO UES. According to Rosatom, 49% of shares in the project will be offered to European companies. This would be the first Russian nuclear power plant with foreign participation. Potential investors named in this context are ČEZ, Enel, and Iberdrola. However, as of June 2013, no foreign partner has joined the project.

</doc>
<doc id="18745852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745852" title="Ziba">
Ziba

Ziba may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18745858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745858" title="James Pyke Thompson">
James Pyke Thompson

James Pyke Thompson (1846-1897) was an English corn merchant who is best known for his philanthropic work towards the people of Cardiff and Penarth in South Wales. Born into a wealthy family in Bridgwater, Somerset, Thompson joined his father as director of Spiller & Co., Cardiff, one of the largest milling companies in Britain.
Thompson was a professional art collector and was a particular admirer of British water colours. To allow the public to view his collection, he built the Turner House gallery, named after artist Joseph Turner, in Penarth in 1887. It opened to the public in 1888. He also gave thousands of pounds to both Cardiff's Municipal Museum and National Museum. The Thompson family carried on his philanthropic work after his death and the Turner House gallery was donated to the National Museum in 1921. In 1924 the land surrounding the family house in Canton, Cardiff was also presented to the city; it was renamed Thompson's Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18745878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745878" title="The Adventures of Fra Diavolo">
The Adventures of Fra Diavolo

The Adventures of Fra Diavolo () is a 1942 Italian adventure film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Enzo Fiermonte.

</doc>
<doc id="18745912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745912" title="Martín Vitali">
Martín Vitali

Martín Ariel Vitali (born 11 November 1975 in Moreno) is an Argentine football defender currently playing for APOP Kinyras Peyias in the Cypriot Marfin Laiki League.
Career.
Martín Vitali debuted professionally with Ferro Carril Oeste in a game against San Lorenzo in 1996. After descending with Ferro Carril Oeste, Vitali went through Independiente in season 2000-01 and, for the upcoming season, he joined Racing Club. With the Academy won the Torneo Apertura 2001 thus cutting off a streak of 35 years without national titles for the club. Vitali also played in Spain, defending the colors of the CD Leganés and Getafe CF between 2003 and 2005 until he returned to Racing for the Torneo Clausura 2005. After a long injury, returned to the first of Racing Club on April 29, 2007 in a game of the reserves, against Boca Juniors.

</doc>
<doc id="18745946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745946" title="Xu Jie">
Xu Jie

Xu Jie (, born January 21, 1982 in Tianjin) is a Chinese-Polish female table tennis player, member of the Polish national team for the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing. She has lived in Poland since 1999 and became a naturalised citizen in 2003. Between 1999 and 2005, she represented the team of AZS Częstochowa, later moving to GLKS Wanzl Scania Nadarzyn, located in the suburbs of Warsaw.
Xu Jie was ranked in 73rd place in world rank of the International Table Tennis Federation in 2010. She is a five times individual champion of Poland (2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008, 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="18745958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745958" title="Friis formula">
Friis formula

There are two formulas or equations named after Danish-American radio engineer Harald T. Friis

</doc>
<doc id="18745963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745963" title="Fra Diavolo (disambiguation)">
Fra Diavolo (disambiguation)

Fra Diavolo can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18745973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745973" title="Gare de Lille">
Gare de Lille

Gare de Lille may refer to one of several railway stations in the French city of Lille:

</doc>
<doc id="18745980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745980" title="Earl Falconer">
Earl Falconer

Earl Falconer (born 23 January 1957, Birmingham, England) is a British bass player and singer, currently working with the British reggae band, UB40. Falconer also co-founded the bass music label Circus Records alongside Flux Pavilion, Doctor P and DJ Swan-E.
Early life & Career.
Falconer attended St. Benedict's junior school and Mosely Road School Of Art. He was an unemployed plasterer at the time of UB40's formation.
In 1988 he was imprisoned for six months as a result of a car accident that killed his brother Pablo Falconer, who was also the band’s producer.

</doc>
<doc id="18745981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745981" title="Kisanji">
Kisanji

Kisanji is the name given to the lamellaphone of the Ngala in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is also known as sanza and is played by holding the instrument in both hands and plucking the keys with the thumbs. The pitch of each metal key is determined by the width of the key. Most often the placement of the keys is symmetrical, with the lowest keys in the middle and the higher keys on each end of the instrument. The most common tuning is the pentatonic scale without semitones, for example "do re mi sol la", which varies by region. The music played on the sanza is polyrhythmic with overlapping rhythms. The instrument is often used to accompany the voice, to great effect. The keys are attached to a sounding board by metal strips or wires and placed over a gourd or clay resonator of varying sizes. The number of keys varies by region, as well. Within each region the instrument can take on a variety of shapes. The sanza in the accompanying photo has a resonator made from a turtle shell that has been attached to the sounding board with natural fibers.

</doc>
<doc id="18745998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18745998" title="Kayla Barclay">
Kayla Barclay

Kayla Barclay Hall (born c. 1989) of Manti, Utah was crowned Miss Utah in 2008 and competed in the Miss America 2009 pageant. Prior to being crowned Miss Utah, she was Miss Sanpete County 2007 and first attendant to Miss Manti 2006. She attended High School at Manti High School where she graduated with the class of 2007 and participated in the school's Drill (Dance) Team. She attended college at Snow College located in Ephraim, Utah, Brigham Young University and Graduated 2011 in Public Relations from Utah State University where she received her Bachelors Degree. She is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, she was married to Tyson Hall in 2010 in the Manti Temple and they are expecting their first baby boy.
As Miss Utah her platform was Internet Safety for Children. At the Miss America Pageant she received a Non-Finalist Talent Award for her piano performance. She also appeared on the in TLC reality show Count Down to the Crown which led up to the Miss America Pageant.

</doc>
<doc id="18746013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746013" title="Orosco Anonam">
Orosco Anonam

Orosco Anonam (born 15 June 1979 in Nigeria) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Football League side Tarxien Rainbows, where he plays as a defender, and occasionally as a midfielder and a striker.
Playing career.
Naxxar Lions.
Orosco Anonam was born in Nigeria, but moved to Malta at an early age and began his playing career with Naxxar Lions of the Maltese Premier League. His first season with the club was the 1998–99 season. He found himself a regular in the team and 21 appearances, and scored seven goals in his debut season, as Naxxar Lions recorded a 6th place finish in the Maltese Premier League.
Anonam continued to impress at Naxxar Lions, and went into the 1999–00 season hoping to help the club maintain a respectable league position. He helped Naxxar Lions finish in 7th position in the Maltese Premier League that season, making 19 appearances, and scoring a very impressive 13 goals.
Sliema Wanderers.
Following a string on impressive performances for Naxxar Lions, Orosco left the club and joined fellow Maltese Premier League outfit Sliema Wanderers for the 2000–01 season. In his first season with Sliema Wanderers, Anonam made 26 appearances and scored 22 goals, helping his new club to a place finish in the Maltese Premier League.
For the 2001–02 season, Orosco was loaned out to Hungarian outfit Vasas SC. The stint was only a brief one, with Anonam making just two appearances, but failed to score. He returned to Sliema Wanderers for the remainder of the 2000–01 season, he went onto make 24 appearances and scored seven goals, helping Sliema Wanderers to a 2nd place finish in the Maltese Premier League.
Anonam went into the 2002–03 season, making another loan move overseas, this time joining Cypriot side APOEL, the stint lasted longer than the previous one. Orosco again returned to Sliema Wanderers for the remainder of the 2002–03 season, he went onto make 15 appearances and scored six goals, helping Sliema Wanderers to a 3rd place finish in the Maltese Premier League.
Orosco went into the 2003–04 season hoping to win some silverware with Sliema Wanderers, Anonam achieved this as the club recorded a 1st place finish in the Maltese Premier League. Over the course of the season Orosco made 24 appearances and scored six goals.
For the 2004–05 season, Orosco and Sliema Wanderers continued to emulate the successes of previous season. Anonam made 21 appearances and scored four goals, as Sliema Wanderers completed the domestic double, finishing in 1st position in the Maltese Premier League and winning the U*Bet FA Trophy.
Anonam and Sliema Wanderers went into the 2005–06 looking to add to their previous successes, however Anonam did not have a great deal of impact on the season as the club failed to retain the Maltese Premier League title, which Birkirkara went onto to win by two points, with Sliema Wanderers recording a 2nd place finish, Orosco made 11 appearances, but failed to score during the season.
Orosco went onto the 2006–07 hoping to win more trophies, however Sliema Wanderers recorded another 2nd place finish, but were beaten comprehensively by Marsaxlokk, who won the title by 11 points. Anonam made 19 appearances and scored two goals.
The 2007–08 season turned out to be Orosco’s last season with Sliema Wanderers. The club had a disappointing season by their own high standards, finishing in 4th position in the Maltese Premier League. Orosco notched up 23 appearances and scored three goals, throughout the season.
Floriana.
Orosco Anonam joined Maltese Premier League rivals Floriana from Sliema Wanderers just before the start of the 2008–09 season. Floriana hoped that signing Anonam would boost the club's attacking line up, although he primarily took up a role of playing just the front man. Orosco added experience and talent to a relatively young side and showed great versatility that would pay dividends to him and the team throughout season. In his debut season with Floriana, Orosco made 25 appearances and scored 7 goals, as Floriana recorded a place finish in the Maltese Premier League.
The 2009–10 season began with the appointment of Irish manager Roddy Collins as the new manager of Floriana. He found himself using Orosco as a central defender, mainly due to injuries and a shortage in experienced players to play the position.
Anonam’s excellent versatility continued to show. On the opening day of the season, Orosco scored a fantastic goal, when he hit a cracking drive from the edge of the box against Qormi, capping off an impressive first competitive outing in defence.
In October 2009, assistant manager Tony Alamango left the club. Orosco was appointed as the club's new assistant manager, as well as still continuing in a playing capacity. Manager, Roddy Collins left the club in January 2010, with Anonam been given the role of the club's caretaker manager, until Serbian Zoran Popovic was re-appointed as the club's manager. Orosco returned to his role of player-assistant manager.
The 2009–10 season proved to be another difficult one for Floriana, with the club slipping into the relegation pool, but Orosco helped the club finish safely in 7th position. Over the season, Anonam played 21 games and scored two goals.
Tarxien Rainbows.
On 24 July 2010, Orosco Anonam left Floriana and joined fellow Maltese Premier League team Tarxien Rainbows, signing a two-year deal with the club.
Honours.
Sliema Wanderers.
Winner

</doc>
