<doc id="18799912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799912" title="Get Me Home (song)">
Get Me Home (song)

"Get Me Home" is the first single from Foxy Brown's debut album Ill Na Na. The song peaked at number 42 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 charts and number 10 on the U.S. Billboard R&B charts.
The song features R&B male group Blackstreet. The music video for the song directed by Hype Williams was in heavy rotation on television music video channels. The song was produced by production duo Trackmasters and written by rap artist Jay-Z. Also, the song was sampled from Eugene Wilde's 1984 single, "Gotta Get You Home Tonight".

</doc>
<doc id="18799925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799925" title="Konstantin Glazachev">
Konstantin Glazachev

Konstantin Glazachev (born February 18, 1985) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward. he currently plays for Metallurg Magnitogorsk in the Kontinental Hockey League. 
Glazachev moved to Yaroslavl at a young age and is a product of the HC Lokomotiv hockey system. The young player was also consistently a member of Russia’s both U18 and U20 national squads. The young player was drafted by the Nashville Predators early in the second round with the 35th overall selection of the 2003 NHL Entry Draft. Since the draft he has consistently skated in the Russian Super League, but has struggled to build on the success he enjoyed earlier in his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18799928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799928" title="Ougarou">
Ougarou

Ougarou is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,634.

</doc>
<doc id="18799937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799937" title="Paparcé">
Paparcé

Paparcé is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 791.

</doc>
<doc id="18799942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799942" title="I'll Be (Foxy Brown song)">
I'll Be (Foxy Brown song)

"I'll Be" was the second single released from Foxy Brown's debut album, "Ill Na Na", produced by the Trackmasters and featuring Jay-Z.
Released on March 4, 1997, "I'll Be" quickly became a huge hit, peaking at 7 on the Billboard Hot 100, at the time becoming both Foxy Brown and Jay-Z's highest charting single. Two months after its release on May 2, "I'll Be" was certified gold by the RIAA for sales of over 500,000 copies. To date it remains Foxy Brown's only solo top 40 single and her only to earn a certification.
The song sampled René & Angela's 1985 hit "I'll Be Good". The official Trackmasters remix also sampled Queen's 1980 hit "Another One Bites The Dust". In the UK, the D&A remix which was played by Radio 1 during its daytime shows sampled Blondie's 1981 hit "Rapture".
In 2008, The song was ranked number 52 on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of Hip Hop.

</doc>
<doc id="18799948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799948" title="The Highland">
The Highland

The Highland is a historic multiunit residence at 66 Highland Street in Somerville, Massachusetts. The three story brick building was built in 1892 to a design by architect Samuel D. Kelley. It is one of the city's more elegant late 19th-century apartment houses. It is Richardsonian Romanesque in style, with brownstone trim, and a conical roof on its corner turret.
The building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18799964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799964" title="Thomas R. Harris">
Thomas R. Harris

Thomas Rees Harris (March 24, 1836 – 1894) was a political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Kings County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1882 to 1886 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Aylesford, Nova Scotia, the son of Elisha D. Harris and Elizabeth Ann Rees. In 1864, he married Annie J. Fanscarth. Harris was a captain in the militia, a school commissioner and served on the county council. He was named postmaster for Aylesford in 1864, later resigning when he ran for a seat in the assembly. Harris was also a prominent Freemason.

</doc>
<doc id="18799965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799965" title="Papayenga (Diambanga)">
Papayenga (Diambanga)

Papayenga (Diambanga) is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 848.

</doc>
<doc id="18799970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799970" title="Pantanloana">
Pantanloana

Pantanloana is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 820.

</doc>
<doc id="18799972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799972" title="The Rosebud (diner)">
The Rosebud (diner)

The Rosebud is a historic diner at 381 Summer Street in Somerville, Massachusetts near Davis Square.
The diner was built in 1941 by Worcester Lunch Car Company for the Nichols family. The diner was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
In 2013, after 40 years of the family's ownership, Evangelos Nichols sold the Rosebud to Martin Bloom. Bloom, the founder of a chain of Italian restaurants called Vinny Testa’s and owner of the Mission Oak Grill, promised to leave the exterior untouched.

</doc>
<doc id="18799975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799975" title="Piaga">
Piaga

Piaga is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,055.

</doc>
<doc id="18799982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799982" title="Once Around">
Once Around

Once Around is a 1991 romantic comedy-drama film about a young woman who falls for and eventually marries an overbearing older man who proceeds to rub her close-knit family the wrong way, while exposing the dynamics of other family members along the way. It stars Richard Dreyfuss, Holly Hunter, Danny Aiello, Laura San Giacomo and Gena Rowlands and was directed by Lasse Hallström.
Plot.
The Bellas are a close-knit family of Italian-Americans living in Boston, Massachusetts. Joe, the head of the family, owns a construction company. He's been married to Marilyn for 34 years and they have 3 children -- Tony, Renata and Jan. Jan is about to get married, leading Renata to wonder why boyfriend Rob has not yet proposed to her. Once Rob reveals that he never plans on marrying her, she leaves him and moves back in with her parents.
Renata travels to the Caribbean, where she takes a course on selling condominiums. She meets Sam Sharpe, a highly successful salesman who makes a speech at a training seminar. They become instantly attracted and Sam accompanies her back to Boston, where Renata introduces him to her family. A chain-smoking, abrasive Sam is overly eager to please. While the majority of the Bellas give Sam a chance, Jan seems to have a particular dislike of him. This upsets Renata and the siblings' rapport becomes strained. Jan eventually apologizes and gives Renata her blessing.
Sam and Renata get married, with Sam relocating his business from New York to Boston so he can spend as much time with Renata as possible. At a memorial for Joe's late mother, Sam attempts to sing a song in her honor, but the Bellas, especially Marilyn, tell him it is highly inappropriate. Renata tells Sam he's tearing her family apart. They reconcile, and the next day Renata gives birth to their child. At the baptism, Sam suffers a heart attack and is rushed to the hospital.
Now in a wheelchair, Sam is welcomed home to the Bella residence to celebrate Christmas as a family. During dinner, he lights up a cigarette, which an irritated Renata throws into a glass of wine. On a frozen lake, Renata goes skating while Sam and their daughter watch from a distance. Sam passes away while still holding his child. After the funeral, Renata mourns but is grateful for the time they spent together and for Sam changing her life for the better. Renata's father directs the funeral procession through several rotations on a traffic round-about, something Sam greatly enjoyed during his life.
Reception.
The movie had a mixed reception.

</doc>
<doc id="18799985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799985" title="Thomas Cook House (Somerville, Massachusetts)">
Thomas Cook House (Somerville, Massachusetts)

The Thomas Cook House is a historic house at 21 College Hill Road in Somerville, Massachusetts. Built c. 1850, it is the only surviving Greek Revival farmhouse on the west side of the city. The 2.5 story wood frame building has its gables enclosed with pediment, and it has wide corner pilasters. Its owner, Thomas Cook, owned a modest farm, which lasted well into the 1860s; it was subdivided and housing built on it between 1884 and c. 1910. The building originally fronted on North Street, but was moved to its present location when the area was subdivided.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18799989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799989" title="Adam Rosales">
Adam Rosales

Adam Marcos Rosales (born May 20, 1983) is an American Major League Baseball infielder for the Texas Rangers. Rosales most often plays second base and shortstop, but can play all four of the infield positions and has also seen action in left field.
Early and personal life.
Rosales, who is of Mexican American descent, attended Maine South High School in Park Ridge, Illinois and Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo, Michigan.
As a young player in amateur baseball, Rosales was a member of a 13 travel baseball team called The Diamonds. The Diamond's team, coached by Pete Podgorski won several tournaments including the 13-year-old division Championship tournament game at Thillens Stadi.
Adam attended Maine South High School in Park Ridge, Illinois. He is on the all-state wall at the school.
Professional career.
Cincinnati Reds.
He made his major league debut as a pinch hitter for the Cincinnati Reds on August 9, 2008. Rosales was recalled from Louisville on August 20 following the injury of Jerry Hairston, Jr.
Rosales began the 2009 season with the Triple-A Louisville Bats after failing to earn a spot on the Reds' roster. He was called up on April 28 following the placement of Edwin Encarnacion on the 15-day disabled list. 
Oakland Athletics.
On February 1, 2010, Rosales was traded along with Willy Taveras to the Oakland Athletics for Aaron Miles and a player to be named later. In his first three years with the A's, Rosales batted .234 with a .292 on-base percentage in 415 at-bats, 11 home runs, 47 RBIs, and two stolen bases in four attempts.
On November 30, 2012, Rosales avoided arbitration by signing a one-year, $700,000 deal with the A's. He began 2013 on the disabled list, and was activated on April 25, replacing Andy Parrino. On May 8, 2013, Rosales hit what appeared to be a game tying home run, but was ruled a double despite the ball hitting a railing in left field and bouncing back onto the field. Umpire Ángel Hernández reviewed the play and upheld the original ruling as a double. Following the controversial call, manager Bob Melvin was ejected for arguing and the A's lost to the Cleveland Indians 4–3. Rosales got a lot of starting time at shortstop with Jed Lowrie playing second base against left-handed pitchers. However, after a long run of facing right-handed starters and the emergence of Grant Green, Rosales was designated for assignment on July 8. After Green struggled in his first stint in the majors, Rosales was called up to replace him on July 25. When the Athletics acquired Alberto Callaspo on July 31, coincidentally for Green, Rosales was designated for assignment, starting his 11 day journey. 
Designated for assignment three times in 11 days.
Rosales was designated for assignment on July 31, and on August 2, Rosales was claimed off waivers by the Texas Rangers. Rosales did not appear in any games for the Rangers prior to being designated for assignment on August 5 to make room for Joey Butler. On August 8, Rosales was claimed by the Athletics. He played in one game with Oakland before they once again designated him for assignment on August 10, and once again he was claimed by the Texas Rangers on August 12. In 51 games for Oakland in 2013, Rosales hit .191/.267/.316 with 4 HR and 8 RBI.
Texas Rangers.
Rosales started twice for the Rangers in 2013, but was mostly used off the bench in his 17 games. In 68 games in 2013, Rosales hit .190/.259/.327 with 5 HR and 12 RBI.
On November 14, Rosales signed a one-year, $750,000 deal to avoid arbitration with the Rangers for 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18799993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799993" title="Pissi, Gnagna">
Pissi, Gnagna

Pissi is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 417.

</doc>
<doc id="18800003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800003" title="Magnus (wrestler)">
Magnus (wrestler)

Nick Aldis (born 6 November 1986) is an English professional wrestler. He is working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name Magnus, where he is the first English TNA World Heavyweight Champion, in his first reign. Aldis also appeared on the United Kingdom revival of "Gladiators", where he was known by the name Oblivion. Aldis, working under his real name, is also a co-presenter of "Britain's Strongest Man" on Challenge TV in the United Kingdom.
Professional wrestling career.
After becoming proficient in swimming and tennis, Aldis began bodybuilding, which ultimately led to his training to be a professional wrestler. After beginning his training at the age of 16, he made his professional debut in 2005 where he competed against Doug Williams in a highly contested two out of three falls match, which Aldis lost two falls to one. Early title matches included a DAM Promotions event where he teamed up with Bash to take on the DAM Tag Team Champions Big Dave and The Bulk for the titles and he also went up against Ashe for the LDN Championship at Summit Wrestling, he would lose both matches. In 2007 he would face the WAW British Heavyweight Champion Brett Meadows for the title and lost. His last match before joining Total Nonstop Action Wrestling was a win against Marty Scurll. During his time in England he wrestled primarily at Joint Promotions, All Star Wrestling and World Association of Wrestling.
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Modern-day Gladiator (2008–2009).
In November 2008, Aldis signed with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. On the 11 December 2008 episode of "Impact!", TNA started airing vignettes of Aldis' debut under the name Brutus Magnus, a modern-day gladiator.
Aldis competed under his Brutus Magnus name and gimmick at the TNA Maximum Impact! Tour in Glasgow, Scotland on 22 January 2009, where he defeated Matt Morgan. Two days later on the last night of the tour, Magnus defeated Sheik Abdul Bashir in London at the Wembley Arena. On the 29 January episode of "Impact!", another vignette of Magnus was played and it stated that Magnus' debut would occur next week. He debuted on the 5 February episode of "Impact!" as a villainous character, defeating Shark Boy with his finishing move, the Tormentum. After the match, he issued an open challenge to anyone on the TNA roster. Chris Sabin answered the open challenge at Against All Odds, which Magnus also won. This continued with another victory against Eric Young at Destination X.
British Invasion and London Brawling (2009–2011).
On the 30 April 2009 episode of "Impact!" Magnus dropped the gladiator character and formed a villainous group called The British Invasion with fellow British wrestlers Douglas Williams and Rob Terry. In their debut match as a team, Williams and Magnus defeated Homicide in a two-on-one handicap match after assaulting his tag team partner Hernandez backstage prior to the match, and stealing his Feast or Fired briefcase. The Invasion has since formed an alliance called World Elite with Eric Young, Sheik Abdul Bashir and Kiyoshi and engaged in a feud with Team 3D over the IWGP Tag Team Championship. On the 30 July episode of "Impact!", Magnus and Williams won the IWGP Tag Team Championship by defeating Team 3D in a Tables match. However, New Japan Pro Wrestling later stated that as the title change did not occur with the sanction of the promotion, they still recognized Team 3D as the official champions. On 10 August 2009, NJPW formally recognized the title switch. At Bound for Glory the British Invasion lost the IWGP Tag Team Titles back to Team 3D, but managed to win the TNA World Tag Team Championship in a four way Full Metal Mayhem Tag Team match against Booker T and Scott Steiner, Team 3D and Beer Money, Inc. (James Storm and Robert Roode). The following month at Turning Point Magnus and Williams successfully defended the title in a three-way match against Beer Money and The Motor City Machine Guns (Alex Shelley and Chris Sabin). At Final Resolution they were once again able to retain their title in a match against Shelley and Sabin. At Genesis the British Invasion lost the TNA World Tag Team Titles to Matt Morgan and Hernandez. Afterwards, Magnus and Williams began abusing Terry and blaming him for their losses. On the 18 February 2010 episode of "Impact!" Terry finally grew tired of this and attacked Magnus, thus ending his alliance with the British Invasion and completing his face turn. At Destination X 2010, Brutus Magnus announced that from now on he would be known only by the name Magnus. He then went on to lose to his former mate and wrestling partner Rob Terry in a match for the Global Championship.
After not being seen for over three months, Magnus returned on 14 June at the tapings of "Xplosion", defeating Suicide and afterward challenging Rob Terry to a rematch for the Global Championship. The rematch took place at the 29 June tapings of "Xplosion", with Terry retaining his Global Championship. On 3 July 2010, Dixie Carter announced that Aldis had signed a new long–term contract with TNA. On the 14 July 2010 edition of "TNA Today", Aldis debuted a new ladies' man gimmick. He then went on to form a tag team with Desmond Wolfe, with the two of them defeating Amazing Red and Suicide in their first match together at the 13 July tapings of "Xplosion". At the 26 and 27 July tapings of "Xplosion" Magnus and Wolfe defeated the teams of Hernandez and Rob Terry and Ink Inc. (Jesse Neal and Shannon Moore) in a four tag team tournament to earn the right to challenge for the TNA World Tag Team Championship. On the 26 August episode of "Impact!" the tag team of Magnus and Wolfe was named London Brawling. They were scheduled to receive their shot at The Motor City Machine Guns and the TNA World Tag Team Championship at No Surrender, but were at the last minute pulled from the event, with TNA citing a "personal issue" as the reason. It was later reported that Wolfe had been sidelined due to an undisclosed medical situation. Magnus returned to working live events on 30 September.
On 16 December Magnus made his first appearance on "Impact!" in three months, when he met his former tag team partner Douglas Williams and informed him that Wolfe was close to a comeback. On the 30 December episode of "Impact!" Magnus offered to team up with Williams in a tag team match, where they were defeated by Fortune members A.J. Styles and Rob Terry. Magnus reappeared as a heel on the 24 February 2011 episode of "Impact!", in a match, where he was defeated by Crimson. On the 31 March episode of "Impact!", Magnus and Douglas Williams officially reformed the British Invasion once again as a heel group by attacking the team of Eric Young and Orlando Jordan. In their first match back together, Magnus and Williams were defeated by Ink Inc. on 12 April, on "Xplosion". On 17 April at Lockdown, Magnus and Williams were defeated again by Ink Inc. in a four tag team number one contenders' steel cage match. Despite not having won a match since their reformation, the British Invasion received a TNA World Tag Team Championship match at Slammiversary IX, which they lost to James Storm and Alex Shelley. On 30 June, Magnus and Williams turned face by responding to Mexican America's bad remarks by praising the United States. They were then attacked until Rob Terry returned to save them, effectively adding him back to the group. On the 14 July episode of "Impact Wrestling", Mexican America's Anarquia and Hernandez defeated Magnus and Williams in a TNA World Tag Team Championship number one contender's match, following outside interference from their stablemate Rosita. At the 9 August tapings of "Xplosion", Magnus defeated Alex Shelley in the finals of a sixteen man Xplosion Championship Challenge tournament to earn the right to challenge for the title of his choosing.
In December Magnus took part in TNA's India project, Ring Ka King, defeating Matt Morgan to become the Heavyweight Champion.
Various alliances (2011–2013).
At the end of 2011, Magnus began teaming up with Samoa Joe to take part in the Wild Card Tournament. On the 5 January 2012 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Magnus and Samoa Joe defeated A.J. Styles and Kazarian to win the four week long Wild Card Tournament and become the number one contenders to the TNA World Tag Team Championship. Three days later at Genesis, Magnus and Joe failed to capture the TNA World Tag Team Championship from Crimson and Matt Morgan. Despite the loss, Magnus and Joe remained together as a tag team, attacking Crimson and Morgan on the next two episodes of "Impact Wrestling". On 2 February, Magnus and Joe defeated Crimson and Morgan in a non-title match to earn another shot at the TNA World Tag Team Championship, and at Against All Odds, Magnus and Joe defeated Crimson and Morgan to win the TNA World Tag Team Championship. Magnus and Joe then defeated Crimson and Morgan in two rematches in February and March and Mexican America (Anarquia and Hernandez) in March to retain the championship. On 15 April at Lockdown, Magnus and Joe defeated The Motor City Machine Guns in a steel cage match to retain the TNA World Tag Team Championship. During the first "Open Fight Night" on 26 April, Magnus and Joe successfully defended the TNA World Tag Team Championship against the team of Jeff Hardy and Mr. Anderson, after which they were attacked by Christopher Daniels and Kazarian, who had asked for a title shot earlier in the event. On 13 May at Sacrifice, Magnus and Joe lost the TNA World Tag Team Championship to Daniels and Kazarian.
On the 14 June episode of "Impact Wrestling", Magnus entered the 2012 Bound for Glory Series, taking part in the opening gauntlet match, from which he was eliminated by Samoa Joe. Magnus' participation in the tournament ended on the 16 August episode of "Impact Wrestling", when he was defeated by Joe in a singles match, leaving him outside a spot in the semifinals. On 14 October at Bound for Glory, Magnus unsuccessfully challenged Joe for his TNA Television Championship. On the 1 November episode of "Impact Wrestling", Magnus challenged Joe to a rematch as part of the Open Fight Night, however, he lost the match via disqualification, after hitting Joe with a wrench. The rivalry culminated in a No Disqualification match on 11 November at Turning Point, where Magnus was again unsuccessful in winning the title. On the following episode of "Impact Wrestling", Magnus was sidelined with a storyline injury after he was ambushed by the Aces & Eights and hit in both his knees with a ball-peen hammer.
New Main Event Mafia (2013).
Magnus returned as a face on the 31 January 2013 episode of "Impact Wrestling" in Manchester, England, interrupting and attacking Bad Influence (Christopher Daniels and Kazarian) who were insulting the country. Afterwards, Magnus wrestled his return match, defeating TNA Television Champion Devon in a non-title match via disqualification after interference from the Aces & Eights. At Lockdown in March, Team TNA, consisting of Magnus, Eric Young, James Storm, Samoa Joe, and Sting defeated Aces & Eights, consisting of Devon, DOC, Garett Bischoff, Knux, and Mr. Anderson in a Lethal Lockdown match. On the 21 March episode of "Impact Wrestling", Magnus was defeated by Jeff Hardy in a four-way number one contenders match for the World Heavyweight Championship, which also included Kurt Angle and Samoa Joe. On the 18 April episode of "Impact Wrestling", Magnus was scheduled to face Devon for his Television Championship, however, was attacked by DOC and Knux before the match could start. Magnus returned on the 9 May episode of "Impact Wrestling", defeating DOC after an inadvertent distraction from D'Lo Brown. Later that night, Magnus was again attacked by the Aces & Eights. At Slammiversary XI, Magnus teamed with Jeff Hardy and Samoa Joe in a winning effort against Aces & Eights (Garett Bischoff, Mr. Anderson, and Wes Brisco).
On the 13 June episode of "Impact Wrestling", Magnus defeated Kenny King, Matt Morgan, and Rob Terry in a four-way match to qualify for the 2013 Bound for Glory Series. The following week, Magnus defeated Kazarian in his first Bound for Glory Series match via submission to earn ten points and take an early lead in the tournament. On the 4 July episode of "Impact Wrestling", Magnus was named the fourth member of the newly reformed Main Event Mafia along with Kurt Angle, Sting, and former tag team partner and rival Samoa Joe. On the 12 September episode of "Impact Wrestling", Magnus defeated Roode in a Bound For Glory Series Final Four match to advance before ultimately losing to A.J. Styles in the finals. After the Bound for Glory Series, Magnus began a feud with E.G.O, who assaulted him during the finals, and first challenged them to a six-man tag team match against himself, Sting and Samoa Joe, prior to the match E.G.O incapacitated Magnus and injured his knee, but Sting and Joe emerged victorious. In the aftermath, Magnus announced he was going to take on all three members of E.G.O himself in a gauntlet match. During the gauntlet, Magnus defeated Kazarian and Christopher Daniels, but was defeated by Bobby Roode, who took advantage of his injured knee and made him submit. After the match Magnus began venting his frustrations around the ring before Sting came out to calm him down, which culminated in Sting offering Magnus a match against him at Bound for Glory, which Magnus accepted. Magnus defeated Sting at Bound for Glory after Sting tapped out to the King's Lynn Cloverleaf.
TNA World Heavyweight Champion (2013–present).
On the 21 November 2013 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Magnus was entered into a tournament to crown a new TNA World Heavyweight Champion after the title was vacated. He defeated Samoa Joe in a Falls Count Anywhere match at Turning Point and Kurt Angle on "Impact Wrestling" to advance to the finals. On 3 December he defeated Jeff Hardy in a Dixieland match to become the new TNA World Heavyweight Champion; the match aired on 19 December, on "Impact Wrestling: Final Resolution". In the process, he joined Team Dixie, allying himself with Dixie Carter, Rockstar Spud, and Ethan Carter III. On the 9 January 2014 episode of "Impact Wrestling", taped on 5 December the previous year, Magnus defeated A.J. Styles in a no disqualification title unification match, after Styles had returned to TNA with his own TNA World Heavyweight Championship; Styles left TNA after the match. The next week, Magnus defeated Sting in a no disqualification title match to end Sting's TNA career. On March 2, Magnus successfully defended the TNA World Heavyweight Championship in Tokyo, Japan, defeating Kai at Wrestle-1's event.
Pro Wrestling Noah (2012).
On 22 July 2012, Magnus made his debut for the Japanese Pro Wrestling Noah promotion, when he and Samoa Joe defeated Akitoshi Saito and Jun Akiyama to win the GHC Tag Team Championship. On 8 October, Magnus and Joe lost the title to KENTA and Maybach Taniguchi in their first defense.

</doc>
<doc id="18800011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800011" title="Craig Minetto">
Craig Minetto

Craig Stephen Minetto (born April 25, 1954) is a former professional baseball pitcher. Minetto pitched in parts of four seasons in Major League Baseball from 1978 until 1981 for the Oakland Athletics.
Originally drafted by the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1972, and again in the secondary phase in 1973, Minetto did not sign. Instead, he attended San Joaquin Delta College for two years. He was then signed as an amateur free agent by the Montreal Expos in 1974, but he pitched one season in their farm system before being released.
Unable to find a job in American baseball, Minetto signed with Fortitudo_Baseball_Bologna sponsored by Grappa del Cannonier, a professional team in Bologna, Italy. He pitched there for a season, and later returned to the United States, where he was signed to a minor league contract by the A's before the 1977 season. Minetto went on to pitch in 55 games for Oakland over four seasons, then was traded to the Baltimore Orioles' organization, pitching at Rochester in 1982-83. In December 1983, he was traded to Houston for Bobby Sprowl and concluded his career in relief at AAA Tucson during the 1984 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18800012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800012" title="Pognankanré">
Pognankanré

Pognankanré is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,814.

</doc>
<doc id="18800013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800013" title="Days of week on Hebrew calendar">
Days of week on Hebrew calendar

The modern Hebrew calendar has been designed to ensure that certain holy days and festivals do not fall on certain days of the week. As a result, there are only four possible patterns of days on which festivals can fall. (Note that Jewish days start at sunset of the preceding day indicated in this article.)
Reasons.
The modern Hebrew calendar has been arranged so that Yom Kippur does not fall on a Friday or Sunday, and Hoshana Rabbah does not fall on Shabbat. These rules have been instituted because Shabbat restrictions also apply to Yom Kippur, and if Yom Kippur were to fall on Friday, it would not be possible to make necessary preparations for Shabbat, including candle lighting, because the preceding day is Yom Kippur. Similarly, if Yom Kippur fell on a Sunday, it would not be possible to make the necessary preparations for Yom Kippur, including candle lighting, because the preceding day is Shabbat. Also, the laws of Shabbat override those of Hoshana Rabbah, so that if Hoshana Rabbah were to fall on Shabbat certain rituals that are a part of Hoshana Rabbah services (such as carrying willows, which is work) could not be performed in that year.
As a consequence, in the case of Yom Kippur, which falls on 10 Tishrei and cannot fall on a Friday or Sunday, the days in Cheshvan and/or Kislev are adjusted so that Rosh Hashanah, which falls on 1 Tishrei, does not fall on a Wednesday or Friday. And, in the case of Hoshana Rabbah, which falls on 21 Tishrei and cannot fall on a Saturday, Rosh Hashanah cannot be on a Sunday. This leaves only four days on which Rosh Hashanah is allowed to fall: Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday, which are also referred as the "four gates".
The four gates.
Since three arrangements cannot occur within the fixed calendar, most holidays can each occur on one of four possible days.
All the holy days and festivals fall in the months of Nisan through Tishrei, months one to seven. These months always have the same number of days, alternating 30 and 29. The next two months are Cheshvan and Kislev. Both or either of these months can have either 29 or 30 days, allowing for adjustments to be made and the schedule in the coming year to be manipulated. The months of Tevet and Shevat, months ten and eleven, have 29 and 30 days respectively. Finally, in a regular year the month of Adar has 29 days, while in a leap year Adar I of 30 days is added before the regular Adar, which becomes Adar II of 29 days. The result is that the period from 1 Tevet to 29 Cheshvan is fixed, except that in a leap year Adar one of 30 days is added; and all adjustments are made using 30 Cheshvan and/or 30 Kislev.
The period from 1 Adar (or Adar II, in leap years) to 29 Cheshvan contains all of the festivals specified in the Bible - Purim (14 Adar), Pesach (15 Nisan), Shavuot (6 Sivan), Rosh Hashanah (1 Tishrei), Yom Kippur (10 Tishrei), Sukkot (15 Tishrei), and Shemini Atzeret (22 Tishrei). This period is fixed, during which no adjustments are made.
The result is that all dates from 1 Nisan through 29 (or 30) Cheshvan can each fall on one of four days of the week. Dates during Kislev can fall on any of six days of the week; during Tevet and Shevat, five days; and dates during Adar (or Adar I and II, in leap years) can each fall on one of four days of the week.
With each gate, some unusual effects occur.

</doc>
<doc id="18800028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800028" title="Bill Myrick">
Bill Myrick

Billie E. Myrick, known as Bill Myrick (August 6, 1926 – March 12, 2011), is an American Country musician, originally from Simpson County in south central Mississippi but a long-time resident of Odessa in West Texas.
Family.
He was one of ten children of James Martin "Jim" Myrick and his wife, the former Allie Artimissa Parker, tenant farmers who moved their family to West Carroll Parish in northeastern Louisiana, where they purchased their own farm shortly before the Great Depression. He is the brother of Louisiana State Senator W. Spencer Myrick (1918–1991).
Life and career.
Spencer and Bill Myrick both at times worked for Governor Earl Kemp Long. Bill Myrick joined the United States Army directly out of high school at the start of World War II, and as a combat medic in the Pacific with tours of duty in Japan and the Philippines.
Myrick returned to Louisiana after the war. His first professional singing job came by chance. He sat waiting to begin a temporary job putting up a tent at a circus, and was spotted picking his guitar and singing. He was immediately hired to fill a vacancy that had just occurred in the band of Bluegrass musician Bill Monroe and the "Bluegrass Boys". After a few years of performing at the Grand Ole Opry and on the road in concert with Monroe, Myrick put together the first professional bluegrass group "Myrick and the Mayfield Brothers" with the ranching Mayfield brothers, Edd, Herb, and Smokey, from the Texas Panhandle area of Dimmitt in Castro County. "Myrick and the Mayfield Brothers" performed on the Louisiana Hayride in Shreveport, Louisiana and became regulars on the show. Edd Mayfield was also invited to perform with Bill Monroe and the Bluegrass Boys, precursors to the stylish, rancher look with starched and pressed blue jeans, crisp white shirts, cowboy hats, and cowboy boots, a look common in country music today but innovative in the 1950s.
Bill Myrick moved his wife, Laverne S. Myrick (born 1930), and toddler daughter Bellinda Myrick (born 1948) to Odessa, the county seat of Ector County, on the advice on Myrick's friend Hank Williams. Myrick became known in the Odessa area, where country, bluegrass, and rockabilly music had become popular.
Myrick had been hired to perform with the Williams band as a singer and guitar player as well as driving Williams' personal Cadillac. Myrick had asked for a week or two to spend with his wife and daughter because he had been on the road extensively with Bill Monroe. Williams agreed but before Myrick could join Williams, the latter died in his vehicle en route to his next performance.
Myrick was instrumental in the early successes of Roy Orbison, Buddy Holly, Patsy Cline, and Elvis Presley, whose recording career gained its first national momentum from Myrick's radio program, the "Pioneer Jamboree", Myrick arranged the only joint appearance of Holly and Presley. Sony/RCA researcher Ernst Jorgensen has gathered critical evidence of Myrick's part in Presley's success. Presley appeared throughout West Texas and the Panhandle, sometimes with Myrick and the Rainbow Riders as the opening act. At the Ector Theater in Odessa, Myrick and Presley watched Presley's film "Jailhouse Rock". Many Presley biographers, however, have reported that Presley never saw "Jailhouse Rock" because of grief over the death of co-star Judy Tyler and her husband in an automobile accident after the film had been completed.
Myrick appeared on West Texas radio stations KECK, KOSA, and KOYL where he worked with his friend Waylon Jennings, who had earlier been a member of Buddy Holly and the Crickets and had known Myrick since Presley performed in Lubbock. As country music then did not pay most musicians well, Myrick assumed other paying jobs periodically, having worked as a peace officer and a truck driver. He and his wife had two more children, Martin and Billy. Life on the road traveling with Bob Wills and the Texas Playboys, the Miller Brothers, Rex Allen of Arizona, and Jimmy Dean of Plainview, Texas, among others, took its toll. Myrick left behind his musical career and began a three-decade association with Big Three Industries, a major distributor of liquid oxygen to NASA and hospitals around the country. Big Three was later purchased by Air Liquide of France. He began driving trucks and ended his career as the transport and safety director.
On retiring from the company, Myrick returned to his first love of bluegrass music creating the National Public Radio show "Silvergrass and Purple Sage" which has a following in Japan and among American military serving in Iraq. He is also a master of ceremonies at bluegrass festivals. He resides in Odessa with his wife, Laverne. He is a member of the choir at First Baptist Church in Odessa. The Myricks have three children, Bellinda Myrick, former Miss Texas and Miss West Texas, singer/actress/and author, Martin C. Myrick, a Ph.D. and author, and Billy R. Myrick (born 1958), a former police chief and the purchasing agent at the fire department in Murphy, Texas. In 2010, there were seven grandchildren.
Myrick is sometimes a guest host on the Odessa country music station KXWT.
Bill Myrick received the Bronze Star medal on February 20, 2011 for his service during World War II in the Army as a Staff Sgt. and Combat Medic with the 25th Infantry Division based in Hawaii seeing combat in the Pacific under General Douglas MacArthur. The award was presented before a standing room only crowd of over 1,900 people and over 30 family members flying in from around the country at his church First Baptist Church in Odessa, Texas just a few weeks before his death.

</doc>
<doc id="18800029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800029" title="Sabra, Burkina Faso">
Sabra, Burkina Faso

Sabra, Burkina Faso is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,002.

</doc>
<doc id="18800035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800035" title="Big Bad Mamma">
Big Bad Mamma

"Big Bad Mamma" is a single by Foxy Brown and Dru Hill from the soundtrack to the 1997 film, "How to Be a Player". The song also appeared on the re-issue of Foxy Brown's debut album, "Ill Na Na".
The song, which was produced by the Trackmasters who used a sample of Carl Carlton's "She's a Bad Mama Jama", became a semi-successful hit, peaking at 53 on the Billboard Hot 100, Foxy's second highest charting single as a solo artist. The single was released with the recently reunited EPMD's "Never Seen Before".

</doc>
<doc id="18800054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800054" title="Hakha Chin language">
Hakha Chin language

Hakha Chin (Baungshe, Lai), or Pawi, is a language spoken in southern Asia by 446,264 people. The total figure includes 2,000 Zokhua, and 60,100 Lai speakers. The speakers are largely concentrated in Mizoram in eastern India and Burma, with a small number of speakers in Bangladesh.
Even though there is no official language in Chin State (Burma), "Lai holh" is used as a communication language or lingua franca in most parts of Chin State. It's used as a native language in Hakha and Thantlang area. And it's used as a communication language or lingua franca in Matupi. As Hakha and Falam dialects are from the same Lai dailect and 85% of the phonetic and accent are exactly the same, people from Falam can easily communicate with Hakha language. Strictly speaking, as Hakha is the capital of Chin State; Chins people from many parts of Chin State settle down in Hakha, or serve or work temporarily as a government employee or business men and eventually they including their children learn and speak Hakha. In this way, nowadays Hakha (Lai) dialect is used as a communication or lingua franca in the present day Chin State.
Phonology.
Consonants
Literacy and literature.
The literacy rates are lower for the older people and higher in the younger generations. The Hakha-Chin language uses the Latin script, unlike most languages of India and Bangladesh who use Devanagari or other southeast-Asian alphabets. Between 1978 and 1999 the Bible was translated into the language.
Dialects.
There are three dialects: Klangklang (or Thlantlang), Zokhua, and Shonshe.
Burma.
The language is spoken by 100,000 in Burma in 1991 according to UBS. In Burma, the language is also known as Haka, Hakha, Baungshe, and Lai.
Bangladesh.
In 2000 1,264 spoke it in Bangladesh, according to WCD. The language is also known as simply Haka, Baungshe, or Lai here. Bangladesh is where Shonshe is spoken and it may be a language in its own right.
India.
There were 345,000 speakers in India according to UBS in 1996. It is also known as: Haka, Baungshe, Lai, Lai Pawi, Lai Hawlh. The majority of the youth is literate in India. It is taught in primary schools in this nation. In India it is spoken in the Mizoram District, Chhimtuipui District and Aizawl district in addition to Meghalaya at the southernmost tip of Assam area.
People.
The Hakha-Chin people and the Hakha-Chin speaking people are largely of the Lai Pawi tribe of people. In the nation of India, they are a Scheduled Tribe, that is to say they have official government status as a separate and distinct community, people, and culture. These people live in the forests and jungles of India. These remote areas are very hilly and mountainous. The livelihoods of most of them are based on swidden agriculture. The predominant religion in practice by Hakha-Chin speakers is Christianity.

</doc>
<doc id="18800059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800059" title="Mahoonagh">
Mahoonagh

Mahoonagh village is two miles (3 km) south east of the town of Newcastle West, County Limerick, Ireland. 
There are two villages within the parish of Mahoonagh.
The parish has two main centres, Mahoonagh and Feohanagh (Feothanach) villages.
Mahoonagh village is the official name and it is known locally as Castlemahon (Caisleán Uí Mhathúna) village.
There is one Main Street in Castlemahon and one Main Housing estate known as Churchview.
There is a Parish Hall, a primary National School, RC Church, Post office, two shops and two Pubs, one Car Garage and A Plant Hire within the Village.
Location.
From Newcastle West proceed out the ‘Bruff line’ road (Towards Kilmallock) and after take the first Right at the cross roads towards Kilmeedy. Castlemahon Village is sided on east bank of the River Deel. 
You can also get to Castlemahon Village by taking the Cork Road (From Newcastle West towards Dromcollogher and take the First Left at the first crossroads coming into the village from the townland of Ballinvullen.
Feohanagh village is situated approximately five miles further away, on the R522 on the road between Newcastle West and Dromcollogher.
Transportation.
Taxi.
Mahoonagh Parish is serviced by a numerous Taxi/ hackneys from Newcastle West.
Bus.
The Killarney/Tralee Bus Route passes through Newcastle West
The county's regional/national bus hub is located in Limerick City Colbert Station train station. The Bus Hub has connection to various cities and towns throughout Ireland.
Rail.
The nearest passenger rail is Charleville, County Cork. The Cork-Dublin line and Limerick Colbert Station Limerick-Dublin via Limerick Junction County Tipperary.
One Private Run bus company within the Parish.
Air.
No commercial airports are situated in County Limerick and the Parish's needs are serviced from Shannon Airport N19 in County Clare, Kerry Airport Farranfore N23 County Kerry and Cork Airport Kinsale Road N27 County Cork, all are within 1 hour's drive.
Education.
There is one Primary school within the village known as Mahoonagh National School and it is situated on the site of the Old St Nichols Church.
email: mahoonaghns.ias@eircom.net
Tel: +353 69 72332
History.
The present day name of Mahoonagh comes from the Irish 'Maigh Tamhnach', which means 'the plain of the tree stumps' or 'the plain of the clearings'. The village of Mahoonagh is more commonly known as Castlemahon village, although Mainchín Seoighe tells us that the origin of this place name is unclear, there being neither parish nor townland of that name. 
In the Civil Survey of 1654–56 the spelling is Mahownagh, Mahoonagh (or Castlemahon as it is locally known), at that time, the parish was in the Glenquin Division of the barony of Upper Connello. There is no exact known date for the founding of the parish. In the sixteenth century, Mahoonagh was divided up into three parts called Trean Tawnaghe, Treanmeane and Treanfaltaghe.
The ruins of a massive square tower about high, exist near Castlemahon and gives the name to the village. Near it is a curious circular building, with a high conical roof of stone. It was a strong fortress erected about 1490 by the Fitzgeralds. 
Cormac MacCarthaigh became the King of Munster in 1123 when his brother Tadhg died. According to Mainchín Seoighe, Cormac was known as Cormac Muighe Thamhnach because he had his residence in Mahoonagh. Cormac was a violent leader and led an expedition against the O'Connor's of Connacht. However, he was displaced as King in 1127 and was killed in 1138 in his house in Maigh Thamhnach by the O'Briens. Previously, it was recorded that Cellachan, the King of Cashel was killed at Mahoonagh in 954.
Emigrants to North America from Mahoonagh include Michael Scanlon, the "Fenian Poet," Thomas Scanlan, Mayor of Houston, Texas in the 1800s, William Fleming, Grandfather of Harry Raymond Fleming, Canadian Member of Parliament and Great Great Grandfather of Michael P. Fleming, Elected Harris County Attorney (Houston, Texas).
Castles.
Mahoonagh Castle was built by the Fitzgeralds at the end of the 12 or the beginning of the 13th century. In later years the Castle was owned by the Fitzgibbons. The English occupied it but in 1598 another Fitzgibbon descendant of those who once owned the castle – attacked it and gained possession of it. There is an interesting story of how this Thomas 
Fitzgibbon-Macgibbon succeeded in taking over the Castle. He had a servant named Casey. Nobody Knows how Casey came to be in the Castle with the English, but on Shrove Tuesday morning he rose early, he Climbed to the top of the tower unobserved by the inmates and whistled. This was a signal to Fitzgibbon and the Irish to get ready. He came down, roused up the porter, Thomas Everard and conned him into letting him out. Escott, who held the castle, Vosias Walker, Daniel Jennings the Local minister, and others to the number of forty, were it is alleged, stripped naked by MacGibbon. Four of them were hanged at the Windmill of Meane near Kilbolane Castle while the rest were allowed to retire in safety. The other prisoners were ordered to march to North Cork. As there were more captives than the Irish, Fitzgibbon decided to leave some of them to be hanged along the way. The English got angry at this and Fitzgibbon was forced to set all the prisoners free.
At Ballynoe are the remains of an old Castle was built by the Knights Templer. The ivy clad ruins of Clonelty Church can still be traced beside the old castle.
The Principal seats were Mayne the residence of Bryan Sheehy, and Ballinakill more of Godfrey Massey. The Living was a rectory and vicarage of the Diocese of Limerick and in the patronage of the Earl of Devon. Tithes amounted to £500 and there was a Glebe of .
Local Mills.
There were several water mills on the River Deel, from flax to wheat, none survive today. It was suspected that they were built similar to local houses at that time and floods from the river & Normal weather destroyed the buildings after they were not maintained.
History of the Creamery.
The old Creamery of Castlemahon 
Castlemahon Co-operative Dairy Society was formed in 1890. The Castlemahon area was campaigned for share capital and the erection of the creamery commenced in 1891. The contractors were the Naughton's. The building was completed and in order for the start of 1892 milk season. The committee and the officers that were elected include, chairman George L Sheehy, and manager Tom Beary, of Mitchelstown. Mr. Beary resigned in 1893 and was replaced by two local men of Castlemahon. Joseph Liston and James Phelan, were temporary managers until Denis Hegarty, of Roscarberry took over the creamery.
Castlemahon Co- operative.
In 1920 poultry processing commenced in the creamery and consisted of the gathering of live fowl for both the home market and for export. The business became the leading poultry provider in Ireland in 1960, after the amalgamation of the milk business, of the co – operative with Golden Vale in the early 1970s. Golden Vale in the mid-1980s wound up their business on the site and diverted the Farmers to deliver their Milk to nearby Newcastle West. The Castlemahon site was a great social meeting place for the local gossip in the parish for the local farmers as they were always plenty of parking for the long gossip without affecting the delivery of milk. An old shop (Now demolished) across the road, severed Newspapers and other needs for the farmers. The poultry business continued as a separate co – operative and embarked on an ambitious growth programme through business acquisitions. The workforce at Castlemahon has proved to be highly flexible as is required in the fresh food business. They supply quality poultry to Ireland's leading retailers and caterers. 
A new company was formed in October 1984 when O’ Kane Poultry of Ballymena purchased the processing plant from the Liquidator of the Co-operative. Employment increased in excess of 280. This compares more than favourably with the employment level of 144 in October 1984. The workforce at Castlemahon has proved to be highly flexible as is required in the fresh food business. Castlemahon Foods brought the Golden Vale site and built a cooking plant on its location. As the range of product produced grows, the skill base of the company will be expanded to cater for market requirements. The market for chicken has changed considerably over the past few years. The present day house-wife tends to purchase a variety of products, thus making meal preparations less of a chore. Over the years Castlemahon Foods continued to expand the overall chicken market by providing an alternative chicken meal from chicken portions to the roast chicken, turkey portions etc. 40% of the annual sales are made over the Christmas period mainly from the Turkey Market. The significant change in the market is the greater demand for fresh & frozen turkeys. In order to satisfy this demand a new processing line has been installed in Castlemahon and the first turkey in four years will be processed at the plant this Christmas (1989 parish annual), over the years the plant continued it expansion of poultry products with variety chicken portions and custom orders from and to an every demanding consumer. In the late 1990 Castlemahon Foods built a Mill for processing of meal for the poultry trade.
Castlemahon foods continued to upgrade it equipment and Improved their process over the years until it went into receivership in October 2006 and wound up in November 2006 losing up to 300 jobs.
Sports.
GAA.
Main centre for Sports within the parish is the GAA (Feohanagh-Castlemahon Club) with their playing Field in Coolyroe. For Hurling the parish is represented by Feohanagh and in Gaelic Football is Castlemahon who represents the parish. There are also handball courts available in Coolyroe. Hurling is the main sport in Castlemahon.
Famous Hurling members from this club are from the Quaid Family.
Feohanagh-Castlemahon Ladies Gaelic Football.
http://www.bebo.com/Profile.jsp?MemberId=4939951551
Other Sports.
More Sporting centres are available in nearby Newcastle West, with Soccer and other indoor sports in the Demesne, Newcastle West, Rugby on the Killarney road N21 Newcastle West.
http://www.lcc.ie/Office_Locations/Newcastlewest/NewcastleWest_Demesne/
Golf.
There is also a Golf Society with the parish: Castlemahon Golf Society.
Employment.
Farming.
Mahoonagh is part of the rich Golden Vale landscape which is ideal for Farming. For most of Mahoonagh history, Farming was the main employment.
It comprises 12,262 statute acres, which are in part very good, though some are cold, wet, being chiefly pasture and meadow, constituting several large and small dairy farms, around the parish. It has some good land tolerably and it is well cultivated. The marshy land consists chiefly of exhausted bog, all reclaimable by drainage. 
Until late 2006, with the closure of Castlemahon Foods, Poultry farming was another income for the local farmers in the area.
The Newcastle West Agricultural Show take place within the Parish, at Ballynoe on farm of Terence Leonard Farm, within the last few years. It was originally resides within the Castle Demesne in Newcastle West until recent years.
Ballinvullin Industrial Estate.
There is currently an Industrial Estate under construction (2007/2008) in the Townland of Ballinvullen (West of the Village towards the Cork Road R522 ) which already has a Mill nearby built by Castlemahon Foods near Laceys Cross on the Cork Road (R522).
Past Major Employment.
The main big Employment for the Parish in the past and West Limerick and its surrounding areas in recent years for many decades was Castlemahon Foods (known locally as the Creamery) which was located across the river on the west bank from the main village on the Road to Lacey cross in the townland of Ballinvullen. The Factory closed down and went into receivership in October 2006.
Up to 300 processing jobs were lost when the owners of Castlemahon, the O'Kane Group, applied to the High Court to have company wound up. It was a big blow to the region for many families who depended on Castlemahon, with some had many generations work there.
The closure has also left 58 growers and 20 Chicken/Turkey breeders without an outlet for their produce.
The soil rests on a substratum of limestone, excellent quarries of which are worked at Shauragh and near the village.
Religion.
There are two Catholic Churches within the parish, St. John the Baptist (Castlemahon) St. Mary (Feohanagh). 
More Information is available at the Parish Website.
http://www.limerickdioceseheritage.org/Mahoonagh.htm
Siberian Tigers.
Several Reports on RTE News and in National and Local Newspapers, that Two Siberian Tigers settle down in Castlemahon in November 1990, Castlemahon hit the news headlines and made History. In the home of Stafford and Kathleen Tailor in Mahoonagh Castlemahon. They bought a Christmas present of two Siberian tigers for their daughter Andrea. The names of the tigers were Nova and Batack. The animals were delivered by Chipperfield Circus to their new home, which was built to the specified standards. The large reinforced double cage where they were kept was in specification beforehand for the safe keeping of these animals.
Only web reference is here.
This event was mention in a Debate in the Dáil Éireann on 4 March 1992, but Deputy Noonan misquoted the date of arrival of the tigers.
Control of Dogs (Amendment) Bill, 1991: Committee Stage (Resumed)

</doc>
<doc id="18800061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800061" title="Pampadum Shola National Park">
Pampadum Shola National Park

Pampadum Shola National Park is the smallest national park in Kerala state, South India. The park adjoins the Allinagaram Reserved Forest within the proposed Palani Hills Wildlife Sanctuary and National Park. The Western Ghats, Anamalai Sub-Cluster, including these parks, is under consideration by the UNESCO World Heritage Committee for selection as a World Heritage Site.
Etymology.
The name´"Pampadum Shola" means, "the forest where the snake dances", derived from three Tamil (one of the Dravidian languages) words, "paamp", which means "snake"; "aattam", means "dance"; and "cholai", means "forest". "Shola" may be considered as a mis-speller of "cholai".
Flora.
The park protects a moderate amount of montane evergreen shola forest that is associated with the wildlife rich Eravikulam National Park.
There are various types of Medicinal plants (Herbs), of which studies have been made. After the forest range there are Grandis (a variety of Eucalyptus) that threatens the Ecology of the area due to its dehydrating and quick-spreading character. These trees as well as the private legal and illegal plantations of the same trees remain as a living danger. The Eucalyptus trees (Grandis) that eat up the unique eco-system is yet to be a consideration of the forestry. The National Park with its unique richness of uncontaminated "humus", has been an interest of studies recently.
Fauna.
The keystone species here is the highly elusive and endangered, endemic small carnivore - 
the Nilgiri Marten. Leopards and Indian wild dogs are sometimes sighted at dusk or dawn, Tigers are an important animal of the park. The Old Kodaikanal–Munnar Road nearby is closed due to the growing population of Wildlife such as Elephants, Buffaloes Gaur and Nilgiri langurs.
Some notable birds found here include the Nilgiri Wood-pigeon, White-bellied Shortwing, Vernal Hanging Parrot, Blue Rock-thrush, Blue-capped Rock-thrush and Nilgiri flycatcher, and Black-and-orange Flycatchers.
Visitation.
The Forest Department provides opportunity to experience the beauty of Pampadum Shola National Park to the curious tourists and research fellows. A special welcome board is placed at the entrance of the National Park, at the Check-post, which is 7 km before reaching Vattavada. These days the National Park is open to the tourists with payment, and the accompaniment of the forest officers Photo, for the safety of the forest as well as of the people. The evergreen trees and the water sources become the habitat of various birds and animals. This thick green forest is situated almost 35 km away from Munnar, towards the road to Koviloor and Vattavada.
Nearby Villages.
The adjacent villages beyond the National Park are Urkkad, Vattavada, Koviloor, and Kottakamboor, with its rich vegetable cultivations.

</doc>
<doc id="18800063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800063" title="Depew Memorial Fountain">
Depew Memorial Fountain

Depew Memorial Fountain is a freestanding fountain completed in 1919 and located in University Park in downtown Indianapolis, Indiana within the Indiana World War Memorial Plaza.
Description.
The fountain is composed of multiple bronze figures arranged on a five-tier Stony Creek pink granite base with three basins. The bronze sculptures depict fish, eight children dancing, and a woman on the topmost tier dancing and playing cymbals. The overall dimensions are approximately 25 x 45 x .
A memorial plaque is located on south side of the large granite basin. It reads:
History.
University Park was redesigned in 1914 by George Edward Kessler for the park and boulevard system he had developed for the city of Indianapolis. Depew Fountain was an original component of the plan and was designed by the sculptor Karl Bitter in the same year.
The Depew Memorial Fountain was commissioned in memory of Dr. Richard J. Depew by his wife, Emma Ely, following Dr. Depew’s death in 1887. When Mrs. Depew died in 1913, she had bequeathed $50,000 from her estate to the city of Indianapolis for the erection of a fountain in memory of her husband “in some park or public place where all classes of people may enjoy it.”
An information plaque, located on the north side of the fountain, reads:
In 1926 young women from the Albertina Rasch ballet performed an interpretive dance around the fountain, mimicking the bronze sculptures thereon, to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the fountain.

</doc>
<doc id="18800074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800074" title="United States Post Office–Somerville Main">
United States Post Office–Somerville Main

The US Post Office—Somerville Main is a historic post office at 237 Washington Street in Union Square, Somerville, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story building was constructed in 1935-36 as part of a Public Works Administration initiative during the Great Depression. The building has a steel frame, and is clad in brick laid in Flemish bond, with limestone trim elements, and topped by a truncated hip roof. It is five bays wide, with a slightly projecting central section that is topped by a gable. The main entry, slightly recessed in this section, consists of a pair of modern glass-and-aluminum doors topped by an extended round-arch fanlight window. There is a small oriel window in the gable section.
The interior of the main floor consists of the public lobby area, which includes an enclosed vestibule area at the main entrance, with small offices on either side, and a work area to the rear. The vestibule is set one-half floor below the main lobby area, with stairs rising from the main entrance to the left and right, and is framed in stained wood that matches other woodwork in the lobby area. The floors of the lobby and vestibule are finished in multiple colors of marble, as is the wainscoting on the walls.
The upper portion of the east lobby wall contains a mural entitled "A Skirmish between British and Colonists near Somerville in Revolutionary Times", painted by Ross Moffett in 1937 and commissioned by the Treasury Department's Section of Fine Arts. The mural depicts skirmishing that took place in the Union Square area in the later phases of the 1775 Battles of Lexington and Concord that began the American Revolutionary War.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. As of 2014 the Post Office is planning to sell the building.

</doc>
<doc id="18800076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800076" title="Mjølnerparken">
Mjølnerparken

Mjølnerparken is a housing project located between Nørrebro and Bispebjerg S-train station in Nørrebro, Copenhagen. Approximately 2,500 people live in the area; 98% are either immigrant or born to immigrants, who represent 38 different nationalities, mostly West Asian and African. The majority of the inhabitants are under 18 years old, and the area are known because of press reports on its crime rates.

</doc>
<doc id="18800088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800088" title="Redtail splitfin">
Redtail splitfin

The redtail splitfin, or redtail goodeid, (Xenotoca eiseni) is a species of goodeid fish from the family Goodeidae and subfamily Goodeinae. Like other members of Goodeinae, the redtail splitfin is a livebearer. However, the goodeid mating system differs in several ways from the more common livebearing fish from the family Poeciliidae that includes guppies and swordtails. While no goodeid species is a very popular aquarium fish, the redtail splitfin is one of most popular.
Range and habitat.
The redtail splitfin comes from several rivers in the highlands of Mexico, including the Rio San Leonel and Rio Grande de Santiago in Nayarit and the Rio Tamazula in Jalisco. They live in clear mountain streams as well as roadside ditches.
Description.
The redtail splitfin is a deep-bodied fish, and males have a hump behind the head. The hump gets larger as the males get older. Males' body color is blue, and the caudal fin (tail) and penduncular area are red or orange. There are a number of color variations, and fish from Nayarit have a bluer body, while fish from San Marcos, Jalisco are blotched. Females are more plainly colored Females are generally slightly larger than males. Females grow to 7 centimeters (2.8 inches) while males grow to 6 centimeters (2.4 inches).
Breeding.
Male goodeids like the redtail splitfin have a notched anal fin that gives the fish the name "splitfin", instead of the gonopodium of poeciliids. This notched anal fin, or andropodium, is used to transmit sperm to the female. The female nourishes the unborn young via trophotaeniae, which function like an umbilical cord in mammals.
Females give birth about every 2 months to 10 to 50 fry. The newborn redtail splitfin fry are relatively large compared to most newborn livebearer fry, at about 15 millimeters (2/3 of an inch) long.
In the wild, both male and female redtail splitfins prefer to mate with fish of similar size. This limits the sexual advantage to males that grow especially large. This minimizes the sexual dimorphism in the size of the fish between males and females.
Aquarium keeping.
The redtail splitfin is not a very common aquarium fish, but it is one of the most common goodeids to be kept in the aquarium. They are not very demanding in the aquarium, although they prefer hard, alkaline water. They can tolerate a wide range of water temperatures, from 15 to 30 degrees Celsius (59 to 86 degrees Fahrenheit). They accept a wide range of foods, but do require some vegetable matter in their diets. Although they are generally peaceful, they are known to occasionally nip the fins of fellow aquarium residents. This behavior can be reduced by keeping the redtail splitfin in schools.

</doc>
<doc id="18800096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800096" title="Giannini (surname)">
Giannini (surname)

Giannini is a surname of Italian origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18800097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800097" title="Walter S. and Melissa E. Barnes House">
Walter S. and Melissa E. Barnes House

The Walter S. and Melissa E. Barnes House is a historic house at 140 Highland Avenue in Somerville, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house, built c. 1885-95, is one of a few virtually unchanged Queen Anne/Stick style Victorians in the city. It has a half-round window in the front gable, and its front porch has Stick-style braces supporting the roof. The house was built for Walter S. Barnes, who worked in the box-making business in Boston, and was also owned for many years by local politician Robert Luce.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18800103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800103" title="Gloydius blomhoffii brevicaudus">
Gloydius blomhoffii brevicaudus

Gloydius blomhoffii brevicaudus is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to China and the Korean Peninsula.
Description.
Adults are relatively stout with a broad head and a short tail. (The subspecific name, "brevicaudus", is Latin for "short tail".) 
The largest male examined by Gloyd and Conant (1990) was 71 cm (28 inches) in total length of which the tail was 9 cm (3½ in); the largest female, 69 cm (27⅛ in) with an 8.2 cm (3¼ in) tail. On average, male specimens had a tail that was 12-15% (13.5%) of total length, while in females this was 11-13% (11.7%).
The scalation usually includes 21 rows of dorsal scales at midbody, all of which are keeled except the lowermost on the anterior part of the body. There are 135-149 ventral scales, and 30-44 mostly paired subcaudal scales. 95% of all specimens have 7 supralabial scales.
The color pattern consists of a light brown or gray ground color, overlaid with a pattern of 23-36 pairs of dorsolateral blotches or half-bands that oppose or alternate on either side of the middorsal line. These blotches are subelliptical in shape and brown in color with pale centers and dark brown to grayish brown borders. The pairs of blotches may or may not contact each other at the midline. They are separated laterally by light areas that are about one scale wide and extend downwards to the third or second scale rows. The head includes a dark and clearly defined postocular stripe that is sharply bordered above and below by yellow or white. The tip of the tail is yellow.
Geographic range.
Found in China (Manchuria) and the Korean Peninsula. The type locality given is "Busan, Korea" (Pusan, South Korea).

</doc>
<doc id="18800107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800107" title="KBB (disambiguation)">
KBB (disambiguation)

KBB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18800120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800120" title="Wright House (Somerville, Massachusetts)">
Wright House (Somerville, Massachusetts)

The Wright House is a historic house at 54 Vinal Avenue in Somerville, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1895 for Walter Wright, owner of a milk can manufacturer. It is predominantly Queen Anne style in its massing, with numerous projecting bays, including a turret-like section over the single story front porch. Most of its architectural elements, however, are shingled, and there are bands of decorative cut shingles in various places.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18800143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800143" title="Z. E. Cliff House">
Z. E. Cliff House

The Z. E. Cliff House is a historic house located at 29 Powderhouse Terrace in Somerville, Massachusetts. Zebedee Cliff was an alderman and later mayor of Somerville. A carpenter turned developer, he has been credited with undertaking over $2 million worth of construction in Somerville before his death in 1934.
The American shingle style house was built in 1900 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18800174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800174" title="ASYCUDA">
ASYCUDA

The Automated System for Customs Data is a computerized system designed by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) to administer a country's customs. In 2004 there were more than 50 operational projects with expenditures exceeding US$7 million. It is the largest technical cooperation programme of the UNCTAD, covering over 80 countries and 4 regional projects.
There are three generations of ASYCUDA in use: ASYCUDA 2.7, ASYCUDA++ and ASYCUDA World. They were built using different paradigms and solutions available at conception. ASYCUDA World was the most recent and least used as of early 2009.
UNCTAD's aim was to build a computer system to assist customs authorities (or their local equivalents) all over the world to automate and control their core processes and obtain timely, accurate and valuable information to support government projections and planning.

</doc>
<doc id="18800178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800178" title="Marcin Krzywicki">
Marcin Krzywicki

Marcin Krzywicki (born November 29, 1986 in Bydgoszcz) is a Polish footballer currently playing for Wisła Płock.
Career.
Club.
He made his first appearance in the Ekstraklasa in September 2008.
In July 2011, he was loaned to Ruch Radzionków on one-year deal.

</doc>
<doc id="18800194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800194" title="Regulbium">
Regulbium

Regulbium was the name of an ancient Roman fort of the Saxon Shore in the vicinity of the modern English resort of Reculver in Kent. Its name derives from the local Celtic language, meaning "great headland".
History.
The first Roman military installation in the area was a small fort built directly after the invasion of Britain in the reign of Claudius, protected by earthworks. The fort, strategically located at the entrance of the Wantsum Channel, possibly housed a signal tower, perhaps a lighthouse, and continued in operation at least until the late 60s, since coins dating to the reign of Nero were found on site. This structure lay within the bounds of the later, larger stone fort, which was built in the early 3rd century, probably in ca. 210, since the sole stone inscription found at the fort (in 1960) mentions the then governor of Britain, Aulus Triarius Rufinus. This construction occurred at a time when cities and strategic sites all over Western Europe were fortified in response to the greater threat posed by barbarian raids. The archaeological remains display another period of great activity towards the end of the century, the time of the Carausian Revolt, and again in the first half of the 4th century. However, it appears that after 360, the fort was abandoned by the Roman military.
The masonry "castrum" at Reculver is unusually early for its location and type, but it can be compared in both age and design with the forts at Brancaster and Caister-on-Sea, both in Norfolk, and it may be that "the east coast was in need of protection before the south coast, which was patrolled by the Roman navy, the "Classis Britannica"." The design of the fort at Reculver can also be compared with those along Hadrian's Wall, in northern England. The "Notitia Dignitatum" (whose western records date from the early 5th century but probably describe the situation at a slightly earlier date), reports the garrison at Reculver as the "Cohors I Baetasiorum", and this is reflected in the discovery there of tiles stamped with the initials "CIB". The "Cohors I Baetasiorum" were previously stationed at Maryport, in Cumbria, and, since they probably built the fort at Reculver, this may explain the similarity between it and the forts along Hadrian's Wall.
After the arrival of the Anglo-Saxons in Britain, the site continued to be inhabited, and, now called Raculf, became a residence of the Kings of Kent. In 669, King Ecgberht of Kent founded a monastery on the site of the fort. It clearly was important, since in 690, its abbot, Bertwald, became Archbishop of Canterbury.
Location and construction.
The fort stood on the mainland side of the northern entrance to the mile-wide Wantsum Channel, which separated the Isle of Thanet from the mainland. The Channel was a favoured passage for shipping, and the fort was built to both control it and act as a navigational marker. The construction was typical of a Saxon Shore fort, square-shaped with rounded corners. The single rampart was 10 feet (3 m) thick at the base tapering to 8 feet (2.5m) at the top, with a height of probably 20 feet (6 m). It was additionally strengthened by an earthen rampart on the interior, and surrounded by two external ditches. The fort covered an area of 3.06 ha, but almost half of that has been lost to the sea due to erosion.

</doc>
<doc id="18800196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800196" title="Wisteria Lodge (Reading, Massachusetts)">
Wisteria Lodge (Reading, Massachusetts)

Wisteria Lodge is a historic house at 146 Summer Avenue in Reading, Massachusetts. The 2+ story Second Empire wood frame house was built in 1850 by Oscar Foote, a local real estate developer entrepreneur who attempted to market bottled mineral water from nearby springs. The house has a mansard roof with fish scale slate shingles, bracketed eaves, an elaborate porte cochere, and styled window surrounds.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800210" title="Dmitri Chernykh (ice hockey)">
Dmitri Chernykh (ice hockey)

Dmitri Aleksandrovich Chernykh (born February 27, 1985) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Metallurg Novokuznetsk in the Kontinental Hockey League. He was drafted 48th overall in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft by the New York Islanders and is the son of former Soviet hockey player Aleksandr Chernykh.
Chernykh developed in the Khimik Voskresensk hockey system, the club his father also played for. He was a member of Russia’s U18 national team, but struggled to make the U20 squad in the following years. Chernykh has primarily spent time skating in Russia’s second- and third-tier leagues, struggling to break back into the KHL.
He played one season of hockey in North America for the Dayton Bombers during the 2006–07 season before returning to Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="18800221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800221" title="Woburn Street Historic District">
Woburn Street Historic District

The Woburn Street Historic District of Reading, Massachusetts encompasses a two-block section of late 19th century upper-class housing. The extends along Woburn Street from Summer Street to Temple Street, and includes sixteen houses on well-proportioned lots along an attractive tree-lined section of the street. The historic district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Woburn Street is one of the oldest streets in Reading, with portions appearing on a map in 1765. The area remained rural until the late 19th century, when railroad-influenced suburban development resulted in the extension and development of the road. Four houses were built prior to this time: the c. 1795 house at 201 Woburn Street, a predominantly Federal-style house that was later modified with a Colonial Revival portico, is the oldest house in the district. Other houses from earlier in the 19th century are two Greek Revival and one Italianate style house, which was moved c. 1908 to the area to serve as the rectory for the Saint Agnes Church.
A number of prominent individuals lived in the district. 206 Woburn Street, a Shingle style building, was the home of architect Horace G. Wadlin. Railroad owner Edward Appleton lived at 201 Woburn Street, as did shoemaker Daniel Pratt and architect Willard P. Adden. The house at 216 Woburn Street was owned by local hardware store owner Richard W. Francis. A founder and director of the First National Bank in Reading lived at 177 Woburn Street.
Most of the houses in the district are either Colonial Revival or Queen Anne in styling; even one of the early Greek Revival houses was refashioned in Queen Anne style. Houses at 183 Woburn Street and 228 Woburn Street are good examples of Colonial Revival style. There is one Craftsman-style house, at 207 Woburn Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18800234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800234" title="Lillo">
Lillo

Lillo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18800236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800236" title="Kfar Uria">
Kfar Uria

Kfar Uria (, "lit." Uriah Village) is a moshav in central Israel. Located near Beit Shemesh, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 445.
The village was first established in 1912 on land bought from Białystok Jews, and served as an agricultural training place. Amongst the residents were A. D. Gordon. In the 1929 Palestine riots Arab rioters from Jerusalem attacked Kfar Uria. The Grand Mufti of Jerusalem, Mohammad Amin al-Husayni (Huseni) incited and transported young rioter (Shabab) from Jeruslam that attacked the pastoral Jewish resident of Kfar Uria. The inhabitants of the adjacent Arab villages for the most part were on good terms with the residents of the Jewish village of Kfar Uria. The neighboring Arab villagers treated kfar Uria's association director, Baruch Yakimovsky, as Mukhtar (village chief) and he was friendly with the Arab Mukhtars of the nearby villages. The farmers of the area, both Jews and Arabs, cooperated and defended each other against raiding nomadic Bedouin. The Mufti’s rioters robbed and burned Kfar Uria in the 1929 riots with the aid of some opportunistic local Arab villagers. However, the six Jewish families that stayed behind, refusing to believe in the coming riots, were smuggled out by Baruch Yakimovsky and his friend, the Mukhtar of Beit Far, and their lives were spared. Apparently, they used one of the ancient natural tunnels that crisscrosses that area to smuggle the people out. Baruch was able to work the land of Kfar Uria for a few more years with the cooperation of some of the local Arab Mukhtars. In 1944, a new village was established on the ruins of the original one. However, it, too, was destroyed during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War.
A third and final attempt at settling the area was made in 1949, when a moshav was established on the site.
The village name sound similar to Khirbet Cafarorie, a ruin located south - west of the village, which has a winepress hewn, mosaic and burial caves.
The village center features an old Khan, which once hosted the agricultural training workers, including A. D. Gordon. The Khan structure remains to this day at the heart of the community, but it requires renovations and therefore closed to visitors.
During the years 2009 - 2011 a new neighborhood was built and populated with 69 new houses and families.

</doc>
<doc id="18800240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800240" title="White Winter Hymnal">
White Winter Hymnal

"White Winter Hymnal" is the first single from Fleet Foxes's debut 2008 self-titled album. Released by European label Bella Union on July 21, 2008, the single was issued on 7" vinyl as well as digital MP3 format. The B-side is the non-album track "Isles".
Track listing.
All songs written by Robin Pecknold.
Critical reception.
"Time" critic Josh Tyrangiel named this the #5 song of 2008. Pitchfork Media ranked it the #2 song of 2008 and #66 on their decade end list.
Covers.
This song was covered by Sonos on the album Sonosings and by Birdy on her debut album "Birdy" (2011).
In 2010, the song was parodied by The Fringemunks to recap "Fringe" episode 2.20, "Northwest Passage". 
It was also covered by Kina Grannis on her album 'Stairwells' (2011).

</doc>
<doc id="18800245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800245" title="Alden Batchelder House">
Alden Batchelder House

The Alden Batchelder House is a historic house at 797 Main Street in Reading, Massachusetts. Built in the early 1850s, the 2.5 story wood frame house is an excellent example of an early Italianate design. Its front facade has a central gable, a two story projecting bay on the right side, and a porch that wraps around the side of the house. The first floor windows are elongated, with deep moldings. The house was built by Alden Batchelder, a noted local cabinetmaker.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800246" title="Performance-based advertising">
Performance-based advertising

Performance-based advertising is a form of advertising in which the purchaser pays only when there are measurable results. Performance-based advertising is becoming more common with the spread of electronic media, notably the Internet, where it is possible to measure user actions resulting from advertisement.
Pricing models.
There are four common pricing models used in the online performance advertising market. 
CPM (Cost-per-Mille, or Cost-per-Thousand) Pricing Models charge advertisers for impressions, i.e. the number of times people view an advertisement. Display advertising is commonly sold on a CPM pricing model. The problem with CPM advertising is that advertisers are charged even if the target audience does not click on the advertisement. 
CPC (Cost-per-Click) advertising overcomes this problem by charging advertisers only when the consumer clicks on the advertisement. However, due to increased competition, search keywords have become very expensive. A 2007 Doubleclick Performics Search trends Report shows that there were nearly six times as many keywords with a cost per click (CPC) of more than $1 in January 2007 than the prior year. The cost per keyword increased by 33% and the cost per click rose by as much as 55%. 
In recent times, there has been a rapid increase in online lead generation - banner and direct response advertising that works off a CPL pricing model. In a Cost-per-Lead pricing model, advertisers pay only for qualified leads - irrespective of the clicks or impressions that went into generating the lead. CPL advertising is also commonly referred to as online lead generation. 
Cost per Lead (CPL) pricing models are the most advertiser friendly. A recent IBM research study found that two-thirds of senior marketers expect 20 percent of ad revenue to move away from impression-based sales, in favor of action-based models within three years. CPL models allow advertisers to pay only for qualified leads as opposed to clicks or impressions and are at the pinnacle of the online advertising ROI hierarchy. 
In CPA advertising, advertisers pay for a specific action such as a credit card transaction (also called CPO, Cost-Per-Order).
Advertisers need to be careful when choosing between CPL and CPA pricing models. 
In CPL campaigns, advertisers pay for an interested lead - i.e. the contact information of a person interested in the advertiser's product or service. CPL campaigns are suitable for brand marketers and direct response marketers looking to engage consumers at multiple touch-points - by building a newsletter list, community site, reward program or member acquisition program.
In CPA campaigns, the advertiser typically pays for a completed sale involving a credit card transaction. CPA is all about 'now' -- it focuses on driving consumers to buy at that exact moment. If a visitor to the website doesn't buy anything, there's no easy way to re-market to them.
There are other important differentiators:
1. CPL campaigns are advertiser-centric. The advertiser remains in control of their brand, selecting trusted and contextually relevant publishers to run their offers. On the other hand, CPA and affiliate marketing campaigns are publisher-centric. Advertisers cede control over where their brand will appear, as publishers browse offers and pick which to run on their websites. Advertisers generally do not know where their offer is running.
2. CPL campaigns are usually high volume and light-weight. In CPL campaigns, consumers submit only basic contact information. The transaction can be as simple as an email address. On the other hand, CPA campaigns are usually low volume and complex. Typically, consumer has to submit credit card and other detailed information.
CPL advertising is more appropriate for advertisers looking to deploy acquisition campaigns by re-marketing to end consumers through e-newsletters, community sites, reward programs, loyalty programs and other engagement vehicles.
Economic benefits.
Many advertisers have limited budgets and may not understand the most effective method of advertising. 
With performance-based advertising plans, they avoid the risk of paying large amounts for advertisements that are ineffective. They pay only for results.
The advertising agency, distributor or publisher assumes the risk, and is therefore motivated to ensure that
the advertisement is well-targeted, making best use of the available inventory of advertising space.
Electronic media publishers may choose advertisements based on location, time of day, day of week, demographics and performance history,
ensuring that they maximize revenue earned from each advertising slot.
The close attention to targeting is intended to minimize the number of irrelevant advertisements presented to consumers.
They see advertisements for products and services that are likely to interest them.
Although consumers often state that advertisements are irritating, in many situations they find the advertisement useful if they are relevant.
Metrics.
Various types of measurable action may be used in charging for performance-based advertising: 
Some Internet sites are markets, bringing together buyers and sellers. eBay is a prominent example of a market operating on an auction basis. Other market sites let the vendors set their price. In either model, the market mediates sales and takes a commission - a defined percentage of the sale value. The market is motivated to give a more prominent position to vendors who achieve high sales value. Markets may be seen as a form of performance-based advertising. 
The use of mobile coupons also enables a whole new world of metrics within identifying campaign effect. There are several providers of mobile coupon technology that makes it possible to provide unique coupons or barcodes to each individual person and at the same time identify the person downloading it. This makes it possible to follow these individuals during the whole process from downloading until when and where the coupons are redeemed.
Media.
Although the Internet introduced the concept of performance-based advertising, it is now spreading into other media.
The mobile telephone is increasingly used as a web browsing device, and can support both pay-per-click and pay-per-call plans.
Coupons delivered to the mobile handset can be used to link advertising direct to sales.
As consumers start to use their mobile handset as an electronic payment device, it may become practical to establish direct linkage between advertising and purchases.
The linkage may be indirect.
A consumer may use their mobile phone to scan a barcode on an outdoor advertisement. 
This loads the advertiser's mobile site onto the phone.
When the consumer shortly afterwards goes to the advertiser's store and uses their phone to make a purchase, the linkage can be inferred.
Directory assistance providers are starting to introduce advertising, particularly with "Free DA" services such as the Jingle Networks 1-800-FREE-411, the AT&T 1-800-YELLOWPAGES and the (now-defunct) Google 1-800-GOOG-411. 
The advertiser pays when a caller listens to their advertisement, the equivalent of Internet CPM advertising, when they ask for additional information, or when they place a call.
IPTV promises to eventually combine features of cable television and the Internet.
Viewers may see advertisements in a sidebar that are relevant to the show they are watching.
They may click on an advertisement to obtain more details, and this action can be measured and used to charge the advertiser.
It is even possible to directly measure the performance of print advertising. The publisher prints a special telephone number in the advertisement, used nowhere else. When a consumer places a call to that number, the call event is recorded and the call is routed to the regular number. In theory, the call could only have been generated because of the print advertisement. In practice, there is the risk that an inadvertent third party will find a number from an advertisement and submit it to an online or printed directory, causing it to receive additional calls for which the advertiser must pay individually as "leads" or enquiries. Some of the received calls may be misdirected product support requests from existing clients, which are not new revenue and should not be counted as new leads. Toll-free telephone numbers are also notoriously prone to misdials which a company must pay to receive - often because a little-used number is one digit away from a major airline, hotel chain, hire car firm, bank or national franchise operator.
Pricing.
A publisher may charge defined prices for performance-based advertising, so much per click or call, but it is common for prices to be set through some form of "bidding" or auction arrangement.
The advertiser states how much they are willing to pay for a user action, and the publisher provides feedback on how much other advertisers have offered. The actual amount paid may be lower than the amount bid, for example 1 cent more than the next highest bidder.
A "bidding" plan does not guarantee that the highest bidder will always be presented in the most prominent advertising slot, or will gain the most user actions.
The publisher will want to earn the maximum revenue from each advertising slot, and may decide (based on actual results) that a lower bidder is likely to 
bring more revenue than a higher bidder - they will pay less but be selected more often.
In a competitive market, with many advertisers and many publications, defined prices and bid-based prices are likely to converge on the generally accepted value of an advertising action. This presumably reflects the expected sale value and the profit that will result from the sale. An item like a hotel room or airplane seat that loses all value if not sold may be priced at a higher ratio of sale value than an item like a bag of sand or box of nails that will retain its value over time.
A number of companies provide products or services to help optimize the bidding process, including deciding which keywords the advertiser should bid on and which sites will give best performance.
Issues.
There is the potential for fraud in performance-based advertising.
Since the user's actions are being measured, there are serious concerns of loss of privacy.
Performance-based advertising mechanisms induce firms to distort the prices of their goods (usually upwards) relative to prices that would maximize profits in settings where advertising is sold under established pay-per-impression methods. Upward price distortions reduce both consumer surplus and the joint publisher-advertiser profit, leading to a net reduction in social welfare. Dellarocas (2010) discusses a number of ways in which performance-based advertising mechanisms can be enhanced to restore efficient pricing.

</doc>
<doc id="18800254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800254" title="Asa M. Cook House">
Asa M. Cook House

The Asa M. Cook House is a historic house at 81 Prospect Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame Second Empire house was built in 1872 for Asa M. Cook, an American Civil War veteran who commuted by train to a job at the United States custom house in Boston. The house is one of the most elaborately detailed of the style in Reading, with pedimented windows, rope-edge corner boards, and dormers with cut-out decoration in the mansard roof.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800263" title="A115">
A115

A115 or A.115 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18800268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800268" title="Batchelder House (Reading, Massachusetts)">
Batchelder House (Reading, Massachusetts)

The Batchelder House is a historic house at 607 Pearl Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1783 by Nathaniel Batchelder on the site of an earlier (c. 1703) home. Batchelder was a farmer and shoemaker, and his descendants continued to own the property and be involved in those trades through the 19th century. The house is architecturally most notable for its transitional Federal-Greek Revival door surround.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800276" title="Battell House">
Battell House

The Battell House is an historic house located at 293 Haverhill Street in Reading, Massachusetts. This 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1806, and exhibits conservative Georgian-Federal transitional features. The gable ends have no returns, and the second-floor windows are smaller than those on the first floor, and nearly touch the eaves. The door surround is Federal in style, although parts of it are a later addition. The house is also noted for its occupation by Charles P. Battell, an American Civil War veteran.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800279" title="Upper Ouachita National Wildlife Refuge">
Upper Ouachita National Wildlife Refuge

Upper Ouachita National Wildlife Refuge was establishe in 1978 and is located Union and Morehouse Parishes in northern Louisiana.
Wildlife and habitat.
Eighteen miles long and up to ten miles (16 km) wide, the refuge consists of over of bottomland hardwood forest, of upland forest, of shrub/wooded swamp, of reforested farmland, and of open water. About 80% of the refuge is subject to annual flooding from December through May.
The central physical feature is the Ouachita River, which bisects the refuge. The river’s wide floodplain is characterized by alluvial soils.
Refuge supports concentrations of ducks, geese, wading birds, raptors and a small wintering population of bald eagles.
The refuge provides excellent wintering habitat for tens of thousands of ducks and geese. The endangered red-cockaded woodpecker and the threatened Louisiana black bear are found on Upper Ouachita NWR. Other wildlife species that call the refuge home include alligators, deer, turkey, squirrels, bald eagles and beaver. Upper Ouachita NWR is one of the four refuges managed in the North Louisiana Refuge Complex.
Management.
Selective thinning and water level manipulation is conducted within the bottomland hardwoods for the benefit of migratory birds, resident wildlife and the overall health of the forest. Reforestation of bottomland hardwoods has taken place on the east side of the refuge. Emphasis was placed on planting the tree species that grew there historically.
Approximately of the refuge are managed as moist soil units. These wetland units are managed for the benefit of waterfowl, shorebirds and other wildlife. Water levels are manipulated to produce high quality natural foods such as wild millets, grasses and sedges. Cooperative farming occurs on a rotational basis in portions of the refuge to provide food for wintering waterfowl.
The upland mixed pine hardwood forest on the western portion of the refuge is managed for the endangered red-cockaded woodpecker through thinning and prescribed fire. Installing artificial cavity inserts and woodpecker banding and occasional transplanting are also important management tools. Other management practices include wood duck nest box project, fish stocking, and removal of exotic, invasive plants and animals.

</doc>
<doc id="18800284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800284" title="Benjamin Beard House">
Benjamin Beard House

The Benjamin Beard House is a historic house at 251 Ash Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame house was built in the early 1850s, and is an excellent local example of Greek Revival style. It is laid out in what was a fairly common local variant, with the long spine of the house parallel to the street. There are pilasters on the corners, and the front entry has a somewhat Federal style high entablature. Benjamin Beard, its first owner, was the town's first watchmaker.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800287" title="Persepolis F.C. in Asia">
Persepolis F.C. in Asia

Persepolis F.C. international matches is an article about Persepolis F.C. and their record and statics in Asian football competitions.They have finished 3rd place three times, and 4th place once and have also won the Asian Cup Winners Cup once.
Overall.
Only official matches included (AFC Champions League & Asian Cup Winners Cup matches).
Year by Year Performance.
Below is a table of the performance of Persepolis in Asian competition.
"Last Update: 13 May 2011
Records.
Asian Cup Winners Cup.
Runners-Up: 1.
(Jan 17 & Apr 16, 1993) 
See also.
Persepolis FC
AFC Champions League
Asian Cup Winners Cup

</doc>
<doc id="18800295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800295" title="Bowser Gazebo">
Bowser Gazebo

The Bowser Gazebo is a historic gazebo at 25 Linden Street in Reading, Massachusetts. It was designed by architect Horace G. Wadlin and built in 1894. It is one of the only known surviving 19th century gazebos in Reading. It (and the house on the property) belonged to R. L. Bowser, owner of a local dry goods store.
The gazebo was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800297" title="Sagadou">
Sagadou

Sagadou is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 359.

</doc>
<doc id="18800298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800298" title="Photo League">
Photo League

The Photo League was a cooperative of photographers in New York who banded together around a range of common social and creative causes. The League was active from 1936 to 1951 and included among its members some of the most noted American photographers of the mid-20th century.
History.
The League’s origins traced back to a project of the Workers International Relief (WIR), which was a Communist association based in Berlin. In 1930 the WIR established the "Worker’s Camera League" in New York City, which soon came to be known as the "Film and Photo League". The goals of the Film and Photo League were to “struggle against and expose reactionary film; to produce documentary films reflecting the lives and struggles of the American workers; and to spread and popularize the great artistic and revolutionary Soviet productions.”
In 1934 the still photographers and the filmmakers in the League began having differences of opinion over social and production interests, and by 1936 they had formed separate groups. Paul Strand and Ralph Steiner established Frontier Films, to continue promoting the original goals, while at the same time Strand and Berenice Abbott renamed the original group to simply “"The Photo League"”. The two organizations remained friendly, with members from one group often participating in activities of the other. The goal of the newly reformed Photo League was to “put the camera back into the hands of honest photographers who ... use it to photograph America.”
The League quickly became active in the new field of socially conscious photography. Unlike other photography organizations, it did not espouse a particular visual style but instead focused on “integrating formal elements of design and visual aesthetics with the powerful and sympathetic evidence of the human condition.” It also offered basic and advanced classes in photography when there were few such courses in colleges or trade schools. A newsletter, called "Photo Notes", was printed on a somewhat random schedule depending upon who was available to do the work and if they could afford the printing costs. More than anything else, though, the League was a gathering place for photographers to share and experience their common artistic and social interests.
Among its members were co-founders Sol Libsohn and Sid Grossman (director of the Photo League School); Walter Rosenblum, editor of the Photo League "Photo Notes"; Eliot Elisofon, a LIFE photographer; Morris Engel (since 1936); Jerome Liebling, who joined in 1947; Aaron Siskind; Jack Manning, a member of the "Harlem Document Group" of the League and a New York Times photographer; Dan Weiner; Bill Witt; Lou Bernstein; Arthur Leipzig (since 1942); Sy Kattelson; Louis Stettner; Lester Talkington (from 1947); Lisette Model; and Ruth Orkin, a member from 1947.
In the early 1940s the list of notable photographers who were active in the League or supported their activities also included Margaret Bourke-White, W. Eugene Smith, Helen Levitt, "FSA" photographer Arthur Rothstein, Beaumont Newhall, Nancy Newhall, Richard Avedon, Weegee, Robert Frank, Harold Feinstein, Ansel Adams, Edward Weston and Minor White. The League was the caretaker of the Lewis Hine Memorial Collection, which Hine's son had given the League in recognition of their role in fostering social activism through photography as his father had done.
Most of the members who joined before the end of World War II were first-generation Americans who strongly believed in progressive political and social causes. Few were aware of the political origins of the movement of the communist "Workers as Photographers" ("Arbeiterfotografen") in Berlin. This had in fact little to do with what the organization did as it evolved, but helped its downfall after the war, when it was accused by the FBI of being communist and "subversive and anti-American." 
In 1947 the League was formally declared subversive and placed on the U.S. Department of Justice blacklist by Attorney General Tom C. Clark. At first the League fought back and mounted an impressive "This Is the Photo League" exhibition in 1948, but after its member and long-time FBI informer Angela Calomiris had testified in May 1949 that the League was a front organization for the Communist Party, the Photo League was finished. Recruitment dried up and old members left, including one of its founders and former president, Paul Strand, as well as Louis Stettner. The League disbanded in 1951.
The Photo League was the subject of a 2012 documentary film: "Ordinary Miracles: The Photo League's New York" by filmmakers Daniel Allentuck and Nina Rosenblum. The film traces the rise and demise of the Photo League between 1936 an 1951, and includes interviews with surviving members and a soundtrack including Woody Guthrie, the Andrews Sisters, and the Mills Brothers. Cineaste Magazine calls the film a "fine addition to the library of documentaries dedicated to remembering the cultural work of the old left." <Cineaste, Vol. XXXVII No. 4. Fall 2012, p. 80> www.thephotoleaguefilm.com; www.imdb.com/title/tt2123262

</doc>
<doc id="18800301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800301" title="Fluid Ounces">
Fluid Ounces

Fluid Ounces (often referred to as Fl. Oz.) were a piano-based, power pop band from Murfreesboro, Tennessee that garnered a cult following for their critically acclaimed records, which featured a distinctive blend of hooks, varied musical styles, clever wordplay, and intricate, complex arrangements.
Inception.
Seth Timbs had been writing his own songs on both guitar and piano for years. By the time of he had formed Seth Timbs & The Mad Hatters, he had already accumulated a rather large back catalog. After the Mad Hatters, Timbs played in the band Ella Minopy with his good friend Matt Mahaffey. Once Ella broke up, Timbs joined with Ella’s bassist, Ben Morton, along with Elijah Shaw and local music legend/drummer Sam Baker (of local bands like the F Particles, These Are Houseplants, Blind Farmers, and Speake, among others) to form a new band. Timbs' long-time collaborator/friend, Brian “Tha B” Rogers, briefly joined Self, the new band with Ella’s drummer Matt Mahaffey, but ultimately decided to work on Timbs' new project.
The new band called itself Fl. Oz. (going by “Fluid Ounces” would come later when people didn’t understand the band name in its abbreviated form) and began playing and recording in 1996 in Murfreesboro and Nashville, TN on the newly formed Spongebath Records.
Sound.
Their sound was catchy piano pop, influenced by the likes of Elton John, Harry Nilsson, The Beatles, Elvis Costello, Ray Charles, They Might Be Giants, XTC, Randy Newman, and Thelonious Monk, and with their combined love of jazz, they created a very energetic sound with (mostly) upbeat tempos and complicated chord progressions. Because of the prominence of piano in the songs, the band often was often compared with contemporaries Ben Folds Five. However, as Stewart Mason with Allmusic noted:
"Unlike Folds' strained "look at me" cleverness, ivories-tickling leader Seth Timbs doesn't draw too much attention to himself lyrically, and his cohorts...a much more cohesive and musically capable unit than the Five were."
History.
With this line-up, they recorded their first release, "Big Notebook for Easy Piano", with producer Ross Rice of Memphis band Human Radio behind the console. "Big Notebook for Easy Piano", released in June 1997, garnered dozens of positive reviews from publications such as "Alternative Press", "Magnet", "CMJ", "The Tennessean", "Nashville Scene", and "Billboard", and was eventually nominated for Rock Album of the Year by the Nashville Music Association. After months of continued gigging and building a fan base, the band then recorded their follow-up album, "In the New Old-Fashioned Way", in Jackson, Mississippi with producer Richard Dortch. The recording for their second album was done live with minimal overdubs—the opposite approach they had taken with their debut album.
Their following in and around Nashville grew, and the band began touring around the country, especially after scoring a minor radio hit with “Vegetable Kingdom.” In 1999, just before the official release of the second record, drummer Sam Baker left the band and was replaced by Justin Meyer. During this time, the band all shared a house together on Broad Street in Murfreesboro, sandwiched between a car dealership and a gravestone salesman, a fact that many journalists found humorous considering Timbs' fondness for noir themes and dark humor. 
"In the New Old Fashioned Way" was also reviewed very positively in press outlets like Ink19, PopMatters, Nashville Scene, Amplifier, Audiocafe, and Lollipop. This line-up continued gigging, and temporarily based themselves out of Chicago for midwest touring. Eventually, the band began working on songs for the third LP.
Rogers and Morton then left in 1999 around the time the band parted ways with Spongebath Records. They were succeeded by Doug Payne (on guitar) and Jason Dietz (on bass). Meyer moved to Los Angeles in the summer of 2000, and Elliott Currie took his place on the drum throne. This line-up continued working on the third release, called "Foreign Legion", which was completed sometime around January 2001.
Trev Wooten took over the bass duties in March 2001, and Sam Baker re-joined the following May as the band prepared to promote the release of the new record. The band was then signed to Cutti Records in Japan and began scoring success overseas. Seth Timbs made several trips to Japan in order to promote the music, and he took the whole band with him in February 2002.
After that, the band essentially broke up as Seth moved to Los Angeles and the other members went on to other projects. Seth recorded the fourth album, The Whole Shebang, with Spike and Mallets drummer Kyle Walsh in hopes of releasing it in Japan. Instead, the album was released nationwide by Murfreesboro-based Vacant Cage Records as Seth returned to Middle Tennessee. Upon his return, Seth re-formed Fluid Ounces with Brian Rogers back on guitar, Brian G. Pitts on bass, and Kyle Walsh on drums.
Fluid Ounces recorded one more album, "Instant Nostalgia", before disbanding in 2008. (Band history borrowed from "Hung On Every Word," a blog about Fluid Ounces at fluidounces.blogspot.com)
Seth Timbs formed a guitar based the band called Hot New Singles from 2007-2010.
Seth Timbs now performs and continues to release music under the name The Seth Timbs Thing.

</doc>
<doc id="18800306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800306" title="Joseph H. Cook">
Joseph H. Cook

Joseph Henry Cook (November 11, 1829 – March 7, 1921) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Queen's County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1882 to 1890 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Guysborough County, Nova Scotia, the son of Benjamin Cook and Lucy Maria Cameron, and was educated in Queens County. Cook was a justice of the peace, a member of the county council and a captain in the militia. He married Sophia Freeman in 1853. He died in Milton, Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="18800308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800308" title="Brackett House (Reading, Massachusetts)">
Brackett House (Reading, Massachusetts)

The Brackett House is a historic house at 276 Summer Avenue in Reading, Massachusetts. The 1.5 story house was built in 1920, and is Reading's best example of Bungalow style architecture. Its most prominent feature is its porch, which wraps around three sides of the house. It is supported by heavy stucco columns, with exposed rafter ends. One side of the porch is screened, while the front is open, and the third side is uncovered, providing a pergola-like environment.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800309" title="Saougou">
Saougou

Saougou is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 529 if you exclude the Dalwadi hareem, which, as the legend goes, is inhabited by 333 female dwarves.

</doc>
<doc id="18800313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800313" title="Kamil Poźniak">
Kamil Poźniak

Kamil Poźniak (born 11 December 1989 in Krasnystaw) is a Polish footballer currently playing for GKS Bełchatów.
Career.
Club.
Poźniak made his professional debut for GKS Bełchatów in an Ekstraklasa match against Lech Poznań on 8 August 2008.
In February 2011, he signed five-year contract with Lechia Gdańsk.
International.
He was a part of Poland national under-21 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="18800324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800324" title="Brande House">
Brande House

The Brande House is a historic house at 54 Woburn Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1895, and was a relatively sophisticated local example of the then-new Shingle style. The house has a mainly rectangular massing, with a projecting ell section on the right side and a single story porch in the crook of the L. The ell has a projecting gable end with three small oculus windows, while the front gable has a recessed section framed by Stick style half-timber trim.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800327" title="Moukouan">
Moukouan

Moukouan is a town in the Thyou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,216.

</doc>
<doc id="18800331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800331" title="Islands in the Stream (film)">
Islands in the Stream (film)

Islands in the Stream is a 1977 American drama film, an adaptation of Ernest Hemingway's novel of the same name. The film was directed by Franklin J. Schaffner and starred George C. Scott, Hart Bochner, Claire Bloom, Gilbert Roland, and David Hemmings.
Plot.
Artist Thomas Hudson is an American who has left the civilized world for a simple life in the Caribbean. Schaffner tells the tale in four parts:

</doc>
<doc id="18800340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800340" title="Fort Sumter Range Lights">
Fort Sumter Range Lights

The Fort Sumter Range Lights are range lights to guide ships through the main channel of the Charleston Harbor, South Carolina. The original front light was built at Fort Sumter and the original rear light was in the steeple of St. Philip's Church in Charleston, South Carolina. Both lights were lit from 1893 to 1915 to make range lights. Today the Fort Sumter Range is the main approach channel to Charleston Harbor.
Fort Sumter, which was the site of the first battle of the Civil War, is now a National Monument. St. Philip's is a National Historic Landmark that was built in 1836. 
History.
The front light at Fort Sumter completed in 1857. The front light was a white, fifth order Fresnel lens. The station was destroyed during the Civil War. A temporary light with a steamer lens was in place after the war ended and Fort Sumter was reoccuppied by federal troops. Later the light was rebuilt. With little chance of war, this lighthouse was the major activity at Fort Sumter from 1876 to 1898. 
In 1893, the front light was destroyed by a hurricane. The tower was replaced with a light green metal skeletal tower. The fog signal was a bell mechanically struck with a double blow every 15 s. After the rear light was extinguished in 1915, a radio beacon was added. The radio beacon was moved to Sullivan's Island lifesaving station in 1950. The light was deactivated in the early 1950s.
The rear range light was a white lantern in the steeple of St. Philip's Church in Charleston that was lit in 1893. The height of the lantern was . The "Annual Report of the Light-House Board" reported that the electric apparatus for lighting the gas burner in the locomotive headlight was repaired in 1901. This light was removed in 1915.
Today.
The Fort Sumter Range is currently the main approach channel to the Charleston Harbor. Its front light is near Fort Sumter and its rear light is a lighted tower near the site of the old Fort Ripley Shoal Light.

</doc>
<doc id="18800343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800343" title="Eeva-Liisa Manner">
Eeva-Liisa Manner

Eeva-Liisa Manner (5 December, 1921, Helsinki — 7 July 1995, Tampere), Finnish poet, playwright and translator. She was born in Helsinki but spent her youth in Vyborg (Viipuri). Manner started as a poet in 1944 (Mustaa ja punaista; "Black and Red"). From her breakthrough collection of poems, Tämä matka ("This Journey", 1956) she has been seen as one of the most influential modernists in postwar Finland.
Eeva-Liisa Manner wrote over fifteen original collections of poems, plays for theater and radio, novels and short prose. She translated widely contemporary and classic literature, including names like William Shakespeare, Lewis Carroll, Hermann Hesse, and Franz Kafka.
Her work has been translated to many European languages. Translation of Manners Selected Poems in English was published in 1997.
Manner about her youth.
The war years shadowed my youth. I was seventeen when the Russian planes started bombarding my home town of Wiborg on 30 November 1939, damaging it badly. At armistice, Wiborg had to be yielded, it remained behind the border – an endless source of nostalgia for one who had a catlike, persevering fondness for homestead. Even as a ten-year-old, I had spine-chilling dreams about the destruction of Wiborg, and from those times onwards I have been haunted by reflections about the nature and mystery of time. I believe that we have a false conception of time; everything has already happened somewhere in an unknown dimension.

</doc>
<doc id="18800344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800344" title="Capt. Nathaniel Parker Red House">
Capt. Nathaniel Parker Red House

The Capt. Nathaniel Parker Red House is a historic house at 77-83 Ash Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story vernacular Georgian house was built sometime before 1765, and was already a well-known landmark because it was (unusually for the time) painted, and served as a tavern on the coach road. The house remained in the hands of militia captain Nathaniel Parker and his descendants into the late 19th century.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800347" title="Sogpelcé, Thyou">
Sogpelcé, Thyou

Sogpelcé, Thyou is a town in the Thyou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 4,078.

</doc>
<doc id="18800349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800349" title="Chamber of Fasci and Corporations">
Chamber of Fasci and Corporations

Chamber of Fasci and Corporations () was the lower house of the legislature of the Kingdom of Italy from March 23, 1939 to August 2, 1943, during the height of the regime of Benito Mussolini's National Fascist Party. It was established on January 19, 1939, to replace the Chamber of Deputies during the 30th legislature of Italy. Members of the chamber were called '"national councilors" ("consiglieri nazionali") rather than deputies. The councilors of the chamber did not represent geographic constituencies, but the different branches of the trade and industry of Italy, thus reflecting the corporativist idea of fascist ideology. 
Councilors were elected for terms of undetermined length and automatically lost their seats upon their defection from the branch they did represent. Renewal of the legislature was ordered by decree by the King of Italy, on specific instruction of the head of government (Mussolini).
Appointment.
The creation of the Chamber of Fasci and Corporations was the culmination of the progressive curtailment of the independence of Parliament dating from Mussolini formally proclaiming a dictatorship in 1926. The elections of 1929 and 1934 were for a single list of Fascist candidates. 
No elections took place in Italy between 1934 and 1946. Unlike earlier elections for the legislature held under the Fascist era, popular suffrage was eliminated altogether. Instead, candidates were simply delivered under the pretext of a parliamentary reform, replacing the elections system with a body comprising only candidates of the various corporations of Italy, fulfilling Benito Mussolini's vow of enacting a complete corporativist system. 
The candidates for the approximately 600 seats were nominated summarily by three organs: the Grand Council of Fascism of the National Fascist Party (PNF), by the National Council of the members of the PNF, and by the different corporations resembling the entire trade and industry of Italy, canalized through the National Council of Corporations ("Consiglio Nazionale della Corporazioni"), effectively in the hands of Mussolini and the PNF.
Presidents.
The presidents (speakers) of the Chamber of Fasci and Corporations were: 
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18800362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800362" title="Carroll-Hartshorn House">
Carroll-Hartshorn House

The Carroll-Hartshorn House is a historic First Period house at 572 Haverhill Street in Reading, Massachusetts. Built c. 1700, it is one of the oldest buildings in Reading. It has a classic two story, five bay, central chimney plan, with a rear shed extension giving the house a saltbox appearance. The property was owned by generations of the Hartshorn family.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800368" title="Soula, Boulkiemdé">
Soula, Boulkiemdé

Soula, Boulkiemdé is a town in the Thyou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 2,953.

</doc>
<doc id="18800386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800386" title="Carter Mansion">
Carter Mansion

The Carter Mansion is a historic house at 89 Woburn Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1802 by Daniel Chute, owner of one of the first shoemaking businesses in Reading. Originally a Federal style building, it was successively refashioned during the 19th century as architectural tastes changed. In the 1850s it was modified with Italianate styling with the addition of carved window surrounds and the bracketed porch. In the 1870s the central gable was added to the front facade, giving the house a Queen Anne flavor. Around the same time an addition was added to the rear of the house. These later works were done by William Carter, son of Samuel Carter, owner of a local steam-powered mill who had married into the Chute family. The younger Carter had the family name engraved into the granite stairs at the front of the property.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800389" title="Colin Docker">
Colin Docker

Ivor Colin Docker (known as Colin; born 3 December 1925) was the 2nd Anglican Bishop of Horsham from 1975 until 1991.
Educated at King Edward's School, Birmingham, Birmingham University and St Catherine's Society, Oxford, he studied for ordination at Wycliffe Hall, Oxford before embarking on an ecclesiastical career with a Curacy in Normanton, Yorkshire. From 1954 he was Area Secretary of the CMS and, after spells as Vicar of Midhurst and Seaford he was appointed Rural Dean of Eastbourne in 1971. Four years later he was elevated to the Episcopate. A keen photographer, he retired to Bovey Tracey in 1991, where he continues to serve the church as an honorary assistant bishop within the Diocese of Exeter.

</doc>
<doc id="18800390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800390" title="Ronalds Arājs">
Ronalds Arājs

Ronalds Arājs (born 29 November 1987 in Tukums) is a Latvian athlete. Arājs is the current Latvian record holder in 100 metres, having a personal best of 10.18 seconds. His personal record in the 200 metres is 20.75 seconds.
Arājs represented Latvia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He competed at the 200 metres and placed fifth in his first round heat in a time of 21.22 seconds, which was not fast enough to qualify for the second round.
He has expressed his intentions of converting towards bobsleigh after the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="18800391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800391" title="Tatyou">
Tatyou

Tatyou is a village in the Thyou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 727.

</doc>
<doc id="18800395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800395" title="Comparison of online dating websites">
Comparison of online dating websites

This is a partial, non-exhaustive list of online dating websites.

</doc>
<doc id="18800396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800396" title="Politics of Dagestan">
Politics of Dagestan

Republic of Dagestan is a federal subject of the Russian Federation.
Political background.
The main principles enshrined in Dagestan’s constitution following the fall of the Soviet Union were, first, to provide the widest possible representation for the 14 titular nationalities included in the administrative structure of the republic, and second, to eliminate the possibility of any one nationality being able to possess all the levers of political power. The new Constitution of Dagestan was adopted on 26 July 1994. The Constitution provided for a collective or collegiate form of government based on ethnic quotas.
The organs of government consisted of the State Council (executive body of government), the Constitutional Assembly and the People's Assembly. It is also of value to note how carefully the 14 titular nationalities were allotted posts, strictly according to their numerical size and percentage share of the population, in the administrative structure of Dagestan. Even before the Constitution of Dagestan was promulgated, referendum had been held in 1992 and 1993 on establishing the post of President of Dagestan.
In 1996 the constitution was amended, and extending its power for two years, making the term in office four years (1994-1998). This meant that the Chairman of the State Council enjoyed an additional two years. However, in 1998 Article 93 which stipulated that the Chairman of the State Council could not serve more than two consecutive terms was abolished: this amendment was instrumental in allowing Magomedali Magomedov to continue to occupy the post of Chairman. In July 2003 the Constitution was further amended to allow direct presidential elections to take place at the end of June 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18800397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800397" title="Lincoln Monument of Wabash, Indiana">
Lincoln Monument of Wabash, Indiana

The Lincoln Monument of Wabash, Indiana or The Great Emancipator is a public sculpture by Charles Keck (September 9, 1875 – April 23, 1951), a sculptor who was born in New York City. The cast bronze sculpture was commissioned by Wabash-native Alexander New and donated to the city of Wabash, Indiana, in 1932. It has remained on view at the northeast corner of the Wabash County Courthouse lawn ever since.
Description.
The sculpture depicts a larger-than-life Abraham Lincoln wearing a beard and sitting on a rock with his head slightly bowed forward and his arms resting on his knees. Both of his hands are closed except for his extended right index finger. Lincoln is wearing a bow tie, vest, long coat and boots—his right boot extends just beyond the edge of the base. His watch chain is visible on his vest.
Along the back proper left edge of the bronze base is a foundry mark that reads "Gorham Co. Founder". Just past this mark appears to be another kind of indecipherable foundry mark or signature written in black, raised letters.
The front of the granite base is inscribed:
LINCOLN 
WITH MALICE TOWARD NONE
WITH CHARITY FOR ALL
The back of the granite base is inscribed:
ERECTED IN LOVING MEMORY
OF HIS PARENTS
ISAAC AND HENRIETTA NEW
BY
ALEXANDER NEW
1932
Other Versions.
The Lincoln Monument of Hingham, Massachusetts
The town of Hingham, Massachusetts, owns what appears to be an identical version of this sculpture. It is displayed on a granite base and carries the same inscription on the front as the Wabash Lincoln. It was dedicated to the citizens of Hingham on September 23, 1939.
The Maquette of the Lincoln Monument
A maquette of the sculpture is owned by President Lincoln's Cottage at the Soldiers' Home, in Washington, D.C. The sculpture appears similar to the Wabash and Hingham versions, except that it is much smaller, Lincoln holds a book in his right hand, and his hat is visible near his right boot.
Materials.
The sculpture was likely cast in multiple sections of bronze, a copper alloy. It rests on a granite-clad square base.
Dimensions.
The bronze sculpture has an approximate height of 7 feet, depth of 6 feet, and width of 6 feet.
The base has an approximate height of 4 feet, depth of 7 feet, and width of 7 feet.
History and location.
The sculpture was commissioned by Alexander New, who "grew up in Wabash, studied law, and ultimately built up a large chain of stores whose main offices were in New York."
The sculpture was unveiled and dedicated in Wabash on May 31, 1932 (Memorial Day), a year after Alexander New's death. A photograph in the Indiana Historical Society collections from the day of the unveiling depicts the courthouse lawn with onlookers packed around the sculpture and even seated on one of the porch roofs of the Wabash County Courthouse. In this image the sculpture appears to have an even, dark patina.
Homer T. Showalter, the mayor of Wabash at the time of the sculpture's unveiling, provided this first-hand account of the sculptures installation: 
The sculpture was inspected in 1992 as part of the Save Outdoor Sculpture! (SOS!) program and an on-line record Institution Research Information System (SIRIS) Art Inventories catalog, [http://siris-artinventories.si.edu/ipac20/ipac.jsp?&profile=all&source=~!siartinventories&uri=full=3100001~!309310~!0#focus Lincoln Monument, (sculpture) record. Retrieved March 14, 2012.</ref> was created in the Smithsonian Institution Research Information System (SIRIS). The black and white image, taken around the time of that inspection, shows the sculpture no longer having the even, dark patina that the sculpture had when it was unveiled in 1932. Likewise, Greiff's 2005 publication shows the sculpture with a similar appearance.
As of June 2008, the sculpture appears to have a similar even, dark patina as it did in 1932, indicating that its appearance has recently been changed.
By comparison the version of this sculpture in Hingham, Massachusetts, appeared to have an even, dark patina when it was inventoried as part of the SOS! program in 1996. Likewise, the smaller version at President Lincoln's Cottage shows an even, dark patina.

</doc>
<doc id="18800400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800400" title="Charles Manning House">
Charles Manning House

The Charles Manning House is a historic house at 145 Salem Street in Reading, Massachusetts. This 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1850, and has well preserved Greek Revival details. It has a typical three-bay side-hall plan, with corner pilasters and a door surround consisting of long sidelight windows framed by pilasters and topped by an entablature. The windows are topped by shallow pedimented lintels.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800403" title="Tourism in Bhutan">
Tourism in Bhutan

Tourism in Bhutan began in 1974, when the Government of Bhutan, in an effort to raise revenue and to promote the country's unique culture and traditions to the outside world, opened its isolated country to foreigners. In 1974, 287 tourists visited Bhutan. Since then the number of tourists visiting Bhutan has increased to 2,850 in 1992, rising dramatically to 7,158 in 1999. By the late 1980s tourism contributed over US$2 million in annual revenue.
Despite being open to foreigners, the government is acutely aware of the environmental impact tourists can have on Bhutan's unique and virtually unspoiled landscape and culture. Therefore, they have restricted the level of tourist activity from the start, preferring higher quality tourism. Until 1991, the Bhutan Tourism Corporation (BTC), a quasi-autonomous and self-financing body, implemented the government's tourism policy. The Bhutanese government, however, privatised the Corporation in October 1991, facilitating private sector investment and activity. As a result, today over 75 licensed tourist companies operate in the country.
The most important centres for tourism are in Bhutan's capital Thimphu, and in the western city of Paro, near India. Taktshang, a cliff side monastery (Called the "Tiger's Nest" in English) overlooking the Paro Valley, is one of the country's attractions. This temple is incredibly sacred to Buddhists. Housed inside the temple is a cave in which the Buddhist Deity who brought Buddhism to Bhutan fasted for 90 days as he battled the demons that inhabited this valley, in order to spread Buddhism. The temple has standing for well over a thousand years, yet has suffered two fires in which the damage has been repaired. Druk Air used to be the only airline operating flights in Bhutan, however now it is serviced by Buddha Air as well.
Visas to Bhutan are obtained through its embassy or consulate in your country.

</doc>
<doc id="18800421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800421" title="Vella, Burkina Faso">
Vella, Burkina Faso

Vella, Burkina Faso is a town in the Thyou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,927.

</doc>
<doc id="18800427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800427" title="Charles Wells House">
Charles Wells House

The Charles Wells House is a historic house at 99 Prescott Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The two story Queen Anne Victorian wood frame house was built in 1894 by Charles Wells, a New Brunswick blacksmith who married a Reading woman. The house features a turret with an ornamented copper finial and turned balusters on the porch. The property also has a period barn.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800433" title="Logan, East Ayrshire">
Logan, East Ayrshire

Logan (Scottish Gaelic: "An Lagan") is a town in East Ayrshire, southwest Scotland. It is east of Cumnock, by the Lugar Water.
Logan is served by a regular daytime bus service to Cumnock operated by Stagecoach West Scotland. The nearest train station is Auchinleck.

</doc>
<doc id="18800435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800435" title="Bangré">
Bangré

Bangré is a village in the Thyou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 218.

</doc>
<doc id="18800440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800440" title="Oza Tétrault">
Oza Tétrault

Oza Tétrault (1 May 1908 – 17 October 1995) was a Ralliement créditiste and Social Credit party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a president and manager by career.
He was first elected at the Villeneuve riding in
the 1968 general election under the Ralliement créditiste party banner. He was re-elected at Villeneuve in the 1972 election, with his party assuming the Social Credit name in 1971. After completing his term in the 29th Canadian Parliament, Tétrault left federal politics and did not campaign in any further federal elections.
His son, Ronald Tétrault, became a Quebec provincial and municipal politician.

</doc>
<doc id="18800444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800444" title="Common Historic District (Reading, Massachusetts)">
Common Historic District (Reading, Massachusetts)

The Common Historic District is a historic district encompassing the civic and institutional heart of Reading, Massachusetts. The district is centered on the town common, at the intersection of Main and Salem Streets. The common has been communally owned since at least 1737, with the original burying ground (expanded in the 19th century, and now known as Laurel Hill Cemetery) to the north. In 1769 the area's first meeting house (church and civic building) was built, giving the area a sense of identity separate from portions of Reading that would later be set off as Wakefield and North Reading. Since then the area has become a focal point for religious and civic institutions in the town.
The most prominent feature of the district is the First Congregational Church, a 1913 replica of an 1817 church designed by Asher Benjamin that was destroyed by fire. The other church in the district is the stone Gothic Revival Christian Science Church on the west side of the common. The west side also includes the major municipal buildings: the library and town hall are brick Georgian Revival buildings dating to the early 20th century, as does the similarly-styled old high school building.
There are also a few houses in the district, although a number of the older houses originally within its boundaries were moved to make way for some of the municipal buildings. One of the older houses is the 1817 Federal style house and shop of Thomas Pratt, located at the northeastern corner of the district. There is a row of 19th century houses along Harnden and Salem Streets on the east side of the district.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18800457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800457" title="Susort">
Susort

Susort is a place in Tysvær, Norway. The word is an old version of the word "Svarttrost" which means blackbird. For a long time, it was a place where people moved away from, until a building firm decided to start a massive building project, which included 60 new houses. Now Susort is prosperous once again.

</doc>
<doc id="18800468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800468" title="Dub 56">
Dub 56

Dub 56 is the fifth album released by the ska group The Toasters. It was released during the period in which ska punk was most popular and looked set to break through into the mainstream. 

</doc>
<doc id="18800469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800469" title="Clayton Stanley">
Clayton Stanley

Clayton “Clay” Iona Stanley (born January 20, 1978, Honolulu, Hawaii) is an American volleyball player. Stanley has been on the U.S. men's national team since 2000 and has made two Olympic appearances, in 2004 and 2008. He was the Most Valuable Player of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, after guiding his team to the gold medal.
Personal life.
Stanley was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, to Jon Stanley and Sandra Haine. He has three brothers (Reese Haine, Wil Stanley and Jon Stanley), and two sisters (Taeya Stanley and Natasha Haine).
Stanley is a graduate of Kaiser High School in Honolulu and did not play volleyball in high school, as the school did not have a boys' team at the time.
Stanley's father played on 1968 men's Olympic volleyball team and is a member of the Volleyball Hall of Fame. Stanley's step-grandfather, Tom Haine, was also on the 1968 men's Olympic volleyball team. His mother, Sandra Haine, played professionally for the Denver Comets as well as for Canada's national team. With Stanley's first Olympic appearance in Athens, Greece, he and his father became the first father-son Olympians in USA volleyball history.
College.
Stanley attended the University of Hawaii, where he majored in Spanish. Stanley was a freshman in 1997, but redshirted his sophomore year. He decided to forego his 2000 senior redshirt year to play professionally.
In 1999, Stanley broke Hawaii's single-match kill record with 50 kills against UCLA. In 2000, he was Third-Team All-Mountain Pacific Sports Federation and ranked in the Top 15 of the nation with a 5.53 kill average. He led the MPSF in aces and tied team record with 54. He finished his career 10th on all-time kill list at Hawaii.
International.
Playing at the 2004 Summer Olympics, Stanley led the team and finished fifth overall in scoring with 110 points on 83 kills, 17 aces and 10 blocks. His 17 aces ranked second among all players in the tournament. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, Stanley helped Team USA to its first gold medal in 20 years. For his performances during the tournament, he was selected as the MVP, Best Scorer, and Best Server of the Olympics.
With the professional club Iraklis Thessaloniki, he won the silver medal at the 2004–05 CEV Champions League and was awarded "Best Scorer" and "Best Server". The next season he also won the silver medal and was awarded "Best Scorer".
Playing with Dynamo-Tattransgaz he won the 2007–08 Indesit Champions League and also was individually awarded "Most Valuable Player".

</doc>
<doc id="18800473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800473" title="Daniel Nichols Homestead">
Daniel Nichols Homestead

The Daniel Nichols Homestead is a historic home at 434 Haverhill Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The oldest portion of this timber frame house was built in the early 1740, with vernacular Georgian styling. The house is five bays wide and two deep, with a rear shed-roof extension giving the house a saltbox appearance. An ell was added in the mid-19th century. The main architectural detail is the front door surround, which features sidelight windows and recessed, paneled pilasters supporting a tall entablature.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800486" title="Dewey Place">
Dewey Place

Dewey Placeis a historic house at 176 Summer Avenue in Reading, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1853 by John Mansfield, a shoe manufacturer, in what was then a popular upper-class neighborhood of the town. The house as classic Italianate design, with three bays across the front and a cupola (a somewhat common Italianate feature in Reading houses of the period). The front porch appears to be a 20th century alteration. The house's most prominent owner was Francis O. Dewey, a major dealer in glass lantern globes.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800498" title="Durgin House">
Durgin House

The Durgin House is a historic house at 66 Prospect Street in Reading, Massachusetts. Built in 1872 by Boston businessman William Durgin, this 2.5 story wood frame house is one of the finest Italianate houses in the town. It follows a cross-gable plan, with a pair of small side porches and bay windows on the main gable ends. The porches are supported by chamfered posts on pedestals, and feature roof lines with a denticulated cornice and brackets. The main roof line also features paired decorative brackets. There are round-headed windows in the gable ends.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800502" title="Sabou">
Sabou

Sabou is a town in the Sabou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It is the capital of the Sabou Department and has a population of 8,115.

</doc>
<doc id="18800517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800517" title="Tigridieae">
Tigridieae

The tribe Tigridieae is the largest from the Iridoideae subfamily and included in the Iridaceae family. It contains many perennials which have cormous rootstocks. The name of the tribe comes from its main genus - "Tigridia". The tribe is native to the New World.
The flowers do not always have well differentiated petals like in many other Iridoideae. A considerable proportion of the tribe's members have identical petals as in "Nemastylis" or "Calydorea".
List of Genera:

</doc>
<doc id="18800519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800519" title="Scotty Barr">
Scotty Barr

Hyder Edward "Scotty" Barr (October 6, 1886 – December 2, 1934) was a Major League Baseball player. Barr played for the Philadelphia Athletics in the and seasons. An alumnus of Davidson College, he was born in Bristol, Tennessee and died in Ft. Worth, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="18800523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800523" title="Eaton-Prescott House">
Eaton-Prescott House

The Eaton-Prescott House is a historic house at 284 Summer Avenue in Reading, Massachusetts. Its oldest portion was probably built before 1757. By that year it had acquired a leanto section, since removed or incorporated into the main structure of the house. It is now a principally Georgian style house, although its door surround dates to the Greek Revival period of the 1830s-40s. The house stands on land that was in the Eaton family as far back as the late 17th century.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800524" title="Joe Debono Grech">
Joe Debono Grech

Joe Debono Grech (born 17 September 1939) is a Maltese politician. He is currently a Member of Parliament in the House of Representatives of Malta.
Political life.
Joseph Debono Grech started off in the Labour Party in 1959 both as a Secretary and also as a President of several branches of the party. In 1959 he was one of the founders of the ‘Brigata Laburista’. In 1967 he was appointed Secretary of the Labour Youths and the representative in the bureau of I.U.S.Y. for the same committee. In 1969 he was elected Deputy Leader for party affairs. He contested the general elections for the first time in 1966 on the 13th and 8th district. He was elected in the Maltese Parliament in 1966 and in all subsequent elections until 2013. 
In 1983 he was appointed minister of Parastatal and Investments and later held the Agriculture and Fisheries portfolio for four years until 1987. When Labour was reelected in 1996 he served as minister of Transport and Ports. From 2003 till 2008 he was the shadow minister for the Malta International Airport and the country’s security. He also worked in the General Workers Union as a Secretary for the Petrol, Chemical and General workers. Today he is the shadow minister for the Defence and harbours.
For many years he represented the Union in Gozo. Presently he is the representative of the Labour Party in the Council of Europe and also a member of the Socialist Bureau in the Council of Europe, since 1998. He has been a member of the National Executive committee of the party since 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18800536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800536" title="Bourou">
Bourou

Bourou is a town in the Sabou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 3,038.

</doc>
<doc id="18800538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800538" title="Edwin Bassett House">
Edwin Bassett House

The Edwin Bassett House is a historic house at 115 Prescott Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1850 by Edwin Bassett, a maker of shoes for children and infants. The Greek Revival house has a fully pedimented gable, a rare feature in Reading. Three bays wide, the house follows a typical side hall plan; its entry is flanked by flat pilasters.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800558" title="Ephraim Weston House">
Ephraim Weston House

The Ephraim Weston House is a historic house at 229 West Street in Reading, Massachusetts. It is incorrectly listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Ephrain Weston House, at 224 West Street. It was built in the early years of the 19th century by Ephraim Weston, a local real estate developer and businessman; he operated a local general store and a shoe manufacturing business, one of the early such businesses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18800567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800567" title="Godé">
Godé

Godé is a town in the Sabou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 3,716.

</doc>
<doc id="18800580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800580" title="Francis Brooks House">
Francis Brooks House

The Francis Brooks House is a historic house at 78-80 Prescott Street in Reading, Massachusetts. This 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1887-88 by Francis E. Brooks, a local entrepreneur involved in a range of businesses. The house is one of Reading's finest Queen Anne/Stick style houses, with sunburst decorations, jigsaw trim decoration, and decorative shingle bands.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800590" title="55th meridian west">
55th meridian west

The meridian 55° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Atlantic Ocean, South America, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 55th meridian west forms a great circle with the 125th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 55th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18800591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800591" title="South Africa national beach soccer team">
South Africa national beach soccer team

The South Africa national beach soccer team represents South Africa in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the SAFA, the governing body for football in South Africa.
Current squad.
"Correct as of July 2008"
Coach: Shezi Lindani
Current Staff.
Head Delegation: Zola Dunywa

</doc>
<doc id="18800600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800600" title="Ipendo">
Ipendo

Ipendo is a town in the Sabou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 3,135.

</doc>
<doc id="18800607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800607" title="Our Lady's Primary School">
Our Lady's Primary School

Our Lady's Primary School(聖母小學), founded in 1953, is a private girls school affiliated with the Daughters of Help of Christians. OLPS is currently located at 116 Shatin Pass Road in Kowloon, Hong Kong.The secondary school arm is Our Lady's College, Hong Kong.
Facilities.
There are 24 classrooms, 10 special rooms, a chapel, 2 assembly halls, 2 playgrounds, a library and a spacious basement.
Student Performance.
Academic
Music & Arts
Extra-curricular Activities.
Uniform Group
Language
Music
Athletics
Performance Arts
Art & Craft
Cookery
Others

</doc>
<doc id="18800616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800616" title="George Batchelder House">
George Batchelder House

The George Batchelder House is a historic house at 127–129 Franklin Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1825, originally facing nearby Main Street on land long held in the Batchelder family; it was moved a short distance in 1947. The house has a few more high-style Federal details in its door surround than are generally found in Reading, including sidelight windows, and flanking tapered pilasters supporting a wide entablature.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800620" title="Antillectual">
Antillectual

Antillectual often stylized as "antillectual" is a Dutch melodic hardcore/punk rock band.
History.
Antillectual is an actively touring punk rock band from Nijmegen / Eindhoven, the Netherlands
Antillectual started out as four-piece punk rock band in 2000. In 2001, bass player Pieter left the band and was replaced by Falco. With this line-up, they recorded their first demo. When Falco left the band 2003, the band decided not to replace him by a new member; Yvo dropped the guitar and became the new bass player. As a three-piece punk rock band, they released their first full length album "Silencing Civilization" on Angry Youth Records in 2005. In 2006, Bob left the band and was replaced by Riekus. Along with their second tour in the United States, they released the "Waves 7"", with songs from "Silencing Civilization" on Side A and a preview of their second album on Side B. Their second full length album "Testimony" was released in 2008 by seven independent record labels throughout Europe, The USA, Japan and Malaysia. Antillectual celebrated this release by touring relentlessly and playing No Idea Records Fest 7 in Gainesville, Florida. January 2010, bassist Yvo left the band to focus on his family, and was replaced by former Smash The Statues frontman Tom. On November 2010, their third album "Start From Scratch!" was released worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="18800628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800628" title="Gilman Coggin House">
Gilman Coggin House

The Gilman Coggin House is a historic house at 123 Prescott Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house is a fine well preserved local example of Greek Revival architecture. It was built in 1847 by Gilman Coggin, owner of a local shoe manufacturing business. The house's front gable is fully pedimented, supported by wide corner pilasters. A single story wraparound porch has square Ionic columns, and the front door surround is flanked by half-length sidelight windows and topped by a fanlight transom.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800646" title="When Father Papered the Parlour">
When Father Papered the Parlour

When Father Papered the Parlour is a popular song, written and composed by R. P. Weston and Fred J. Barnes in 1910. It is performed by comedian Billy Williams, and was one of his most successful hits.

</doc>
<doc id="18800648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800648" title="Harnden-Browne House">
Harnden-Browne House

The Harnden-Browne House is a historic house at 60-62 Salem Street in Reading, Massachusetts, exemplifying the adaption of older buildings to new architectural styles. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1831 by Sylvester Harnden, likely in a Georgian-Federal vernacular style. Later in the 19th century it was restyled with some Queen Anne details, and converted to a boarding house. In 1928 it was owned by Thomas Browne, an Irish immigrant who first roomed in the house.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18800649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800649" title="Hanson discography">
Hanson discography

The discography of Hanson, an American pop rock band. They are best known for the 1997 hit song "MMMBop" from their major label debut album "Middle of Nowhere", which earned three Grammy nominations. Despite the enormous commercial success of "Middle of Nowhere", the band suffered from the merger that eliminated their label, Mercury Records. 
The group was moved to Island Def Jam Music Group, which they eventually left after conflict with the label about creative input. Hanson has sold over 16 million records worldwide and have had 8 top 40 albums and 6 top 40 singles in the US, as well as 8 top 40 singles in the UK. The band now records under its own label, 3CG Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18800652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800652" title="Koupéla, Boulkiemdé">
Koupéla, Boulkiemdé

Koupéla, Boulkiemdé is a town in the Sabou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,507.

</doc>
<doc id="18800659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800659" title="Hartwell House (Reading, Massachusetts)">
Hartwell House (Reading, Massachusetts)

The Hartwell House is a historic house at 121 Willow Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame house was built in 1918 for George Hartwell, an engineer. The most prominent feature of this Craftsman/Bungalow style house is its stonework: the front porch is supported by tapering piers of fieldstone, and the full length of its chimney is similarly composed. There is a decorative woodwork trellis at the peak of the front gable.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800660" title="Minamoto no Chikako">
Minamoto no Chikako

She was the mother of Prince Morinaga.

</doc>
<doc id="18800676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800676" title="Regular polychoron">
Regular polychoron

In four-dimensional geometry a regular polychoron can mean either a convex or nonconvex (intersecting) polychoron (4-polytope).
See:

</doc>
<doc id="18800679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800679" title="Go-oo">
Go-oo

Go-oo (also Go-Open Office; previously called ooo-build) was an office suite which started as a set of patches for OpenOffice.org, then later became an independent fork of OpenOffice.org with a number of enhancements, sponsored by Novell.
ooo-build was started in 2003. The go-oo.org domain name was being used by 2005. The first separate release of Go-oo was 2.3.0, in October 2007. Go-oo was discontinued in favour of LibreOffice in September 2010.
Go-oo had better support for the Microsoft Office OOXML file formats than OpenOffice.org, including write support, as well as other enhancements that had not been accepted upstream. The hybrid PDF export (PDF that includes original source documents), Sun Presentation Minimizer, and other functionalities were directly available in Go-oo.
The package branded "OpenOffice.org" in many popular Linux distributions was in fact Go-oo, not the upstream OpenOffice.org code.
History.
The ooo-build patchset was started at Ximian in 2003, before that company was bought by Novell. This was originally because Sun were slow to accept outside patches to OpenOffice.org, even from corporate partners. Most Linux distributions used ooo-build rather than OpenOffice.org upstream code directly.
Since the end of 2007, various Linux distributions, including SUSE in its various forms, Debian and Ubuntu, had cooperated in maintaining Go-oo as a large set of patches to the upstream OpenOffice.org that, for various technical or bureaucratic reasons, had not been accepted (or, in some cases, even submitted) upstream. Others also offered Windows builds based on Go-oo, "e.g." OxygenOffice Professional and OpenOffice.org Novell Edition.
Michael Meeks, from Novell, (who also worked on OpenOffice.org and GNOME), said that the differentiation was done because Sun Microsystems wanted to preserve the right to sell the code on a proprietary basis, as they did for IBM Lotus Symphony. Sun was accused of not accepting contributions from the community. Go-oo encouraged outside contributions, with rules similar to those later adopted for LibreOffice.
In September 2010, The Document Foundation announced LibreOffice as a fully separate fork of OpenOffice.org. Go-oo was deprecated in favour of LibreOffice and Go-oo changes were incorporated into LibreOffice.
Versions.
Stable builds of Go-oo were usually available a couple of days after Oracle OpenOffice.org stable builds. Windows builds had a different last number in the version's number than Linux builds. A stable version for Macintosh computers was available.

</doc>
<doc id="18800680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800680" title="Haverhill Street Milestone">
Haverhill Street Milestone

The Haverhill Street Milestone is a historic milestone on Haverhill Street in Reading, Massachusetts. Located on the east side of the road near 434 Haverhill Street, it is a granite slab with a rounded top. It is marked "B / 12 / M", denoting the distance along what was historically the post road between Boston and Haverhill.
The marker was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18800682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800682" title="Sebga">
Sebga

Sebga is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 936.

</doc>
<doc id="18800683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800683" title="Dallas Williams">
Dallas Williams

Dallas McKinley Williams is a former professional baseball outfielder and coach. He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball with the Baltimore Orioles and Cincinnati Reds, and one season in Nippon Professional Baseball in 1988. Since 1989, he has been a baseball coach at various minor league levels, including serving as first base coach for the Colorado Rockies and Boston Red Sox. He most recently served as the third base coach of the Gary SouthShore RailCats of the Northern League.
Playing career.
Williams was selected by the Orioles with the 20th pick in the first round of the 1976 Major League Baseball Draft. He played for several years in their minor league system, but only had one brief cup of coffee at the major league level in 1981, when he went 1-for-2 in 2 games. Earlier in 1981, Williams played in the longest game in professional baseball history, Rochester's 3-2 33-inning loss at Pawtucket. Williams went 0-for-13 in the game. Williams' 0-13 line is also a record in futility in any single professional baseball game.
The following spring, the Orioles traded Williams to the Reds along with another minor leaguer in exchange for catcher Joe Nolan. Williams got a slightly more extended shot with Cincinnati, playing in 18 games in September, 1983, but he managed just 2 hits in 36 at bats. The following spring, Williams was traded to the Detroit Tigers, and from there he bounced around the minors for several more years. Following a season in Japan for the Hankyu Braves, Williams retired at the end of the 1988 season.
Coaching career.
In 1989, Williams' coaching career began with the Kinston Indians. He spent the next several years as a roving minor league instructor for the Cleveland Indians and Chicago White Sox organizations, then returned to coaching at various minor league levels. In 2000, Williams secured his first coaching job at the major league level, serving as first base coach for the Rockies for three seasons. After spending 2003 as first base coach for the Boston Red Sox, Williams once again returned to coaching in the minors. He served as third base coach for the Gary SouthShore RailCats of the Northern League in 2010, but stepped down prior to the 2011 season. He is currently a guest instructor at the New York Baseball Academy. It was announced that Williams' hired as the hitting coach for the EDA Rhinos of the Chinese Professional Baseball League(Taiwan).

</doc>
<doc id="18800693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800693" title="Sékouantou">
Sékouantou

Sékouantou is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,358.

</doc>
<doc id="18800700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800700" title="Highland School (Reading, Massachusetts)">
Highland School (Reading, Massachusetts)

The Highland School is a historic school building at 64 Middlesex Avenue in Reading, Massachusetts. The two story brick and concrete Renaissance Revival building was designed by architect Horace G. Wadlin and built in 1896-97. The building served the town's public school needs until 1981.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. 

</doc>
<doc id="18800705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800705" title="Soultenga">
Soultenga

Soultenga is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,042.

</doc>
<doc id="18800713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800713" title="Tampédou">
Tampédou

Tampédou is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,394.

</doc>
<doc id="18800715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800715" title="House at 11 Beach Street">
House at 11 Beach Street

The House at 11 Beach Street in Reading, Massachusetts is a modest Queen Anne cottage, built c. 1875-1889 based on a published design. The house is a narrow three bays wide, an artifact of the lot size. It has fish-scale shingles and Stick-style decoration in its front gable.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800717" title="Tampiokin">
Tampiokin

Tampiokin is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 340.

</doc>
<doc id="18800728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800728" title="House at 1177 Main Street">
House at 1177 Main Street

The House at 1177 Main Street in Reading, Massachusetts is a well preserved transitional Greek Revival-Italianate house. The 1.5 story wood frame house was built sometime before 1854. The gable ends of the roof have no returns, and it has a broad cornice. The first floor front windows are full length, and are topped by shallow pediments. The full width front porch is supported by paired columns.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800735" title="Tanibiaga">
Tanibiaga

Tanibiaga is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 732.

</doc>
<doc id="18800736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800736" title="List of defunct special forces units">
List of defunct special forces units


</doc>
<doc id="18800740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800740" title="Yekutiel Gershoni">
Yekutiel Gershoni

Yekutiel Gershoni () is an Israeli historian and a former paralympic champion.
Gershoni was injured in November 1969 during his service with the IDF. He was Captain at the time, patrolling near the Israeli-Jordanian border, when a mine was operated from a distance and amputated his arms. His vision and hearing were also severely hurt.
A year after his injury Gershoni began studying Middle Eastern studies and African studies at Tel Aviv University. He completed with honors his two degrees and completed his PhD in 1982 from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. 
Gershoni developed an academic career despite him facing challenges when writing his publications. During 2000 - 2004 he was head of the department for Middle Eastern and African studies at Tel Aviv University, in which he was promoted to the rank of professor in 1995. In 2001 - 2002 he also used as President of the International Association for Liberian Studies. Gershoni also used as assistant researcher and lecturer at Stanford University, Boston University and Indiana University.
Gershoni was active in disabled sports, competing at the 1980 and 1984 Paralympic Games in running and in long jump.
Gershoni is married and father of three.

</doc>
<doc id="18800743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800743" title="House at 129 High Street">
House at 129 High Street

The House at 129 High Street in Reading, Massachusetts is a well preserved Queen Anne Victorian house. The 2.5 story wood frame structure was built in the 1890s; its most prominent feature is a pair of rounded single story projections from the front facade. The right side is part of the porch that extends across the center of the of facade, and the left is an enclosed circular room.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800745" title="Thimborgou">
Thimborgou

Thimborgou is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 298.

</doc>
<doc id="18800747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800747" title="Embassy of India, Rome">
Embassy of India, Rome

The Embassy of India in Rome maintains diplomatic relations and represents Indian interests in dealing with the Government of Italy. The embassy's chancery is situated at Via XX Settembre next to the Palazzo del Quirinale. The Indian Ambassador to Italy, Arif Shahid Khan, died on 17 March 2010. The Deputy Chief of Mission is Shamma Jain. The Republic of India also maintains a consulate general in Milan and hononary consulates in Naples, Genoa, and Livorno.
Indians in Italy.
The number of Indian nationals (including persons of Indian origin) in Italy varies between 100,000 to 150,000. 
Most Indians work on farms and in small businesses and industry, as well as priest or nun in Catholic Church. There are Indian professionals in northern Italy and in the UN specialized agencies based in Rome, including the Food and Agriculture Organization, International Fund for Agricultural Development, and World Food Programme. Much of the Indian population is concentrated in the Lazio, Lombardy, Emilia–Romagna, Veneto and Tuscany regions.

</doc>
<doc id="18800757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800757" title="Tiapaga">
Tiapaga

Tiapaga is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,956.

</doc>
<doc id="18800764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800764" title="Tiguili">
Tiguili

Tiguili is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 516.

</doc>
<doc id="18800768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800768" title="St. George Hotel">
St. George Hotel

St. George Hotel or St. George's Hotel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18800778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800778" title="Tindané">
Tindané

Tindané is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,273.

</doc>
<doc id="18800779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800779" title="55th meridian east">
55th meridian east

The meridian 55° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 55th meridian east forms a great circle with the 125th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 55th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18800780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800780" title="Ice hockey at the 2010 Winter Olympics – Men's qualification">
Ice hockey at the 2010 Winter Olympics – Men's qualification

Qualification for the men's tournament at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Qualification.
Twelve teams qualified for the ice hockey event. The top nine teams in the IIHF World Ranking after the 2008 Men's World Ice Hockey Championship received automatic berths into the ice hockey event. All remaining member federations could attempt to qualify for the remaining three spots in the Olympics. The four lowest entrants played off for a spot in the first round. Teams then ranked 19th through 30th played in a first qualification round in November 2008, where the top three teams from the round advanced to the second qualification round. Teams ranked 10th through 18th joined the three top teams from the first qualifying round to play in a second qualification round. The top three teams from the second qualifying round advanced to the Olympic ice hockey tournament.
Qualified teams.
^ Quebec City and Halifax are site for 2008 World Championship only, thus the site where qualification through the rankings is determined.
Note: Canada, Czech Republic, Finland and Sweden had been mathematically determined to qualify for the 2010 Olympics before the start of the 2008 World Championship. Belarus, Russia, Slovakia, Switzerland and the United States qualified for the 2010 Olympics by their performance in the 2008 World Championship.
Qualification tournament.
Pre-qualification.
Group A.
All times are local (UTC+2).
Olympic pre-qualification.
Group B.
All times are local (UTC+2).
Group C.
All times are local (UTC+1).
Group D.
All times are local (UTC+1).
Final Olympic qualification.
Group E.
All times are local (UTC+1).
Group F.
All times are local (UTC+1).
Group G.
All times are local (UTC+1).

</doc>
<doc id="18800782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800782" title="Jorge Terceiro">
Jorge Terceiro

Jorge "Gia" Terceiro (born July 19, 1976) is a Brazilian beach volleyball player representing Georgia.
Team Geor - Gia.
Brazilians Jorge "Gia" Terceiro and his team mate Renato "Geor" Gomes represented Georgia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="18800783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800783" title="Tobou">
Tobou

Tobou is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,695.

</doc>
<doc id="18800787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800787" title="Tobou-Peulh">
Tobou-Peulh

Tobou-Peulh is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 547.

</doc>
<doc id="18800814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800814" title="Tohogodou">
Tohogodou

Tohogodou is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 916.

</doc>
<doc id="18800826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800826" title="Yacabé">
Yacabé

Yacabé is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 840.

</doc>
<doc id="18800829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800829" title="Yassoumbaga">
Yassoumbaga

Yassoumbaga is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 768.

</doc>
<doc id="18800834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800834" title="Yougpangou">
Yougpangou

Yougpangou is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,473.

</doc>
<doc id="18800844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800844" title="Yougpankoudougou">
Yougpankoudougou

Yougpankoudougou is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 505.

</doc>
<doc id="18800864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800864" title="Jack Berly">
Jack Berly

John Chambers "Jack" Berly (May 24, 1903 – June 26, 1977) was a Major League Baseball pitcher.
Berly was born in Natchitoches, Louisiana. He made his major league debut for the St. Louis Cardinals on April 22, 1924. Making four appearances, all in late relief, he gave up five runs over eight innings pitched. Berly would not return to the majors for seven seasons.
In Berly joined the Rochester Red Wings of the Triple-A International League, then managed by Billy Southworth. The Red Wings won three straight IL pennants in 1928-, and Berly went 33-22 in those seasons, winning the IL earned run average title in 1930 (2.49).
In the New York Giants acquired Berly. He had seven wins with eight losses in 27 games. In - he pitched for the Philadelphia Phillies, mostly in relief.
Berly returned to Rochester in , beginning a period of eight years' service in the International League with the Red Wings, Baltimore Orioles and Toronto Maple Leafs. He returned to Rochester in late , just in time to play on his fourth IL pennant winner. His IL career ended in . Over 11 IL seasons he had a won-lost record of 101-84, with a 3.68 ERA in 1610 innings pitched.
Berly was inducted into the International League Hall of Fame in 1955. In 1977, he died in Houston, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="18800869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800869" title="Fred J. Barnes">
Fred J. Barnes

Fred James Barnes (died 1917) was a British songwriter. He co-wrote numerous songs with R. P. Weston and Fred Godfrey.

</doc>
<doc id="18800889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800889" title="Nimrod Zviran">
Nimrod Zviran

Nimrod Zviran () is an Israeli paralympic champion.
Zviran suffers from cerebral palsy from birth. At the age of two he began rehabilitation through sports and at the age of six he joined the Maccabi Tel Aviv swimming team. He was a member of the team until he reached 18, despite it serving athletes of good health. Zviran graduated from high school in Tel Aviv and volunteered for army service at the Ministry of Defense's Comptroller's office.
During his military service, Zviran dedicated himself to practice paralympic swimming. In 2002 he reached 4th place at the World Championship. In the 2004 Summer Paralympics he won a bronze medal in 400m freestyle, reached 4th place in 50m and 6th place in 100m.

</doc>
<doc id="18800892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800892" title="Dave Leeper">
Dave Leeper

David Dale Leeper (born October 30, 1959) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played professionally for the Kansas City Royals.
Biography.
Leeper was born in Santa Ana, California and graduated from Villa Park High School in Villa Park, California. He played college baseball at the University of Southern California.
He was drafted by the Kansas City Royals in the 1st round (23rd pick) of the 1981 Major League Baseball Draft. He played parts of two seasons in the majors for the Kansas City Royals in the 1984 Major League Baseball season and the 1985 Major League Baseball season. He managed three hits in 40 at bats.

</doc>
<doc id="18800905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800905" title="1994 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships">
1994 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships

The 1994 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Mexico City, Mexico for the second time at neighboring Xochimilco. The Mexican city had hosted the event previously in 1974 at the same venue that hosted the canoeing and rowing competitions for the 1968 Summer Olympics.
The men's competition consisted of nine Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Six events were held for the women, all in kayak. The 10000 m events for men (Two canoe and three kayak) and 5000 m events for women (Two in kayak) were dropped from the program (Three events at 5000 m (men's C-1, and men's and women's K-1) will resume at the 2010 championships.) and the 200 m events for C-1, C-2, and C-4 (men only), and K-1, K-2, and K-4 (both men and women) took their place. This represented the greatest change in the championships program since their reconstitution in 1950 following both World War II and the 1948 Summer Olympics.
This was the 26th championships in canoe sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="18800906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800906" title="Quilty, County Clare">
Quilty, County Clare

Quilty (), historically "Killty", is a small fishing village between Milltown Malbay and Doonbeg in County Clare, Ireland. Lobster, salmon, bass, herring and mackerel are landed at Quilty, formerly known for its curing industry.
The name is thought to come from "coillte", meaning "woods".
The Catholic Church is the most prominent building, its round tower being visible for miles around the flat countryside. It was built in remembrance of the "Leon XIII" rescue.
"Leon XIII".
On 2 October 1907 a French three-masted barque, the "Leon XIII", was driven up on some of the very rocky reefs on Quilty Bay. All seemed lost for the ship and crew. The local fishermen however went out to sea in their currachs – risking the equinoctial gales and Atlantic breakers in small open boats. They reached the wreck and somehow managed to save the crew and bring them safely ashore.
The church porch contains a replica of the "Leon XIII" in a glass bottle, and the ship's bell stands in front of the altar.
Mutton Island.
Across the bay from Quilty is Mutton Island. St Senan founded a church here in the early 6th century but by 1887 little remained except the Bed of St. Senan, a shattered cross and a gable of his oratory. A signal tower built in the early 19th century was designed to give warning of invasion during the Napoleonic period but was also used by the coastguard to prevent smuggling. In the early 20th century Mutton Island was used as a prison; during certain tidal conditions, it is possible to walk along a path of limestone from Seafield (near Quilty) to Mutton Island.
Tromoroe Castle.
Tromoroe Castle lies about 3 km from the village. It witnessed a number of battles in the 16th century, the most notable when Teigh Caech McMahon with the help of the Earl of Desmond stormed the castle on the 17th February 1599. The next attack was by O'Flaherty from Connacht on 1 May 1642, when Peter Ward, his wife and heir were slain.

</doc>
<doc id="18800909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800909" title="Chris Steinmetz">
Chris Steinmetz

Chris Steinmetz (born 1966) is a record producer and engineer living in Chicago. He is president of Stonecutter Records (Steinmetz meaning stonecutter in German language).
Biography.
Early life.
Chris Steinmetz was born in 1966 to Kenneth and Virginia Steinmetz in Barrington, Illinois. He began playing guitar at age 12 and played in bands throughout high school. It was during this time that Steinmetz first became interested in audio engineering. While playing a show one night, he was struck by the lower quality of his band's sound compared to the headliners. Despite his newfound interest in audio, Steinmetz entered the University of Utah majoring in biomedical engineering upon graduating high school. However, the call to music proved too strong and a year later Steinmetz dropped out and moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in the recording industry.
Recording career.
Steinmetz career in LA took off quickly as he spent his first three sessions working with Paul Simon, John Denver, and David Lee Roth. Within a year, engineer Michael Wagener took notice of Steinmetz and hired him to engineer many classic 80s hard rock albums for his label. During his time in LA, Steinmetz also did freelance work for many other bands as well as for some feature films.
In 1996, Steinmetz moved back to his native Chicago to be closer to family. He began freelancing at Chicago Recording Company, Chicago Trax, and Terry Fryer Music. Provided with access to Chicago's growing rap music scene, Steinmetz' normal clientele began to shift from hard rock to hip hop. Between 2004 and 2006 six alone, he received credits on albums by Kanye West, Twista, Lil Jon, Usher, E-dub, and Jin with all six going platinum or gold. During this time, Steinmetz also helped to pioneer the field of music mixing in 5.1.
Other projects.
Chris Steinmetz created his own label, Stonecutter Records, in 2006 out of the desire to "advance to the next level in their careers and get them the exposure they deserve." The label's first project, "Acoustic Chicago", is a compilation of 13 Chicago artists and features their music in an acoustic format to highlight songwriting ability.
In 2008, Steinmetz began freelancing his mixing talent to a global market through the site GetYourSongsMixed.com.

</doc>
<doc id="18800917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800917" title="House at 16 Mineral Street">
House at 16 Mineral Street

The House at 16 Mineral Street in Reading, Massachusetts is a well preserved Second Empire cottage. It was built c. 1874 and probably moved to its present location not long afterward, during a building boom in that part of the town. The two story wood frame house has a mansard roof punctured by gable dormers with octagonal hood moldings. The front entry porch is Italianate in style, with square chamfered columns.
The house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800919" title="The Library of America's definitive edition of Philip Roth's collected works">
The Library of America's definitive edition of Philip Roth's collected works

"The Library of America's definitive edition of Philip Roth's collected works" (2005–13) is a series collecting Philip Roth's works. The Library of America's aim is to collect and republish all of Roth's literary output. Originally envisioned as an eight-volume series, the revised plan presents Roth's oeuvre in nine volumes. First published in 2005, nine volumes have been published as of 2013, all edited by Ross Miller. 
Volume 1: Novels and Stories 1959–1962.
LOA #157: Published August 18, 2005, ISBN 978-1-931082-79-2, 913 pages
Volume 2: Novels 1967–1972.
LOA #158: Published August 18, 2005, ISBN 978-1-931082-80-8, 671 pages
Volume 3: Novels 1973–1977.
LOA #165: Published October 19, 2006, ISBN 978-1-931082-96-9, 900 pages
Volume 4: Zuckerman Bound: A Trilogy & Epilogue 1979–1985.
LOA #175: Published September 20, 2007, ISBN 978-1-59853-011-7, 675 pages
Volume 5: Novels and Other Narratives 1986–1991.
LOA #185: Published September 4, 2008, ISBN 978-1-59853-030-8, 767 pages
Volume 6: Novels 1993–1995.
LOA #205: Published September 2, 2010, ISBN 978-1-59853-078-0, 842 pages
Volume 7: The American Trilogy 1997–2000.
LOA #220: Published September 29, 2011, ISBN 978-1-59853-103-9, 1088 pages
Volume 8: Novels 2001–2007.
LOA #236: Published February 7, 2013, ISBN 978-1-59853-198-5, 740 pages
Volume 9: Nemeses.
LOA #237: Published February 7, 2013, ISBN 978-1-59853-199-2, 598 pages

</doc>
<doc id="18800923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800923" title="Conflict early warning">
Conflict early warning

The field of conflict early warning seeks to forecast the outbreak of armed conflict, or, at minimum, to detect the early escalation of violence, with the objective of preventing the outbreak or the further escalation of violence in order to save lives. 
Initial conceptions of conflict early warning materialized in the 1970s and 1980s but the field really emerged on the international policy agenda after the end of the Cold War. Qualitative methodologies typically draw on local area experts with extensive knowledge on one country or region. This is the approach taken by the International Crisis Group, for example. In contrast, quantitative methodologies quantify conflict trends and use mathematical techniques to forecast future trends or "events of interest" (EOIs). For example, the Integrated Conflict Early Warning System (ICEWS) project at the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) takes this approach. Some approaches to conflict early warning combine both qualitative and quantitative methodologies, such as the formerly operational project called Swisspeace.
Origins.
The unanticipated events of the Yom Kippur war in 1973 and that of the Falkland war in 1982 provoked a series of debates over the lack of early warning. The incident over the Falklands had taken the United Nations completely by surprise and it is said “no map of the islands was available in the Secretariat when the invasion began”. The initial drivers, however, "were humanitarian agencies driven by the need for accurate and timely predictions of refugee flows to enable effective contingency planning”. After the end of the Cold War, political scientists at leading academic institutions began modifying old Cold War models of conflict to understand the onset of new wars. The horrors of the 1994 Rwandan genocide also spurred increased interest in operational conflict early warning systems. The FAST-project out of Swisspeace and the Forum on Early Warning and Early Response (FEWER) were responses to the genocide.

</doc>
<doc id="18800926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800926" title="House at 199 Summer Avenue">
House at 199 Summer Avenue

The House at 199 Summer Avenue in Reading, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story house was originally designed by architect Horace G. Wadlin and built in 1878 for Robert Kemp, leader of the popular Old Folks Concerts. The house was the second in Reading that Kemp had built; the first is also still standing. Originally in the Second Empire style with a mansard roof, the house was extensively altered in the 1890s, removing the mansard roof and adding Tudor Revival styling.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800938" title="House at 206 West Street">
House at 206 West Street

The House at 206 West Street in Reading, Massachusetts, is a well-preserved Greek Revival cottage. Its date of construction is uncertain, but appears to fall within the period of Greek Revival popularity in Reading, between 1831 and 1857. The house has side gables (unlike the more typical Greek Revival front gable forms), with a gabled dormer above the center entry. The door is flanked by full-length sidelight windows and pilasters, which support a tall entablature. The house is believed to be associated with J.B. Leathe, a local shop owner and civic leader.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800943" title="Thomas Hoff">
Thomas Hoff

Thomas John "Tom" Hoff (born June 9, 1973) is an American volleyball player. He is a middle blocker and has been with the U.S. national team since 1996. He is a three-time Olympian in volleyball Olympics: 2000, 2004 and 2008.
Playing with Iraklis Thessaloniki V.C. he won the silver medal at the 2005–06 CEV Champions League and was awarded "Best Spiker".
Personal life.
Hoff was born in Chicago, Illinois, to Margaret and Richard Hoff. He has an older brother Rich and an older sister Jennifer. He is married to Sandy Mora and has five daughters. 
Hoff attended Maine South High School in Park Ridge, Illinois, where he graduated in 1991.
In addition to indoor volleyball, Hoff also played on the Bud Light Pro Beach Volleyball tour.
Education.
Hoff earned his Bachelor of Science degree in Mechancial Engineering.
Ohio State.
Hoff spent his first two years at Ohio State, where he was a two-year starter for the Buckeyes. As a sophomore in 1993, he was a First-Team All-Midwest Intercollegiate Volleyball Association (MIVA). He guided the Buckeyes to the MIVA conference title and a 28-10 overall record. His 490 kills rank third all-time in Buckeye history. Hoff was also an AVCA Second Team All American.
Long Beach State.
After transferring to Long Beach State in 1994, he sat out due to transfer rules and was redshirted. 
In 1995, Hoff was an AVCA First-Team All-American as he notched 751 kills, 176 blocks and a .357 hitting percentage. He set a national record for most matches with 20 or more kills (25) and 10 or more blocks (nine).
In 1996, he repeated as a First-Team All-American as he helped the team finish 21-6 and 15-4 (second) in the MPSF and had season totals of 479 kills, 134 blocks and a .389 attack percentage. In the Long Beach State men's volleyball record books, Hoff ranked no. 5 in career kills (1,230), no. 2 in kills per game (6.54), no. 4 in hitting percentage (.369) and no. 2 in blocks per game (1.65).

</doc>
<doc id="18800949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800949" title="Ronald Chase">
Ronald Chase

Ronald Chase (born December 29, 1934) is an American artist, photographer, educator, independent film maker and opera designer. His work with projection and film has been called "one of the most exciting developments in the history of opera stage presentation." 
Life and work.
Chase was born in Seminole, Oklahoma. He studied dance, design and directing at Bard College, where he joined the Jean Erdman Dance Group. He toured with the José Limón Dance Company on their first European tour in the fall of 1956. After the tour he remained in Europe (Italy and Spain) to study painting. He then established a studio in the Gaspe Peninsula (Perce) in Canada. His first exhibits were at the Galerie Libre in Montreal (1962) and the Byron Gallery in New York City (1963). His work then entered the collections of the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts and the Boston Museum of Fine Arts. 
In the spring of 1964 he moved to San Francisco and continued his painting.
Photography.
In the early 1980s Chase began experimenting with photography. He manipulated photographs using large format Xerox copiers. His work with figures and abstract imagery was given a show at the George Eastman House in 1984. His photographic work then entered the collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the George Eastman House, and the Memorial Art Gallery in Rochester, New York among others.
Film.
In 1963, Chase began making short experimental films with "Fragments", written by Mary Lee Settle and filmed in the Hudson Valley. In 1964, he began experimenting with using film projections in theater and dance performances. These experiments produced "The Covenant", a dance film made with Elizabeth Harris and the composer Pauline Oliveros, followed by dramatic shorts including "Chameleon" and "Clown", which was featured at the 1969 Ann Arbor Film Festival, and "Parade", a short documentary of the first Gay & Lesbian Pride Parade in San Francisco.
Chase produced and directed two features in the 1970s. "Bruges-La-Morte", starring Richard Easton (and the film debuts of Nickolas Grace and Anthony Daniels), premiered at the Rotterdam Film Festival 1978 and was awarded the Critics Prize at the International Film Festival Ghent in 1980. "LULU", starring Paul Shenar and Elisa Leonelli and adapted from the play by Frank Wedekind, was screened at the Berlin International Film Festival, Filmex, and Rotterdam Film Festival, among others. It was chosen as one of the 3 best films of 1978 by Pariscope, but could not be released because of a copyright conflict with the estate of Alban Berg.
Film and projection in opera.
Chase's first combined film and opera with director Richard Pearlman, then head of the Washington Opera, in a production of Britten's "The Turn of the Screw" (with Benita Velinti in her first dramatic role). Chase produced film and projections with Pearlman for the world premiere of "The Who's Tommy" at the Seattle Opera in 1971. Around this time Chase met director Frank Corsaro and their mutual interest in film led to their 40 year collaboration in opera, film and projection in a series of innovative productions including Berg's "Lulu" at the Houston Opera in 1975, Korngold's "Die Tote Stadt" at the New York City Opera in 1975, Poulenc's "Les mamelles de Tirésias" at the Opera Theater of St. Louis in 1983 and Strauss' "Die Frau ohne Schatten" at the Lyric Opera of Chicago in 1984. Due to injuries Corsaro suffered during a car crash, Gerald Freedman replaced him in collaborating with Chase on a production of Ginastera's "Beatrix Cenci" that opened the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts on September 10, 1971. The film Chase produced for Beatrix Cenci received the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art's first SECA award in film in 1972. Chase produced his first animated films for theater in collaboration with Maurice Sendak for Ravel's "L'enfant et les sortilèges" at Glyndebourne in 1987. In 1992 Chase and Corsaro reunited to produce Busoni's "Doktor Faust" at the New York City Opera.
Educator.
In 1993, Chase created the San Francisco Art & Film Program for Teenagers, a non-profit devoted to making the arts accessible and an important presence in young people's lives. The program developed out of Saturday gallery walks for students of San Francisco School of the Arts High School to include weekly film screenings, a film workshop, and free tickets to cultural events, available to all San Francisco Bay Area students. SF Art & Film has been cited as one of the most comprehensive art education programs in the United States, and continues to serve more than 600 young people a year.

</doc>
<doc id="18800951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800951" title="Mescalyne">
Mescalyne

Mescalyne is the first EP by the black metal band Spektr. It was released in 2007 on Debemur Morti Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="18800964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800964" title="Trapper Nelson">
Trapper Nelson

Vince "Trapper" Nelson (born Vincent Nostokovich or Natulkiewicz around 1909) was an American trapper, hunter, and zoo founder. Though he was born in New Jersey, and lived in Mexico and Texas, he is best known for establishing a homestead-turned-zoo on the shore of the Loxahatchee River in Florida. Filled with exotic and wild animals, his zoo was a popular tourist spot in the 1940s and 50s, visited by local and national celebrities. Because of this, he became known locally as "Tarzan of the Loxahatchee".
The zoo was eventually shut down by State health inspectors in 1960. After his zoo was closed, Nelson became a hermit and suffered from undiagnosed health problems. In 1968, he was found dead from a gunshot wound in his cabin by a friend. His death was ruled a suicide. Nelson's campsite is now known as the Trapper Nelson Zoo Historic District in Jonathan Dickinson State Park, Hobe Sound, Florida.
Early life.
Trapper Nelson was born Vincent Nostokovich (or Natulkiewicz) to Polish immigrant parents in Trenton, New Jersey, in 1908 or 1909. As a boy, to earn money he began trapping animals such as muskrats in the marshes of New Jersey. His parents did not speak English, so Nelson would often assist them in translating to make sure they were not taken advantage of. However, when his mother died and his father remarried, Nelson ran away from home, heading west.
Hopping freight trains, Nelson first ended up in Colorado, then eventually in Mexico. While there, he was arrested by the Federales under suspicion of gunrunning. He spent time in a Mexican jail and was later released. Nelson later claimed his release was because he "wrecked their food budget."
After his release Nelson headed back east with 10 cents to his name. He made money for food by gambling with other road bums until he made it to southern Florida, where he, his step brother Charles Nelson and friend John Dykas set up camp.
Settlement on the Loxahatchee.
Nelson and his partners settled on the beach by the Jupiter Inlet in Palm Beach County, Florida, in the late 1920s. Bessie DuBois, wife of John DuBois, recalled seeing him for the first time in 1927 or 1928. The DuBoises owned a restaurant that Nelson would frequent, and Bessie made note of his eccentric eating habits: "He would order a pie—not a piece of pie, mind you, but a pie—and he'd eat the whole thing right in front of me." He ate ice cream by the half-gallon, and there were stories that he once ate 18 eggs for breakfast.
Things did not stay peaceful for long. On December 17, 1931, Charles Nelson shot partner John Dykas in the back, killing him. Trapper Nelson, angered by his step-brother's actions, testified against him at the trial for Dykas' murder. Charles was given a 20-year sentence at Raiford Prison. Disillusioned with civilization, Nelson withdrew from the beach, settling deep in the woods on the Loxahatchee River that same December. Using what little money he had and money borrowed from his sister, he bought 800 acres.
Physically imposing at 6' 4" and 240 pounds, he lived by trapping, hunting, and fishing in what was then wild country. He made money by selling the furs of the animals he trapped, and ate the meat, starting rumors that he ate everything from possums to stray house cats. He acquired extensive land holdings, bidding on tax auctions during the Great Depression. He would on occasion bid against Judge C. E. Chillingworth, the judge who had handed down his step-brother's sentence, and the two eventually became friends. When Chillingworth was murdered in the 1950s, Charles Nelson was briefly considered a suspect.
Trapping could only bring Nelson income seasonally, and as south Florida became a popular tourist destination, he came up with a new way to earn money. He eventually developed a zoo on his property in the 1930s, calling it "Trapper Nelson's Zoo and Jungle Gardens". His camp and zoo became popular tourist attractions. Tours along the river from West Palm Beach would stop there for lunch and stretch breaks, and Nelson shared the profits with the boat captains. Locally prominent people and celebrities alike visited, including boxing champion Gene Tunney and actor Gary Cooper, to see his animals, watch Nelson wrestle alligators, and buy souvenirs.
With his new fame came notoriety. He was known locally as the "Tarzan of the Loxahatchee", and cared for the locals' exotic pets. He would trap troublesome wild animals, and provided others for parties and events. Rumors were started about his handsomeness, his eating habits (Bessie DuBois denied he ate raw possum), and his romantic exploits. It was told that he courted heiresses and countesses from wealthy Palm Beach, and that one conquest was a direct descendant of President James Monroe.
Nelson finally married in 1940 in an attempt to avoid the draft for World War II. His plan failed and he was drafted anyway. He joined the Military Police in Texas, but while training, he tore a muscle in his leg and was transferred to Camp Murphy, which was very close to his land.
Decline.
Upon his return to the Loxahatchee, Nelson discovered that his wife had a new lover. He divorced his wife, and after that Nelson would buy cars for the women he wooed, paying for them in installments to ensure they would stay for at least a while.
Focusing again on his zoo, he found that property values were skyrocketing. Nelson got a subscription to the Wall Street Journal and added more and more land to his sprawling camp. Shortly after he began his forays into real estate, a health inspector declared his zoo unhygenic and demanded he install lavatories. Nelson did, but the Health Department found them "unsatisfactory", and in 1960 he was forced to close his zoo. With no income, the taxes on the land became too much for him, and he ended up borrowing $100,000 ($ in today's dollars) to pay them.
Nelson already had a deep-seated mistrust of the government, and the closing of his zoo was, to him, enough to confirm his paranoia. He became more and more closed off. He began to dam the river leading to his camp to keep boats away, and installed fences and padlocks to discourage land travelers. He put up signs around his land reading "Danger: Land Mines". As added discouragement, he kept a 12-gauge shotgun with him at all times.
He began to develop severe stomach pains, refused to see a doctor. He distrusted them because his brother-in-law had died after having a pacemaker installed. It was speculated among friends that the pains were from cancer, but they could have been an acid condition.
By the 1960s Nelson had become so reclusive that he would not let even trusted friends visit him without first sending a postcard to ask his permission. He ventured into town once a week to check his mail at the post office, and would sometimes buy steaks, but for the most part he remained holed-up in his cabin. Years later, his nephew recalled his uncle's change in personality: "During the last 10 years, his eyes seemed to lose their sparkle. He became a lonely man, and a rather sick one."
Death.
In July 1968, Nelson failed to appear for a planned meeting with an old friend. John DuBois, at whose house the meeting was supposed to take place, became worried and drove to Nelson's camp. When he surveyed the campsite, everything appeared to be in order, until he got to Nelson's chickee.
Nelson was found dead in his cabin from a shotgun blast to his stomach on July 30, 1968. The Coroner's Office ruled it a suicide, and the Martin County Sheriff's Office deemed it a "pretty clear-cut case". However, many Florida locals had their doubts. "If it were a suicide, why did[n't] he do a head shot instead of a chest shot?" asked Bessie DuBois. The theory was that he stuck the shotgun in the ground, leaned over and pulled the trigger, even though it would have taken considerable effort and flexibility on Nelson's part.
It was undeniable that Nelson had enemies. Floridian trappers envied his skill and viewed him as an outsider because he was from New Jersey. The State wanted to develop his land into condominiums and golf courses. Shortly before his death, a man who repaired one of Nelson's jeeps found out he was sick and had not seen a doctor in six months. The man took him to a doctor who prescribed him painkillers. A neighbor, and the last man to see Nelson alive, speculated: "I guess it would be possible for someone to sneak up on him. Ordinarily it would be impossible... but if he were doped up, well that would be different."
Some friends considered suicide a possibility, however. His stomach pains may have taken a substantial part in a decision to end his life. An executor of Nelson's will said he had told his sister that he would "rather die than be an invalid."
Legacy.
A few months after Nelson's death, the state traded land for Nelson's estate, which became part of Jonathan Dickinson State Park. The site is now known as the Trapper Nelson Zoo Historic District. After the land was converted to a park, but still unopen to the public, the camp was often vandalized. One of Nelson's tool sheds was burned down; the arsonist attempted to burn other buildings but was unsuccessful.
In April 1984, park rangers discovered Nelson's "treasure": a hiding place in his chimney held 5,005 coins, totaling $1,829.46. The coins ranged in date from the 1890s to the 1960s. A thorough search of the camp was conducted before revealing the find to the public, but nothing more was found.
The camp still stands today, with his cabin, a guest cabin, a chickee shelter, docks, a boathouse, and assorted cages from his zoo. There are also fruit trees that he planted, including surinam cherry, Java plum and wild almond.

</doc>
<doc id="18800968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800968" title="Office of Telecommunications Policy">
Office of Telecommunications Policy

After President Nixon took office in 1969, Clay T. Whitehead, Special Assistant to the President, pushed to establish an executive office dedicated to telecommunications policy. The White House Office of Telecommunications Policy (OTP) was established in 1970. In 1978, it was merged, along with the Commerce Department's Office of Telecommunications, into the newly created National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA).
Directors and Staff.
The first director of the OTP was Clay T. Whitehead who served from 1970-1974. After Whitehead resigned, John M. Eger served as acting director from 1974 to 1976 until Thomas J. Houser was appointed OTP Director in 1976.
Under Whitehead's tenure, notable individuals who worked at OTP include Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, who served as General Counsel, and C-SPAN founder and CEO Brian Lamb, who handled Congressional and press relations.
Policy.
During Whitehead's tenure, the OTP worked to unfreeze and deregulate the cable industry and implement the "Open Skies" policy. "Open Skies" had emerged from months of study by the Domestic Satellite Policy Working Group, a group that in 1969, as Special Assistant to the President, Whitehead had suggested, organized, and headed. "Open Skies," announced as Executive Branch policy in a White House Press Conference in January, 1970 and approved by the FCC in June, 1972, functioned to privatize the satellite industry by allowing for any qualified company to launch a domestic communications satellite. "Open Skies" rejected the monopoly industry structure that applied in international communications.
The OTP was also responsible for Nixon Administration policy towards the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.
Cable.
OTP’s two major initiatives concerning cable included the 1971 Cable Copyright Compromise and the 1974 Cabinet Committee on Cable Communications "Cable: Report to the President", or “The Whitehead Report.” 
OTP took a strong interest in supporting cable’s development in part because Whitehead saw that “cable promises a revolutionary diversity and a fundamentally new system of communication.” 
In 1971 and 1972, cable operators were blocked by copyright owners and broadcasters who demanded fees for distributing their programs. OTP facilitated a Cable Copyright Compromise that pacified cable opponents enough to permit some industry growth.
Two years later, a Cabinet Committee on Cable chaired by Whitehead released a report denouncing industry regulation. Until the Committee’s report, cable had been seen as an extension of broadcast television, and subject to its regulations. But the 1974 Cabinet Committee on Cable Communications "Cable: Report to the President" advocated applying a different regulatory model to cable. It argued in part that cable did not use the publicly owned airwaves and promised a multitude of channels instead of the limited number necessitated by spectrum scarcity, which meant that cable and the television networks were not analogous businesses. Accordingly, the report reasoned, cable should be afforded the same freedom of expression as the print media.
AT&T.
Consistent with OTP’s goal to increase competition and technological innovation within telecommunications industries, OTP worked to loosen AT&T’s hold on U.S. telephone service. 
The Nixon Administration launched its first volley against AT&T in January 1970 when it announced its “Open Skies” policy that allowed all qualifying companies to launch commercial satellites. This defeated AT&T’s expectations that the White House would give monopoly control to Comsat, of which AT&T owned 29 percent, the largest share held by any single company. 
OTP further weakened AT&T’s monopoly by supporting a Department of Justice antitrust investigation of, and then litigation against, AT&T. 
OTP’s chief economist, Bruce M. Owen, favored breaking up AT&T and persuaded Whitehead that the best way to split the company was the way in which it was finally done, by separating long distance from local service – known as horizontal divestiture.
OTP supported the Department of Justice through testimony before a Senate Antitrust and Monopoly subcommittee hearing concerning a bill that would break up big businesses in industries including communications. Whitehead’s testimony explained that historically, competition was the preferred regulatory tool in the U.S., and that it applied equally in telecommunications as in any other industry. Monopoly in the telephone business, he explained, was not a necessary structure in the nation’s telecommunications industry and, in fact, the existing regulatory scheme had become “a barrier to competition and innovation required for the future direction of communications.” Whitehead stated that, moreover, no special public policy considerations such as national defense necessitated the AT&T monopoly. It was unbecoming for “AT&T to use its legal, political and economic power to seek to extend its monopoly” where monopoly was not warranted, and “the Government cannot let such an effort go unnoticed or unchecked.” He also said that “the anti-trust laws should be enforced to ensure that regulatory mechanisms cannot become a haven for escape from competition.” 
Some weeks later, the Department of Justice filed the antitrust case that ultimately led to the break-up of AT&T along the lines that Bruce M. Owen had suggested, with AT&T retaining its long distance services, Western Electric and Bell Laboratories, and giving up its local telephone companies.

</doc>
<doc id="18800970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800970" title="House at 242 Summer Avenue">
House at 242 Summer Avenue

The House at 242 Summer Avenue in Reading, Massachusetts is a well preserved Shingle style house. The two story wood frame house was built in 1912; it has irregular massing with a hip roof. There are two gable-topped pavilions framing a central section of the front facade, which have roof sections extending to the sides of the house that shelter porches (the front entry to the right, a sitting porch to the left). First floor windows on the pavilions are grouped in a way reminiscent of Prairie style design.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800979" title="Potcoava">
Potcoava

Potcoava is a town in Olt County, Romania. The town administers four villages: Potcoava-Fălcoeni, Sineşti, Trufineşti and Valea Merilor.

</doc>
<doc id="18800982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800982" title="Piatra-Olt">
Piatra-Olt

Piatra-Olt is a town in Olt County, Romania. The town administers five villages: Bistriţa Nouă, Criva de Jos, Criva de Sus, Enoşeşti and Piatra. The town is an important railway station and road intersection.
History.
The oldest relicves are from the Neolithic, when there was a small settlement.
In Antiquity, the local Dacic population built a fortress, Acidava. The Romans conquered the area. The Romans built a road and rebuilt the fortress Acidava. The ruins of the fortress can be seen even today. The area was still inhabited after the retreat of the Roman legios.
From the Middle Ages come the first written documents about the villages that now compose the town.
In 1878, the railroad "Piteşti - Vîrciorova" was operational and the railway station Piatra Olt (known at that time as Piatra) was built. This was the biginning of the modern history of the town, as a railway town. Later, other railways were built, along the Olt river.
Piatra Olt was officilally declared a town in 1989.
Location.
The town is situated in the Central-Eastern part of the Romanian Plain, at the eastern border of Oltenia historical provence and in the western part of the Olt County. The nearby towns are in East: Slatina (11 km), Piteşti (93 km); to West: Balş (19 km), Craiova (45 km); to North: Drăgăşani (31 km), Râmnicu Vâlcea (86 km) and to South Caracal (33 km)) and Corabia (74 km)). Note that these are intermediate values between road and railway distances.
General.
The main village, Piatra, is placed near the train station and expands to South-East. It is divided into two parts: the eastern part (named "Piatra Sat" by the locals) and the western part, near the station, called "Gară" (in English, station). Enoşeşti is placed East from Piatra, on the 64 national road and is the road access way to Piatra. Criva is placed South-East from Piatra and has a small railway station. Bistriţa Nouă is at North from Piatra, at 2 km by foot and more than 7 km by road.
Geography.
The town is at the North-Eastern end of the Romanaţi Plain. The average altitude is 100 to 120 meters. Despite the relatively high altitude and a big number of valleis and smooth hills, the aria is very good for agriculture. The town is placed near the Olt River, on a terrace that protects it from floods. There are several dams on the river. There are some other small rivers, that sometimes dry up in summer, like Vaslui and Oltişor. They are all tributaries of the Olt and are formed near Piatra Olt.
Climate.
Like all the southern part of Romania, Piatra Olt has a temperate climate. Usually, summers are hot and with little precipitations, while winters have moderate temperatures, with occasional wind intensifications. Sometimes, snow can cause several blockades on the roads and railways.
Demographics.
At the 2002 census, 90.6% of inhabitants were Romanians and 9.4% Roma. 97.7% were Romanian Orthodox and 1.6% Seventh-day Adventist.
There are ethnic conflicts between the Romanian and Gipsy groups. In 2007, it was required forced intervention to calm down the population and avoid vioent conflicts.
Transportation.
The main way to get to Piatra Olt is by train. There are 4 railways that lead to Piatra Olt:
The town is also an important road intersection. The intersection is in fact in the nearby commune, Găneasa. The access way to Piatra Olt is the county road DJ 677. There are 5 km from Piatra Olt to Găneasa on the road and only 2 km on a sharp line. All national roads are asphalted, while the county road is a concrete road, like other smaller roads in the town. The roads follow nearly the same path like the railways:
Economy.
The main occupation is related to the railway maintenance and transportation. There are 66 trains traveling every day through the station. However, Agriculture is well represented (large-scale agriculture with grain and corn fields, fishing and pomiculture) There are big companies that work in the agricole sector. The Industry is based on textiles, metallic and concrete products, alimentar industry and a wood mill. There are a lot of firms that have their headquarters in other places but develop business in Piatra Olt.
Institutions.
The institutions are placed near the train station. The town hall is on Florilor street, not far from the police station. Every village except Bistriţa Nouă has its own church. There is also an Adventist church. There are schools and a high school.
Other places.
The town has a stadium and a football team. There is a park with a musical fountain. There is a small market and there are small shops that provide goods for the local population, including human and veterinarian pharmaceutical points.
Tourism.
There are many touristic objectives that can be seen in the town. The following objectives can be visited in a few hours, so a traveller can see them while waiting to catch a train.
There are other touristic objectives that can be seen nearby:

</doc>
<doc id="18800983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800983" title="House at 26 Center Avenue">
House at 26 Center Avenue

The House at 26 Center Avenue in Reading, Massachusetts is an architecturally eclectic cottage. Built c. 1854-1875, the 1.5 story wood frame house has a door surround with Greek Revival pilasters and entablature, but its gable end has no returns, and is instead decorated with bargeboard, a Gothic Revival feature. The first floor front windows are long, and topped by corniced lintels with heavy brackets, an Italianate style.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800984" title="Stuart Hooper">
Stuart Hooper

Stuart Hooper (born 18 November 1981 in Exeter, England) is a rugby union player for Bath Rugby in the Aviva Premiership.
Hooper played basketball at county level until he was 16, before opting for rugby on his move to the specialist sports campus at Ivybridge Community College in Devon. 
He broke into the Saracens team whilst still a teenager and played alongside Frenchman Abdel Benazzi in the second row. After making over 30 appearances or so for Saracens he made a surprise move to Leeds in June 2003. He made his Tykes debut against Bath Rugby on 14 September 2003. 
Phil Davies said at the time of his joining the Tykes: "Stuart Hooper is one of the best young second-rows in the country. He is an England Under-21 international and has a massive future in the game. I've been looking at him for more than a year and I'm chuffed to bits he's agreed to come to the Tykes. Saracens certainly didn't want to let him go but when the time was right we moved in and now he's on his way to Headingley." During his time at Leeds he helped them win the 2004–05 Powergen Cup, in the final of which he started.
In June 2005 Hooper was called up for England Saxons against France and was part of their Churchill Cup success in Canada. Hooper captained the 2009 Saxons side in the Churchill Cup.
Hooper was appointed as captain of Leeds Tykes for the 2005–06 Guinness Premiership season, and in doing so became the youngest captain in the league.
In April 2006, Hooper re-signed with Leeds, but left at the end of the 2007–08 season to join Bath.
On 5 July 2011 Hooper was named the new Bath club captain for the 2011–12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18800987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800987" title="Caridosuctor">
Caridosuctor

Caridosuctor is a genus of prehistoric coelacanth, lobe-finned fish, which lived during the Carboniferous period (Serpukhovian stage, about 318 - 326 million years ago). Fossils have been found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="18800993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800993" title="House at 322 Haven Street">
House at 322 Haven Street

The House at 322 Haven Street in Reading, Massachusetts is well preserved cottage with Gothic and Italianate features. Built sometime before 1889, the 1.5 story wood frame house has cornices and pilasters that are reminiscent of Greek Revival styling, but the door hood is distinctly Italianate in style, and there is Gothic bargeboard decoration in the front gable.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18800997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800997" title="Cungrea">
Cungrea

Cungrea is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Cepeşti, Cungrea, Ibăneşti, Mieşti, Oteştii de Jos, Oteştii de Sus and Spătaru.

</doc>
<doc id="18800998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18800998" title="Brebeni">
Brebeni

Brebeni is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Brebeni and Teiuşu.

</doc>
<doc id="18801000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801000" title="Cezieni">
Cezieni

Cezieni is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bondrea, Cezieni and Corlăteşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18801002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801002" title="Cilieni">
Cilieni

Cilieni is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Cilieni.

</doc>
<doc id="18801005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801005" title="Corbu, Olt">
Corbu, Olt

Corbu is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Burduleşti, Buzeşti, Ciureşti, Corbu and Milcoveni.

</doc>
<doc id="18801007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801007" title="Coteana">
Coteana

Coteana is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Coteana.

</doc>
<doc id="18801009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801009" title="Crâmpoia">
Crâmpoia

Crâmpoia is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Buta and Crâmpoia.

</doc>
<doc id="18801012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801012" title="Ubangian languages">
Ubangian languages

The Ubangian languages form a fairly close-knit language family of some seventy languages centered on the Central African Republic. They are the predominant languages of the CAR, spoken by 2–3 million people, and include the national language, Sango. They are generally included in the Niger–Congo family, though this has not been demonstrated.
External classification.
Greenberg (1963) classified the then-little-known Ubangian languages as Niger–Congo and placed them within the Adamawa languages as "Eastern Adamawa". They were soon removed to a separate branch of Niger–Congo, for example within Blench's Savanna languages. However, this has become increasingly uncertain, and Dimmendaal (2008) states that, based on the lack of convincing evidence for a Niger–Congo classification ever being produced, Ubangian "probably constitutes an independent language family that cannot or can no longer be shown to be related to Niger–Congo (or any other family)." Blench (2012) notes that Dimmendaal presents no positive evidence that it is distinct, and continues to include Ubangian within Niger–Congo.
Internal classification.
Boyd and Moñino (2010) removed the Gbaya and Zande languages. The half dozen remaining branches are coherent, but their interrelationships are not straightforward. Williamson & Blench (2000) propose the following arrangement:
In addition there is the Ngombe language, whose placement is uncertain due to a paucity of data. 
Note: The ambiguous name "Ngbaka" is used for various languages in the area. Generally, singular Ngbaka language refers to one of the main Gbaya languages, whereas plural Ngbaka languages refers to a branch of Ubangian.

</doc>
<doc id="18801013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801013" title="Colonești, Olt">
Colonești, Olt

Coloneşti is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of nine villages: Bărăşti, Bătăreni, Cârstani, Chelbeşti, Coloneşti, Gueşti, Mărunţei, Năvârgeni and Vlaici.

</doc>
<doc id="18801016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801016" title="Holman Williams">
Holman Williams

Holman Williams (born 1915-01-30 in Pensacola, Florida — died 1967-07-02) was a world welterweight boxing contender. 
Boxing career.
Williams began boxing as an amateur in 1928 as a bantamweight and had a successful 38-bout career. In 1932 he turned pro as a featherweight and would eventually be recognized as one of the cleverest welterweights and middleweights of his era. 
In his career as a welterweight and middleweight divisions, he fought such notable fighters as Cocoa Kid, Charley Burley, Kid Tunero, Lloyd Marshal, Eddie Booker, Steve Belloise, Bob Satterfield, Archie Moore, Marcel Cerdan and Jake LaMotta. 
When the World Colored Middleweight Championship was revived in the early 1940s, Charley Burley, who had been the colored welterweight champ, fought Williams for the title on 14 August 14, 1942 and won on a 9th round TKO. Williams won the title on a decision in their rematch on 16 October 1942, then lost the title on 15 January 1943 to the Cocoa Kid in a 12-round decision.
Williams retired with a 145-30-11, 1NC (35 KOs) record.
Death.
On July 15, 1967 Williams was killed in a fire while asleep in the club where he worked. 
Honors.
Williams was elected into the World Boxing Hall of Fame in 1996 and elected into the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="18801018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801018" title="Călui">
Călui

Călui is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Călui and Gura Căluiu. These were part of Oboga Commune until 2004, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18801019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801019" title="House at 42 Salem Street">
House at 42 Salem Street

The House at 42 Salem Street in Reading, Massachusetts is a transitional Greek Revival-Italianate house. Built sometime before 1854, its gable end faces the street, with the door on the left bay of three, a typical Greek Revival side hall layout. The doorway is topped by a heavy Italianate hood. The windows have shallow pedimented lintels, and the left facade has a projecting square bay.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801022" title="Bay Islands Voice">
Bay Islands Voice

Bay Islands Voice is an English language monthly publication in Roatan Island, Honduras. It covers news of Roatan, Utila and Guanaja. It has appeared since March 2003. Founded by Thomas Tomczyk (Bachelor of Architecture, University of Arkansas; MA in Journalism, University of Missouri; author "Roatan Magic Hidden Jewel of the Western Caribbean", ISBN 0-9829714-0-0). Current publisher and editor-in-chief is Robert Armstrong. "Bay Islands Voice" is a member of Inter American Press Association, Reporters Sans Frontieres (Reporters Without Borders), and Committee to Protect Journalists. 

</doc>
<doc id="18801023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801023" title="Cârlogani">
Cârlogani

Cârlogani is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Beculeşti, Cârlogani, Cepari, Scorbura and Stupina.

</doc>
<doc id="18801028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801028" title="Brastavățu">
Brastavățu

Brastavăţu is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Brastavăţu and Cruşovu.

</doc>
<doc id="18801031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801031" title="Brâncoveni">
Brâncoveni

Brâncoveni is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Brâncoveni, Mărgheni, Ociogi and Văleni.

</doc>
<doc id="18801034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801034" title="Bobicești">
Bobicești

Bobiceşti is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Bechet, Belgun, Bobiceşti, Chinteşti, Comăneşti, Govora, Leoteşti and Mirila.

</doc>
<doc id="18801036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801036" title="Jack Albright">
Jack Albright

Harold John "Jack" Albright (June 30, 1921 – June 22, 1991) was a Major League Baseball player. Albright played for the Philadelphia Phillies in the season. He batted and threw right-handed. In 41 games, Albright had 23 hits in 99 at-bats, he also had two home runs and eight errors at shortstop. 
He was born in St. Petersburg, Florida and died in San Diego, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18801039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801039" title="Bârza">
Bârza

Bârza is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Bârza and Braneţ.

</doc>
<doc id="18801040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801040" title="List of auto racing governing bodies in the United States">
List of auto racing governing bodies in the United States

This is a list of the auto racing governing bodies for the United States and the series they govern.

</doc>
<doc id="18801045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801045" title="65th meridian west">
65th meridian west

The meridian 65° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean Sea, South America, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 65th meridian west forms a great circle with the 115th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 65th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18801051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801051" title="Bărăști">
Bărăști

Bărăşti is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Bărăştii de Cepturi, Bărăştii de Vede (the commune center), Boroeşti, Ciocăneşti, Lăzăreşti, Mereni, Moţoeşti and Popeşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18801057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801057" title="Bălteni, Olt">
Bălteni, Olt

Bălteni is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Bălteni.

</doc>
<doc id="18801065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801065" title="Baldovinești">
Baldovinești

Baldovineşti is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Baldovineşti, Gubandru and Pietriş. It included four other villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Găvănești Commune.
Also, Baldovineşti is a commune in Braila County, Romania

</doc>
<doc id="18801068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801068" title="Băbiciu">
Băbiciu

Băbiciu is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Băbiciu.

</doc>
<doc id="18801079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801079" title="House at 44 Temple Street">
House at 44 Temple Street

The House at 44 Temple Street in Reading, Massachusetts is an excellent local example of the Bungalow style of architecture. Built c. 1910, it has a low hip roof with exceptionally wide eaves supported by exposed rafters. The front of the roof is further supported by two large decorative knee braces. Large square shingled piers anchor the balustrade of the front porch. 
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801092" title="House at 483 Summer Avenue">
House at 483 Summer Avenue

The House at 483 Summer Avenue in Reading, Massachusetts is a modestly decorated vernacular Federal style cottage. The 1.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1830, late for a Federal style building. The only significant Federal feature is the door surround, which has pilasters supporting a tall entablature with a projecting cornice.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801099" title="Deveselu">
Deveselu

Deveselu is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Comanca and Deveselu.
Air base.
The Romanian air force base was closed in 2003, forcing approximately 200 personnel into early retirement; about 15 still live in the commune in the "airmen neighborhood".
The air base near Deveselu was selected for the Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense System to become operational in 2015, using the SM-3 interceptor.

</doc>
<doc id="18801101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801101" title="Grojdibodu">
Grojdibodu

Grojdibodu is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Grojdibodu and Hotaru.

</doc>
<doc id="18801102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801102" title="The Last Days (Rosenberg novel)">
The Last Days (Rosenberg novel)

The Last Days is the second novel in the "Last Jihad" book series by Joel C. Rosenberg where he shows a fictional version of the end times.

</doc>
<doc id="18801104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801104" title="Gura Padinii">
Gura Padinii

Gura Padinii is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Gura Padinii and Satu Nou. These were part of Orlea Commune until 2004, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18801106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801106" title="Icoana">
Icoana

Icoana is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Floru, Icoana and Ursoaia.

</doc>
<doc id="18801107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801107" title="Izbiceni">
Izbiceni

Izbiceni is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Izbiceni.

</doc>
<doc id="18801108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801108" title="Leleasca">
Leleasca

Leleasca is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Afumaţi, Greereşti, Leleasca, Mierliceşti, Toneşti, Tufaru and Urşi.

</doc>
<doc id="18801109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801109" title="Morunglav">
Morunglav

Morunglav is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bărăşti, Ghioşani, Moruneşti, Morunglav and Poiana Mare.

</doc>
<doc id="18801110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801110" title="Oboga">
Oboga

Oboga is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Oboga. It also included Călui and Gura Căluiu villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Călui Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18801112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801112" title="Oporelu">
Oporelu

Oporelu is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Beria de Jos, Beria de Sus, Oporelu and Rădeşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18801113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801113" title="Orlea">
Orlea

Orlea is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Orlea and Orlea Nouă. It also included Gura Padinii and Satu Nou villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Gura Padinii Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18801114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801114" title="Osica de Sus">
Osica de Sus

Osica di Sus is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Greci, Osica de Sus, Ostrov, Tomeni and Vlăduleni.

</doc>
<doc id="18801115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801115" title="Poboru">
Poboru

Poboru is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Albeşti, Cornăţelu, Creţi, Poboru, Seaca and Surpeni.

</doc>
<doc id="18801117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801117" title="Priseaca">
Priseaca

Priseaca is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Buiceşti, Priseaca and Săltăneşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18801118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801118" title="Redea">
Redea

Redea is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Redea, Redişoara and Valea Soarelui.

</doc>
<doc id="18801119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801119" title="Susie Power-Reeves">
Susie Power-Reeves

Susie Power-Reeves (born 26 March 1975) is an Australian middle- and long-distance runner.
, Power-Reeves holds the current women's record for the Sydney City to Surf course, set in 2001. She also holds the Australian women's 1000m time (2:39.4, set in 1993) and several Australian women's under 20 records:
Power-Reeves won the women's event in the Sydney City to Surf in 2001 and 2002, and the Sydney Half Marathon in 2003. Her Sydney Half Marathon time is currently the third fastest women's time in the history of the event.

</doc>
<doc id="18801120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801120" title="Spineni">
Spineni

Spineni is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Alunişu, Cuza Vodă, Davideşti, Optăşani, Profa, Spineni and Vineţi.

</doc>
<doc id="18801121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801121" title="Studina">
Studina

Studina is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Studina and Studiniţa. It included three other villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Grădinile Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18801122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801122" title="Tia Mare">
Tia Mare

Tia Mare is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It has 4937 inhabitants, of whom 4929 are Romanians and 4928 are Romanian Orthodox. The commune is composed of three villages: Doanca, Potlogeni and Tia Mare.

</doc>
<doc id="18801123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801123" title="Topana, Olt">
Topana, Olt

Topana is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Cândeleşti, Ciorâca, Cojgărei, Topana and Ungureni.

</doc>
<doc id="18801124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801124" title="Tufeni">
Tufeni

Tufeni is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Barza, Stoborăşti and Tufeni.

</doc>
<doc id="18801125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801125" title="Urzica">
Urzica

Urzica is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Stăvaru and Urzica.

</doc>
<doc id="18801126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801126" title="House at 57 Woburn Street">
House at 57 Woburn Street

The House at 57 Woburn Street in Reading, Massachusetts is a Queen Anne style house designed by architect Horace G. Wadlin and built c. 1889 for Alfred Danforth, railroad employee who served for a time as Reading's town clerk. It is one of the town's more elaborate Queen Anne houses, with patterned shingles and an ornately decorated porch.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801128" title="Verguleasa">
Verguleasa

Verguleasa is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Căzăneşti, Cucueţi, Dumitreşti, Poganu, Valea Fetei, Vâneşti and Verguleasa.

</doc>
<doc id="18801129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801129" title="Vulpeni">
Vulpeni

Vulpeni is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of ten villages: Cotorbeşti, Gropşani, Mardale, Pescăreşti, Plopşorelu, Prisaca, Simniceni, Tabaci, Valea Satului and Vulpeni.

</doc>
<doc id="18801140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801140" title="Voineasa, Olt">
Voineasa, Olt

Voineasa is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Blaj, Mărgăriteşti, Racoviţa, Rusăneştii de Sus and Voineasa.

</doc>
<doc id="18801141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801141" title="Valea Mare, Olt">
Valea Mare, Olt

Valea Mare is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bârca, Recea, Turia, Valea Mare and Zorleasca.

</doc>
<doc id="18801142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801142" title="Traian, Olt">
Traian, Olt

Traian is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Traian.

</doc>
<doc id="18801143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801143" title="Teslui, Olt">
Teslui, Olt

Teslui is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Cherleştii din Deal, Cherleştii Moşteni, Comăniţa, Corbu, Deleni, Schitu Deleni and Teslui.

</doc>
<doc id="18801144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801144" title="Kid Norfolk">
Kid Norfolk

Kid Norfolk (10 July 1893 - 15 April 1968) was an African American boxer who fought as a light heavyweight and heavyweight from 1910 through 1926. Norfolk holds wins over many notable boxers of his day, including Joe Jeanette, Billy Miske, John Lester Johnson, Jack Blackburn, Harry Greb, Tut Jackson, Jamaica Kid, Tiger Flowers and Battling Siki.
Professional career.
Born William Ward in Belmont, Virginia, Norfolk moved with his family to Panama as a youngster. He made his professional boxing debut on 29 November 1910 at the Albaugh Theater in Baltimore, Maryland, losing a six-rounder to Kid Jasper on points. He fought in Baltimore through 1913, then began campaigning in Panama in 1914. He took his name from having been born on Norfolk Street back in Belmont. 
He first fought for the Panamanian Heavyweight Title on 16 May 1915, taking on Jeff Clark at the Vista Allegre Bull Ring in Panama City. Clark (who weighed 173) gave Kid Norfolk (weighing in at 174) a beating, and won the 20-rounder on points. (Their weights properly classed them as light heavies.) In a rematch on 12 November 1916, Kid Nortolk took Clark's title away from him on points in 20 rounds. The Kid defended the title against one time world heavyweight contender Athur Pelkey, a Canadian who had held the Dominion's heavyweight title and the White Heavyweight Championship during the latter days of Jack Johnson reign. The Kid K.O.-ed Pelkey in the 13th round.
Norfolk fought Sam Langford for the World Colored Heavyweight Championship on 17 December 1917 at Stockyards Stadium in Denver, Colorado, and was K.O.-ed in the second round of the scheduled 20-round bout. On 30 May 1921, The Kid fought Lee Anderson for the colored light heavyweight title in a scheduled 10-round bout in Phoenix, Arizona. Anderson won on a T.K.O. when Norfolk returned to his corner in the ninth round, being unable to continue to fight. (They would meet another three times in non-title bouts between 1922 and 1924, and The Kid prevailed each time.)
His next fight was against future world middleweight champ Harry Greb on 29 August 1921 in a 10-rounder at Forbes Field in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The Kid, at 178¾ lbs. outweighed Greb by 17 1/2 lbs., won four of the first five rounds and knocked Greb down in the third. Greb, however, won all of the last five rounds. Greb won a newspaper decision when two of the three newspaper covering the fight and the Associated Press gave him the win. During the fight, The Kid apparently landed a punch that caused a detachment of the retina in Greb's eye that later led to Greb going blind in that eye. 
When Norfolk fought The Jamaica Kid on 20 December 1921 at Madison Square Garden in New York City, he had claimed the world colored light heavyweight title. He beat the Jamaica Kid on points in an eight-round bout. In Atlanta on 30 January 1922, Norfolk faced Tiger Flowers, the boxer who would dethrone Greb and become the first African American world middleweight champ in 1926, K.O.-ing him in third round of a 10-rounder. He met reigning colored heavyweight champ Harry Wills on 2 March 1922 in Madison Square Garden in New York City for a 15-round non-title bout, losing to the great champion via a K.O. in the second round. Wills outweighed him by 25¾ lbs.
He had a draw in a fight with Tiger Flowers on the Fourth of July 1922 in Memphis, Tennessee, and they fought again on 8 Mary 1923 in Springfield, Ohio for the colored lightweight title. The Kid prevailed by K.O.-ing Tiger at 2:50 iton the first round of their scheduled 12-round bout. 
Norfolk fought Greb one more time on 19 April 1924 in a scheduled 10-rounder in Boston. The Kid won when Greb was disqualified for fighting in the sixth round. The fight was wild and wooly, The Kid besting Greb through the first give rounds. In the second round, Greb had lowered his head and The Kid through the ropes and into the press section, which should have disqualified him, according to the "Boston Globe". The last two rounds was a brutal, dirty fight, in which The Kid Norfolk several times intentionally punched Greb in the groin. When Greb retaliated, he disqualified which angered the crowd and forced the referee had to quit the ring. The result of the fight was a six-month suspension for both fighters. The boxing commission suspended both Greb and Norfolk six months for fighting after the bell. 
On 25 May 1925 at the Stadium Rink in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, Norfolk fought Canadian light heavyweight champ Jack Reddick in a 12-rounder, winning a decision on points. Norfolk retied in 1926 with an official record of 70 wins (with 38 K.O.s against 22 losses (being K.O.-ed seven times) and six draws along with 30 wins and two losses via newspaper decisions. Despite being a top contender, he never challenged for a world title, the color bar having been drawn in the light heavy and heavyweight divisions in his era. 
Norfolk died in 1953.
Honors.
Norfolk was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18801145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801145" title="Seaca, Olt">
Seaca, Olt

Seaca is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Seaca.

</doc>
<doc id="18801147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801147" title="Schitu, Olt">
Schitu, Olt

Schitu is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Catanele, Greci, Lisa, Moşteni and Schitu.

</doc>
<doc id="18801148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801148" title="Rotunda, Olt">
Rotunda, Olt

Rotunda is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Rotunda.
The nearest city is Caracal, at a distance of nearly 20 km.

</doc>
<doc id="18801149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801149" title="House at 77 Howard Street">
House at 77 Howard Street

The House at 77 Howard Street in Reading, Massachusetts is an excellent example of a well preserved Queen Anne Victorian house. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in the 1890s, as part of a building boom in which Reading was transformed into a railroad suburb of Boston. Although it has a basically rectangular massing, it has a complex appearance, with the turret on the left, bay windows on the front facade, and a large front gable on the right side of the hipped roof. The gable is decorated with scalloped shingles and has a small recessed window. The front porch has bracketed turned columns and delicate balusters.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801150" title="Milcov, Olt">
Milcov, Olt

Milcov is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Milcovu din Deal, Milcovu din Vale, Ulmi (the commune center) and Stejaru. It also included Ipoteşti village until 2004, when it was split off to form a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18801151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801151" title="Shubha Poonja">
Shubha Poonja

Shubha Poonja is an Indian actress and former model. She mostly appeared in Tamil and Kannada films.
Personal life.
Shubha Poonja in personal life is a graduate in BA from Bishop cotton Girls College in Bangalore. She was always interested in cultural activities & taking the center stage. She did a lot of fashion shows before pursuing her career on Advertisements & main stream cinema.
Career.
Shubha Poonja, a Mangalorean by birth, brought up in Bangalore, studied in Carmel Convent School, Jayanagar in Bangalore, before she started modelling, appearing in various television ads. Meanwhile, she took part at a beauty contest in Chennai, where she won the "Miss Chennai-Top Model 2003" title. Subsequently, she entered the Tamil film industry, after K. S. Vasanthakumar, director of the Tamil film "Machi" approached her to enact the lead female role in the film, having seen her photos. After starring in the Tamil films "Thirudiya Idhayathai" and "Shanmuga" in the following months, which all proved to be very unsuccessful at the box-office, failed to attract people and hence, went totally unnoticed, she got to enter the Kannada film industry with the 2006 film "Jackpot". Afterwards, she appeared in several Kannada films, including "Chanda", "Moggina Manasu" and "Slum Bala" and was able to make her mark there, with people beginning to take notice of her. Lately, she appeared in "Anjadiru", the Kannada remake of the 2008 Tamil hit film "Anjaathe", and in "Thakath".

</doc>
<doc id="18801153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801153" title="Iancu Jianu, Olt">
Iancu Jianu, Olt

Iancu Jianu is a commune in Olt County, Romania, named after the 19th century Wallachian hajduk Iancu Jianu. It is composed of three villages: Dobriceni, Iancu Jianu and Preoteşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18801154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801154" title="Pei Du">
Pei Du

Pei Du (裴度) (765 – April 21, 839), courtesy name Zhongli (中立), formally Duke Wenzhong of Jin (晉文忠公), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Xianzong, Emperor Xianzong's son Emperor Muzong, and Emperor Xianzong's grandsons Emperor Jingzong and Emperor Wenzong. Although a civilian official, he was also known for his military strategies, and he is best known for being in charge of the campaign against the warlord Wu Yuanji during Emperor Xianzong's reign.
Background.
Pei Du was born in 765, during the reign of Emperor Daizong. His family was from Hedong (河東, in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi) and traced its ancestry to a line of officials of Han Dynasty, Jin Dynasty (265-420), Former Yan, Later Qin, and Northern Wei, although Pei Du's direct ancestors was not listed with governmental offices for several generations until his grandfather Pei Youlin (裴有鄰), who served as a county magistrate, and his father Pei Xu (裴漵) served as a county secretary general.
In 789, during the reign of Emperor Daizong's son Emperor Dezong, Pei Du passed the imperial examinations and the special examination for grand speech. He later further passed special examinations for those who could properly criticize the government. He was thereafter made the sheriff of Heyin County (河陰, in modern Luoyang, Henan), and thereafter was made an imperial censor with the title "Jiancha Yushi" (監察御史). At one point, he submitted a secret petition that criticized those who were powerful due to their associations with Emperor Dezong, and thus was sent out of the capital Chang'an to serve as an administrator at the Henan Municipality (河南, i.e., the Luoyang region) government. He later became an imperial archiver (起居舍人, "Qiju Sheren").
During Emperor Xianzong's reign.
In 811, during the reign of Emperor Dezong's grandson Emperor Xianzong, Pei Du was made "Sifeng Yuanwailang" (司封員外郎), a low-level official at the ministry of civil service affairs (吏部, "Libu"), and put in charge of drafting edicts. He was soon promoted to be "Sifeng Langzhong" (司封郎中), a supervisorial official at the ministry of civil service affairs.
In 812, after Tian Xing the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei) submitted his circuit to imperial orders (previously, under Tian Xing's predecessor Tian Ji'an and prior military governors, Weibo had been governed in a "de facto" independent manner from the imperial government), Emperor Xianzong sent Pei to Weibo to comfort Tian Xing and the soldiers and to give a large cash reward to the Weibo soldiers. It was said that while at Weibo, Pei often spoke of the ways of faithfulness to Tian Xing, and that Tian Xing was attentive to Pei's encouragement. After Pei returned from the mission to Weibo, he was made "Zhongshu Sheren" (中書舍人), a mid-level official at the legislative bureau of government (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng").
In 814, Pei was made deputy chief imperial censor (御史中丞, "Yushi Zhongcheng"). While serving in that office, there was an occasion in spring 815 when he interceded on behalf of the exiled official Liu Yuxi, who was set to be made the prefect of Bo Prefecture (播州, in modern Zunyi, Guizhou), pointing out that, as Liu Yuxi's friend Liu Zongyuan, who was also to be exiled and who had offered to go to Bo Prefecture in Liu Yuxi's stead, that Bo Prefecture was so remote that Liu Yuxi could not possibly take his mother with him, and further pointing out that Emperor Xianzong himself also still had to support his mother (Empress Dowager Wang). Emperor Xianzong thus made Liu Yuxi the prefect of the somewhat less remote Lian Prefecture (連州, in modern Qingyuan, Guangdong).
By that point, Emperor Xianzong was deeply involved in a campaign against the warlord Wu Yuanji, who controlled Zhangyi Circuit (彰義, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan). He sent Pei to the front to observe the campaign. Upon return, Pei reported his belief that Wu could be defeated, and further commended the general Li Guangyan for his bravery and righteousness. When Li Guangyan subsequently often had victories against Zhangyi troops, Emperor Xianzong came to believe Pei to have good judgment of character.
In winter 815, assassins killed the chancellor Wu Yuanheng, who had been in charge of the campaign against Wu Yuanji; on the same morning, assassins tried to kill Pei as well, injuring Pei's head and causing Pei to fall into a ditch, but Pei's head was protected by a thick hat, allowing him to survive the attack. There was suggestions by some officials that Pei should be removed from office to appease Wu Yuanji's allies Wang Chengzong the military governor of Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei) and Li Shidao the military governor of Pinglu Circuit (平盧, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong). Emperor Xianzong rejected such talk, stating, "If I remove Pei Du from office, it will fulfill the desires of the treacherous, and the imperial government will no longer have any authority. My having Pei Du is sufficient to destroy the two bandits." He made Pei "Zhongshu Shilang" (中書侍郎), the deputy head of the legislative bureau, as well as "de facto" chancellor with the title "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事). Subsequently, when Pei pointed out that then-overall commander of the campaign against Wu Yuanji, Yan Shou (嚴綬), was incompetent, Emperor Xianzong made Han Hong the military governor of Xuanwu Circuit (宣武, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan) overall commander instead.
Pei continued to be a steadfast advocate for continuing the campaign against Wu Yuanji. In summer 816, after the imperial general Gao Xiayu (高霞寓) suffered a major defeat against Zhangyi troops, there were renewed talks among officials that the campaign should end. Emperor Xianzong was said to continue to follow Pei's advice, and Emperor Xianzong spoke sternly against those who suggested ending the campaign.
In winter 816, after the official Wang E (王鍔) died and offered much of his wealth to the imperial government, two servants of Wang's made a report that Wang Ji (王稷) had secretly modified Wang's will and hid some of the assets. Emperor Xianzong was set to send eunuchs to investigate this report, but Pei pointed out that Wang E had already offered a large amount of wealth, and investigations would cause all other officials to worry about what would happen after they died. Emperor Xianzong agreed, ended the investigation, and had Wang's servants executed.
As of fall 817, the campaign against Zhangyi was still ongoing without ultimate success. Pei's colleague Li Fengji advocated ending the campaign on account of army fatigue and treasury depletion. Pei, instead, offered to personally head to the front to oversee the campaign. Emperor Xianzong agreed, and, while Han remained titular overall commander, Pei was effectively put in charge and given a staff of talented officials and military officers, and he was also made the military governor of Zhangyi in anticipation of victory. When he wanted to take the general Zhang Maohe (張茂和, a son of the general Zhang Xiaozhong) as a subordinate, Zhang was fearful and declined. Pei requested that Zhang be executed for refusing a direct order, but Emperor Xianzong spared Zhang and only exiled him. Also, as Pei was concerned that the imperial scholar Linghu Chu would cooperate with Li Fengji in opposing the campaign after he left Chang'an, he accused Linghu of using inappropriate language on Pei's commissioning edict and had Linghu demoted. Before Pei departed, he stated to Emperor Xianzong:
Emperor Xianzong was greatly touched and shed tears.
Once Pei reached the front, he saw that the generals were hesitant to make their own decisions because they were being monitored by eunuchs sent by Emperor Xianzong. At Pei's request, the eunuch monitors were recalled, and it was said that only thereafter did the generals dare to make their own decisions. While Pei was at the front, there was an occasion when a surprise attack by the Zhangyi general Dong Chongzhi (董重質) nearly killed him, but he was protected by Li Guangyan and Tian Bu (Tian Xing's son) and escaped the attack.
Meanwhile, one of the imperial generals, Li Su the military governor of Tangsuideng Circuit (唐隨鄧, headquartered in modern Zhumadian) was planning a surprise attack on Zhangyi's capital Cai Prefecture (蔡州). When Li Su reported this plan to Pei, Pei approved of it. In winter 817, Li Su launched his attack and captured Cai Prefecture, taking Wu Yuanji captive and delivering him to Chang'an. When Pei subsequently arrived at Cai Prefecture, Li Su waited by the road to be ready to pay proper respect to Pei by military ceremony. Pei initially, in humility, wanted to avoid having Li Su bow to him, but Li Su pointed out that it was proper for them to demonstrate the proper etiquette for the imperial army before the surrendered soldiers and people of Cai Prefecture. Pei thus agreed.
During the brief time that Pei was at Cai Prefecture, he used the Cai Prefecture soldiers as his own guards. When there was warning by his subordinates that there were still many rebellious individuals in the Cai Prefecture army, Pei laughed and responded:
It was said that Pei's attitude touched the people of Cai Prefecture. Further, as during the rule of Wu Yuanji and his father Wu Shaoyang the people of Cai Prefecture were under strict regulations not to congregate, not to light candles at night, and not to hold feasts, Pei repealed all of these regulations. It was said that only then was some measure of normal life restored to the people of Cai Prefecture.
Around the new year 818, Emperor Xianzong was then set to recall Pei. Pei made his officer Ma Zong (馬總) the acting military governor and departed Cai Prefecture. On the way, he encountered the imperial eunuch Liang Shouqian (梁守謙), who had been bestowed two swords and given order to execute Wu Yuanji's former officers. Pei accompanied Liang back to Cai Prefecture and, not following Emperor Xianzong's orders in entirety, carried out punishment according to the faults of the officers rather than executing them. Only after doing so did he again depart Cai Prefecture. Emperor Xianzong thereafter created Pei the Duke of Jin and recalled him to Chang'an to again be chancellor.
While Pei was still at Zhangyi, his subordinate Han Yu recommended the commoner Bo Qi (柏耆) for a mission to persuade Wang Chengzong (whom Emperor Xianzong had believed to have been behind Wu Yuanheng's assassination and therefore declared a campaign against as well) to submit to imperial orders. Pei agreed and sent Bo. Wang, who was fearful after Wu Yuanji's destruction, sent his sons as hostages and surrendered two of his six prefectures to imperial control, offering to submit to imperial orders. Emperor Xianzong, after Tian Xing (whose name had been changed to Tian Hongzheng by this point) spoke in favor, agreed.
In 818, when Emperor Xianzong commissioned the imperial guards to construct a number of palaces, the imperial guard generals Zhang Fengguo (張奉國) and Li Wenyue (李文悅), believing that the realm was not yet peaceful, did not want the constructions to commence, and so reported this to the chancellors. Pei advised Emperor Xianzong to stop the constructions, but Emperor Xianzong became angry and did not agree with Pei. He moved Zhang and Li Wenyue to other positions and then commenced the constructions anyway. However, he continued to rely on Pei's advice on military matters, and Pei's colleague Li Yijian, believing himself to be less capable than Pei, offered to resign. Li Yijian was thus sent out of Chang'an to serve as the military governor of Huainan Circuit (淮南, headquartered in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu). Emperor Xianzong subsequently commissioned the officials Huangfu Bo and Cheng Yi as chancellors. As both Huangfu and Cheng had received imperial favor because of their gathering of money for the palace treasury. Pei, believing that neither was suitable to be chancellor and being ashamed to be chancellor with them, opposed the move. Emperor Xianzong disbelieved Pei and commissioned Huangfu and Cheng as chancellors anyway.
After Wang submitted to imperial orders, Li Shidao also offered to surrender three of his 12 prefectures and submit to imperial orders, but soon reneged on the offer. Emperor Xianzong thus declared a general campaign against Li Shidao. During the campaign, Tian Hongzheng offered to immediately attack Li Shidao, but Pei, pointing out to Emperor Xianzong that if he did so, per regulations at the time, the Weibo soldiers would have to be supplied by the imperial treasury immediately. He thus suggested that Weibo soldiers be kept at Weibo until winter 818. Emperor Xianzong agreed, and when Tian finally launched his attack in winter 818, the attack was effective and crossed the Yellow River into Pinglu territory. In spring 819, Li Shidao's subordinate Liu Wu killed Li Shidao and surrendered Pinglu to imperial control.
After the campaign against Pinglu was complete, it was said that because of various accusations that Huangfu and his associates made against Pei, Pei was sent out of Chang'an to serve as the military governor of Hedong Circuit (河東, headquartered in modern Taiyuan, Shandong) and the mayor of its capital Taiyuan Municipality, continuing to carry the title of chancellor as an honorary title.
During Emperor Muzong's reign.
In 821, during the reign of Emperor Xianzong's son Emperor Muzong, Chengde and Lulong (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing) soldiers rebelled under the leadership of Wang Tingcou and Zhu Kerong, respectively, killing Tian Hongzheng (whom Emperor Muzong had transferred to Chengde) and imprisoning Zhang Hongjing (a former chancellor that Emperor Muzong had transferred to Lulong). Emperor Muzong put Pei Du in command of the overall operations against Chengde and Lulong, but soon effectively gave that responsibility to Du Shuliang (杜叔良) as Du was put in command of the armies trying to relieve Niu Yuanyi (牛元翼), the prefect of Shen Prefecture (深州, in modern Hengshui, Hebei), who was holding out against Wang. Further, it was said that the imperial scholar Yuan Zhen, who wanted to be chancellor, and the eunuch Wei Hongjian (魏弘簡), were apprehensive that if Pei were victorious, he would again be in charge of the government, and thus interfered with requests that Pei submitted to Emperor Muzong. When Pei submitted an accusation against Yuan and Wei, Emperor Muzong felt compelled to demote Wei and strip Yuan of his status as imperial scholar, but was said to continue to trust Yuan. Nevertheless, with the imperial forces paralyzed by their need to receive imperial approval on decisions the generals were making and unable to prevail over Wang and Zhu, despite having a large numerical advantage and despite the presence of Pei and capable generals Wu Chongyin and Li Guangyan. By 822, Emperor Muzong abandoned the campaign and commissioned Zhu, then Wang, as military governors of their circuits. (It was said that his doing so was also at Yuan's behest, as Yuan did not want to see Pei continue to wield military command.) Despite their receiving commissions, Zhu and Wang did not relent on their siege of Shen Prefecture. Pei sent them letters rebuking them, and Zhu subsequently withdrew. Wang continued his pressure on Niu, however, and Niu eventually had to fight his way out of the siege.)
After the campaign ended, Pei was initially made "Sikong" (司空, one of the Three Excellencies) and defender of Luoyang, continuing to carry the honorary chancellor title. After the advisorial officials submitted many petitions pointing out that Pei had both civilian and military talents and should not be left in a largely ceremonial position, Emperor Muzong did not change Pei's commission initially but ordered him to first report to Chang'an to meet the emperor before heading for Luoyang. While Pei was at Chang'an, he apologized for being unable to defeat Wang and Zhu. Meanwhile, around the same time, Liu Wu, who had been made the military governor of Zhaoyi Circuit (昭義, headquartered in modern Changzhi, Shanxi), had detained the imperial eunuch monitor Li Chengjie (李承偕) after Li Chengjie had disrespected him and further plotted with his subordinate Zhang Wen (張汶) to arrest him and replace him with Zhang. Pei suggested issuing an edict executing Li Chengjie, believing that such a move would regain Liu's faithfulness to the imperial government, but Emperor Muzong, as both he and his mother Empress Dowager Guo favored Li Chengjie, did not do so. Rather, he accepted Pei's alternative suggestion to order that Li Chengjie be exiled. Only after such an edict was issued did Liu release Li Chengjie, but thereafter Liu began to disobey imperial orders. Shortly after the incident involving Liu Wu, Pei was commissioned to serve as the military governor of Huainan Circuit. However, the advisorial officials again petitioned to keep Pei at the central government. Emperor Muzong thus kept Pei at the capital as chancellor and sent Wang Bo to Huainan instead.
However, an incident shortly after would lead to both Pei and Yuan (who had been made chancellor by this point as well) both losing their chancellor positions. During the Chengde campaign, the official Yu Fang (于方) had suggested to Yuan that emissaries be sent to Chengde to persuade Wang Tingcou's officers to release the siege against Shen Prefecture. Soon, however, a rumor developed that Yu and Yuan were plotting to assassinate Pei. One Li Shang (李賞) reported the rumored plot to Pei, but Pei took no heed of it. Li Shang instead reported it to the imperial Shence Army. Emperor Muzong ordered an investigation, headed by the official Han Gao (韓皋). No positive evidence that Yu and Yuan plotted to assassinate Pei was discovered, but both Pei and Yuan were relieved of their chancellor duties, with Pei being made "You Pushe" (右僕射), one of the heads of the executive bureau (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng"), and Yuan made the prefect of Tong Prefecture (同州, in modern Weinan, Shaanxi). When advisorial officials again objected, Emperor Muzong stripped Yuan of his additional title as director of Changchun Palace (長春宮) but left the orders otherwise unchanged. Li Fengji was made chancellor.
In winter 822, Emperor Muzong suffered a stroke after being shocked by the accidental death of a eunuch at a polo game. As he was unable to rule on the petitions by the officials, the government was thrown into confusion and alarm. At the urging of Pei and Li Fengji, Emperor Muzong created his oldest son Li Zhan crown prince.
It was said that because Li Fengji disliked Pei, and his associates often criticized Pei, In 823, Pei was sent out of the capital to serve as the military governor of Shannan West Circuit (山南西道, headquartered in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi). However, contrary to the customs at the time when former chancellors were sent out to be military governors, he was not given an honorary chancellor title.
During Emperor Jingzong's reign.
In 824, by which time Emperor Muzong had died and been succeeded by Li Zhan (as Emperor Jingzong), Wang Tingcou, upon hearing the Niu Yuanyi, who had been serving as the military governor of Shannan East Circuit (山南東道, headquartered in modern Xiangfan, Hubei), had died, slaughtered Niu's family, which he had detained at Chengde. Emperor Jingzong, hearing reports of the Niu household being slaughtered, sighed and blamed the incident on the chancellors' lack of ability. The imperial scholar Wei Chuhou pointed out that Pei Du had great accomplishments but had been squeezed out of the chancellorship. Further, Emperor Jingzong saw that whenever Pei submitted reports, he did not list an honorary chancellor title among his titles. Wei blamed Li Fengji's machinations for this, and the chancellor Li Cheng also advised that Pei should be shown more respect. Emperor Jingzong thus conferred the honorary chancellor title on Pei, although he did not recall Pei at that time.
In winter 825, after Emperor Jingzong had sent several messengers to Shannan West's capital Xingyuan Municipality (興元) to confer with Pei and secretly asking him to request a trip to Chang'an to pay homage to the emperor, Pei did so. He arrived in Chang'an in spring 826, and, despite attacks Li Fengji and his partisans laid on Pei (including intimations that Pei had been prophesied to be emperor and was having designs on the throne), Pei was again made chancellor. Under Pei's advice, Emperor Jingzong abandoned his plans to visit Luoyang (after Pei pointed out the expenses it would take to repair the palaces at Luoyang and the palaces on the way from Chang'an to Luoyang). Meanwhile, at that time, both Wang and Zhu were submitted impolite petitions that, on the surface, offered to send troops to help repair Luoyang's defenses, but were intending to threaten the imperial government, Emperor Jingzong, per Pei's advice, acted without undue alarm and simply declined their offers.
During Emperor Wenzong's reign.
Around the new year 827, Emperor Jingzong was assassinated by the eunuch Su Zuoming (蘇佐明). The eunuch Liu Keming (劉克明) wanted to support Emperor Jingzong's brother Li Wu the Prince of Jiàng as emperor, but another faction of eunuchs, headed by Wang Shoucheng, Yang Chenghe (楊承和), Wei Congjian (魏從簡), and Liang Shouqian (梁守謙), killed Liu, Li Wu, and Liu's associates, and instead supported another brother of Emperor Jingzong's, Li Han the Prince of Jiāng (note different tone than Li Wu's title) as emperor (as Emperor Wenzong). Before Emperor Wenzong could formally take the throne, Pei served as regent for three days.
Meanwhile, around this time, Li Quanlüe (李全略) the military governor of Henghai Circuit (橫海, headquartered in modern Cangzhou, Hebei) had also died, and his son Li Tongjie tried to take control of the circuit. Emperor Wenzong tried to induce Li Tongjie not to do so by offering him the military governorship of Yanhai Circuit (兗海, headquartered in modern Jining, Shandong), but Li Tongjie refused. Emperor Wenzong ordered the military governors of the circuits around Henghai to attack Li Tongjie. Of those, Shi Xiancheng the military governor of Weibo was secretly in communication with Li Tongjie, as the two families had a marital relationship, but Pei, not knowing this, believed Shi to be dependable. Wei Chuhou, who was also chancellor by this point, however, told Shi's emissaries that he was aware of Shi's communications with Li Tongjie, and Shi thus did not dare to openly aid Li Tongjie.
In 829, when Li Deyu the governor of Zhexi Circuit (浙西, headquartered in modern Zhenjiang, Jiangsu) was recalled to serve as deputy minister of defense, Pei recommended Li Deyu to be chancellor, but due to the eunuchs' recommendations, another deputy minister, Li Zongmin, was made chancellor instead. Subsequently, by this point, Pei was also serving as the director of finances. His colleague Lu Sui, however, opined that chancellors should not also handle financial matters, pointing out the prior examples of Yang Guozhong, Yuan Zai, and Huangfu Bo. Pei thus resigned his post as director of finances, but remained as chancellor.
In 830, Pei, as he was old by this point, offered to resign his chancellorship. Emperor Wenzong, in response, made him "Situ" (司徒, also one of the Three Excellencies) and gave him the unusual chancellor title of "Pingzhang Junguo Zhongshi" (平章軍國重事), ordering him to report for duties only once every three or five days. Soon thereafter, however, as Li Zongmin resented Pei for having recommended Li Deyu over him, he had Pei sent out of the capital to serve as the military governor of Shannan East Circuit, carrying the honorary chancellor title of "Shizhong" (侍中). Once he reported to Shannan East Circuit, at his request, a large grazing range at Shannan East that was used to breed military horses, which was not yielding much results, was abolished, and the fields were returned to the farmers. In 834, he was made the defender of Luoyang. In 835, he was given the honorary chancellor title of "Zhongshu Ling" (中書令). Later that year, after a major outward clash of between the officials headed by Zheng Zhu and Li Xun and the powerful eunuchs, known as the Ganlu Incident, led to the deaths of four chancellors (Li Xun, Wang Ya, Jia Su, and Shu Yuanyu) and massive eunuch reprisals against those viewed as Zheng's and Li Xun's associates, Pei urged leniency, and it was said that some 10 families were spared because of his efforts.
In 837, Pei was again made the military governor of Hedong Circuit as well as the mayor of Taiyuan. Pei declined on the basis that he was too old to command an army, but Emperor Wenzong did not agree, issuing an edict that praised Pei but not changing the orders, so Pei was required to report to Hedong. In winter 838, he grew ill, and he requested to return to Luoyang to try to recuperate. In spring 839, Emperor Wenzong instead recalled him to Chang'an to serve as chancellor with the title of "Zhongshu Ling". After he arrived at Chang'an, however, he was too ill to receive the commission officially and was permitted to return home. He died shortly after and was given great posthumous honors. When Emperor Wenzong inquired about why Pei did not have a final petition as was customary for officials at the time prior to death, Pei's family submitted a draft that he had partially written — in which Pei had expressed concerns that Emperor Wenzong did not yet create a crown prince, and in which Pei did not make requests on behalf of family members — as was also customary at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="18801156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801156" title="Ianca, Olt">
Ianca, Olt

Ianca is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Ianca and Potelu.

</doc>
<doc id="18801157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801157" title="Dobrun, Olt">
Dobrun, Olt

Dobrun is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Chilii, Dobrun, Roşienii Mari, Roşienii Mici, and Ulmet. It also included Bobu and Osica de Jos villages until 2004, when these split off to form Osica de Jos commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18801165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801165" title="Nuclear Rabbit">
Nuclear Rabbit

Nuclear Rabbit is a California band, started in Novato. The band's music has been called metal, more specifically "avant-garde" metal, but incorporates a variety of other styles, making classification difficult. Known for its unusual sound and lyrics, as well as bassist Jean Baudin's 11-string bass. Nuclear Rabbit has a large fan base despite being a perpetually underground and independent band. They are arguably one of the most well known underground bands in California, having more mainstream bands like Papa Roach, Alien Ant Farm, and Deftones opening for them.
Biography.
Nuclear Rabbit was started in 1989 by bassist Jean Baudin, who was influenced by a variety of music styles, including Fishbone and Bad Brains, and envisioned having a band not bound to any genre. He was soon joined by guitarist Pat Garner and drummer Steve "Stymie" Sigaty. Originally Baudin performed the vocals, but Greg Parrish was eventually asked to step in as vocalist. Nuclear Rabbit incorporates a variety of genres in their music, including metal, funk, ska, hardcore, punk, jazz, East Indian, and Egyptian. Baudin uses a variety of bass techniques, including tapping, slapping and popping. Their music is often characterized by sudden tempo changes and wacky musical stylings.
The band recorded several demos, some of which are included on the compilation "Vicuna". After a quick switch of guitarists, Nuclear Rabbit recorded their first full-length album, "Intestinal Fortitude", in 1998. Soon after, Greg left the band and was replaced by Jon Scullion, with whom they recorded their "More Human" EP.
In 2000, following "More Human", Nuclear Rabbit went on hiatus. During this time Jean and Steve formed an alternative rock style group called Element of Surprise, often stylized as "E:OS." The band was formed as a supergroup of underground artists, eventually including vocalist Andy Slipka of Tribal Disco Noise and guitarist Raye Medeiros of Ten Man Killer. Medeiros left the band some time after, and Baudin asked Pat Garner to step in. They recorded two demos,"2:001" and "U:pside Down", before the band called it quits in 2002.
Nuclear Rabbit reunited in 2002 with its original line-up and recorded their 2nd full length, "Mutopia", the title being a portmanteau of the words mutation and utopia. The album was well received, but the band went through more line-up changes following the supporting tour. A few shows were played in the Northern California area in 2008 with new guitarist Macy Mullen, as well as new drummer Timothy Bailey, though the band is now currently on an unofficial hiatus, with a status of "Writing New Tunes!" on their official MySpace page for 3 years with no updates. In August, 2011, the band announced their first show in three years via JeanBaudin.com, and played an hour-long set on October 8, 2011, at 924 Gilman in Berkeley, CA.

</doc>
<doc id="18801167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801167" title="Curtișoara">
Curtișoara

Curtişoara is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Curtişoara, Dobrotinet, Linia din Vale, Pietrişu, Proaspeţi and Raiţiu.

</doc>
<doc id="18801173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801173" title="Grădinile">
Grădinile

Grădinile is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Arvăteasca, Grădinile and Plăviceanca. These were part of Studina Commune until 2004, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18801174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801174" title="Gostavățu">
Gostavățu

Gostavăţu is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Gostavăţu and Slăveni.

</doc>
<doc id="18801175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801175" title="Ghimpețeni">
Ghimpețeni

Ghimpeţeni is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Ghimpeţeni and Ghimpeţenii Noi. These were part of Nicolae Titulescu Commune until 2004, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18801176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801176" title="Giuvărăști">
Giuvărăști

Giuvărăşti is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Giuvărăşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18801177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801177" title="Gârcov">
Gârcov

Gârcov is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Gârcov and Ursa.

</doc>
<doc id="18801179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801179" title="Găvănești">
Găvănești

Găvăneşti is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Băleasa, Broşteni, Dâmburile and Găvăneşti. These were part of Baldovinești Commune until 2004, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18801180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801180" title="Fărcașele">
Fărcașele

Fărcaşele is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Fărcaşele, Fărcaşu de Jos, Ghimpaţi and Hotărani.

</doc>
<doc id="18801181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801181" title="Fălcoiu">
Fălcoiu

Fălcoiu is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Cioroiaşu, Cioroiu and Fălcoiu.

</doc>
<doc id="18801182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801182" title="Făgețelu">
Făgețelu

Făgeţelu is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Bâgeşti, Chilia, Făgeţelu, Gruiu, Isaci and Pielcani.

</doc>
<doc id="18801183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801183" title="Drăghiceni">
Drăghiceni

Drăghiceni is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Drăghiceni, Grozăveşti and Liiceni.

</doc>
<doc id="18801184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801184" title="Dăneasa">
Dăneasa

Dăneasa is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Berindei, Cioflanu, Dăneasa, Pestra and Zănoaga.

</doc>
<doc id="18801185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801185" title="House at 79-81 Salem Street">
House at 79-81 Salem Street

The House at 79-81 Salem Street in Reading, Massachusetts is a modest Greek Revival two-family cottage. The wood frame house was built sometime between 1830 and 1854 is a typical vernacular Greek Revival house. The two entrances are centered on the main facade, and are flanked by pilasters supporting a modest entablature.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801192" title="Domingo Jean">
Domingo Jean

Domingo Jean Luisa is a former professional baseball pitcher. He played part of one season in Major League Baseball, pitching in 10 games for the New York Yankees in .
Professional career.
White Sox.
Jean was originally signed by the Chicago White Sox as an amateur free agent in . He began his professional career with the GCL White Sox the following season, and in pitched for the South Bend White Sox. On January 10, Jean was traded to the Yankees as part of a package for Steve Sax.
Yankees.
Jean was assigned to the Fort Lauderdale Yankees to start the 1992 season. He pitched most of the year there, although at the end of the season he was promoted to the Double-A Albany-Colonie Yankees for one start.
In , Jean split the year between three minor league levels before making his major league debut on August 8. He started that day's game against the Minnesota Twins, pitching 6.2 innings and giving up four runs. Although Jean did not get a decision, the Yankees won the game 8–6. He earned his lone major league win on August 20 over the Kansas City Royals, pitching 7 innings and giving up just two runs. He finished the season with a record of 1–1 with a 4.46 ERA. Jean was the last active New York Yankee player to wear number 42 before Mariano Rivera donned it in 1995. 
After the season, Jean was traded to the Houston Astros along with fan favorite Andy Stankiewicz for pitcher Xavier Hernandez.
Minor league journeyman.
Jean opened the 1994 season in the minor leagues with the Triple-A Tucson Toros. However, due to injuries, he appeared in just six games. The following year, he started the season with Tucson, but was traded to the Texas Rangers in May. He was assigned to the Oklahoma City 89ers, where he pitched as both a starter and reliever. However, he was just 3–8 with an ERA of 6.14. Late in the season, he was acquired by the Cincinnati Reds organization, where appeared in two games for the Indianapolis Indians.
In , Jean was converted to a full-time reliever. He spent most of the year with the Double-A Chattanooga Lookouts, where he compiled 31 saves in just 39 games. He returned to Chattanooga the following year, but after posting an ERA of 9.75 in 10 games he was let go.
After spending in the Colorado Rockies organization, Jean signed with the independent Bridgeport Bluefish in . In , he returned to the Yankees' organization, where he spent the next three seasons between the Double-A Norwich Navigators and Triple-A Columbus Clippers. In , Jean pitched his final professional season with the Langosteros de Cancún of the Mexican League.

</doc>
<doc id="18801206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801206" title="Jabez Weston House">
Jabez Weston House

The Jabez Weston House is a historic house at 86 West Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The older portion of this 2.5 story timber frame house was built c. 1779 in a late-Georgian early-Federalist style. This portion consisted of a five bay section with a centrally located front door. Sometime (probably still in the 18th century), an eastern extension added three bays and a second entrance, converting the building into a two family residence. The property belonged to the Weston family, who were early settlers of the area.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801224" title="Jacob Manning House">
Jacob Manning House

The Jacob Manning House is an historic house at 140 High Street in Reading, Massachusetts. Built in 1877 for garden nursery owner Jacob Manning, this 2.5 story wood frame house is an excellent local example of Stick style architecture. It has a steeply pitched roof, multiple gables, tall thin windows, and decorative half-timber woodwoork. The owner, Jacob Manning, owned one of the largest nurseries in the area, and was responsible for the landscaping of the Massachusetts pavilion at the 1893 Chicago World Fair.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801226" title="Dobrețu">
Dobrețu

Dobreţu is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Curtişoara, Dobreţu and Horezu.

</doc>
<doc id="18801228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801228" title="Găneasa, Olt">
Găneasa, Olt

Găneasa is a commune in Olt County, Romania, in the vicinity of Piatra-Olt town. It is composed of five villages: Dranovăţu, Găneasa, Grădiştea, Izvoru and Oltişoru.

</doc>
<doc id="18801229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801229" title="Grădinari, Olt">
Grădinari, Olt

Grădinari is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Grădinari, Petculeşti, Runcu Mare and Satu Nou.

</doc>
<doc id="18801230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801230" title="Paddy Mayes">
Paddy Mayes

Adair Bushyhead "Paddy" Mayes (March 17, 1885 to May 28, 1963) was a Major League Baseball player. In the 5 games he played for the 1911 Philadelphia Phillies he amassed 5 at-bats, going 0 for 5 with a walk. Mayes played as an outfielder. 
He was born in Locust Grove, Oklahoma and died in Fayetteville, Arkansas.

</doc>
<doc id="18801233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801233" title="Hülgerahu">
Hülgerahu

Hülgerahu is a small, uninhabited, moraine-based Baltic Sea island belonging to the country of Estonia. 
Hülgerahu covers approximately 0.15 hectares and lies just off the eastern coast of the larger island Kõverlaid.
The island belongs to both the Hiiumaa Islets Landscape Reserve and the The Laidelaht Wilderness Area and is closed to the public. Its beaches are an important breeding ground for birds and marine mammals such as seals. 
See also.
List of islands of Estonia

</doc>
<doc id="18801236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801236" title="James Nichols House">
James Nichols House

The James Nichols House is a historic house at 273 Pearl Street in Reading, Massachusetts. Built c. 1795, this 1.5 story gambrel-roofed house is built in a vernacular Georgian style, and is a rare local example of the style. There is a late 19th century Queen Anne carriage house on the property.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801237" title="Babala">
Babala

Babala is a village development committee in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. According to the 1991 Nepal census it has a population of 2,623 and had 539 houses in the village
The population is entirely Hindu.
In 2001, 1252 people were illiterate, 252 male and 1001 female. In 2001, 805 in Babala were attending school, 459 male and 347 female.
In July 2003 the village was affected by landslides and resulted in an acute shortage of food. The flood displaced twelve families. The Nepal Red Cross Society (NRCS) was sent in to provided relief materials like food, clothes, utensils and cash. A flood victim in Babala reported to the Kathmandu Post
"Everything including my house has been swept away by the landslides".
References.
Neppol Megasite

</doc>
<doc id="18801240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801240" title="Shock to the System (Billy Idol song)">
Shock to the System (Billy Idol song)

"Shock to the System" is single by Billy Idol, released to promote his 1993 album "Cyberpunk".
Conception.
Idol explained for MTV News, he had originally created the song with an entirely different set of lyrics, but upon witnessing the Los Angeles riots of 1992 on television, he immediately rewrote and recorded them that day.
Music video.
A music video was created for the song, and was set in a dystopian future controlled by Cyber-cops (referred to as such by director Brett Leonard.) It depicted an individual who records the Cyber-cops beating a man, only to be noticed and attacked himself. His camera is destroyed and the Cyber-cops leave him unconscious on the ground, as they are busy trying to put down a riot elsewhere in the city. Alone, his camera equipment lands on him and is absorbed into his body, causing him to dramatically morph into a cyborg. The cyborg then joins the riot, leading the rebels to victory.
Idol explained that he was trying to capture the political and economic conflict that had created the LA Riots, and that the camcorder – as displayed in the witnessing of the Rodney King beating – was a "potent way of conveying ideas" and an important metaphor for technology used in rebellion.
The make-up effects were achieved through stop motion, with Billy Idol moving in slow stages during points of the filming. Stan Winston, who had previously worked on the Terminator series and Jurassic Park, supervised and created the special effects for the video. The music video for "Shock to The System" was nominated for "Best Special Effects in a Video" and "Best Editing in a Video" at the 1993 MTV Video Music Awards, losing both times to Peter Gabriel's video for "Steam".
Reception.
The video and song were also heavily analyzed for the overtones of racial, sexual, and physical trauma presented within them by Thomas Foster, associate professor at Indiana University, in his 2005 book, "The Souls of Cyberfolk".
Track listing.
Several singles for "Shock to the System" were released to various countries. Several included various remixes of "Heroin", a cover of The Velvet Underground's song of the same name, composed and written by Lou Reed. The cover of "Heroin" also included the lyric "Jesus died for somebody's sins/But not mine", written by Patti Smith for her cover of "Gloria". The Australian, Japan, Netherlands, and U.S. releases included the track "Aftershock", which was not included in the "Cyberpunk" CD.
U.K. double CD release

</doc>
<doc id="18801256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801256" title="Jerry Nichols Tavern">
Jerry Nichols Tavern

The Jerry Nichols Tavern is an historic house at 51 Mill Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The oldest portion of the house was built in 1785 by Jeremiah Nichols, a Revolutionary War veteran, farmer, and shoemaker. The building was expanded 1810-13, and had by 1830 been adapted as a tavern and stage coach stop. In 1824 it was bought by Rev. Peter Sanborn, in whose family it remained into the 1940s.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801260" title="China Concepts Stock">
China Concepts Stock

China Concepts Stock is a set of stock of companies whose assets or earnings have significant activities in Mainland China. The People's Republic of China is undergoing major financial transformation, many leading mainland-based companies choose to list themselves overseas to gain access to investor capital. Currently, there are China Concepts Stock listed in several major stock exchange around the globe, which includes: SEHK, SGX, NYSE，NASDAQ，AMEX，LSE，Euronext，TSE. 
During the Financial crisis of 2007–2010, many publicly traded Chinese companies were tainted by fraud scandals. In Hong Kong, there has been several P Chips Frauds. Singapore has had to cope with S-Chips Scandals. And the United States is currently investigating the China Stock Frauds.
United States of America.
Some China Concepts Stock listed in NYSE，NASDAQ，AMEX take the form of American Depositary Receipt/ADR instead of Common Stock.

</doc>
<doc id="18801264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801264" title="Debarking">
Debarking

Debarking is the process of removing bark from wood. Traditional debarking is conducted in order to create a fence post or fence stake which would then go on to be pointed before being planted.
Debarking can occur naturally during powerful tornados.
Process.
Debarking generally involves the use of industrial machinery into which the log or stake is placed. These machines can be either stationary or portable. Generally they are powered by hydraulic motors but can also be driven by a power take-off. The log or stake is then pressed against blades or knives which remove the bark while the log is turned to ensure the removal of bark from all around the log.
Debarking can also take place by hand, although this can be very time consuming and may not be suitable for large volumes.

</doc>
<doc id="18801266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801266" title="Battery management system">
Battery management system

A battery management system (BMS) is any electronic system that manages a rechargeable battery (cell or battery pack), such as by protecting the battery from operating outside its Safe Operating Area, monitoring its state, calculating secondary data, reporting that data, controlling its environment, authenticating it and / or balancing it. 
A battery pack built together with a battery management system with an external communication data bus is a smart battery pack. A smart battery pack must be charged by a smart battery charger.
Functions.
Monitor.
A BMS may monitor the state of the battery as represented by various items, such as:
Computation.
Additionally, a BMS may calculate values based on the above items, such as:
Communication.
A BMS may report all the above data to an external device, using communication links such as:
Internally a BMS might use:
via these communication busses:
Protection.
A BMS may protect its battery by preventing it from operating outside its safe operating area, such as:
The BMS may prevent operation outside the battery's safe operating area by:
Battery connection to load circuit.
A BMS may also feature a precharge system allowing a safe way to connect the battery to different loads and eliminating the excessive inrush currents to load capacitors.
The connection to loads is normally controlled through electromagnetic relays called contactors. The precharge circuit can be either power resistor connected in series with the loads until the capacitors are charged. Alternatively a switched mode power supply connected in parallel to loads can be used to charge the voltage of the load circuit up to a level close enough to battery voltage in order to allow closing the contactors between battery and load circuit.
Optimization.
In order to maximize the battery's capacity, and to prevent localized under-charging or over-charging, the BMS may actively ensure that all the cells that compose the battery are kept at the same State Of Charge, through balancing. The BMS can balance the cells by:
Topologies.
BMS technology varies in complexity and performance:
BMS topologies fall in 3 categories:
Centralized BMSs are most economical, least expandable, and are plagued by a multitude of wires.
Distributed BMSs are the most expensive, simplest to install, and offer the cleanest assembly.
Modular BMSs offer a compromise of the features and problems of the other two topologies.
The requirements for a BMS in mobile applications (such as electric vehicles) and stationary applications (like stand-by UPSs in a server room) are quite different, especially from the space and weight constraint requirements, so the hardware and software implementations must be tailored to the specific use. In the case of electric or hybrid vehicles, the BMS is only a subsystem and cannot work as a standalone device. It must communicate with at least a charger (or charging infrastructure), a load, thermal management and emergency shutdown subsystems. Therefore, in a good vehicle design the BMS is tightly integrated with those subsystems. Some small mobile applications (such as medical equipment carts, motorized wheelchairs, scooters, and fork lifts) often have external charging hardware, however the on-board BMS must still have tight design integration with the external charger.

</doc>
<doc id="18801279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801279" title="HMS Laertes (1913)">
HMS Laertes (1913)

HMS "Laertes" was a "Laforey"-class destroyer of the Royal Navy.
Construction.
She was launched from the yards of Swan, Hunter & Wigham Richardson, Wallsend, on 5 June 1913 under the name HMS "Sarpedon". She was renamed HMS "Laertes" on 30 September 1913. She possessed three 4-inch guns and four torpedo tubes, and was designed to operate in British coastal waters against enemy surface and submarine shipping.
Career.
"Laertes" became part of the 3rd Destroyer Flotilla based at Harwich.
She took part in the Battle of Heligoland Bight on 28 August 1914, where she was seriously damaged suffering four shell strikes. The most serious struck the boiler room, temporarily cutting off all steam supplies to the engines leaving the ship motionless. Another shot destroyed the middle funnel, while a gun was also hit. While "Laertes" was seriously damaged and stopped in the water, went to her aid under heavy fire. Lieutenant Commander Gye manoeuvred to pass a tow, but in getting underway the towing hawser parted. "Laertes" was saved only by the arrival of the battle cruiser . The ship managed to restore some power but had to be towed back to England.
"Laertes" was one of the destroyers of the Harwich squadron which attempted to head off attacking German ships during the Bombardment of Yarmouth and Lowestoft on 25 April 1916. The ship was hit by shellfire damaging the boiler room, and would most likely have sunk except for the actions of Stoker Ernest Clarke. Clarke later died from burns received while saving the ship and was posthumously awarded the distinguished service medal. Five of the crew were injured during the attack. Stoker Petty Officer Stephen Pritchard, who entered the cabin flat immediately after a shell had exploded there, and worked a fire hose, was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal.
In 1917 she was transferred to escort duties. She was sold on 1 December 1921 to Stanlee, of Dover for breaking up. She stranded whilst being towed to the breakers, but arrived on 8 March 1922. She was scrapped that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18801287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801287" title="Łukasz Maszczyk">
Łukasz Maszczyk

Łukasz Maszczyk (born December 15, 1984 in Myszków) is a Polish amateur boxer who has qualified for the 2008 Olympics at Light-Flyweight.
Career.
At the World Championships 2007 Maszczyk lost in the opening rounds to Georgiy Chygayev. He later qualified for the Olympics by beating Belarusian boxer Anton Bekish in the semi final of a European qualifying tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18801293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801293" title="Madame Doubtfire">
Madame Doubtfire

Madame Doubtfire, known as Alias Madame Doubtfire in the United States, is a 1987 novel for teenagers/young adults, about a family with divorced parents. It was adapted into the film "Mrs. Doubtfire", starring Robin Williams, in 1993.
Plot.
Daniel and Miranda Hilliard are separated, and Miranda, a successful businesswoman, severely limits the amount of time her husband, an impractical, out-of-work actor, is allowed to spend with their three children. When Miranda decides to hire a nanny, however, Daniel disguises himself as a woman and gets the job. The two eldest children immediately know who "Madame Doubtfire" is, but the youngest and Miranda are fooled. Daniel uses his disguise to spend time with his children. Miranda comments that the house has never been run better. 
After Miranda discovers Daniel's secret — and after one more terrible fight — both parents admit to mistakes and make arrangements for Daniel to see his children more often.
Film adaptation.
The feature film adaptation was produced by 20th Century Fox, with a budget of $25 million, and was released on November 24, 1993. The adaptation was by Leslie Dixon and Randi Mayem Singer, and directed by Chris Columbus. Robin Williams played the eponymous character, and Sally Field played his wife, Miranda. In the film, his disguise is so well-done that no one in his family recognizes him at first, the nanny and Miranda get very close. Likewise, Greg Cannom, Ve Neill and Yolanda Toussieng received the Academy Award for Best Makeup for creating it. Watch the movie trailer by clicking on this link. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I1XlqP62E5M

</doc>
<doc id="18801301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801301" title="Scott Touzinsky">
Scott Touzinsky

Scott Joseph Touzinsky (born April 22, 1982) in an American volleyball player. Touzinsky has been with the U.S. national team since May 2007. With the national team, Touzinsky made his Olympic debut at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and won a gold medal.
Personal life.
Touzinsky was born in Saint Louis, Missouri, to Charles and Anne Touzinsky. In 2006, Touzinsky married Angelique Vogel, a promotional spokesmodel, which he said was the happiest moment in his life.
Touzinsky attended St. John Vianney High School in Kirkwood, Missouri, where he graduated in 2000. During his senior year at Vianney, Touzinsky took first place in the school's arm wrestling championship after beating longtime rival Brian Scheman in the finals.
In 2004, Touzinsky severely tore his anterior cruciate ligament and was told he might never play volleyball at a professional level again. After six months, he was playing with a pro volleyball team in Belgium.
College.
Touzinsky attended Long Beach State and finished his career as the single-season ace leader. In 2004, his senior season, he was an AVCA First Team All-American and became the all-time ace leader for Long Beach State. In January 2004, Touzinsky became just the third player in NCAA Division I-II to score 40 or more kills in an all rally-scoring match when he posted 40 versus BYU. He led the 49'ers to the 2004 NCAA Men's Volleyball Championship match, where they finished as runners-up to BYU. In addition, he was the 2001 MPSF Freshman of the Year and was a Second Team All-American in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18801313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801313" title="Marchetti">
Marchetti

Marchetti is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18801318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801318" title="Spencer Myrick">
Spencer Myrick

Willie Spencer Myrick, known as W. Spencer Myrick (November 23, 1918 – November 24, 1991), was a conservative Democrat member of both houses of the Louisiana State Legislature from West Carroll Parish in northeastern Louisiana.
Myrick was one of ten children born in Simpson County in south central Mississippi, to tenant farmers James Martin "Jim" Myrick and his wife, the former Allie Artimissa Parker. Prior to the Great Depression, the family relocated to West Carroll Parish, where they purchased a farm near Oak Grove. Myrick dropped out of school in the third grade to help his parents to work the farm. One of his living brothers is Billie E. "Bill" Myrick, a Country music figure from Odessa, Texas. 
Myrick first entered state politics as an elected member of the House of Representatives, having served from 1956 to 1960 during the final administration of Governor Earl Kemp Long. During the following second administration of Governor Jimmie Davis, Myrick was an investigator for the since defunct Louisiana Sovereignty Commission, which monitored civil rights activists and communist infiltrators within the state. The panel was headed by Frank Voelker, Jr., a Tulane University Law School graduate and the former city attorney in his native Lake Providence in East Carroll Parish, located due east of Myrick's own West Carroll Parish. Voelker ran in the 1963 Democratic gubernatorial primary but polled few votes. In that same election, Myrick was nominated and then elected without opposition to the Louisiana State Senate. He served a single term from 1964 to 1968. 
Myrick did not seek reelection to the Senate in 1967. Instead, he ran unsuccessfully statewide for Louisiana insurance commissioner against the one-term incumbent Dudley A. Guglielmo. Myrick also worked periodically as an aide to Governor Earl Long, a confidant and friend. 
Myrick was the fourth great grandson of (Major) Samuel Earle, III, born ca. 1690 in the Cople Parish of Westmoreland County, Virginia. An early graduate of William & Mary College, Earle became an attorney. He was elected the first member of the Virginia House of Burgesses from Frederick County, having held the seat that would later be occupied by first U.S. President George Washington. Earle owned land adjoining that of George Washingtgon's father, Augustine Washington. Earle's plantation housed the Yeocomico Episcopal Church, which the Washington and Ball families attended. (Major) Samuel Earle, III's first wife was Anna Sorrell with whom he had several children including his first son to be named Samuel Earle, IV who was born in 1727 and died abt. 1752 and, after the death of Anna Sorrell, married second wife Elizabeth Holbrook, over thirty years his junior, with whom he had several children including his second son to be named Samuel Earle, IV, (RS,) born: 1760 at Town Run Estates, Fauquier County, Virginia, died: 1845 in Mobile, Alabama, who fought in the Revolutionary War as did a nephew of the same name also born in 1760. The second Samuel Earle, IV, (RS,) was the third great grandfather of W. Spencer Myrick and his siblings. The Earle lineage is descended from the Earle/de Erleigh/Earleigh men known as "The White Knights" including Sir John Erleigh/de Earleigh who was closely associated with William Marshall and Sir John de Erleigh's wife Margaret de Bryan/Brienne, daughter of Sir Guy de Bryan/Brienne, K.G. - Knight of the Garter, also direct ancestral grandparents of Diana Spencer, Princess of Wales. Sir John Earle, I/Sr., born: ca. 1614 at Somerton Estate, Nye, Winscomb, Somerton, Somersetshire, England, and his first wife Mary Symons, born: abt. 1618 in Gloucestershire, England, were the seventh great grandparents of W. Spencer Myrick and the first immigrants to America in this lineage. Sir John Earle, I/Sr. arrived in St. Mary's County, Maryland in 1649 immediately moving into Northumberland County, Virginia where he settled Yeocomico/Yeocomoco Plantation after acquiring it from the Yeocomico Indians. There he built the family estate "Spring Neck" on Earle's Creek as the first of several family plantations.
Myrick was descended from numerous ancestral grandfathers from England who arrived early in the Virginia colony. His ancestors were of royal and noble bloodlines, including the Tudors, whose descendants would be part of the major plantation-owning citizens of Virginia, the Carolinas, and Georgia and later into Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana. Many of them lost their land and fortunes during the American Civil War, and many became tenant farmers-- as did Myrick's parents, who purchased their land and sat about restoration for their families.
After his legislative years, Myrick and his wife, the former Marie Gammill (May 13, 1918–June 19, 1998) resided in Baton Rouge, where Myrick died. Mrs. Myrick died in Monroe, where she was then residing. The couple is survived by two sons, Jimmy Love Myrick and Ronnie Myrick, grandchildren, Nancy Love Myrick, Leigh Anna Myrick, and Michael Myrick, and great grandchildren Laine Eckles, Carly Love Herrin, and John Sinclair Myrick.

</doc>
<doc id="18801337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801337" title="Bair Badënov">
Bair Badënov

Bair Badënov (, "Baír Dorzhíyevich Badyónov", ; born June 28, 1976, in Zugalay, now Zabaykalsky Krai) is a Russian archer.
Badënov, who started training in 1986, was a World Champion among Youth in 1993, a European champion in 1996. Participated in 1996 Olympics in Atlanta and was 4th in 2000 Olympics in Sydney. In 2007 he won the World Cup in Turkey, and silver in individual competition at the European competitions in Turin, Italy.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Badënov finished his ranking round with a total of 658 points. This gave him the 31st seed for the final competition bracket in which he faced Laurence Godfrey in the first round, beating the British 114-109. In the second round Badënov defeated second seed Mangal Singh Champia with 109-108 and reached the semi finals by beating Jay Lyon (115-110) and Cheng Chu Sian (109-104) in the third round and quarter final. In the semi final he and Viktor Ruban both came to 112 points in the regular match and had to go to an extra round. In this extra round Badënov scored 18 points, while Ruban advanced to the final with 20 points. Ruban would win the final and take the Olympic gold.
Together with Andrey Abramov and Balzhinima Tsyrempilov he also took part in the team event. With his 658 score from the ranking round combined with the 660 of Abramov and the 671 of Tsyrempilov Russia was in fourth position after the ranking round, which gave them a straight seed into the quarter finals. However, with 217-209 they were beaten by the team from China that eventually won the bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18801339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801339" title="Bothriopsis medusa">
Bothriopsis medusa

Bothriopsis medusa is a venomous pitviper species found in Venezuela. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Description.
Adults usually grow to 50-70 cm in length. The maximum reported length is 80 cm (Roze, 1966) or slightly longer (Sandner-Montilla, 1975). The body is moderately slender.
The scalation includes 20-21 (usually 21) rows of dorsal scales at midbody, 160-168/153-162 ventral scales in males/females and 51-62/46-56 mostly undivided subcaudal scales in males/females. On the head, the canthals, internasals and rostral are elevated to form a distinct canthal ridge. There are 1-6 intersupraoculars, 6-9 (usually 7) supralabial scales and 8-10 sublabial scales.
The color pattern consists of a tan, yellowish brown, reddish brown, gray or olive ground color overlaid with a series of long and irregular transverse bands. These bands are dark brown with pale centers, weakly subdivided latterally and separated from each other with short and lightly colored interspaces. In some individuals the contrast may be so poor that they appear to have a uniform dorsal coloration. The belly is yellow with many small and dark spots and flecks. On the head, a dark postocular stripe is present that frequently fuses with the first lateral body blotch. It is marked above and below by a pale narrow border.
Geographic range.
Found in Venezuela, including the Cordillera de la Costa (coastal range), the Federal District and the states of Aragua, Bolívar and Carabobo. The type locality given is "Caracas" (Venezuela).

</doc>
<doc id="18801342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801342" title="Ksalon">
Ksalon

Ksalon () is a moshav in central Israel. Located near Beit Shemesh, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 314.
The village was established in 1952 by immigrants from Yemen on the basis of a ma'abara set up the previous year. It was named after the biblical city of Ksalon (Joshua 15:10), a name preserved in the abandoned Arab village of Kasla.
After its establishment, the Yemenite founders were joined by more immigrants from Romania. However, it was later abandoned. The moshav was re-established in 1955 by immigrants from Morocco and Tunisia.

</doc>
<doc id="18801349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801349" title="USNS Dahl (T-AKR-312)">
USNS Dahl (T-AKR-312)

USNS "Dahl" (T-AKR-312) is one of Military Sealift Command's nineteen Large, Medium-Speed Roll-on/Roll-off Ships and is part of the 33 ships in the Prepositioning Program. She is a "Watson"-class vehicle cargo ship named for Specialist Larry G. Dahl, a Medal of Honor recipient.
Laid down on 12 November 1997 and launched on 2 October 1998, "Dahl" was put into service in the Pacific Ocean on 13 July 1999.
According to "The Guardian" the human rights group Reprieve identified the "Dahl" and sixteen other USN vessels as having held "ghost prisoners" in clandestine extrajudicial detention. 

</doc>
<doc id="18801393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801393" title="Boot Key Harbor">
Boot Key Harbor

Boot Key Harbor is a natural body of water located in the middle of the Florida Keys, entirely within the city limits of Marathon, Florida, USA.
Boot Key Harbor can be accessed by boat via two inlets from the Atlantic Ocean. The western inlet has a controlling depth of 6 feet at mean low-tide, as does the rest of the main channel within the harbor. Sister Creek provides access from the south and has a low-point of 4.2 feet at mean-low tide.[http://www.ci.marathon.fl.us/index.aspx?NID=593]
Boot Key Harbor is well protected from severe sea conditions and is popular with recreational boaters seeking refuge from storms. A large portion of Boot Key Harbor is occupied by a 226-buoy municipal mooring field administered by the City of Marathon, Florida, USA.[http://www.ci.marathon.fl.us/index.asp?NID=42
Boot Key Bridge spans the west end of Boot Key Harbor connecting Key Vaca with Boot Key to the South. The bridge is currently closed to pedestrian and vehicular traffic, and the bascule section was removed on October 26, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18801397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801397" title="Luzit">
Luzit

Luzit (, "lit." Almond Tree) is a moshav in central Israel. Located between Beit Shemesh and Kiryat Gat, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 344.
The village was established in 1955 by immigrants from North Africa, and was initially named Dir Duban Bet after the depopulated Palestinian village of Dayr al-Dubban. It was later renamed Luzit after almond trees, which are common in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18801404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801404" title="Håkan Dahlby">
Håkan Dahlby

Håkan Dahlby (born 15 September 1965) is a Swedish double trap shooter, the winner of the 2003, 2004 and 2012 European Championships. He won a silver medal at the 2012 Olympics after having the best final round of all finalists and moving from fifth to second place. In the 2004 Olympics he finished second in the qualification round, but dropped to fifth place during the final round. Since then, he has won the 2005 ISSF World Cup Final, the 2008 ISSF World Cup Final, and ISSF World Cup competitions in 2007 and 2008, but failed to reach the final at the 2008 Olympics. Dahlby lives in Stockholm.
Dahlby is currently a contestant in Let's Dance 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18801405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801405" title="Kangasjärvi">
Kangasjärvi

Kangasjärvi is a small clear lake in Isojoki, Finland. It has camping ground and a small beach where people can sunbathe, swim or fish during the summer. There is also sauna, little shop and accommodation services available. At winter ice fishing and winter swimming is possible.
Fish.
Whitefish are numerous fish, but there are also perches, pikes, graylings and eels.

</doc>
<doc id="18801416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801416" title="Jack Cameron (disambiguation)">
Jack Cameron (disambiguation)

Jack Cameron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18801418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801418" title="Jon Ratliff">
Jon Ratliff

Jon Charles Ratliff (born December 22, 1971 in Syracuse, New York) is a former Major League Baseball player. Ratliff played one game in his career, for the Oakland Athletics in the 2000 season. He pitched one inning in relief not allowing a hit or a walk, and not striking out a batter.
Ratliff was drafted in the first round (24th overall) by the Chicago Cubs in the 1993 draft out of LeMoyne College. He played eight seasons in the minor leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="18801440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801440" title="Camerlengo">
Camerlengo

Camerlengo (plural: "camerlenghi", Italian for "Chamberlain") is an Italian title of medieval origin. It derives from the late Latin "camarlingus", in turn coming, through the Frankish "kamerling", from the Latin " camerarius", which meant "chamber officer" (generally meaning "treasure chamber"). 
It is now used in the Papal court for the following official positions:
Some other positions in the Papal court were formerly termed "Papal chamberlains". Although usually given as an honorary award, the position involved some duties. Laymen receiving this honor are today called Papal Gentlemen, while clergymen are typically appointed "Chaplain of His Holiness", a form of Monsignor.

</doc>
<doc id="18801444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801444" title="Mevo Beitar">
Mevo Beitar

Mevo Beitar (, lit. "Beitar Gateway") is a moshav shitufi in central Israel. Located ten kilometres south-west of Jerusalem, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 327.
The village was established on 24 April 1950 by native Israelis and immigrants from Argentina who were members of the Beitar movement, including Matityahu Drobles, later a member of the Knesset. Located around a kilometre from the Green Line, it was a border settlement until the Six-Day War.
The settlement was founded on the land of the depopulated Palestinian village of Qabu.

</doc>
<doc id="18801446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801446" title="Beriev Be-1">
Beriev Be-1

__NOTOC__
In 1956, Robert Ludvigovich Bartini approached the Beriev design bureau with a proposal for a Wing-In-Ground effect vehicle. The Be-1 became the first experimental prototype, used for exploring the stability and control of wing in ground effect aircraft.
The Be-1 featured two floats with very low aspect ratio wing section between them and small normal wing panels extending outside the floats. Surface piercing hydrofoils were mounted on the underside of the floats. The aircraft was powered by a single Tumansky RU-19 turbojet, mounted behind the wing. The Be-1 was also equipped with landing gear. The aircraft was operated between 1961 and 1964. The first flight from water was made in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="18801454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801454" title="Rollin (video game)">
Rollin (video game)

Rollin was written by Michael Riedel from SAV Creation and published by Ticsoft, who among others also published Road Hog! and Flying Tigers.
Rollin is a fast-paced game which requires a lot of concentration. The object of the game is to maneuver the ball from the start to the goal. The ball follows the laws of gravity, momentum and the conservation of energy. Various dangers and problems have to be mastered. Up to 2 players can play the game with either the keyboard, mouse or 2 joysticks.
A friendware version of the game was distributed with Limited Distribution License:
"This product is being distributed as friendware. That is, you can pass
copies along to friends as long as you do not charge for it. This
includes charging for the disk that the product is placed on. No fee
of any kind can be charged unless a distribution agreement is signed
with an authorized Ticsoft distributor.
Distribution of this product via BBS is acceptable."
Gameplay.
The player has been transformed into a ball by an evil scientist. Now he must roll his way through various mazes if he hopes to survive. His goal is to roll his marble around the level, collecting items and gold (in order to buy keys or other items at shops) in order to eventually get to the level's exit.
The player will encounter monsters, keys, doors, trampolines, acid to destroy walls, and more.

</doc>
<doc id="18801466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801466" title="1st AIBA European 2008 Olympic Qualifying Tournament">
1st AIBA European 2008 Olympic Qualifying Tournament

1st AIBA European Olympic Boxing Qualifying Tournament was held from February 25 – March 1, 2008 in Roseto degli Abruzzi-Pescara, Italy. During the tournament 250 boxers from 40 countries competed for 26 Olympic qualifying places in 11 different weight categories.
Qualifying.
40 teams participated in this tournament: 
"Number in ( ) is total boxer in each country
Competition System.
The competition system of the 1st AIBA European Olympic Boxing Qualifying Tournament is the knockout round system. Each boxer fights one match per round. 

</doc>
<doc id="18801475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801475" title="Elbert Mack">
Elbert Mack

Elbert Mack (born July 14, 1986) is an American football cornerback for the Houston Texans of the National Football League (NFL). He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. He has also played for the New Orleans Saints.
College career.
Mack finished his college football career at Troy after playing his first two years of college ball at Butler County Community College in Kansas. In his senior season at Troy, he led the nation in interceptions with 8, and was named to the All-Sunbelt Conference team.
Professional (NFL) Career.
New Orleans Saints.
On December 9th, 2012, during a game against the New York Giants, Elbert Mack intercepted a pass from Eli Manning early in the first quarter and returned in 73 yards for a touchdown, yet the Saints would lose the game 52-27.
Houston Texans.
On July 25, 2013, Mack signed with the Houston Texans.

</doc>
<doc id="18801491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801491" title="Maltese general election, 2013">
Maltese general election, 2013

The Maltese general election took place on Saturday, 9 March 2013. The Labour Party won a majority of seats thus defeating the Nationalist Party, which had been in power for 15 years.
Background.
On 10 December 2012 Lawrence Gonzi's government was defeated in a vote on the 2013 Financial Estimates when ruling party MP Franco Debono voted against the government's budget proposal in protest over transportation reform in giving a German operator the contract to manage the national bus service. Faced with loss of supply, Gonzi announced that the House of Representatives would be dissolved on 7 January and a general election called for 9 March.
Electoral system.
The system of voting used was, as in previous elections, proportional representation through modified single transferable vote with five MPs to be returned from each of thirteen districts, i.e. 65 constituency seats in total, with a variable number of at-large seats added to ensure that the overall first-preference votes are reflected in the composition of the House of Representatives. There were also some minor changes to the boundaries of electoral districts from the previous general election and improved voting arrangements for hospital patients.
Parties.
The two leading political parties contesting the election were the Nationalist Party of the incumbent prime minister, Lawrence Gonzi and the Labour Party, led by Joseph Muscat, for whom this was the first general election at the helm of the party. The Third party was Democratic Alternative, a Green Party, which was seeking to elect its first MP. A small number of independent candidates also ran for election.
National Action, which stood candidates in the 2008 general election and 2009 European Parliamentary election, ceased activities in 2010 and did not contest this election.
Opinion polls.
¤ Opinion polls adjusted for the preference of undecided voters.
Results.
Following the preliminary result, in which Labour won 39 seats to 26 for the Nationalists, Labour party leader Joseph Muscat said from Naxxar: "I wasn't expecting such a landslide victory for Labour. We must all remain calm, tomorrow is another day." Nationalist party leader Lawrence Gonzi conceded the election in saying "The Nationalist Party needs to begin a reform process and at the same remain rooted in its values." This was the first time the Labour party won a majority in the government since Malta joined the eurozone. Furthermore, the Labour party won absolute majority of the votes in 23 of the 35 localities, increasing its overall share of the votes by 2.2% from the last elections. The Nationalist Party was subsequently awarded four at-large seats, bringing it to 30 in all, to adjust for its share of the first-preference vote. 

</doc>
<doc id="18801492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801492" title="Mata, Israel">
Mata, Israel

Mata (, "lit." Grove) is a moshav in central Israel. Located near Beit Shemesh, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 554. "The name ... is also hinted at in Ezekiel (XXXIV, 29)": I will provide for them a grove.
The village was established in 1950 by immigrants from Yemen on land which had formerly belonged to the depopulated Arab village of Allar. The founders were later joined by more immigrants from North Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18801503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801503" title="Badenov">
Badenov

Badenov is a Russian surname and a Russian-style fictional surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18801508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801508" title="Martinelli">
Martinelli

Martinelli is a surname of Italian origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18801533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801533" title="Anna of Schaunberg">
Anna of Schaunberg

Countess Anna of Schaunberg () ( – 1396) was the Countess of Celje as the spouse of Hermann II, Count of Celje.
Anna was born in Celje in what is now Slovenia.
Countess Anna married the Count of Celje in 1377 and had the following children:
In 1408, Anna's daughter, Barbara, married Sigismund, the King of Hungary who later became King of Bohemia and Holy Roman Emperor.

</doc>
<doc id="18801546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801546" title="Mahseya">
Mahseya

Mahseya () is a moshav in central Israel. Located near Beit Shemesh, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 385.
The village was established in 1950 by immigrants from Morocco and Yemen. Although it was later abandoned, it was re-settled by Cochin Jews. Its name is taken from the ;
And I delivered the deed of the purchase unto Baruch the son of Neriah, the son of Mahseiah, in the presence of Hanamel mine uncle['s son], and in the presence of the witnesses that subscribed the deed of the purchase, before all the Jews that sat in the court of the guard.

</doc>
<doc id="18801551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801551" title="The Elementary Forms of the Religious Life">
The Elementary Forms of the Religious Life

The Elementary Forms of the Religious Life (), published by French sociologist Émile Durkheim in 1912, is a book that analyzes religion as a social phenomenon. Durkheim attributes the development of religion to the emotional security attained through communal living.
According to Durkheim, early humans associated such feelings not only with one another, but with objects in their environment. This, Durkheim believed, led to the ascription of human sentiments and superhuman powers to these objects, in turn leading to totemism. The essence of religion, Durkheim finds, is the concept of the sacred, that being the only phenomenon which unites all religions. "A religion," writes Durkheim, "is a unified system of beliefs and practices relative to sacred things, that is to say, things set apart and forbidden - beliefs and practices which unite into a single moral community called a Church, all those who adhere to them." In modern societies, the individual and individual rights evolve to become the new sacred phenomena, and hence these may be called "religious" for Durkheim.
Durkheim examined religion using such examples as Pueblo Indian rain dances, the religions of aboriginal tribes in Australia, and alcoholic hallucinations.

</doc>
<doc id="18801558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801558" title="Veaceslav Gojan">
Veaceslav Gojan

Veaceslav Gojan (born May 18, 1983) is an Moldovan amateur boxer who won Bantamweight bronze at the 2008 Olympics. He comes from the village of Grimăncăuţi, district of Briceni (north of Moldova) and is a member of the Central Sport Club Dinamo in Chişinău. His coach is Petru Caduc.
Career.
Gojan failed to qualify for the 2004 Summer Olympics after ending up in third place at the 4th AIBA European 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Baku, Azerbaijan. 
He qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics by beating German boxer Rustamhodza Rahimov in the semi final of a European qualifying tournament. 
In Beijing he made it to the semifinal by defeating Khavazhi Khatsigov (Belarus) 1-1, countback, Gu Yu (China) 13-6 and Akhil Kumar (India) 10-3 then he lost to Mongolian Enkhbatyn Badar-Uugan 2:15. (Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Bantamweight)
He won the 2011 European Amateur Boxing Championships.
At the 2012 Olympic qualifier he lost his first bout vs Pavlo Ishchenko and didn't make it.

</doc>
<doc id="18801586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801586" title="Georgiy Chygayev">
Georgiy Chygayev

Georgiy Chygayev (born October 19, 1983 in Lviv) is a Ukrainian amateur boxer in the flyweight division who qualified for the 2008 Olympics and won a gold medal at the 2008 European championships.
2007 World Amateur Boxing Championships.
At the 2007 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Chicago, Chygayev missed out on a bronze medal after he was defeated by France's Nordine Oubaali in the quarter finals. Chygayev qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics, however, by virtue of getting to the quarter finals.
2008 Olympics.
At the Olympics he lost his second bout to Cuban Yampier Hernández.
2008 European Championships.
Chygayev went up to flyweight represented the Ukraine at the 2008 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Liverpool, England. At the championships Campbell defeated Munin Veli in the semifinals before facing lanky Swede Salomo N'tuve in the final.
Despite being much shorter than his opponent the Ukrainian cruised to a 5:0 victory.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18801621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801621" title="Wonderin'">
Wonderin'

Wonderin' is a tribute album featuring jazz-funk cover versions of Stevie Wonder songs. It was recorded by the ad hoc band Rollercoaster made up of leading UK session and jazz musicians based around British jazz-rock bands of the 60s and 70s such as Soft Machine, Blue Mink and Nucleus. 
It was released on Ronnie Scott's record label. Many of the Rollercoaster musicians would go on to record the last Soft Machine album, "Land of Cockayne", and make up Soft Machine's final live line-up which played a six-night residency at Ronnie Scott's in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801623" title="Nabadogo">
Nabadogo

Nabadogo is a town in the Sabou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 7,057.

</doc>
<doc id="18801626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801626" title="Mr. Justice Raffles">
Mr. Justice Raffles

Mr. Justice Raffles was a 1909 novel written by E.W. Hornung. It featured his popular character A. J. Raffles a well-known cricketer and gentleman thief. It was the fourth and last in his four Raffles books which had begun with "The Amateur Cracksman" in 1899.
Unlike the three previous works, the book was a full-length novel and featured darker elements than the earlier collections of short stories. In it a jaded Raffles is growing increasingly cynical about British high society. He encounters Dan Levy, an unscrupulous moneylender, who manages to entrap a number of young men, mostly sons of the wealthy, by giving them loans and then charging huge amounts of interest. Raffles takes it upon himself to teach Levy a lesson. 
At the end of Hornung's second Raffles short story collection "The Black Mask", Raffles and his companion Bunny Manders volunteer for service in the Second Boer War in 1899 where he was killed at the hands of the Boers. Hornung had intended this as a patriotic finale to his hero's story. However there was great popular demand for the return of the character, and a number of generous publishing offers, and Hornung agreed to write another book. 
In this he has been compared to Arthur Conan Doyle's decision to resurrect Sherlock Holmes after he had been killed falling over the Reichenbach Falls. Doyle had managed this by revealing that Holmes had actually survived the falls, while Hornung set "Mr. Justice Raffles" before the events of the Boer War. The comparison between the resurrections of Holmes and Raffles is made interesting by the fact that Doyle and Hornung were brothers-in-law. Indeed prior to resurrecting Holmes, Doyle had used much the same technique, demand had called for another Holmes story, so the book he wrote to meet this demand "The Hound of the Baskervilles" was set prior to Holmes's "demise".
Its reception was mixed, with some fans lamenting the loss of the carefree gentlemen thief of the early stories. It was the last Raffles work written by Hornung, although a number of continuations have been written by other authors in a mixture of parody and homage.
Adaptations.
Two popular adaptations in the 1930s revived interest in the character of Raffles. However this tended to focus on the lighter, earlier tales of the gentleman thief. It was not until 1977 that "Mr. Justice Raffles" was adapted, as part of the popular British "Raffles" television series.

</doc>
<doc id="18801631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801631" title="Mesilat Zion">
Mesilat Zion

Mesilat Zion (, "lit." Track of Zion, (or 'highway' as it is translated in the Bible) is a moshav in central Israel. Located near Beit Shemesh with an area of 1,000 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 764.
The moshav was established as a work village in 1950 by immigrants from Yemen. After a few years the founders left and were replaced by Cochin Jews. The name of the village is symbolic, as it is located near the Burma Road. It symbolizes the breaking of the siege over Jerusalem during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, it is based on verses from the book of Isaiah, chapter 62, "For Zion's sake will I not hold my peace, and for Jerusalem's sake I will not rest...Go through, go through the gates; prepare ye the way of the people; cast up, cast up the highway; gather out the stones; lift up a standard for the people...Say ye to the daughter of Zion, Behold, thy salvation comes." 

</doc>
<doc id="18801639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801639" title="Nadiolo">
Nadiolo

Nadiolo is a town in the Sabou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 3,382.

</doc>
<doc id="18801645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801645" title="Koi, Hanabi">
Koi, Hanabi

Overview.
The CD+DVD edition includes the Koi, Hanabi short film starring AAA's Takahiro Nishijima, Mitsuki Tanimura and Kenichi Endou.

</doc>
<doc id="18801646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801646" title="Joseph Bancroft House">
Joseph Bancroft House

The Joseph Bancroft House is a historic house at 101 Lowell Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The Federal style house was built c. 1831-35 by Joseph Bancroft, son of a major local landowner. The 2.5 story wood frame house has a central chimney; its most prominent Federalist feature is the front doorway surround, which includes pilasters topped by a tall Doric entablature.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801648" title="Adam in Chains">
Adam in Chains

"Adam in Chains" is a single by Billy Idol, the third of which to be released to promote his 1993 album "Cyberpunk". A radio edit of the track was also included on the single.
The album version of the song is divided in two sections: the first two minutes and fifty-four seconds are of a voice coaxing the listener through a hypnotic exercise, encouraging them towards a state of relaxation. The remainder of the song consists of Idol singing in a melodious, slow tempo.
Music video.
A music video for "Adam in Chains" was directed by Julien Temple. It depicted Billy Idol bound in a chair with a chip inserted into his neck as he is monitored by scientists. He struggles before being hypnotized, and is then inserted into a virtual reality simulator. There he is treated to an ethereal water fantasy. Idol eventually rejects the fantasy, which is consumed in flames as, in the real world, his body violently convulses. The scientists end the experiment and Idol is brought back into reality, only to fall unconscious. There was also a shorter version of the video featuring an edited intro and female backing vocals, using different shots than the full-length video.
Chart performance.
The track failed to chart in the US or UK which was unusual for Idol at the time however it did chart in France at #5 and Poland at #35.

</doc>
<doc id="18801653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801653" title="George Mallaby (public servant)">
George Mallaby (public servant)

Sir Howard "George" Charles Mallaby, KCMG, OBE (17 February 1902 – 18 December 1978), was an English schoolmaster and public servant. He received the US Legion of Merit in 1946 and was knighted in 1958. From 1957 to 1959, he was the British High Commissioner to New Zealand.
Early life and family.
Born in 1902 at Worthing, Mallaby was the youngest child of an actor, William Calthorpe Mallaby, and of his wife Katharine Mary Frances Miller. He was educated at Radley College and Merton College, Oxford, where he was a classicist and an exhibitioner. At Radley, he was Cadet CSM of the school's Officer Training Corps. At Oxford, he graduated BA in 1923 and MA in 1935.
Mallaby's parents had married in 1893 and he had one elder brother, Aubertin Walter Sothern Mallaby (born 1899), and one sister, Mary Katharine Helen Mallaby. The children's maternal grandparents were George Miller CB (born 1833), Assistant Secretary in the Education Department and a member of the Athenaeum Club, and his wife Mary Elizabeth, daughter of the Rev. Peter Aubertin; while their great-grandfather was the Rev. Sir Thomas Combe Miller, 6th Baronet (1781–1864). Mallaby's great-uncles on this side of his family included Sir Charles Hayes Miller, 7th Baronet (1829–1868) and Sir Henry John Miller (1830–1918), who became Speaker of the New Zealand Legislative Council.
Career.
After a year of teaching at Clifton College, Mallaby became a master at St Edward's School, Oxford, in 1924. In 1926, health problems took him to South Africa, where he taught at the Diocesan College, Rondebosch. In 1927 he returned to St Edward's, where he became a housemaster in 1931. On 22 September 1933 was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant of the school's Officer Training Corps, resigning his commission on 7 March 1936. He was an exceptional schoolmaster, teaching literature as well as classics, and also coached rugby football. At St Edward's one of the boys he taught was Robert Gittings, later a poet and biographer, who after Mallaby's death wrote an article on him for the "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography". From 1935 to 1938 Mallaby was headmaster of St Bees School in Cumberland, and in 1938 he took the first step towards a new career in the public service by becoming District Commissioner for the special area of west Cumberland, with the task of alleviating the problem of unemployment.
During the Second World War, Mallaby was briefly deputy regional transport commissioner for the north-western region of England. Late in 1940 he became a general staff officer at the War Office, and in 1942 was posted to the Joint Planning Staff, becoming its secretary the next year. In this role he attended conferences of the Great Powers at Cairo (November, 1943), Quebec (September, 1944), and Potsdam (July to August, 1945).
Mallaby was commissioned onto the British Army's general staff list as a Second Lieutenant on 6 December 1940, promoted Captain and Major in 1941, Lieutenant-Colonel in 1943, and Colonel in 1945.
With the end of the war, he was secretary of the National Trust for a year until 1946, then an assistant secretary in the Ministry of Defence, and from 1948 to 1950 secretary-general of the Western Union Defence Organisation, a forerunner of NATO. In 1950, he became an under-secretary in the Cabinet Office and a key civil servant in British foreign and defence policy. In 1954, at the time of the Mau Mau Uprising, he went to Kenya as secretary of the war council and council of ministers. From 1955 to 1957 he was deputy secretary of the University Grants Committee, then from 1957 to 1959 a diplomat, as High Commissioner of the United Kingdom in New Zealand, and in 1959 became first civil service commissioner in charge of recruitment to H. M. Civil Service and the Diplomatic Service, a role which later brought him work as a private recruitment consultant.
Retirement.
In 1964, Mallaby retired to live in East Anglia and was elected an Extraordinary Fellow of Churchill College, Cambridge, graduating Master of Arts of Cambridge in 1965.
In 1967 he chaired a committee on local government officers, which led to "The Mallaby Report". In 1971, he chaired the Hong Kong government's Salaries Commission, and in 1972 to 1973 chaired a special committee on the structure of the Rugby Football Union, which led to a change in the rule for kicking to touch which is said to have revived the game.
Mallaby also became a governor of St Edward's School, Oxford, chairman of the Council of Radley College, and vice-chairman of Bedford College, London.
Publications.
In 1932, Mallaby edited a selection of William Wordsworth's poems for the Cambridge University Press, in which he included two thousand lines of "The Prelude". In 1950, the centenary of Wordsworth's death, he wrote a critical biography, "Wordsworth: a Tribute", and in 1970 he edited "Poems by William Wordsworth" for the Folio Society, with an introduction. "From my Level" (1965) and "Each in his Office" (1972) are memoirs of his own life.
His last publication was a booklet, "Local Government Councillors: their Motives and Manners" (1976), in which he quoted Charles Lamb and Samuel Johnson.
Private life.
On 2 April 1955, Mallaby married Elizabeth Greenwood Locker, a daughter of Hubert Edward Brooke, a banker, and the widow of J. W. D. Locker, gaining one stepson and two stepdaughters.
He died at home in Chevington, Suffolk, on 18 December 1978.
Likenesses.
One portrait of Mallaby is in the collections of the National Portrait Gallery, London, and is described as a vintage print by Elliott & Fry ("fl." 1864-1963) in the Photographs Collection.

</doc>
<doc id="18801663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801663" title="Namaneguema">
Namaneguema

Namaneguema is a town in the Sabou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,751.

</doc>
<doc id="18801668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801668" title="Joseph Damon House">
Joseph Damon House

The Joseph Damon House is a historic house at 178 South Street in Reading, Massachusetts. This 2.5 story timber frame house was built c. 1754, and probably moved to its present location in the late 1790s, at which time its central chimney was replaced with twin chimneys. The saltbox form, although a common colonial-era design, was relatively rare in Reading.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801674" title="Kotogahama Sadao">
Kotogahama Sadao

Kotogahama Sadao (Jap 琴ヶ濵貞雄) (10 October 1927 - 7 June 1981) was a sumo wrestler from Kanonji, Kagawa, Japan. 
He reached the second highest rank of "ōzeki" in 1958. He was a tournament runner-up in the top "makuuchi" division on five occasions and earned seven "kinboshi" for defeating "yokozuna" when ranked as a "maegashira". After his retirement in 1962 he became an elder in the Japan Sumo Association and worked as a coach at Sadogatake stable. He was offered the chance to take charge of the stable in 1974 but declined, preferring to remain as an assistant coach there until his death in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18801677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801677" title="Nariou">
Nariou

Nariou is a town in the Sabou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 5,481.

</doc>
<doc id="18801681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801681" title="Joseph Parker House">
Joseph Parker House

The Joseph Parker House is a historic house at 107 Grove Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was probably built around 1795, when it first appeared on local maps. It is predominantly Federal in its styling, with smaller second-story windows and boxed cornices. Its center entry surround is a Greek Revival feature, with an architrave surround with corner blocks and half-length sidelight windows.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801685" title="Bernard-Pierre Donnadieu">
Bernard-Pierre Donnadieu

Bernard-Pierre Donnadieu (2 July 1949 – 27 December 2010) was a French actor.
Biography.
Bernard-Pierre Donnadieu studied theater and film at the and began his career in film at the age of 25 by making appearances with acclaimed directors. He notably appeared in "The Tenant" by Roman Polanski, "The Professional" by Georges Lautner, "The Return of Martin Guerre" by Daniel Vigne and "The Vanishing" by George Sluizer. He has appeared in more than 100 movies for the big screen and television.
Bernard-Pierre Donnadieu grew up with his sister, Agnes Donnadieu, a Chicago photographer, in Canada after their parents divorced while living in France. After the separation, the youngest brother, Philippe, moved with his mother to Australia where she remarried. Pierre Donnadieu their father was also a great painter and sculptor unknown to the world.
Donnadieu died from cancer on 27 December 2010 at age 61. He left behind his daughter Ingrid Donnadieu also an actress.

</doc>
<doc id="18801689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801689" title="Nibagdo">
Nibagdo

Nibagdo is a town in the Sabou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,441.

</doc>
<doc id="18801694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801694" title="Joseph Temple House">
Joseph Temple House

The Joseph Temple House is a historic house at 42 Chute Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The Second Empire wood frame house was built in 1872 by Joseph Temple, a owner of locally prominent necktie manufacturer. The mansard roof features deep eaves with decorative brackets, and its windows are topped by dentiled cornices.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801696" title="Slătioara, Olt">
Slătioara, Olt

Slătioara is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Salcia and Slătioara.

</doc>
<doc id="18801702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801702" title="Șerbănești">
Șerbănești

Şerbăneşti is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Şerbăneşti, Şerbăneştii de Sus, Şerbăneştii de Jos and Strugurelu.

</doc>
<doc id="18801707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801707" title="Ouézindougou">
Ouézindougou

Ouézindougou is a town in the Sabou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,642.

</doc>
<doc id="18801708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801708" title="Scărișoara, Olt">
Scărișoara, Olt

Scărişoara is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Plăviceni, Rudari and Scărişoara.

</doc>
<doc id="18801712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801712" title="Sârbii-Măgura">
Sârbii-Măgura

Sârbii-Măgura is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Vităneşti. This was part of Optași-Măgura Commune until 2004, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18801721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801721" title="Sâmburești">
Sâmburești

Sâmbureşti is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Cerbeni, Ioniceşti, Lăunele, Mănuleşti, Sâmbureşti, Stănuleasa and Toneşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18801723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801723" title="Kemp Barn">
Kemp Barn

The Kemp Barn is a historic barn at 186 Summer Avenue in Reading, Massachusetts, USA. Built in 1853, it has exceptionally sophisticated Italianate styling for an outbuilding. The barn was built for the "gentleman's farm" of Robert "Father" Kemp, who is best known for leading the Old Folks Concerts, a popular mid-18th-century singing tour.
The barn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984; the house is also listed.

</doc>
<doc id="18801726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801726" title="Rusănești">
Rusănești

Rusăneşti is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Jieni and Rusăneşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18801733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801733" title="Sarana, Sabou">
Sarana, Sabou

Sarana, Sabou is a town in the Sabou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,103.

</doc>
<doc id="18801735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801735" title="Radomirești">
Radomirești

Radomireşti is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Călineşti, Crăciunei, Poiana and Radomireşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18801738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801738" title="Pleșoiu">
Pleșoiu

Pleşoiu is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Arceşti, Arceşti-Cot, Cocorăşti, Doba, Pleşoiu, Schitu din Deal and Schitu din Vale.

</doc>
<doc id="18801743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801743" title="Kemp Place">
Kemp Place

The Kemp Place is a historic farmstead at 186 Summer Avenue in Reading, Massachusetts. The Italianate farmhouse was built in 1858 by Robert "Father" Kemp, founder of the Old Folks Concerts, a nostalgic singing group that toured the country. It is one of Reading's more elaborate Italianate houses, and is one of the few of the period whose cupola has survived.
The farmhouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984; the property's period barn has also been listed.

</doc>
<doc id="18801744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801744" title="Perieți, Olt">
Perieți, Olt

Perieţi is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Măgura, Mierleştii de Sus and Perieţi.

</doc>
<doc id="18801746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801746" title="Pârșcoveni">
Pârșcoveni

Pârşcoveni is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Pârşcoveni, Butoi and Olari. Until 2004, it also included Șopârlița, which that year was split off to form a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18801754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801754" title="Optași-Măgura">
Optași-Măgura

Optaşi-Măgura is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Optaşi. It also included Vităneşti village until 2004, when it was split off to form Sârbii-Măgura Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18801759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801759" title="Obârșia">
Obârșia

Obârşia is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Câmpu Părului, Coteni, Obârşia, Obârşia Nouă and Tabonu.

</doc>
<doc id="18801765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801765" title="Mihăești, Olt">
Mihăești, Olt

Mihăeşti is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Buşca and Mihăeşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18801769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801769" title="Mărunței">
Mărunței

Mărunţei is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bălăneşti, Malu Roşu and Mărunţei.

</doc>
<doc id="18801770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801770" title="Mauri (surname)">
Mauri (surname)

Mauri is a surname of Italian or Spanish origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18801771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801771" title="Federation of Poles in Great Britain">
Federation of Poles in Great Britain

The Federation of Poles in Great Britain () is an organisation established to promote the interests of Poles in the United Kingdom and to promote the history of Poland and the culture of Poland among the British people.
Detailed information about the goals and its general direction is contained in the Federation's Statutes.
History.
The Federation of Poles in Great Britain (FPGB) started in 1946, when the British Government formally withdrew recognition of the Polish Government in Exile. From that time until 1990 The Federation represented the interests of the Polish immigration with respect to British authorities. 
Subsequent to the transfer of the Presidential Insignia by President Ryszard Kaczorowski to President Lech Wałęsa, some responsibilities were vested in The Federation. The Federation was recognised by both Polish and British governments, as well as other Polish organisations worldwide, as the organisation representing the Polish ethnic minority in Great Britain.
Recent Actions.
In 2008 the Federation submitted a complaint to the Press Complaints Commission over claims that the Daily Mail ran a series of articles which defamed Poles. The PCC arranged a deal between the Federation and the Daily Mail, in which the Daily Mail promised to remove the offending articles from their website.
Membership.
The Federation was created to link the various Polish organisations and federations in Great Britain. Subsequently a change in the Statutes allowed for the introduction of Individual Membership. Members of the Polish ethnic minority, permanently resident in Great Britain, members of their families and all persons supporting the aims of The Federation can become individual members of The Federation. www.zpwb.org.uk

</doc>
<doc id="18801772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801772" title="Hugh Shelley">
Hugh Shelley

Hubert Leneirre Shelley was a Major League Baseball player for the Detroit Tigers in , though he was not on their World Series roster that season. He played seven games, five in the outfield, for them, going 2-for-8 with 1 RBI. Shelley also had an extensive minor league baseball career, playing from until .

</doc>
<doc id="18801773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801773" title="Luther Elliott House">
Luther Elliott House

The Luther Elliott House is an historic house at 309 Haven Street in Reading, Massachusetts. This modestly sized 1.5 story wood frame house was built in 1850 by Luther Elliott, a local cabinetmaker who developed an innovative method of sawing wood veneers. The house has numerous well preserved Greek Revival features, including corner pilasters, and a front door surround with sidelight windows and pilasters supporting a tall entablature.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801778" title="Ipotești, Olt">
Ipotești, Olt

Ipoteşti is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Ipoteşti. This was part of Milcov Commune until 2004, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18801779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801779" title="A Young Girl in 1941 with No Waist at All">
A Young Girl in 1941 with No Waist at All

"A Young Girl in 1941 with No Waist at All" is a short story by J. D. Salinger, published in "Mademoiselle" in May 1947. The story has not been published in any anthology. It is of literary interest today largely because the character of Ray is seen as an early version of the character Seymour from Salinger's better known work "A Perfect Day for Bananafish".
"Shoeless Joe" and "Field of Dreams".
The story is also of interest to film buffs. The name of the main character, Ray Kinsella, is also the name of the main character in the 1982 book "Shoeless Joe" by W. P. Kinsella (who coincidentally shares the character's last name) which was adapted into the film "Field of Dreams" (1989). 
W.P. Kinsella, who had never met Salinger, created a wholly imagined character (aside from his being a recluse) based on the author of "The Catcher in the Rye", a book that had great meaning to him when he was a young man. To get a feel for Salinger, he re-read his body of work.
"I made sure to make him a nice character so that he couldn’t sue me."
Salinger had also used the surname shared by writer and protagonist in "The Catcher in the Rye" (Holden Caulfield's roommate Richard Kinsella). 
Known for his litigiousness, Salinger contacted Kinsella's publisher via his attorneys to express outrage over having been portrayed in "Shoeless Joe" and intimated he would sue should the character "J.D. Salinger" appear in any other medium, should "Shoeless Joe" be adapted. 
In the novel "Shoeless Joe", Ray Kinsella seeks out J. D. Salinger, although in the film this character was renamed Terence Mann as the movie producers were worried over being sued by Salinger. The producers believed that it was not significant to jettison Salinger, as they figured only 15% of the potential audience would know who the author was. Kinsella told "Macleans Magazine" in a 2010 interview on the death of Salinger that many of the book's readers believe that Salinger is a wholly fictional character. 
Kinsella denied that Salinger, as a writer, had any real influence on his own writing.

</doc>
<doc id="18801788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801788" title="Mark Temple House">
Mark Temple House

The Mark Temple House is a historic house at 141 Summer Avenue in Reading, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story timber frame house was built c. 1753 by Jonathan Temple, whose family lived all along Summer Street. In the 1850s "Uncle Mark" Temple, remodeled the Georgian style house into the Greek Revival style then still popular in Reading. Among his changes was to turn the original building 90 degrees and raise its foundation. Oscar Foote, a locally prominent real estate developer and businessman, bought the house in 1863.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801806" title="Masonic Block (Reading, Massachusetts)">
Masonic Block (Reading, Massachusetts)

The Masonic Block (also known as the M.F. Charles Building) is an historic commercial block at 600-622 Main Street in Reading, Massachusetts. This three story brick building is distinctive in the town for its Renaissance Revival styling. It was built in 1894 by the local Reading Masonic Temple Corporation, and housed the local Masonic lodge on the third floor. The corporation was taken over by jeweler Millard F. Charles, who moved his business into the building's northern addition after it was built in 1929.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801812" title="Ray Warleigh">
Ray Warleigh

Raymond "Ray" Kenneth Warleigh (born 28 September 1938, in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia) is a leading UK-based alto saxophonist and flautist. 
Arriving in England in 1960, Ray Warleigh quickly established himself as an in-demand session musician.
He has played and recorded with major figures and bands of the UK jazz and blues scene, including Mike Oldfield, Alexis Korner, Tubby Hayes, Humphrey Lyttelton, Terry Smith, Ronnie Scott, Long John Baldry, Nick Drake, Charlie Watts, John Mayall, Allan Holdsworth, Soft Machine, Georgie Fame, Mike Westbrook, Dick Morrissey and Kenny Wheeler, as well as accompanying visiting major foreign artists such as Champion Jack Dupree. According to John Fordham in "The Guardian", "Ray Warleigh brought a unique touch to every venture he played on from the 60s on, and had a successful 30-year career that partnered him with Dusty Springfield, Marianne Faithfull, Scott Walker and Stevie Wonder, among others."
Warleigh's first album, in 1968, was produced by Scott Walker. Warleigh's most recent album, "Rue Victor Massé" (2009), an improvisation with free-jazz drummer Tony Marsh, has received critical acclaim. According to "Jazz Review": "The duo’s synergy and common goals resound mightily here. Featuring Warleigh’s lyrically resplendent sax and flute lines, in concert with a crystalline audio sound, the musicians flex some muscle amid buoyant underpinnings."

</doc>
<doc id="18801823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801823" title="Vulturești, Olt">
Vulturești, Olt

Vultureşti is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Dienci, Valea lui Alb, Vlăngăreşti and Vultureşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18801828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801828" title="Breuners Home Furnishings">
Breuners Home Furnishings

Breuners Home Furnishings or Breuners is an online furniture company that was a chain of brick and mortar furniture stores in the United States for 148 years before declaring bankruptcy in 2004.
Founded in California during the California Gold Rush in the mid-19th century, its stores served California and Nevada before expanding to the east coast in the late 20th century. In 2004 the company declared bankruptcy, closed all its retail stores, and now operates solely through the Internet.
History.
The store was founded in 1856 by William Robert “Bill” Breuner’s great-grandfather John Breuner (1828–1890) to cater to prospectors during the California Gold Rush. The first store opened in Sacramento, California with subsequent branches in Oakland, San Francisco and later throughout California and Nevada. The company went public in 1968 under Bill Breuner. Breuner sold the company in the 1970s and it was acquired by Marshall Fields in 1983. At its height Breuners operated 40 retail outlets. The stores were large bigboxes around . By the 1990s the company was based in San Diego and in 1995 expanded into the New York and New Jersey markets by acquiring Huffman Koos’ 13 stores for 36.9 million dollars. Breuners also owned Good’s Furniture stores.
Legacy.
Breuner Marsh, a wetlands area, and Breuner Field, a model airplane field within it, in addition to the Breuner Building in downtown Oakland, are all named after the family.

</doc>
<doc id="18801830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801830" title="Vlădila">
Vlădila

Vlădila is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Frăsinet-Gară, Vlădila and Vlădila Nouă.

</doc>
<doc id="18801838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801838" title="Vitomirești">
Vitomirești

Vitomireşti is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Bulimanu, Dejeşti, Doneşti, Stănuleasa, Trepteni and Vitomireşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18801840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801840" title="Nathaniel Batchelder House">
Nathaniel Batchelder House

The Nathaniel Batchelder House is an historic house at 71 Franklin Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story timber frame house was built sometime between 1753 and 1765 by Nathaniel Batchelder, Jr., probably later in the period following his father's death in 1763 when the family property was divided. The house exhibits vernacular Georgian styling, including small second-story windows, and a simple door frame with entablature.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801841" title="Beatriz Sheridan">
Beatriz Sheridan

Beatriz Sheridan (25 June 1934 – 30 April 2006) was a Mexican actress and director. She died from a heart attack.
Biography.
Elizabeth Ann Sheridan Scarbrough was born in 1934 in Mexico City, Mexico, to an English mother and a Mexican father. She had seven siblings.
After studying at the University of Missouri, she participated in the first Mexican "Telenovela" in 1958 called "Senda prohibida" and later became one of Mexico's premier stage actresses. She received several awards for her work in the theater. For her 1980 performance in Fassbinder's "Las amargas lágrimas de Petra von Kant," she received every available award. Poet Guadalupe Amor penned her poem "Las amargas lágrimas de Beatriz Sheridan". 
She won two Silver Ariel awards for movie roles, notably her performance in the movie "Confidencias". She was Mexico's first female television soap opera director, achieving wide acclaim, and devoted her last years to work in this medium both as director and actress.
In 2004, two years before her death from a heart attack at the age of 71, the UNESCO International Theatre Institute awarded her a medal for her life's work in the theater. Sheridan is listed in Francisco Blanco Figueroa's anthology, "Mujeres mexicanas del siglo XX - La otra revolución". 

</doc>
<doc id="18801844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801844" title="Vișina Nouă">
Vișina Nouă

Vișina Nouă is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Vişina Nouă. This was part of Vădastra Commune until 2004, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18801853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801853" title="Vișina, Olt">
Vișina, Olt

Vişina is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Vişina.

</doc>
<doc id="18801859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801859" title="Văleni, Olt">
Văleni, Olt

Văleni is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Mandra, Popeşti, Tirişneag and Văleni.

</doc>
<doc id="18801863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801863" title="Vâlcele, Olt">
Vâlcele, Olt

Vâlcele is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bărcăneşti, Vâlcele and Vâlcelele de Sus.

</doc>
<doc id="18801866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801866" title="Vădăstrița">
Vădăstrița

Vădăstriţa is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Vădăstriţa.

</doc>
<doc id="18801870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801870" title="Old Hose House">
Old Hose House

The Old Hose House is a historic fire house at 1249 Main Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The Colonial Revival wood frame building was constructed in 1902 for a cost of $1,180.50, plus $10 for the land on which it stands. The modestly-scaled building housed a fire truck until 1930, after which time it has served as home to community groups.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801871" title="Vădastra">
Vădastra

Vădastra is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Vădastra. It also included Vișina Nouă village until 2004, when it was split off to form a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18801874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801874" title="Tătulești">
Tătulești

Tătuleşti is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Bărbălăi, Lunca, Măgura, Mirceşti, Momaiu and Tătuleşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18801878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801878" title="Strejești">
Strejești

Strejeşti is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Colibaşi, Mamura, Strejeşti and Strejeştii de Sus.

</doc>
<doc id="18801883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801883" title="Stoicănești">
Stoicănești

Stoicăneşti is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Stoicăneşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18801890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801890" title="Stoenești, Olt">
Stoenești, Olt

Stoeneşti is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Stoeneşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18801895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801895" title="Șopârlița">
Șopârlița

Şopârliţa is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Şopârliţa, and was established in 2004, when it was split off from Pârșcoveni Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18801898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801898" title="Parker House (Haven Street, Reading, Massachusetts)">
Parker House (Haven Street, Reading, Massachusetts)

The Parker House is an historic house at 316 Haven Street in Reading, Massachusetts. It is a well-preserved Queen Anne/Stick style cottage with unusual high style features for a relatively modest house size. Its front gable end is embellished with Stick style woodwork resembling half-timbering, and the wraparound porch is supported by basket-handle brackets.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801900" title="Ștefan cel Mare, Olt">
Ștefan cel Mare, Olt

Ştefan cel Mare is a commune in Olt County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Ianca Nouă and Ştefan cel Mare.

</doc>
<doc id="18801915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801915" title="Pearl Street School">
Pearl Street School

The Pearl Street School is a historic school building at 75 Pearl Street in Reading, Massachusetts. Built in 1939, the two story brick and limestone building is Reading's only structure built as part of a Public Works Administration project. The site on which it was built was acquired by the town sometime before 1848, and served as its poor farm. With fifteen classrooms, the school replaced three smaller wood frame schoolhouses in the town's school system, and was its first fire-resistant structure.
The school, designed by local architect George H. Sidebottom, is stylistically a mix of Colonial Revival, Classical Revival, and Art Deco styles. The walls are predominantly brick, with limestone and wooden trim, and the cornice is decorated with modillions. These features, and the 12-over-12 double hung windows, are typical Colonial Revival features. The building has a basic U-shaped plan, with projecting pavilions on the left and right ends, and the front facade. The legs of the U are irregular: the right-side leg is a rectangular ell, while the left side one is an irregular polygonal shape. The projecting pavilions are a typical Classical Revival feature. Art Deco surrounds frame the windows on these pavilions, and there are brick pilasters that frame the Art Deco surrounds on the entryways that are centered in each pavilion.
The building served Reading as an elementary school until 1984, when it was closed due to declining enrollment. The school board leased it to a variety of tenants, and turned it over to the town selectmen in 1989, who sold the building in 1995.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. It now houses the Longwood Place at Reading assisted living residence.

</doc>
<doc id="18801920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801920" title="Pierce House (Reading, Massachusetts)">
Pierce House (Reading, Massachusetts)

The Pierce House is a historic house at 128 Salem Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built sometime between 1875 and 1880 for Samuel Pierce, owner of the nearby Pierce Organ Pipe Factory. The house has Stick style/Eastlake style features, including a steeply pitched gable roof with exposed rafter ends, and an elaborately decorated entry porch with square chamfered columns and brackets in the eaves.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801924" title="Andover Town railway station">
Andover Town railway station

Andover Town railway station served the town of Andover in the English county of Hampshire. Located on the Andover to Redbridge Line over which the Midland and South Western Junction Railway had running powers, its closure left services to the town to the former Andover Junction station.
History.
Originally built by the Andover and Redbridge Railway, the station joined the London and South Western Railway and so was absorbed by the Southern Railway during the Grouping of 1923, although The M&SWJR was allocated to the Great Western Railway. The station then passed on to the Southern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948.
The station was subsequently closed by the British Railways Board.
The site today.
The former site is now occupied by a supermarket.

</doc>
<doc id="18801926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801926" title="Pierce Organ Pipe Factory">
Pierce Organ Pipe Factory

The Pierce Organ Pipe Factory is a historic factory building at 10-12 Pierce Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The oldest portion of the two story wood frame Italianate structure was built in 1852 by Samuel Pierce, who had begun the manufacture of organ pipes in his nearby house in the 1840s. The building was expanded several times over the 19th century.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801936" title="The Chemical Basis of Morphogenesis">
The Chemical Basis of Morphogenesis

The Chemical Basis of Morphogenesis is an article written by the English mathematician Alan Turing in 1952 describing the way in which non-uniformity (stripes, spots, spirals, etc.) may arise naturally out of a homogeneous, uniform state.
The theory (which can be called a reaction–diffusion theory of morphogenesis), has served as a basic model in theoretical biology, and is seen by some as the very beginning of chaos theory. 
Reaction–diffusion systems.
Reaction–diffusion systems have attracted much interest as a prototype model for pattern formation.
The above-mentioned patterns (fronts, spirals, targets, hexagons, stripes and dissipative solitons) can be found in various types of reaction-diffusion systems in spite of large discrepancies e.g. in the local reaction terms.
It has also been argued that reaction-diffusion processes are an essential basis for processes
connected to animal coats and skin pigmentation. Another reason for the interest
in reaction-diffusion systems is that
although they represent nonlinear partial differential equation,
there are often possibilities for an analytical treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="18801938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801938" title="Pratt House (Reading, Massachusetts)">
Pratt House (Reading, Massachusetts)

The Pratt House is an historic house at 456 Haverhill Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house built in 1809 and is stylistically a transitional Georgian/Federal structure. The main portion of the house is a single room deep, and there is a two story shed roof extension on the rear. The house belonged to various members of the locally prominent Pratt family, including Joseph Pratt, the first Reading shoe manufacturer to use a stitching machine.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801943" title="Alexander State Forest">
Alexander State Forest

Alexander State Forest is located in Rapides Parish, Louisiana near the town of Woodworth. It was established in 1923 as a state demonstration forest. It contains both Indian Creek Recreation Area and the Alexander State Forest Headquarters Building. The Alexander State Forest Headquarters Building, built in 1935, is on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
In 1923, the state of Louisiana purchased 2,068 acres from Mrs. Elise Polk Burrows, and named the land Alexander State Forest after Louisiana's first commissioner of conservation, M.L. Alexander. In the following 15 years, Louisiana made nine more purchases, bringing the total acreage of Alexander State Forest to 7,995 acres. Most of the land was barren when purchased. In 1933, the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) started extensive planting of pine trees and continued to do so until 1940. This is a successful example of reforestation. During this time, the CCC also built the log administration building on the site. The forest today consists of about 700 acres of bottomland hardwood and 4,800 acres of southern yellow pine. Most of the tree species are loblolly pine, a type of southern yellow pine, as well as some slash and longleaf pine. Other tree species include red oaks, water oaks, willow oaks, blackgum, sweetgum, beech and hackberry. Indian Creek Recreation Area constitutes 2,250 acres of Alexander State Forest.
Multiple uses.
Alexander State Forest is managed by the Louisiana Department of Agriculture and Forestry under the multiple use concept. Different uses include recreation, timber production, forest management research, wildlife habitats for threatened species and water and soil conservation.
Recreation.
About 75 percent of the acreage in Alexander State Forest is used for recreation. This includes hunting, fishing, boating, swimming, picnics and camping at Indian Creek Recreation Area. The forest is known for its whitetail deer population for hunting, but other game species include quail, rabbit, squirrel and different waterfowl species. Fishing and camping are open year round.
Timber production.
It is estimated that there are about 35 million board feet of timber. About 1.5 million board feet are harvested every year. This is an example of sustainable forest management of renewable resources. Using this method is an attempt to ensure that the pine forest habitat is not degraded by overexploitation.
Forest management research.
A number of different studies have been conducted using data collected from Alexander State Forest. These studies range from the effects that different management methods have on the ecosystem to the effects different animal and insect species have on the pine trees.
A 1994 study in Alexander State Forest by Robert B. Ferguson and V. Clark Baldwin Jr. examined the effects of spacing in slash pine trees that had not been thinned. The trees were spaced from four feet apart to fourteen feet apart in order to study the best spacing distance for optimal growth. Ferguson and Baldwin showed that by the time the trees had aged fifteen years, there was a height difference of six feet between trees spaced four feet apart and the taller trees that were spaced ten feet apart. A 2005 graduate thesis by Jamie Schexnayder describes the effects of thinning on the yield of lumber for a plot of land in Alexander State Forest. Schexnayder examined how far pine trees had to be spaced apart before thinning had any significant effect on tree growth. The results of these two studies relate to increasing board density in proper forest management.
A 2004 graduate thesis by Keri E. Landry examined the effects of the red imported fire ant on the pine ecosystem at Alexander State Forest and the effects the insecticide Amdro had on the ecosystem. Amdro was effective in decreasing the population of red imported fire ants. In addition, the native ant population could better compete against the red imported fire ants in plots where Amdro was used. A 2006 graduate thesis by Lee A. Womack also assessed the effects of red imported fire ants on the pine ecosystem at Alexander State Forest, as well as the effects of Amdro on the ant population and the ecosystem in general. Womack's study suggested that the ants had little effect on the pine ecosystem and that, in concordance with Landry's thesis, Amdro was effective at controlling the ant population without harming other members of the ecosystem as well.
A 2008 thesis by Laura M. Palasz studied how burning affected the Henslow's sparrow population and their habitat. This study used Alexander State Forest as one of many sites. The paper suggested better ways to manage forests in order to increase Henslow's sparrow population density, such as conducting prescribed burns of the forest every two years instead of every year.
Wildlife habitats for threatened species.
Alexander State Forest provides habitat for a number of different plant and animal species, some of which are threatened or near-threatened. The most often cited example is the red-cockaded woodpecker. This woodpecker is ranked as a G2 species globally and as an S2 species within the state of Louisiana. The United States Fish and Wildlife Service lists the red-cockaded woodpecker as endangered. The bird is listed on IUCN's Red List as vulnerable and is found in only 11 states today. These states are Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, Florida, South Carolina, North Carolina, Virginia, Texas and Oklahoma. From 1993 to 2006, the United States saw an increase in clusters of red-cockaded woodpeckers from 4,694 active clusters to 6,105 active clusters. Other species in the forest include Henslow's sparrow and Bachman's sparrow. Both of these sparrows are near-threatened in the United States.
Water and Soil Conservation.
The reservoir in the Indian Creek Recreation Area, in addition to recreation, is also used for irrigation of farmland during dry seasons, which saves drinking water from being used on crops.
Other features.
Woodworth Fire Tower.
Woodworth Fire Tower, standing at 175 feet tall, is the tallest active fire tower in North America. It is also a benchmark for geocacheing.
The Half Festival.
Indian Creek Recreation Area hosts an annual half marathon, 10K and 5K races. The course starts and ends within the recreation area. In 2012 the race was held on November 17.

</doc>
<doc id="18801944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801944" title="Feohanagh">
Feohanagh

Feohanagh () is a village in the Parish of Mahoonagh, South West County Limerick in Ireland. The village is 5 miles south east of the town of Newcastle West, County Limerick on the R522 regional road to Dromcollogher. It is the only village on the road between Newcastle West and Dromcollogher.

</doc>
<doc id="18801950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801950" title="Reading Municipal Building">
Reading Municipal Building

The Reading Municipal Building is a historic building at 49 Pleasant Street in Reading, Massachusetts. Built in 1885, this two story brick building was the town's first municipal structure, housing the town offices, jail, and fire station. In 1918 all functions except fire services moved out of the building. It now serves as Reading's Pleasant Street Senior Center.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801960" title="Robert Joseph Banks">
Robert Joseph Banks

Robert Joseph Banks (February 26, 1928-) was the tenth Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Green Bay, in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
Biography.
Born in Boston, Massachusetts, he was ordained a Roman Catholic priest on February 20, 1952, for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston. From 1967 to 1981 he served as rector of St. John's Seminary in Boston. On July 26, 1985, while serving as pastor of Sacred Heart Parish in Roslindale, Massachusetts, Pope John Paul II appointed him auxiliary bishop of the Boston Archdiocese, and he was consecrated on September 19, 1985. On October 10, 1990, Pope John Paul II appointed Bishop Banks the Bishop of the Green Bay Diocese. Bishop Banks retired as ordinary on October 10, 2003.
Abuse scandal.
Bishop Banks was accused of overlooking a priest's alleged pedophilia in the Roman Catholic Church sex abuse scandal while he was an auxiliary bishop at Boston.

</doc>
<doc id="18801962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801962" title="Reading Municipal Light and Power Station">
Reading Municipal Light and Power Station

The Reading Municipal Light and Power Station is a historic municipal power station building at 226 Ash Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The single story brick building was built in 1894 after the town decided to build a municipal power station. The Romanesque style building was designed by George E. Abbott, and housed power generating equipment until 1925, when it was converted to housing power switching equipment. It now houses municipal offices.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18801974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801974" title="Reading Standpipe">
Reading Standpipe

The Reading Standpipe was a historic water tower atop a hill near the corner of Auburn and Beacon Streets in Reading, Massachusetts. The tower was built in 1890-91 as part of Reading's first water supply system, and was for many years a significant community landmark. The tower was built of steel and wrought iron in a style reminiscent of medieval fortifications.
The tower was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It was demolished in April 1999, and replaced by a modern water tower.

</doc>
<doc id="18801976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801976" title="List of film series by director">
List of film series by director

This is a list of film series by director.

</doc>
<doc id="18801983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801983" title="Bruce Roberts (singer)">
Bruce Roberts (singer)

Bruce Roberts is a singer and songwriter. His songs have been recorded by such artists as Donna Summer, Barbra Streisand, Jeffrey Osborne and Laura Branigan. He has released three albums as a solo artist including "Intimacy" (1995), which featured musical and vocal contributions by many notable artists; Elton John and Kristine W contributed to the single "When the Money's Gone".
Bruce Roberts' song catalog is published by Reservoir Media Management
Roberts, according to Danny Bonaduce, provided most of the vocals accredited to Bonaduce on his self-titled album "Danny Bonaduce" in 1973.
Collaborations.
In 1979 Roberts co-wrote Donna Summer's number one disco duet with Barbra Streisand, "No More Tears (Enough Is Enough)", with Paul Jabara, and the same year he also wrote the ballad "All Through The Night" with Summer for her multiplatinum selling album "Bad Girls", a song which he in turn covered on his 1995 album "Intimacy".

</doc>
<doc id="18801993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18801993" title="Rev. Peter Sanborn House">
Rev. Peter Sanborn House

The Rev. Peter Sanborn House is a historic house at 55 Lowell Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story Federal style wood frame house was built c. 1812 by Reverent Peter Sanborn, minister of the Third Parish Church and a significant community leader. It was purchased from Sanborn's estate in 1860 by Benjamin Boyce, a clockmaker and son-in-law of Daniel Pratt, a significant local businessman. It was modified by subsequent owners to add Victorian styling, but most of these changes were removed as part of restoration efforts in the late 20th century. The house has simple vernacular Federal styling.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18802001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802001" title="Richard Nichols House">
Richard Nichols House

The Richard Nichols House is a historic late First Period house at 483 Franklin Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The oldest portion of this house, probably a three bay section with what is now the central chimney, was built c. 1733, and expanded to five, and then six, bays later in the 18th century. The house remained in the Nichols family until the late 19th century.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18802006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802006" title="Roberts House (Reading, Massachusetts)">
Roberts House (Reading, Massachusetts)

The Roberts House is a historic house at 59 Prospect Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The two story house is basically Colonial Revival in character, but also exhibits Craftsman style features, including extended eaves with exposed rafter ends, stucco walls, and a chunky entrance portico. It is one of Reading's better examples of Craftsman architecture.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18802013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802013" title="Indian Creek Recreation Area">
Indian Creek Recreation Area

Indian Creek Recreation Area is a recreation area located inside Alexander State Forest in Rapides Parish near Woodworth, Louisiana. It includes Indian Creek Reservoir, which is an artificial lake developed with the aid of the Louisiana Forestry Commission, the Rapides Parish Police Jury, and the Lower West Red River Soil and Water Conservation District. The lake was created in 1970 as a reservoir for agricultural irrigation and for recreation purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="18802014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802014" title="Rowhouses at 256-274 Haven Street">
Rowhouses at 256-274 Haven Street

The Rowhouses at 256-274 Haven Street (also known as the Edward Manning Houses) are a series of historic rowhouses at 256-274 Haven Street in Reading, Massachusetts, USA. They were built in 1886 by Edward Manning on the site of a millyard that had been destroyed by fire a few years before. The rowhouses are in a Greek Revival/Italianate style, unusual given that these styles had passed out of fashion by that time. They are the only period rowhouses in Reading.
The rowhouses were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18802023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802023" title="Samuel Bancroft House">
Samuel Bancroft House

The Samuel Bancroft House is a historic house at 232 West Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story timber frame house was built c. 1748, and may incorporate portions of an even older building. It was built by Samuel Bancroft, a locally prominent civic leader, who purchased the property in 1748. The house was later owned by Ephraim Weston, a businessman who built another house nearby and turned this house over to his son. The house has relatively plain Georgian styling; its entrance is a later addition, as are the bay window and a shed-roof addition.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18802032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802032" title="Samuel Foster House">
Samuel Foster House

The Samuel Foster House (also known as the Foster-Emerson House) is a historic house at 409 Grove Street (formerly at 288 Grove Street) in Reading, Massachusetts. 
Samuel Foster, an early miller and farmer built the house in 1709 and his family resided in the building until Ebenezer Emerson purchased the house from the Fosters in 1769. Emerson served in the American Revolutionary War. The Meadow Brook Golf Club acquired the house and barn in 1912, and groundskeepers lived in the house from 1923 to the 1980s. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. In 1998 the house was moved from the golf course at 288 Grove Street to 409 Grove Street when it was no longer needed by the club, and there was a city-wide effort to preserve the building from demolition.

</doc>
<doc id="18802041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802041" title="Samuel Parker House (Reading, Massachusetts)">
Samuel Parker House (Reading, Massachusetts)

The Samuel Parker House is a historic house at 132 West Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The front, gambrel-roofed portion of this house, was probably built in the mid-1790s, and the house as a whole reflects a vernacular Georgian-Federal style. The house is noted for a succession of working-class owners (of which Samuel Parker, a cooper, was one). Its most notable resident was Carrie Belle Kenney, one of the earliest female graduates of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18802044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802044" title="Bunny Manders">
Bunny Manders

Harry Manders (almost exclusively known as Bunny Manders) is a character in the popular series of Raffles novels by E.W. Hornung. He is the faithful companion of Raffles, a cricketer and gentleman thief, who makes a living robbing the rich in late Victorian British High Society. 
Whereas Raffles is sharp-witted and cynical, the younger Bunny is more innocent and idealistic. Raffles often uses this naivete to his own benefit, and the two are commonly companions on the various burglaries they commit. 
History.
Raffles and Bunny had attended the same public school together. There was been a considerable age gap between them and Bunny had been Raffle's fag (i.e. a younger pupil required to act as a personal servant to a senior one). Bunny had always admired the older, charming Raffles who was a top sportsman and seemed to prevail in anything he did.
After some years without contact, during which time Manders inherits a considerable amount of money, the two reunite at Raffles' apartment in The Albany to play baccarat with others. Bunny looses heavily during the course of the evening. However, he has spent his inheritance and is unable to pay his gambling debts. Feeling himself to be ruined and dishonoured, he returns later to confront Raffles and explain his situation, with the intention of then shooting himself. However, Raffles persuades him not to do this and offers to help.
Admiring his pluck, Raffles tricks Bunny into joining him on a burglary, and the two become companions in crime. Together the two launch a series of daring robberies on London society, until they are eventually exposed in "The Gift of the Emperor" and arrested on board a passenger liner. Raffles leaps overboard and is presumed drowned, while Bunny is returned to England to serve a term in prison. After his release some years later, a mysterious newspaper advertisement reunites him with Raffles and they both go undercover. The two men continue their crime spree, now acting as outlaws.
In 1899 both Raffles and Bunny volunteer for service in the Second Boer War where soldiers of the British Empire were fighting the Boer guerillas. After uncovering an enemy spy, Raffles is killed in battle and Bunny is badly wounded. He returns to England to write his memoirs.

</doc>
<doc id="18802051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802051" title="Smith Shoe Shop">
Smith Shoe Shop

The Smith Shoe Shop is a historic ten-footer shoe workshop at 273 Haverhill Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The small outbuilding is one of a few surviving remnants of the local cottage industry of shoemaking that flourished in the 19th century. These were called "ten footers" because of their relatively small size, and fell out of favor after the introduction of factory-based methods for shoe production in the decades following the American Civil War.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18802070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802070" title="Stephen Hall House">
Stephen Hall House

The Stephen Hall House is a historic house in Reading, Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame house was built in the 1850s, and is one of Reading's best examples of Gothic Victorian residential architecture. It has board-and-batten siding, long and narrow windows, and a central projecting gabled overhang with Gothic arched windows and a deep eave with brackets.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18802073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802073" title="Mullet Fever">
Mullet Fever

Mullet Fever is the fourth album by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts originally released in 2001. It was released on Topon's label Ghetto Blaster Recordings with only 200 CD-Rs being made. The album was reissued in 2005 with bonus tracks on Sonic Deadline Records.
Track listing.
All music and lyrics by Fuck the Facts except where indicated.
Recording.
"Mullet Fever" was created and recorded in the Fall of 2001 largely in one session at the band's rehearsal space. Some songs were written and recorded on the spot, while others had small edits performed shortly afterward. The style of this record is more raw and punk-like grindcore that is different than most other Fuck the Facts releases.
Reissue.
In 2005, Mullet Fever was reissued on Sonic Deadline Records "to document the first incarnation of Fuck The Facts as a full band." It featured new artwork by current singer Mel Mongeon and it was remastered by Craig Boychuk. The reissue expands on the original release to include every release the band recorded with vocalist Brent Christoff. It features the following media:
Track listing.
All music and lyrics by Fuck the Facts except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="18802079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802079" title="Roland Godin">
Roland Godin

Roland Godin (11 October 1926 – 22 June 2009) was a Ralliement créditiste and Social Credit party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a manager by career.
Godin was born in Neuville, Quebec. He was first elected to Parliament at the Portneuf riding in the 1965 general election and re-elected in the 1968 and 1972. From 1966 to 1971, his party was known as the Ralliement créditiste. Godin was defeated in the 1974 federal election by Pierre Bussières of the Liberal party.
He ran for the Ralliement créditiste du Québec in the 1976 provincial election and finished fourth against Liberal incumbent Michel Pagé in Portneuf.
Godin died at Donnacona, Quebec on 22 June 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18802081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802081" title="Stillman Parker House">
Stillman Parker House

The Stillman Parker House is a historic house at 484 Summer Avenue in Reading, Massachusetts. Probably built in the 1850s, it is a rare local variant of transitional Federal/Greek Revival styling. The 1.5 story wood frame house has a high-pitched roof which extends over the front porch, which is supported by fluted Doric columns. The doors and windows have Greek Revival architrave surrounds. The house belonged to Stillman Parker, a local shoe manufacturer who also served on the town's board of selectmen.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18802092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802092" title="Stillman Pratt House">
Stillman Pratt House

The Stillman Pratt House is a historic house at 472 Summer Avenue in Reading, Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame house, probably built in the late 1840s, is a rare local variant of a combined Federal-Greek Revival style house. It follows the Federal style of placing the roof gables at the sides, but its roof extends over the front porch, which is supported by four fluted Doric columns. The house's corner pilasters are decorated with the Greek key motif, and its windows and doors have architrave surrounds with corner blocks.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18802093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802093" title="Quintil">
Quintil

A quintil is a unit of measure, used by the "Office International de la Vigne et du Vin" (International Office of Vines and Wine) to describe the weight of grape production.
One quintil is equivalent to 100 tons of fruit.
See also.
French wine

</doc>
<doc id="18802101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802101" title="Steve Lukather discography">
Steve Lukather discography

This article lists the complete discography of Steve Lukather.
Collaborations A-Z.
[http://www.artistdirect.com/artist/credits/steve:lukather/460919

</doc>
<doc id="18802112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802112" title="Thomas Symonds House">
Thomas Symonds House

The Thomas Symonds House is a historic house at 320 Haverhill Street in Reading, Massachusetts. Built sometime between 1775 and 1836 by Thomas Symonds, Jr., it is the only Federal period brick-ended house in the town. The 2.5 story house has a hip roof and four interior chimneys, and its front door surround is a conjectured 20th century replacement for an earlier surround. The relatively high Federal style of the house is unusual for Reading, and may have been the result of the influence of Salem builder Samuel McIntire, who was related to Symonds (also a Salem native) by marriage.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18802125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802125" title="Timothy Hartshorn House">
Timothy Hartshorn House

The Timothy Hartshorn House is a historic house at 379 Haverhill Street in Reading, Massachusetts. This 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1787 by Timothy Hartshorn, a farmer and shoemaker, and remained in his family for over 100 years. It is a vernacular Georgian-Federal style, with five bays and a central chimney. The main entrance is flanked by sidelight windows and fluted pilasters, supporting an entablature with high capitals, but is somewhat obscured by the 19th century porch.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18802137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802137" title="Toothcomb">
Toothcomb

A toothcomb (also tooth comb or dental comb) is a dental structure found in some mammals, comprising a group of front teeth arranged in a manner that facilitates grooming, similar to a hair comb. The toothcomb occurs in lemuriform primates (which includes lemurs and lorisoids), treeshrews, colugos, hyraxes, and some African antelopes. The structures evolved independently in different types of mammals through convergent evolution and vary both in dental composition and structure. In most mammals the comb is formed by a group of teeth with fine spaces between them. The toothcombs in most mammals include incisors only, while in lemuriform primates they include incisors and canine teeth that tilt forward at the front of the lower jaw, followed by a canine-shaped first premolar. The toothcombs of colugos and hyraxes take a different form with the individual incisors being serrated, providing multiple tines per tooth. 
The toothcomb is usually used for grooming. While licking the fur clean, the animal will run the toothcomb through the fur to comb it. Fine grooves or striations are usually cut into the teeth during grooming by the hair and may be seen on the sides of the teeth when viewed through a scanning electron microscope. The toothcomb is kept clean by either the tongue or, in the case of lemuriforms, the sublingua, a specialized "under-tongue". The toothcomb can have other functions, such as food procurement and bark gouging. Within lemuriforms, fork-marked lemurs and indriids have more robust toothcombs to support these secondary functions. In some lemurs, such as the aye-aye, the toothcomb has been lost completely and replaced with other specialized dentition.
In lemuriform primates, the toothcomb has been used by scientists in the interpretation of the evolution of lemurs and their kin. They are thought to have evolved from early adapiform primates around the Eocene or earlier. One popular hypothesis is that they evolved from European adapids, but the fossil record suggests that they evolved from an older lineage that migrated to Africa during the Paleocene (66 to 55 mya) and might have evolved from early cercamoniines from Asia. Fossil primates such as "Djebelemur", Anchomomys' milleri", and "Plesiopithecus" may have been their closest relatives. The lack of a distinct toothcomb in the fossil record prior to 40 mya has created a conflict with molecular clock studies that suggest an older divergence between lemurs and lorisoids, and the existence of a ghost lineage of lemuriform primates in Africa.
Homologous and analogous structures.
The toothcomb, a special morphological arrangement of teeth in the anterior lower jaw, is best known in extant strepsirrhine primates, which include lemurs and lorisoid primates (collectively known as lemuriforms). This homologous structure is a diagnostic character that helps define this clade (related group) of primates. An analogous trait is found in the bald uakari ("Cacajao calvus"), a type of New World monkey.
Toothcombs can also be found in colugos and treeshrews, both close relatives of primates; however, the structures are different and these are considered to examples of convergent evolution. Likewise, small- or medium-sized African antelopes, such as the impala ("Aepyceros melampus"), have a similar structure sometimes referred to as the "lateral dental grooming apparatus". Living and extinct hyraxes (hyracoids) also exhibit a toothcomb, although the number of tines in the comb vary throughout the fossil record.
Dating to the Eocene epoch over 50 mya, "Chriacus" and "Thryptacodon"—two types of arctocyonids (primitive placental mammals)—also possessed an independently evolved toothcomb.
Anatomical structure.
The toothcomb of most lemuriforms includes six finely spaced teeth, four incisors and two canine teeth that are procumbent (tilt forward) in the front of the mouth. The procumbent lower canine teeth are the same shape as the incisors located between them, but they are more robust and curve upward and inward, more so than the incisors. In the permanent dentition, the canines erupt after the incisors. The crowns of the incisors are also angled in the direction of the forward tilt, and the crowns of both the incisors and canines are elongated and compressed side-to-side. The apical ridge, following along the front edges of the toothcomb teeth, is V-shaped in most lemuriforms, tapering off from the midline. As a result of this dental reconfiguration, the upper and lower incisors do not contact one another, and often the upper incisors are reduced or lost completely.
The French anatomist Henri Marie Ducrotay de Blainville first identified the two lateral teeth of the lemuriform toothcomb as canines in 1840. Canine teeth are normally used to pierce or grasp objects. With modified lower canine teeth, the first lower premolars following the toothcomb are usually shaped like typical canine teeth (caniniform) and assume their function. These premolars are commonly confused with canines. Normally the true canines in the lower jaw sit in front of the upper canines, and in toothcombed primates, the caniniform premolars rest behind it.
The lemuriform toothcomb is kept clean by the sublingua or "under-tongue", a specialized muscular structure that acts like a toothbrush to remove hair and other debris. The sublingua can extend below the end of the tongue and is tipped with keratinized, serrated points that rake between the front teeth.
Among lemurs, the toothcomb is variable in structure. Among indriids (Indriidae), the toothcomb is less procumbent and consists of four teeth instead of six. The indriid toothcomb is more robust and wider, with shorter incisors, wider spaces between the teeth (interdental spaces), and a broader apical ridge. It is unclear whether this four-toothed toothcomb consists of two pairs of incisors or one pair of incisors and one pair of canines. In fork-marked lemurs ("Phaner") the toothcomb is more compressed, with significantly reduced interdental spaces. All six teeth are longer, straighter, and form a more continuous apical ridge. In the recently extinct monkey lemurs (Archaeolemuridae) and sloth lemurs (Palaeopropithecidae), the toothcomb was lost and the incisors and canines resumed a typical configuration in the front of the mouth. The aye-aye also lost its toothcomb, replacing it with continually growing (hypselodont) front teeth, similar to the incisors of rodents.
In colugos, the toothcomb has a completely different structure. Instead of individual incisors and canine teeth being finely spaced to act like the teeth of a comb, the biting edge of the four incisors have become serrated with as many as 15 tines each, while the canine acts more like a molar. These serrated incisors are kept clean using the front of the tongue, which is serrated to match the serrations of the incisors. Similarly, the hyracoid toothcomb consists of incisors with multiple tines, called "pectinations". In contrast to the colugos, the size and shape of the tines are more uniform.
The toothcomb of treeshrews is like the lemuriform toothcomb in that it uses interdental spaces to form the comb tines, but only two of its three pairs of lower incisors are included in the toothcomb and the canines are also excluded. The lateral two incisors in the toothcomb are generally larger. In the extinct arctocyonids, all six lower incisors were part of the toothcomb. In African antelopes, the toothcomb is strikingly similar to that of lemuriforms in that it consists of two pairs of incisors and a pair of canines.
Functions.
As a homologous structure in lemuriforms, the toothcomb serves variable biological roles, despite its superficially stereotypic shape and appearance. It is primarily used as a toiletry device or grooming comb. Additionally, some species use their toothcomb for food procurement or to gouge tree bark.
Grooming.
The primary function of the toothcomb, grooming, was first noted by the French naturalist Georges Cuvier in 1829, who pointed out that the ring-tailed lemur ("Lemur catta") had lower incisors that ""sont de véritables peignes"" ("are real combs"). More than 100 years later, the grooming function was questioned since it was difficult to observe and the interdental spaces were thought to be too small for fur. Observations later showed the teeth were used for that purpose and that immediately after grooming, hair may be found trapped in the teeth, but is removed by the sublingua later.
In 1981, scanning electron microscopy revealed fine groves or striations on the teeth in lemuriform toothcombs. These grooves were only found on the sides of the teeth on the concave surfaces between the sides, as well on the back ridge of the teeth. Between 10 and 20 µm wide, these grooves indicate that hair moved repeatedly across the teeth. Inside these grooves were even finer groves, less than 1 µm, created by abrasion with the cuticular layer of the hair.
Among non-primates, the extinct "Chriacus" exhibits microscopic groves on its toothcomb, but the Philippine colugo ("Cynocephalus volans") does not. The toothcomb of the colugos is generally considered to function as a toothcomb, but due to the lack of striations on the teeth and no documented observations of toothcomb use during oral grooming, its use seems to be limited to food procurement.
In African antelopes, the lateral dental grooming apparatus does not appear to be used during grazing or browsing. Instead, it is used during grooming when the head sweeps upward in a distinctive motion. It is thought to comb the fur and remove ectoparasites.
Olfaction in lemuriforms.
In lemuriform primates, the toothcomb may also play a secondary role in olfaction, which may account for the size reduction of the poorly studied upper incisors. The toothcomb may provide pressure to stimulate glandular secretions which are then spread through the fur. Furthermore, the size reduction of the upper incisors may create a gap between the teeth (interincisal diastema) that connects the philtrum (a cleft in the middle of the wet nose, or rhinarium) to the vomeronasal organ in the roof of the mouth. This would allow pheromones to be more easily transferred to the vomeronasal organ.
Food procurement and other uses.
Mouse lemurs ("Microcebus"), sifakas ("Propithecus"), and the indri ("Indri") use their toothcombs to scoop up fruit pulp. Other small lemuriforms, such as fork-marked lemurs ("Phaner"), the hairy-eared dwarf lemur ("Allocebus"), and galagos (particularly the genera "Galago" and "Euoticus") use their toothcombs to tooth-scrape plant exudates, such as gum and sap. In fork-marked lemurs, the toothcomb is specially adapted to minimize food trapment since the interdental spaces are greatly reduced. The herbivorous colugos in the genus "Cynocephalus" may also use their toothcomb for food procurement.
Indriids such as the sifakas use their toothcombs to gouge bark or dead wood (bark-prising), which is done prior to scent-marking with the gland on their chest. The more robust structure of their toothcomb is thought to help it withstand the compressive forces experienced during regular bark-prising.
Evolution in lemuriforms.
The origins of the lemuriform toothcomb and the clade it characterizes have been the center of considerable debate for more than a century. In 1920, British palaeoanthropologist Wilfrid Le Gros Clark proposed that the toothcomb found in treeshrews (which he believed were primates) was an early version of the dental structure found in lemuriforms. Because he viewed the fossil lorisoids from the Miocene as not having fully developed the modern lemuriform toothcomb, he implied that lemurs and lorisoids had evolved the trait independently. This view was later overturned, and the monophyletic relationship between lemurs and lorisoids is now accepted.
The ancestral condition of the anterior dentition on the lower jaw, based on Eocene primate fossils, suggests that earliest primates had lacked a differentiated toothcomb. Most fossil strepsirrhines lacked the stereotypic lemuriform toothcomb. Collectively, early strepsirrhine primates are known as adapiforms. Adapiforms are considered to be a paraphyletic group (containing many but not all of the descendants of the last common ancestor of the group's members) because the lemuriforms are assumed to have evolved from one of several groups of adapiforms. In terms of ecology, the evolution of the toothcomb is assumed to have required a folivorous (leaf-eating) diet among the ancestral adapiform population, since that would select for reduced incisors, which would serve as an exaptation (a trait with adaptive value for something other than what it was originally selected for), which could then be used for personal or social grooming. However, the inclusion of the canines into the toothcomb must have required exceptional conditions, since large lemuriforms have secondarily modified caniniform premolars to substitute for the loss.
A popular hypothesis about the origins of the lemuriform clade is that they evolved from European adapiforms known as adapids. In some adapids, the crests of the lower incisors and canines align to form functional cropping unit, and the American paleontologist Philip D. Gingerich has suggested this foreshadowed the development of the lemuriform toothcomb. However, no lemuriform toothcomb has been found in the fossil record of the Eocene, and the European adapid lower jaws from that time did not resemble the derived state seen in lemuriforms.
Lemuriforms are currently thought to have evolved in Africa, and the earliest known prosimian primates from Africa are azibiids from the early Eocene, which likely descended from a very early colonization of the Afro-Arabian land mass in the Paleocene (66 to 55 mya). Stem lemuriforms, including "Djebelemur" and Anchomomys' milleri", have been found in Africa and date from 50 to 48 mya and were very distinct from European adapiforms. However, they lack a toothcomb. These stem lemuriforms suggest an early common ancestry with cercamoniines from outside of Europe. Based on large, procumbent lower teeth, "Plesiopithecus", a fossil primate found in late Eocene deposits at the Fayum Depression in Egypt, is thought to be most closely related to lemuriforms. Together, "Djebelemur", "‘Anchomomys’ milleri", and "Plesiopithecus" are considered to be sister taxa (the closest relatives) of lemuriform primates.
Dating inconsistencies.
Although stem lemuriforms like "Djebelemur" may have been contemporaneous with related toothcombed primates around 50 to 48 mya, the sparse African fossil record suggests toothcomb differentiation occurred around 52 to 40 mya according to the French paleoanthropologist Marc Godinot. This would conflict with the molecular clock estimates by evolutionary anthropologist Anne Yoder and others, which predict lemur–lorisoid divergence dating between 61 and 90.8 mya.
In 2001, the discovery of "Bugtilemur", a fossil primate from Pakistan dating to the Oligocene and initially thought to be a cheirogaleid lemur, further challenged the theory of lemur origins; however, it was later shown to be a type of adapiform primate and not a lemur.
The minimum paleontological estimate for the divergence of lemurs and lorisoids nearly doubled when additional discoveries were made in northern Egypt during the 2000s of a stem galagid ("Saharagalago") and a stem or crown lorisoid ("Karanisia") dating to 37 and 40 mya respectively. "Karanisia" is the oldest fossil primate to exhibit a distinct lemuriform toothcomb. This, as well as studies of other African adapiforms like "‘Anchomomys’ milleri" and "Wadilemur", suggests a more ancient ghost lineage for lemuriforms in Africa.
Original function of the lemuriform toothcomb.
The selective pressure that shaped the original lemuriform toothcomb has been a topic of considerable debate since the 1970s. Evidence can be seen as supporting a grooming function, food procurement function, or both. In the early 1900s, there was less debate. Grooming was seen as the primary function since primates lack the claws needed to adequately comb the fur, although prosimian primates (strepsirrhines and tarsiers) possess at least one grooming claw on each foot to compensate. Grooming—in the form of fur-combing—is generally considered the primary function and original role of the lemuriform toothcomb, and subsequent changes in morphology across multiple lineages have altered its function and obscured its original function.
The hypothesis that the toothcomb evolved for food procurement was based on observations of recent lemuriform taxa, such as cheirogaleid lemurs (particularly fork-marked lemurs and the hairy-eared dwarf lemur) and galagos, which demonstrate tooth-scraping of plant exudates, as well as sifakas, which practice bark-prising. Each of these were considered "primitive" forms among the living strepsirrhines, suggesting the first lemuriforms exhibited similar behaviors. Also, strong selective pressure from feeding ecology placed on the anterior dentition was emphasized, based on the specialized upper anterior dentition seen in the recently extinct koala lemurs ("Megaladapis"). If feeding ecology could have such profound effects on the shape of the anterior dentition, then convergent evolution might explain the similarities seen between the compressed lower incisors of the lemuriform toothcomb and the exudate feeding adaptations in the genus "Callithrix" (a type of marmoset).
In contrast, the grooming hypothesis emphasized that all lemuriforms use their toothcombs for grooming, and long, thin teeth are poorly suited for the mechanical stress of gouging and exudate feeding. Also the interdental spaces seen in most lemuriforms favor fur combing and would also promote bacterial growth and tooth decay if used for exudate feeding. Supporting this, reduced interdental spacing is found in exudate feeding lemuriforms. Furthermore, the canine included in the toothcomb provides additional interdental spacing for fur combing. Even the behavior of young lemuriforms suggests that grooming plays a more important role in the use of the toothcomb than food procurement.

</doc>
<doc id="18802142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802142" title="Walnut Street School (Reading, Massachusetts)">
Walnut Street School (Reading, Massachusetts)

The Walnut Street School is a historic school building at 55 Hopkins Street in Reading, Massachusetts. A two-room schoolhouse built in 1853, it is the town's oldest public building. It was modified by architect Horace G. Wadlin in 1884.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18802144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802144" title="Albert Dominicus Trip van Zoudtlandt">
Albert Dominicus Trip van Zoudtlandt

Jonkheer Albert Dominicus Trip van Zoudtlandt (Groningen, October 13, 1776—The Hague, March 23, 1835) was a Dutch lieutenant-general of cavalry who headed the Dutch-Belgian heavy cavalry brigade at the Battle of Waterloo.
Biography.
Family life.
Trip was the son of Jonkheer Jan Louis Trip van Zoudtlandt and Anna Wilhelmina, countess of Limburg-Stirum. He first married Cornelia Gijsberta Smit, and after her death, Elisabeth Gratiana, countess of Limburg-Stirum (a cousin) at The Hague on August 16, 1826.
Career.
Trip entered the service of the Dutch Republic on July 1, 1791 as a cadet in an infantry regiment. He was commissioned as a second lieutenant in 1792, and promoted to first lieutenant on July 8, 1795. By then the Batavian Republic had replaced the Dutch Republic. As an officer in the Batavian army, and subsequently the army of the Kingdom of Holland he saw action in its campaigns as an ally of the imperial French army in Germany and (then Swedish) Pomerania. During this career he switched to the cavalry and became commander of a regiment of cuirassiers.
When the Kingdom of Holland was annexed by the First French Empire in July, 1810, all Dutch army units were incorporated in the French army under new names. Trip's regiment became the 14th Regiment Cuirassiers. With this regiment Trip took part in the French invasion of Russia in 1812. His regiment distinguished itself (like other Dutch regiments) at the Battle of Berezina, during the harrowing retreat of the French army from Moscow.
Trip subsequently took part in the final campaigns of the French army before Napoleon I of France's first abdication in 1814. He distinguished himself again at the Battle of Leipzig. After the fall of the Empire the Dutch contingents in the French army were demobilized. Trip left French service as a colonel on April 14, 1814. He entered the service of the new Dutch army (the Netherlands having regained its independence at the end of 1813) in June, 1814 with the same rank, and became aide de camp of the Sovereign Prince, William I of the Netherlands. He was promoted to major-general on April 16, 1815, and given the command of a brigade of heavy cavalry, composed of the 1st and 3rd (Dutch) and 2nd (Belgian) regiments of (mounted) carabiniers of the new Netherlands Mobile Army of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands.
Battles of Quatre Bras and Waterloo.
This brigade took part in the Battle of Quatre Bras and the subsequent Battle of Waterloo as part of the Netherlands Cavalry Division (lt.-gen. J.A. Baron de Collaert) of the First Netherlands Corps under the Prince of Orange. This Corps formed the center of the Duke of Wellington's Anglo-Allied army at Waterloo. Trip's brigade was initially placed astride the Nivelles road, but when Trip noticed the French preparations for Marshal Ney's great cavalry attack after d'Erlon's failed assault on the Allied left wing, he repositioned his brigade to counter that attack to a position south-west of Mont St.-Jean. When Ney attacked the British artillery Trip's brigade joined Lord Edward Somerset's Household Brigade in its counterattack. Both the French cuirassiers and the Dutch/Belgian carabiniers charged. The French horses (already tired from their previous exertions) could not make sufficient speed, due to the heavy ground they had to traverse, and Trip's carabiniers shattered their formation through the sheer impact of their assault. This caused a rout of the left wing of the French cuirassiers, which was exploited by other allied cavalry units. During this encounter Trips's brigade suffered severe casualties.
Despite these casualties, the brigade soon had to renew its attacks. The 2nd (Belgian) Regiment was led by the Prince of Orange personally in a charge, where he encouraged them with the cry: 'Allons, mes camarades, sabrons ces Francais, la victoire est à nous' (Come on, comrades, let's put our sabres to these Frenchmen, the victory is ours). The brigade again routed the opposing cavalry and pursued them past the road to Ohain. During these exploits the commanders of both the 1st (lt.-col. Coenegracht) and 3rd (lt.-col. Lechleitner) regiments were mortally wounded. Nevertheless, the brigade took part in the pursuit of the French army after the failed attack of Napoleon's Guard divisions finally caused its defeat, until Wellington called off the pursuit around 10 pm.
Trip was mentioned in Wellington's dispatch of June 19, 1815 for the contribution his brigade had made to the Allied victory. Trip himself was made a knight-commander in the Military William Order on July 8, 1815.
The Siborne controversy.
In 1844, almost thirty years after the battle, a British military historian, William Siborne, published a book based on a survey he had made of a number of British officers, who had attended the Battle of Waterloo. In this book Siborne accused Trip personally, and the brigade as a whole, of cowardice on the basis of allegations made by Lord Uxbridge, the British cavalry commander at Waterloo. According to this account, Uxbridge had tried to order the brigade forward in a charge at the time Somerset made his charge, as described above. According to Uxbridge, Trip had refused this order, even though Uxbridge had given him a severe reprimand (presumably in English). After Uxbridge had disgustedly ridden away (still according to Siborne) the whole brigade had bolted, even disturbing the preparations of other allied cavalry units.
This account is completely at variance with the above account of the battle, which is based on Dutch after-battle reports. Siborne gives only the "testimony" of his respondents as proof of these allegations. As a matter of fact, it is not the only allegation of cowardice Siborne made against the Dutch and Belgian units at Waterloo. In a postscript at the end of his book he even says that with very few exceptions, all Dutch troops behaved like cowards. Of course, these allegations caused a furore in the Netherlands and Belgium. Dutch general Willem Jan Knoop soon published a semi-official refutation as did his Belgian colleague general Alexis-Michel Eenens. The latter is especially scathing in his destruction of Siborne's argument pertaining to the Trip brigade, probably because the honor of the 2nd (Belgian) regiment of carabiniers was directly insulted.
Despite these refutations Siborne's allegations often are repeated in Anglophone historiography of the battle.
Later career.
Trip was promoted to lieutenant-general of cavalry on November 24, 1816. He was appointed commander-in-chief of Dutch cavalry on March 22, 1831. During the Ten days campaign in the course of the Belgian Revolution of 1830 he was wounded during the attack on Leuven on August 12, 1831. Shortly afterward, he received the Grand-Cross in the Order of the Netherlands Lion.
Trip died, still in office, on March 23, 1835, in The Hague.

</doc>
<doc id="18802158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802158" title="Washington Damon House">
Washington Damon House

The Washington Damon House is a historic house at 38 Salem Street in Reading, Massachusetts, exhibiting the adaptation of existing housing stock to new architectural style. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1839, and was at the time a fairly conventional side hall Greek Revival house, although it has small wings on either side that also appear date to that period. It was significantly renovated in 1906, when the wraparound porch was added, as was the Palladian window in the front gable end. When made, these additions included Greek Revival elements that were sensitive to those already present on the structure.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18802169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802169" title="Wendell Bancroft House">
Wendell Bancroft House

The Wendell Bancroft House is a historic house at 20 Washington Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in the late 1860s, and is one of the few Gothic Revival houses in the town. The hip roof has cross-gable dormers with steeply pitched roofs and decorative bargeboard trim, and the south facade has Gothic lancet windows. The house was built by Wendell Bancroft, founder or director of several local banks.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18802185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802185" title="1995 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships">
1995 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships

The 1995 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Duisburg, Germany for the third time. The German city had hosted the event previously in 1979 and 1987 when it was part of West Germany.
The men's competition consisted of nine Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Six events were held for the women, all in kayak.
This was the 27th championships in canoe sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="18802188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802188" title="William Parker House">
William Parker House

The William Parker House is a historic house at 55 Walnut Street in Reading, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1796, was expanded early in the 19th century into a two family residence, and converted back into a single family in the early 20th century. It is notable for its association with William Parker, a dissenter from the doctrines espoused by the local Congregational Church. In 1849 he joined with other members of his extended family in splitting the congregation.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18802242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802242" title="This Sandwich Has No Mayonnaise">
This Sandwich Has No Mayonnaise

"This Sandwich Has No Mayonnaise" is a short story by J. D. Salinger published in "Esquire" in October 1945. The story was published in the 1958 anthology "The Armchair Esquire", edited by Arnold Gingrich and L. Rust Hills.
The story describes Vincent Caulfield's visit back home after the war. He's upset because his brother Holden (as described in "The Last Day of the Last Furlough") is missing in action, and is unable to accept the possibility Holden may be dead. 

</doc>
<doc id="18802246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802246" title="Ovide Laflamme">
Ovide Laflamme

Ovide Laflamme (10 December 1925 - 29 June 1993) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Saint-Damien, Quebec and became a judge and lawyer by career.
He was first elected at the Bellechasse riding in
a 26 September 1955 by-election, then re-elected in the 1957 federal election. After serving his term in the 23rd Canadian Parliament, Laflamme was defeated at Bellechasse in the 1958 by Noël Dorion of the Progressive Conservative party and in the 1962 election by Bernard Dumont of the Social Credit party.
In the 1963 election, Laflamme campaigned at the Québec—Montmorency riding but was again unsuccessful having lost to Guy Marcoux of the Social Credit party. He won Québec—Montmorency in the 1965 election, and was re-elected at the Montmorency riding in the 1968 and 1972 federal elections. After completing his term in May 1974 for the 29th Canadian Parliament, Laflamme left federal office without contesting another federal election.

</doc>
<doc id="18802277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802277" title="Allyn House (Arlington, Massachusetts)">
Allyn House (Arlington, Massachusetts)

Allyn House, built in 1898, is a historic house at 94 Oakland Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18802285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802285" title="Suna (song)">
Suna (song)

Overview.
The release of came almost six months since her last single and did not receive a tie-in.

</doc>
<doc id="18802289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802289" title="Barbara Rafferty">
Barbara Rafferty

Barbara Rafferty (born 1954, Glasgow) is a Scottish actress. She is best known for playing Ella Cotter in "Rab C Nesbitt" between 1990 and 1999, and then again from 2008 - 2011 when the show made a comeback. Rab C Nesbitt made a comeback for a special Episode in 2014 then a followed on series in 2014 summer . Other notable television roles include playing pub landlady Agnes Meldrum in "Hamish Macbeth" and Alice MacAllister in "The Young Person's Guide To Becoming A Rock Star". Also, in the 2006 film "The Last King of Scotland", Barbara Rafferty starred as Mrs. Garrigan.
until 2009 she was appearing in the BBC Scotland soap "River City" as Shirley Henderson
Barbara's daughter, Amy Rafferty, is a singer, songwriter, and musician with the cult Glasgow music collective The Recovery Club.
Her son, Bob Rafferty, fronts the well known Glasgow alternative rock band El Dog.
In 2013 it was announced that Rafferty would join the cast of His Majesty's Theatre in Aberdeen Pantomime Cinderella with her friend Elaine C. Smith
She currently plays "Granny Mainland" in the new CBeebies TV series, Katie Morag. It started airing on November 3, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18802290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802290" title="Arlington Center Historic District">
Arlington Center Historic District

Arlington Center Historic District is a historic district between Massachusetts Avenue and Academy, Pleasant and Maple Streets in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="18802299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802299" title="Coke's hartebeest">
Coke's hartebeest

Coke's hartebeest ("Alcelaphus buselaphus cokii") or kongoni is an antelope native to Kenya and Tanzania.
It can hybridize with Lelwel hartebeest to make the Kenya Highland hartebeest ("Alcelaphus buselaphus lelwel" x "cokii").

</doc>
<doc id="18802305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802305" title="Arlington Coal &amp; Lumber">
Arlington Coal &amp; Lumber

Arlington Coal & Lumber, built in 1841, is a historic building at 41 Park Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18802310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802310" title="Mark Huismann">
Mark Huismann

Mark Lawrence Huismann (born May 11, 1958) is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher.
Early years.
Huismann was born in Littleton, Colorado, and attended Colorado State University upon graduation from Thomas B. Doherty High School in Colorado Springs. Shortly after his 21st birthday, he was drafted by the Chicago Cubs in the 23rd round of the 1979 Major League Baseball Draft, but did not sign. After going undrafted in the 1980 Major League Baseball Draft, he signed with the Kansas City Royals as an amateur free agent.
Kansas City Royals.
After four seasons in the minors, in which he compiled a 20-15 record with 49 saves and a 2.29 earned run average, Huismann made his major league debut on August 16, against the Detroit Tigers. Huismann drove his parents' car to the game, and almost didn't make it, as the car overheated three times on the way to Royals Stadium. He made it in time to enter the game in the fifth inning, and with runners on first and third and two outs, Huismann induced a fly ball to center from cleanup hitter Lance Parrish to end the threat. The Royals erupted for nine runs in the seventh to make a winner of Huismann in his debut.
Huismann began the season with the Royals, but after going 0-2 with a 6.75 ERA in thirteen appearances, he was optioned back to triple A Omaha. He was far more effective when he returned in July, going 3-1 with a 2.79 ERA and three saves over the rest of the season. He made his only post season appearance in game one of the 1984 American League Championship Series against the Detroit Tigers.
Despite this progress, he did not make the Royals' roster for . Instead, he compiled an American Association record 33 saves for the Omaha Royals to earn Pitcher of the Year honors. He received a call-up to the majors when rosters expanded that September, and was 1-0 with a 1.93 ERA in nine games, but was not part of the Royals' post season roster.
Seattle Mariners.
With Dan Quisenberry in his prime, there was little room for a closer on the Royals. On May 21, , he was traded to the Seattle Mariners for catcher Terry Bell. He made his only career start for the M's on July 21 against the Toronto Blue Jays. He was pulled in the fourth inning after having surrendered six runs (5 earned), and took the loss. Otherwise, he spent the rest of the season in a lefty/righty platoon with Matt Young closing games for Seattle. Huismann finished fourteen games, picking up four saves.
Cleveland Indians.
He appeared in just six games for the Mariners in before being dealt to the Cleveland Indians for outfielder Dave Gallagher. He was 2-3 with two saves and a 5.09 ERA for the Indians when he was optioned down to the triple A Buffalo Bisons on July 15.
The Indians released Huismann during Spring training the following season. Shortly afterwards, he signed with the Detroit Tigers.
Huismann pitched in all or part of nine seasons in the majors for six different teams from 1983 until . Despite spending parts of nine seasons in the major leagues, Huismann pitched in more than 20 games in the majors just three times, spending more time at the minor league level than the majors in nearly every season (1986 being the only season during that stretch that he did not spend any time in the minors). In 1992 He played his final season of baseball for the Omaha Royals.

</doc>
<doc id="18802314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802314" title="Arlington Gaslight Company">
Arlington Gaslight Company

Arlington Gaslight Company is an historic building on Grove Street and Town Yard in Arlington, Massachusetts.
The Romanesque building was constructed in 1914. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18802319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802319" title="Arlington Pumping Station">
Arlington Pumping Station

The Arlington Pumping Station, built in 1907, is a historic water pumping station on Brattle Court (off Brattle Street) in Arlington, Massachusetts. Its purpose was to provide water to Lexington and higher elevations in Arlington. The station was put in service on December 4, 1907.
Design.
The station was designed by CA Dodge & Co, with construction beginning August 23, 1906. It is a brick building long by wide, about from the ground to the cornice. The foundation walls are of Portland cement concrete, faced, where exposed on the outside below the water-table course, with seam-faced granite. Exterior walls are of dark-red faced brick, with Longmeadow brownstone trimmings, and are surmounted by a hip roof supported by steel trusses and covered with slate. The steps at the main entrance, the water-table course and the trimmings below the water-table are of pink Milford granite. 
The building is subdivided by a division wall forming an engine room long by wide and high, and a boiler room long by wide and high. The interior facing of the engine and boiler room walls is of red brick. The engine room floor is of red quarry tile. The floors in the basement of the engine room and in the boiler and coal houses are granolithic. In the rear of the boiler room there is an underground coal pocket long by wide by high, covered by a reinforced concrete roof over which the side track is carried. In this roof there are 16 openings through which coal may be unloaded from the cars. The brick chimney is in the rear of the building. It is high and in diameter at the base, diminishing to in diameter at a point below the top. The flue is 2 feet 6 inches in diameter. The main entrance is on the front of the building. The vestibule is by , and on either side of it are the office and toilet room, both by , the three forming a projection from the main building by .
Pumping equipment.
The Allis-Chalmers Company furnished the pumping equipment, which was a horizontal, cross-compound, flywheel engine fitted with Corliss valve gear, and operating two horizontal, outside packed, plunger pumps. The high and low pressure steam pistons were 14 inches and 28 inches in diameter, respectively, and the pump plungers 8% inches in diameter, all having a stroke of 18 inches. The capacity of the engine at 65 revolutions per minute was 1,500,000 gallons in twenty-four hours. The engine which was erected by the Blake & Knowles Steam Pump Works was of the horizontal, cross-compound, direct-acting type, operating two outside packed, plunger pumps. The steam cylinders were 11 inches and 22 inches in diameter, the pump plungers 12 inches in diameter, and both pistons and plungers have a stroke of 18 inches. When operated at the rate of 31 revolutions per minute the capacity was 1,500,000 gallons per day. There were two boilers of the horizontal, under-fired type, each 54 inches in diameter, containing 60 3-inch tubes long. The furnaces were fitted with Foster shaking grates, wide by 5 l/2 feet long.

</doc>
<doc id="18802322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802322" title="Andrej Babić">
Andrej Babić

Andrej Babić is a Croatian songwriter who has written many Eurovision songs since 2003. He is one of the few songwriters who has written for four countries, having written entries for Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Slovenia and Portugal.
Eurovision Song Contest entries.
† Music co-written with Aleksandar Valenčić

</doc>
<doc id="18802332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802332" title="Baptist Society Meeting House">
Baptist Society Meeting House

Baptist Society Meeting House, built in 1790, is a historic Baptist church building at 3-5 Brattle Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18802333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802333" title="Boom chick">
Boom chick

Boom chick and variants such as "chicka" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18802343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802343" title="Maria Bassett House">
Maria Bassett House

Maria Bassett House, built in 1850, is a historic house at 8 College Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18802357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802357" title="Butterfield-Whittemore House">
Butterfield-Whittemore House

The Butterfield-Whittemore House, built in 1695, is a historic colonial house at 54 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts.
The earliest part of the house was built about 1695 by Johnathan Butterfield, a field driver in Menotomy. It was sold in 1749 to Samuel Whittemore III, son of the local Revolutionary War hero. Greek Revival modifications were made about 1845, and a new porch added circa 1920. Restorations began in 2006 and have since completed.
The house's position is distinctive in that it faces Massachusetts Avenue at an angle, reflecting the path of the road as it was in the late seventeenth century.

</doc>
<doc id="18802369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802369" title="Call-Bartlett House">
Call-Bartlett House

Call-Bartlett House, built in 1855, is a historic house at 216 Pleasant Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18802372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802372" title="Four0ninE">
Four0ninE

Four0ninE is the first EP by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts. It was recorded in mid May 2001 by the band. It marks the first recordings with vocalist Brent Christoff, and the only recordings with bassist Shomir Das. It is the second release by Fuck the Facts as a band, the first being a split with Ames Sanglates. Days after the recording of this EP, Shomir left the band.
Release.
Topon had been in contact with Mortuary I.O.D. for recording a split with another band he was in, Recondite. However, he was asked to leave Recondite before the release was finalized. Because he had been in contact with Mortuary I.O.D., he decided that Fuck the Facts would be on the split instead.
Ultimately, the split was never released due to financial complications, so the band decided to release the songs on their own. It was released on 99 3" mini CD-Rs in August. It was re-released in 2003 on a split with Banzai 606 on First Aid Productions and again in 2005 as part of the "Mullet Fever" reissue documenting the first year of Fuck the Facts as a full band.

</doc>
<doc id="18802375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802375" title="Poli (surname)">
Poli (surname)

Poli is a surname of Italian origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18802382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802382" title="Calvary Methodist Church">
Calvary Methodist Church

Calvary Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church building at 300 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts.
Calvary Church was designed by J.H. McNaughton and W. J. Perry, built in 1920, and dedicated in 1923. Its belfry was designed by noted architect Charles Bulfinch in 1809, originally as part of Boylston Market, Boston; it was donated to the church in 1921. 

</doc>
<doc id="18802388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802388" title="Bothriopsis oligolepis">
Bothriopsis oligolepis

Bothriopsis oligolepis is a venomous pitviper species found in Peru and Bolivia. The specific name is derived from the Greek words "oligo" and "lepis", meaning "few scales"; probably an allusion to the lower numbers of dorsal and ventral scales that it has compared to "B. bilineata". No subspecies are currently recognized.
Description.
Adults grow to a length of at least 98.6 cm. The body is moderately slender with a prehensile tail.
The scalation includes 23 rows of dorsal scales at midbody, 188-196 ventral scales and 53-66 mostly paired subcaudal scales. On the head there are usually 6-8 intersupraoculars, 7-8 supralabial scales (the second is fused with the prelacunal to form a lacunolabial) and 9-11 sublabial scales.
The color pattern consists of a brownish green to green to grayish green ground color overlaid with a series of pairs of crossbars. These crossbars are dark brown or black and bordered with yellow or yellowish white. This pattern usually breaks up anteriorly, resulting in spots of both colors. Occasionally, a row of yellowish ventrolateral spots, each covering 1-3 scales, is present and extends to the tail. The belly is yellow with pale green mottling. On the head, a well-defined postocular script is present that extends to the angle of the mouth, but does not involve the supralabial scales.
Geographic range.
Found on the eastern slopes of the Andes in Peru and Bolivia. The type locality given is "Bolivien" (Bolivia).

</doc>
<doc id="18802393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802393" title="Highrock Church">
Highrock Church

Highrock Church (the meeting house was formerly known as the Saint Athanasius Greek Orthodox Church) is a historic church meeting house at 735 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts, that is currently home to an Evangelical Covenant Church congregation.
History of Building.
The church building was constructed in 1841 for a Universalist congregation that had broken off from First Parish Congregational Church when it espoused a Unitarian doctrine. In 1961, the two congregations reunited in a building across the street. In 1964, Saint Athasius Greek Orthodox Church purchased the building from the Universalists and made the site its home until 2004. The church building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. In 2006, Highrock Church, a congregation founded in 1999, purchased the building from the Greek Orthodox Church congregation when it moved to another larger structure (the former site of St. James Roman Catholic Church in Arlington).
History of Current Congregation.
The congregation was established in 1999 in Needham, Massachusetts, adopting the name "Highrock" from the street on which they met. The joined the Evangelical Convenant Church in 2003, and in 2006 purchased the former Greek Orthodox church building in Arlington. In 2008, Highrock launched its first church plant in greater Boston: Highrock Brookline. In the summer of 2012, Highrock launched two new church plants in Quincy and Salem. 

</doc>
<doc id="18802395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802395" title="Constancia Nery">
Constancia Nery

Constancia Nery (born 1936, Ipigua, Sao Paulo, Brazil) is one of today’s leading Latin American Naïve Art painters. Nery is considered a revolutionary Naive Art painter in the Latin American landscape which yielded a number of widely known artist in this space and one of the youngest selling Naive Art painters today. Neri resides in Curitiba, Parana, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="18802400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802400" title="United States presidential election in California, 2000">
United States presidential election in California, 2000

The 2000 United States presidential election in California took place on November 7, 2000 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2000 United States presidential election. Voters chose 54 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President. The state hosted the 2000 Democratic National Convention in Los Angeles and was slightly contested by both candidates due to a large Hispanic population and a large independent and moderate base surrounding San Diego and Sacramento's suburbs.
California was won by Vice President Al Gore by an 11.8% margin of victory.
Electors.
Technically the voters of California cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. California is allocated 54 electors because it has 52 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 54 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 54 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 18, 2000 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All were pledged to and voted for Al Gore and Joe Lieberman:

</doc>
<doc id="18802401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802401" title="English Attack">
English Attack

English Attack can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18802402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802402" title="The Black Crowes discography">
The Black Crowes discography

This is a discography of The Black Crowes, an American hard rock/jam band formed in 1984 by Chris and Rich Robinson. The band has released nine studio albums, four live albums, two compilation albums, and twenty-six singles. Their first studio album, "Shake Your Money Maker", was released in 1990. Helped by the singles "Twice As Hard", "Jealous Again", "Hard to Handle", "She Talks to Angels", and "Seeing Things", the album peaked at number four on the "Billboard" 200 and went five times platinum in the United States. "Hard to Handle" and "She Talks to Angels" both reached number one on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
In 1992, The Black Crowes released the studio album "The Southern Harmony and Musical Companion", which reached number one on the "Billboard" 200 and went two times platinum in the US. It was the band's last album to go platinum. Four singles from the album ("Thorn in My Pride", "Sting Me", "Remedy", and "Hotel Illness") topped the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, bringing the band's overall total to six.
The Black Crowes released three more studio albums that decade: "Amorica" in 1994, "Three Snakes and One Charm" in 1996, and "By Your Side" in 1999. "Amorica" was certified gold in the US. In 2000, they released the compilation album "" and the live album "Live at the Greek". Their sixth studio album, "Lions", was released in 2001. The live album "Live" was released in 2002.
From 2002 to 2005, The Black Crowes went on hiatus. Since re-forming, they have released three studio albums, two live albums, and one compilation album. Their 2008 studio album "Warpaint" peaked at number five on the "Billboard" 200 and was their first album to peak in the top ten since "The Southern Harmony and Musical Companion".

</doc>
<doc id="18802404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802404" title="JCorps">
JCorps

JCorps is an international social volunteer network of thousands of Jewish young adults, aged 18–28. It is currently active in New York City, Washington, D.C., Los Angeles, Denver, Boulder, Montreal, Jerusalem, Tel Aviv, Beer Sheva, Kiev, Russia, London and Toronto. It is non-religious, non-denominational, and independent of any other organization.
To date, JCorps has had volunteers from over 180 colleges and universities, over 500 companies, and over 20 countries.
Volunteers feed the hungry in soup kitchens, entertain the elderly in senior centers, play with children in hospitals, and clean and improve the landscapes of city parks, among other activities.
Volunteers are notified about events via email and Facebook invite and must sign up at the JCorps website, to attend any event.
"Social Volunteering".
JCorps is considered the first "Social Volunteer Network" in the world. It volunteers in groups of 20, so that volunteers can "Make Friends, and Make a Difference." (JCorps' motto).
Mission.
JCorps' mission is to enable young Jewish adults to connect while making a difference through volunteering. It provides a low-pressure, high-activity environment where people can get to know each other while working on a shared task.
History.
JCorps International, Inc. was founded in December, 2006 in New York City by Ari Teman. It began as a website and Facebook Group and quickly grew to thousands of members. In May 2008, JCorps began operations in Montreal, and in July 2008 it opened in Jerusalem and Toronto. JCorps held its first event in Washington D.C. in September, 2009.
On August 7, 2008, JCorps was invited to Gracie Mansion, the official residence of New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, for a barbecue to honor volunteers.
Until, April 12, 2010, JCorps was entirely volunteer-run. On April 12, 2010, JCorps hired its first staff person, a COO, to support the volunteer Division Leaders and Team Leaders around the world. JCorps returned to being volunteer-run four months later.

</doc>
<doc id="18802407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802407" title="Pleasant Street Congregational Church">
Pleasant Street Congregational Church

Pleasant Street Congregational Church, built in 1844, was an historic Congregational church at 75 Pleasant Street in Arlington, Massachusetts that was affiliated with the United Church of Christ (UCC).
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18802428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802428" title="Nino Salukvadze">
Nino Salukvadze

Nino Salukvadze () (born February 1, 1969 in Tbilisi) is a female Georgian sports shooter. She is a seven-time Olympian and has won medals on three occasions. At age 19 and competing for the Soviet Union at the 1988 Summer Olympics, she won a gold medal in the women's 25-metre sporting pistol competition and silver in the women's 10-metre air pistol competition. At the 2008 Summer Olympics, competing for Georgia, she added to her tally with a bronze medal, also in the 10-metre air pistol event.
2008 Summer Olympics.
Georgia and Russia were at war when Salukvadze competed in the women's 10-metre air pistol competition of the 2008 Summer Olympics with Russian shooter Natalia Paderina. After Salukvadze won the bronze and Paderina the silver, they shared a kiss on the podium and called on the two governments to end the war.

</doc>
<doc id="18802452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802452" title="J. Antonio Thomas">
J. Antonio Thomas

Joseph Antonio Thomas (13 September 1912 – 19 January 1998) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a foreman and superintendent by career.
He was first elected at the Maisonneuve—Rosemont riding in the 1965 general election, then after a 1966 realignment of riding boundaries he was re-elected at the Maisonneuve riding in the 1968 federal election. That riding was given the Maisonneuve—Rosemont name in 1970 where in the 1972 election Thomas was re-elected. After completing his term in the 29th Canadian Parliament, he left federal office and did not campaign in any further federal elections.

</doc>
<doc id="18802456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802456" title="Mark Souza">
Mark Souza

Kenneth Mark Souza is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Souza pitched in for the Oakland Athletics, throwing 7 innings over 5 games.
Souza was originally drafted in the first round of the 1974 Major League Baseball Draft by the Kansas City Royals. He was taken in the Rule 5 Draft by the Minnesota Twins, and pitched two seasons in their system before being released. The A's signed him to a minor-league contract in , and he made his major league debut in April of the following year. He was returned to the minors a month later, and never pitched in the majors again.

</doc>
<doc id="18802461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802461" title="G. Anderson (1861 cricketer)">
G. Anderson (1861 cricketer)

G. Anderson (full name and dates of death unknown) was an English first-class cricketer who played his only first-class game in 1861 for the Gentlemen of the North cricket team against the Gentlemen of the South cricket team. He totalled 21 runs with a highest score of 13 and held two catches.

</doc>
<doc id="18802463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802463" title="Ardath, Saskatchewan">
Ardath, Saskatchewan

Ardath is a small hamlet in the west-central region of Saskatchewan located on Highway 654, along the Canadian National Railway, Delisle-Tichfield Junction stub. The hamlet is located approximately 10 km north of Conquest and is about 20 km north west of Outlook. Its most notable buildings are a curling rink and a brick United Church.
Population.
Ardath, like so many other communities throughout Saskatchewan, has struggled to maintain a sturdy population causing it to become a semi ghost town.
Prior to December 31, 1972, Ardath was a village, but it was restructured as a hamlet on that date.
Economy.
Agriculture is the top employment field with many surrounding farms and ranches.
Education.
Ardath no longer has a school, but those who live in Ardath are sent to the neighboring village of Conquest which has a school that covers Kindergarten to Grade 12 serving approximately students.

</doc>
<doc id="18802469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802469" title="Lelwel hartebeest">
Lelwel hartebeest

The Lelwel hartebeest (Alcelaphus buselaphus lelwel), also known as Jackson's hartebeest, is an antelope native to Central African Republic, Chad, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ethiopia, Kenya, Sudan, Tanzania, and Uganda.
The Lelwel hartebeest can hybridize with Coke's hartebeest to make the Kenya Highland hartebeest ("A. b. lelwel" × "cokii"), or with Swayne's hartebeest to make the Neumann hartebeest ("A. b. lelwel" × "swaynei").

</doc>
<doc id="18802487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802487" title="Borelli">
Borelli

Borelli is a surname of Italian origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18802490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802490" title="Hope Island (Maine)">
Hope Island (Maine)

Hope Island is a privately owned island in Casco Bay near the city of Portland, Maine, United States. It is a part of the Town of Chebeague Island, in Cumberland County. The island was considered for an LNG terminal. Developer John Cacoulidis and his wife Phyllis bought the island in 1993. In addition to the existing 10,000 sq. ft. house built in 1913 with nine bedrooms, seven bathrooms and five fireplaces, the Cacoulidises built there a separate 3,300-square-foot guest house, a boathouse with an apartment, and roads looping the island. They've also erected horse stables, a chicken coop, a garage and their own church, and for access both a boat dock and a helicopter pad. In a dispute over property taxes, the two part-time residents attempted but failed in a legislative effort to secede from the town of Cumberland.

</doc>
<doc id="18802499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802499" title="Georgia State Route 119">
Georgia State Route 119

State Route 119 (SR 119) is a state highway that runs south-to-north in the east-central part of the U.S. state of Georgia. It runs from Riceboro to the Hinesville – Fort Stewart metropolitan area and curves to the northeast, through Pembroke and Springfield, and enters South Carolina north of Clyo, where the roadway continues as South Carolina Highway 119.
Route description.
SR 119 begins at an intersection with US 17/SR 25 (Ocean Highway) in Riceboro, in Liberty County. It heads west to Walthourville, where it intersects US 84/SR 38 (Oglethorpe Highway). The highway goes northward, past the Liberty County Airport and Savannah Technical College – Liberty Campus, to Hinesville. There, it intersects SR 196 (Elma G. Miles Parkway). The two routes head concurrent to the northeast through town. At General Screven Way, SR 119 splits off to the northwest, while SR 196 heads southeast. Just before SR 119 crosses the southern border of Fort Stewart, it meets the eastern terminus of SR 38 Connector (General Stewart Way). Less than later, it intersects SR 144. The two routes have a brief concurrency to the north-northwest. The roadway curves to the northeast to cross over the Canoochee River, which marks the Liberty–Bryan county line. A short distance later, the route crosses the northern border of Fort Stewart. North of the fort, SR 119 intersects US 280/SR 30/SR 67 (Bacon Street) in the town of Pembroke. At this intersection, SR 67 heads north, concurrent with SR 119. It departs to the northeast on Camelia Drive. It continues to the northeast, enters Bulloch County, and has an interchange with Interstate 16 (I-16). Immediately after is an intersection with the eastern terminus of SR 46. Little over later, it has a very brief concurrency with US 80/SR 26, before continuing its northeastern routing. It heads northwest less than , and then intersects SR 119 Connector and travels northeast again. It crosses over the Ogeechee River, which marks the Bulloch–Effingham county line. Northeast, in the town of Guyton, is SR 17 (Central Boulevard). Farther to the northeast is Springfield. In Springfield, SR 119 intersects SR 21. Then, it turns left onto Laurel Street. It curves to the northeast, intersecting SR 21 Spur. SR 119 gradually curves to the north, passes through the town of Clyo, and meets its northern terminus, the South Carolina state line at the Savannah River. There, the roadway continues into South Carolina as South Carolina Highway 119.
The only section of SR 119 that is part of the National Highway System, a system of roadways important to the nation's economy, defense, and mobility, is the section from SR 38 Connector, in Hinesville to US 280/SR 30/SR 67 in Pembroke.
Related routes.
Connector route.
State Route 119 Connector (SR 119 Connector) is a connector route that exists entirely within the southeastern part of Bulloch County.
SR 119 Connector begins at an intersection with the SR 119 mainline (Ivan Ho Drive), southeast of Guyton and the Ogeechee River. The highway heads north-northwest and curves to the northwest, until it enters Stilson. In town, the road curves to the west-southwest until it meets its northern terminus, an intersection with US 80/SR 26, just outside of town.
SR 119 Connector is not part of the National Highway System, a system of roadways important to the nation's economy, defense, and mobility.
Spur route.
State Route 119 Spur (SR 119 Spur) is a Spur route that exists entirely within the southeastern part of Bulloch County.
SR 119 Spur begins at an intersection with the SR 119 mainline (Ivan Ho Drive), southeast of Guyton and the Ogeechee River. The highway curves to the northwest until it meets its northern terminus, an intersection with SR 119 Connector, a brief distance later.
SR 119 Spur is not part of the National Highway System, a system of roadways important to the nation's economy, defense, and mobility.

</doc>
<doc id="18802513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802513" title="Cornwall Court fire">
Cornwall Court fire

The Cornwall Court Fire was a building fire incident in Hong Kong. It began in a nightclub and karaoke bar on the morning of Sunday 10 August 2008, taking the lives of four people, including two firefighters, and injuring a further 55 people.
Incident.
The fire broke out at 09:20, in the nightclub on the mezzanine floor, and quickly engulfed the entire building, according to a preliminary investigation by firefighters. It was upgraded to a No. 4 alarm at 10:23 and a No. 5 at 12:16. More than 200 firefighters and 40 appliances from across Kowloon were dispatched to deal with the blaze.
Many trapped residents were rescued. Cornwall Court is a 15-storey building on Nathan Road in Mong Kok, built in 1962. Its lower floors are occupied by a nightclub and shops while the upper floors are residential. The fire caused the complete closure of Nathan Road and the evacuation of residents from nearby buildings.
Victims.
Two firefighters from Mong Kok Fire Station, Senior Fireman Siu Wing-fong, 46 years old with 24 years' experience, and Fireman Chan Siu-lung, 25 years old with one year of service, died from smoke inhalation on the top floor of the building while trying to reach trapped residents. Survivors reported that the two officers had given them their oxygen breathing apparatus even while continuing to carry the heavy cylinders.
One of the two civilian victims was a 77-year-old woman, on the ninth floor, and the other was a female staff member at the nightclub, surnamed Man and aged 39, who had been asleep with colleagues. Her burned body was found in the nightclub after the fire was extinguished.
Aftermath.
The fire was declared extinguished at 15:13, but the building remained closed pending an investigation into the cause of the fire. Residents were provided with temporary shelter in Mong Kok Community Centre, although some refused to leave their homes.
The southbound side of Nathan Road was reopened by evening, the pedestrian walk outside Cornwall Court was blocked till 12 August.

</doc>
<doc id="18802516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802516" title="Western hartebeest">
Western hartebeest

The western hartebeest (Alcelaphus buselaphus major) is an antelope native to the medium to tall grassland plains of Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, the Central African Republic, Chad, Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Mali, Niger, Nigeria, Senegal, and Togo. It is possibly extirpated from Gambia.
Average adults stand tall at the shoulder and weigh . A western hartebeest's coat is fawn-colored, ranging from tan to dark brown. It has a small hump at the front shoulders. It has slim legs and a very narrow face. Both sexes are horned. Horns may be long. Considerable variation in horn growth occurs, but they generally grow sideways out from the head, before curving forward, then inward and backward. The horns are terminated by sharp tips.
The western hartebeest is mainly active during the day. A herbivore, it grazes during the cooler morning and afternoon periods, resting in shaded areas during the hot daytime. Females form herds of five to 12 members, while males generally remain solitary. While the herd is feeding, one member will act as a sentry, watching for possible predators. If threatened, the herd flees as a single file, reaching speeds of up to , making it one of the fastest antelopes. Herds are generally sedentary; animals spend much of their day resting in shade to escape noon-time heat. They will move as a herd to find water. In particularly dry seasons, or in times of drought, herds of females will migrate together, seeking water or better grazing.
Western hartebeest are generally not aggressive, but they will fight to protect their young or their claimed area. Males claim areas of plains averaging , for periods of four to five years. Males protect their claimed area fiercely. Males have been known to go without water to protect their territory. If a male leaves his territory to find water, another male may usurp the territory.

</doc>
<doc id="18802529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802529" title="First Parish Church Parsonage">
First Parish Church Parsonage

First Parish Church Parsonage, built in 1855, is a historic parsonage at 232—234 Pleasant Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.
The building served as a parsonage for the First Parish Church, Arlington Massachusetts. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18802537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802537" title="Cousins Island (Maine)">
Cousins Island (Maine)

Cousins Island is an island in Casco Bay within the town of Yarmouth in Cumberland County, Maine, United States. It is listed as a census-designated place, with a population of 490 as of the 2010 census. The CDP is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The island is connected to mainland Maine by a bridge. It is also connected to Chebeague Island by a 15-minute ferry ride on the Chebeague Transportation Company's ferry, the "Islander". The island's southwestern peninsula is the site of the Wyman Energy Center, an oil-fired electric power plant capable of producing up to 823 megawatts of electricity. Wyman is a peaking power plant, which means it is only fired up to operate during times of high electricity demand in the region, such as hot summer days.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , of which is land and , or 46.51%, is water.

</doc>
<doc id="18802539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802539" title="Capitol Theater Building">
Capitol Theater Building

The Capitol Theater Building, built in 1925 by the Locatelli family who also built other area theaters like the Ball Square Theater and Central Theater, both in Somerville, is a historic building at 202—208 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts.
History.
The theater originally had a large pipe organ and seating for 1600 people among an orchestra area and balcony for viewing a stage where, in addition to films, vaudeville acts could be seen. The theater changed owners several times between the early 1930s and 1990 and was multiplexed in 1989. During the 1960s the theater was remodeled to a more contemporary design but the original details including granite columns and gold leaf detail were simply covered over rather than demolished. As a result during renovations in the 1990s the theater was able to be returned to its former 1930s styling. In the process of multiplex conversion great care was taken to preserve the original aesthetic of the theater and each screening room retains the distinct character of the original space. Theater #1 encompasses the original orchestra seating area, stage and soaring ceilings with gold leaf and plaster details. Other screening rooms now occupy the former balcony and backstage area. 
It was added to the National Historic Register in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18802540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802540" title="Harbour Town Light">
Harbour Town Light

The Harbour Town Lighthouse is lighthouse at the Harbour Town Marina at Hilton Head Island, South Carolina. It was privately built and is a private aid to navigation. Although initially ridiculed during the planning and construction phases, the lighthouse became instantly popular and is today the most recognizable symbol of Hilton Head Island and Sea Pines Resort. The annually televised The Heritage golf tournament has helped increase the lighthouse's fame to millions of golf fans worldwide, and the 18th hole at the Harbour Town Golf Links has become one of the most popular and recognizable finishing holes in golf.
History.
Building of Harbour Town Lighthouse was started in 1969 by Charles Fraser and completed in 1970. It is a hexagonal column with a red observation deck or gallery below the lantern. The column is stucco on metal lath over plywood with a height of . Its daymark is alternating red and white bands. It has a white light that flashes every 2.5 s.
The lighthouse was privately built as part of Harbour Town Marina and Sea Pines Plantation. It is open for the public to climb. There is a small fee for a day pass to the Plantation and another small fee for admission to its lighthouse.
Current.
The Harbour Town Lighthouse is now a tourist and wedding destination

</doc>
<doc id="18802552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802552" title="Chapel of St. Anne (Arlington, Massachusetts)">
Chapel of St. Anne (Arlington, Massachusetts)

The Chapel of St. Anne, built in 1915, is a historic chapel at Claremont Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts. Noted architect Ralph Adams Cram designed the chapel, and it was built with fieldstone from the surrounding grounds. The chapel has a simple rectangular plan with a rose window in its northern wall. It added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18802573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802573" title="Sotsugyō (Mata, Aō ne)">
Sotsugyō (Mata, Aō ne)


</doc>
<doc id="18802576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802576" title="Winn Farm">
Winn Farm

Winn Farm, built in 1820, is a historic farmhouse at 57 Summer Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18802586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802586" title="Candyman (album)">
Candyman (album)

Candyman is the second solo album from Steve Lukather. The title was inspired by Toby Chandler's shirt. It was a collaboration of musicians who were for the most part also in Lukather's band Los Lobotomys. Toto familiars Simon Phillips and David Paich participated as well as David Garfield, John Pêna, Chris Trujillo, Lenny Castro, Larry Klimas, Fee Waybill, Richard Page and Paul Rodgers. Lukather recorded the album in mostly live takes with little overdubbing.
There was some confusion about whether "Candyman" was a Steve Lukather album or a Los Lobotomys album. The Japanese and US releases of "Candyman" were under the Los Lobotomys name rather than Lukather's; the Japanese release also featured a version of the Hendrix song "Red House." The European release of "Candyman" was credited to Lukather alone. Additionally, the touring band for the album was sometimes introduced as "Steve Lukather and Los Lobotomys" and sometimes as just "Los Lobotomys."
The song "Borrowed Time" was released as a single in Europe and included "Red House" as a B-side.

</doc>
<doc id="18802590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802590" title="Wayside Inn (Arlington, Massachusetts)">
Wayside Inn (Arlington, Massachusetts)

Wayside Inn, once known as the Cutter House, is a historic structure at 393 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts. The house was built circa 1750 in a simple Georgian style, and is the only half-house of that period still extant in Arlington. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985, and currently appears to be a private residence.

</doc>
<doc id="18802591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802591" title="Henry Anderson (cricketer)">
Henry Anderson (cricketer)

Henry Anderson (13 October 1803 – 18 September 1873) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for the Marylebone Cricket Club, A to K, Single and the Sir St Vincent Cotton's XI. His highest score of 13 came when playing for the Marylebone Cricket Club in the match against Middlesex.

</doc>
<doc id="18802604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802604" title="Ralph W. Shattuck House">
Ralph W. Shattuck House

Ralph W. Shattuck House, built in 1875, is a historic house at 274–276 Broadway in Arlington, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18802620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802620" title="Señoret Channel">
Señoret Channel

The Señoret Channel is a navigable surface water body in the Patagonian region of Chile. One of the major towns along the channel is Puerto Natales. Hermann Eberhard, the first European to explore the interior of northern Patagonia, used the Señoret Channel to navigate northward in order to access the remote portions of this region. One of his findings was the Milodon Cave at the base of the Cerro Benitez, where he recovered remains of the extinct Giant sloth and evidence of habitation of early man from 10,000 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="18802622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802622" title="Principe (surname)">
Principe (surname)

Principe is a surname of Italian origin. Notable persons with that surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18802625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802625" title="Philip Winchester">
Philip Winchester

Philip C. Winchester (born March 24, 1981) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in "The Patriot", "The Hi-Line", "LD 50 Lethal Dose", "Thunderbirds", "", "King Lear", "Strike Back", "Flyboys", "In My Sleep", "The Heart of the Earth" and "Shaking Dream Land".
Life and career.
Winchester graduated from Belgrade High School in Belgrade, Montana in 1999. He then lived and worked in London, England (his mother's native country), attending the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art (LAMDA).
Career.
Winchester's acting career started with a small role in the 1998 film "The Patriot", which was filmed in and around the towns of Bozeman and Ennis, Montana. After graduating from high school, he began to appear in plays, including "King Lear" (opposite Ian McKellen).
In 2003, he starred in the independent film "The Telephone", which was filmed in Bristol and produced by Robert Finlay. In 2008, he was cast as Robinson Crusoe in the NBC action TV series "Crusoe". In 2009, he was cast in "Maneater", a two-part Lifetime miniseries starring Sarah Chalke.
Winchester has also appeared in the films "In My Sleep" (as the lead), and "Solomon Kane" (as a former member of the title character's crew, turned freedom-fighter) and the Syfy TV mini-series "Alice".
From 2010, he has played the role of Frank Stanton in the Fox TV series "Fringe". From 2011, he has appeared as Leontes in the Starz series "Camelot". Other credits include the second, third and fourth seasons of "", which aired on Sky1 in the UK and Cinemax in the US. The series follows the adventures of two Section 20 agents, Sgt. Michael Stonebridge (Winchester) and American former Delta Force officer Damien Scott (Sullivan Stapleton).

</doc>
<doc id="18802629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802629" title="Cushman House (Arlington, Massachusetts)">
Cushman House (Arlington, Massachusetts)

Cushman House, built in 1890, is a historic house at 104 Bartlett Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts.
The Queen Anne style house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18802641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802641" title="Fáilte Towers">
Fáilte Towers

Fáilte Towers was an RTÉ reality TV show that was broadcast as a one off during August 2008. The concept of the show involves thirteen celebrities running a hotel for sixteen days and nights in order to win money for their designated charities. The show format was not repeated nor was it exported or resold. The name is a play on the BBC sitcom "Fawlty Towers": and the word "Fáilte" meaning "welcome" in Irish. The hotel used in the series is Bellingham Castle in Castlebellingham, County Louth.
The show is presented by Aidan Power and Baz Ashmawy and the judges are Bibi Baskin, Dublin restaurateur Derry Clarke and Castle Leslie hotelier Sammy Leslie. Each night the public are invited to vote for the contestant they would like to stay in the show. At the end of the show one of the contestants must "check out". The presenters tell each of the contestants individually if they are "safe" and if so are ordered "back to work". The three remaining contestants are then marched into the Oliver Plunkett Suite to face the judges, one of whom sends one of the contestants back to work before all three cast their votes on which of the remaining two must leave the show. The evicted celebrity is then interviewed by the presenters, with best bits shown as well. Created by Adare Productions, it was available to watch online on the RTÉ Player for up to two weeks after being broadcast. John Creedon won on 17 August.
Contestants.
There are thirteen contestants in the show. Donna and Joseph McCaul were treated as one celebrity, completing the same chores and "checking out" together.
Guests.
Members of the public were encouraged to apply online for an opportunity to stay in the hotel for the show's duration. Free rooms would be provided but food and drink was to be paid for by the guests. Guests were encouraged by the producers to wreak havoc in their rooms, a fact that was evidenced by some of the early scenes of broken furniture, soiled mattresses and flooded bathrooms which greeted the celebrities early in the morning.
The show.
The celebrities have entertained numerous functions including a hen party and a wedding, a bus of Japanese tourists and a group of nudists.
The stripper providing entertainment for the hen party upset some of the other guests. An elderly woman accosted Jennifer Maguire, the acting manager and said: "We came here for a quiet lunch. This is disgusting! They should be in another room." Jennifer gently guided her out of the room but she glided back in again roaring: "It's absolutely revolting. It might be a young person's thing, but you should take it somewhere else."
The nudists arrived at the hotel in normal enough dress and requested their rooms only to later emerge for their meal downstairs without clothes, sparking gasps of astonishment as Patricia McKenna and Joseph McCaul tried to work their way around the cramped room. Brian Dowling was seen wagging his finger at one man in an embarrassed gesture of exasperation.
Don Baker, as acting manager, was involved in a heated argument with judge Derry Clarke over the serving of lunch to a group of guests from Kerry. Liz O'Kane insisted that the celebrities had come to an agreement with the producers that lunch was not to be served that day but Clarke though otherwise and, in an attempt to further confuse the hoteliers, argued with both Baker and O'Kane. Consequentially the two were called before the judges in the Oliver Plunkett Suite that same night with O'Kane told to "check out". With tensions rising by the following day, the programme's producers offered manager, Brian Dowling the chance to nominate three of his co-workers to enjoy a day and night of pampering at Castle Leslie in County Monaghan. He was allowed to pick himself but chose not to, instead selecting Baker, Evelyn Cusack and Jennifer Maguire, who had been before the judges in the Oliver Plunkett Suite for three consecutive nights. The remaining celebrities were given the day off and embarked on a trail of antics.
The "wedding" descended into chaos when the groom was spotted in an embrace with his new wife's best friend and the bride's mother stormed out of the dining room in disgust. However it emerged that the wedding was staged and the guests were simply actors exaggerating a scenario to put further strain on the celebrities. This upset Joseph McCaul who had accidentally spilt wine on the bride's dress and upset her mother. When one of Michelle Heaton's dresses was offered as a replacement there were accusations that it would be too revealing, which upset the manager, Brian Dowling. When the set-up was discovered the celebrities reacted angrily with Evelyn Cusack sarcastically serving coffee at breakfast the next morning.
On Michelle Heaton's day as manager, Don Baker was barman. When a Dubliner named Don arrived at the hotel and offered to fix the broken kegs in the cellar, Baker led him downstairs oblivious to his intention to steal the kegs. When Baker returned upstairs and attempted to serve the customers it was discovered that the Heineken, Guinness and Budweiser was gone. Heaton had to phone a local bar and borrow three kegs to feed the thirsty guests. This was also the day that a bus of Japanese tourists turned up at Fáilte Towers. The celebrities were upset as this meant having to change their menu and adapt new recipes to suit their tastes. Joseph McCaul spent his time entertaining the guests with his Japanese language skills and was surprised to learn that one female was even voting for him. When the food didn't go down well, McCaul came up with his own concoction of sushi involving tomatoes and other food items which Michelle Heaton promptly ordered back into the kitchen before it could be served. Later Dickie Rock arrived to entertain the guests but, already fifteen minutes late, Heaton embarked on a journey to his room in search of an explanation. It emerged that he refused to leave his room until he had been fed his favoured chicken vindaloo dish. Joseph McCaul had to make a trip to the local Chinese for "a chicken curry for Dickie Rock" while his sister and Don Baker entertained the unsettled crowd. At the end of the night Michelle Heaton broke down in the kitchen and John Creedon chased the cameraman outside. However there was a CCTV camera trained on the kitchen allowing all to be seen. She was seen to be sobbing to herself, although this time her boyfriend was not present to cheer her up. He had turned up to dine at the hotel only a few days previously and upset her when he sent his dinner back to the kitchen with a request to see the chef before she realised what was really happening.
Among the more light-hearted moments were Brian Dowling dunking Joseph McCaul's head into a lobster tank with his sister's permission and Dowling later playing a game of "kiss the gay" with Sean Ó Domhnaill in the kitchen. Ó Domhnaill eventually relented off camera. Among the celebrities to break down and cry have been Michelle Heaton, Donna and Joseph McCaul, Evelyn Cusack and Liz O'Kane.
The semi-final.
The semi-final took place on Saturday 16 August 2008. Five celebrities remained that night; Don Baker, John Creedon, Brian Dowling, Michelle Heaton and Jennifer Maguire. Don, Jennifer and Michelle faced the judges. Michelle checked out.
The final.
The final took place on Sunday 17 August 2008. Four celebrities ramained on the final night; they were Don Baker, John Creedon, Brian Dowling and Jennifer Maguire. For the first time the public had exclusive say on who checked out. Jennifer was the first to check out. The remaining three were taken into the Oliver Plunkett Suite. Don finished third and exited to be interviewed by presenter Baz. Brian finished second. The winner was John.
Controversy.
Claire Tully was refused by two breast cancer charities who rebuffed her offer to raise money on their behalf. This was linked to her debut as Ireland's first "Page 3" model in 2008. After being turned down by the Marie Keating Foundation and Breast Cancer Ireland, Tully's donation was eventually accepted by the National Breast Cancer Research Institute at NUI Galway and she was said to bear "no hard feelings" towards the other charities. Jill Clark, head of fundraising, said: "The society is delighted that Claire has kindly chosen to donate all the proceeds raised throughout the duration of her appearance on the show to Action Breast Cancer, a programme of the Irish Cancer Society."
Presenter Baz Ashmawy has evoked much criticism for his style, "bellowing" in a manner that suggests he "seems to be addressing a completely different audience in a completely different programme on a completely different planet, somewhere inside the universe of his own head". Then reminding viewers of the voting numbers, Baz thrust his crotch so forcefully at the camera that "it nearly broke the lens - "These are the numbers you're gonna (thrust!) need (thrust!)."
Reception.
Fáilte Towers has been praised in the Irish media as being different from other reality television shows where the contestants don't do any work. The insight into how the celebrities would cope in a hard-working environment has also been praised, although the constant moaning of celebrities such as Michelle Heaton and Donna and Joseph McCaul has been criticised as being akin to "pathetic child-like blubbering".
Comparisons were made with the state of the economy as it was noted that "z-list celebrities, failed Eurovision acts, reality-tv refugees and somebody called Patricia McKenna are forced to seek work in the catering trade." Evelyn Cusack was deemed to have been included "as a punishment for all the crap weather she has been correctly predicting".
The format for the show has attracted interest from overseas buyers. RTÉ has said that several foreign programme distributors have expressed interest in buying the format but "no agreements will be reached until the current series has finished". "We have had enquiries from a few distribution companies in England," said Brian Graham, one of the series producers. "We are too busy at the moment to deal with them so we are waiting until the series is over to decide what to do. This is a format that could definitely travel. The plan is this could be done in any country."
The final received nearly a million viewers and the entire series regularly received between 350,000 and 450,000 viewers. Nevertheless, the "Irish Independent" named "Fáilte Towers" as one of the six worst television programmes of 2008, describing it as "car crash television".

</doc>
<doc id="18802644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802644" title="Ephraim Cutter House">
Ephraim Cutter House

Ephraim Cutter House is a historic house on the National Register of Historic Places and located at 4 Water Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was built around 1804 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18802647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802647" title="Jean Stein">
Jean Stein

Jean Stein (born c. 1934, Los Angeles, California) is an American author and editor.
Biography.
Jean Stein grew up in Los Angeles, the daughter of Dr. Jules Stein and his wife, Doris. She is the author of two books and a pioneer of the narrative form of oral history. She is presently at work on a cultural and political history of Los Angeles, to be published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux. In 1970, Stein has authored, with George Plimpton as editor, a biography of Robert F. Kennedy, entitled "American Journey: The Times of Robert Kennedy". 
Stein wrote the best-selling book "Edie: American Girl" based on the life of socialite/actress and Andy Warhol muse Edie Sedgwick, in 1982. Norman Mailer wrote of "Edie": ""This is the book of the Sixties that we have been waiting for."" 
Jean Stein also worked as a magazine editor. In the late 1950s, she was an editor at "The Paris Review". From 1990-2004, she was editor of the literary/visual arts magazine Grand Street with art editor Walter Hopps. The magazine actively sought out international authors, visual artists, composers and scientists to bring to its readership. 
Personal background.
Jean Stein's father was Jules C. Stein (1896-1981), founder of the Music Corporation of America (MCA) and the Jules Stein Eye Institute at UCLA. Her mother, Doris J. Stein (1902-1984), established the Doris Jones Stein Foundation. Jean Stein's sister, Mrs. Susan Shiva, died on January 3, 1983 from breast cancer, as did Doris Stein. 
Education.
Jean Stein was educated at the Katharine Branson School in Ross, California, then at Brillantmont International School in Lausanne, Switzerland, after which she graduated from Miss Hewitt's Classes in New York City. Thereafter, she spent two years at Wellesley College and then attended classes at the University of Paris (formerly known as the Sorbonne). While in Paris she interviewed William Faulkner, with whom she had an affair, and, according to the historian Joel Williamson, offered the interview to the "The Paris Review" in exchange for being made an editor there.
She returned to New York and worked in 1955 as assistant to director Elia Kazan on the original production of Tennessee Williams's Pulitzer Prize winning play "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof". Jean Stein's first marriage in 1958 was to William vanden Heuvel, a lawyer who served in the U.S. Justice Department under Robert F. Kennedy, and who later also became a diplomat and author. Since 1984, he has been the chairman of the Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt Institute.
Jean Stein and William vanden Heuvel's first daughter, Katrina vanden Heuvel, was born in 1959; she is now the editor and publisher of "The Nation" magazine. The couple's second daughter, Wendy vanden Heuvel, was born in 1961, and she is an actress and producer in New York. She is also on the board of the "52nd Street Project", which matches inner-city youth with professional theater artists to create original dramatic works. 
From 1995-2007, Stein was married to Torsten Wiesel, a co-recipient with David H. Hubel of the 1981 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="18802653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802653" title="Dr Manhattan (album)">
Dr Manhattan (album)

"Dr Manhattan" is an alternative rock album recorded by American band Dr Manhattan and released on March 11, 2008 by Vagrant Records. The first single off this record is "Big Chomper, Big Chomper". The song's music video premiered on MTVu on August 25, 2008. The album marks a departure from the band's early post-hardcore sound, yet features a few re-recordings of tracks from the group's demo EP, such as "The Party's Opinion" and "To Feel Cozy Surrounded By Cats".
The band had announced via their MySpace vlog that "Big Chomper, Big Chomper" would be featured on the soundtrack of the video game NHL 09. However, the song was not included in the game.

</doc>
<doc id="18802658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802658" title="Gershom Cutter House">
Gershom Cutter House

Gershom Cutter House, built in 1802, is a historic house at 1146 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts.
The Greek Revival house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18802669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802669" title="Jefferson Cutter House">
Jefferson Cutter House

Jefferson Cutter House is a historic house on the National Register of Historic Places and located at 1 Whittemore Park in the center of Arlington, Massachusetts. It houses the Cyrus E. Dallin Art Museum, dedicated to the sculptor Cyrus Dallin, who was a long-time Arlington resident.
The building was built in 1830 in a Greek Revival/Federal style in a saltbox shape. The building which currently (2012) houses "the Arlington Chamber of Commerce, the Cyrus E. Dallin Museum and an art gallery, was originally home to Cutter who...was born in Arlington (then still part of Cambridge) in 1803." The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18802677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802677" title="Second A. P. Cutter House">
Second A. P. Cutter House

A. P. Second Cutter, built in 1855, is a historic house on the National Register of Historic Places and located at 89 Summer Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18802683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802683" title="Jordan Rankin">
Jordan Rankin

Jordan Rankin (born 17 December 1991) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for Hull FC in the European Super League, having previously played for the 
Gold Coast Titans in the National Rugby League. Rankin has currently played the majority of his NRL career at fullback but can also play five-eighth and halfback.
Biography.
Debut season.
Rankin started the 2008 season playing S. G. Ball for the Titans before his was promoted to the club's National Youth Competition team in June.
At 16 years and 238 days, Rankin became the third youngest player to make their debut in Australian first-grade rugby league after coming off the bench for the Titans against the Newcastle Knights in round 22. Eastern Suburbs player Ray Stehr in 1929 and Wests' Jack Arnold in 1936 are the only two players younger than Rankin on debut. Selected for the Australian Schoolboy's side to play touring teams from England and France, Rankin was required to withdraw from the representative team in order to train with the Titans squad ahead of the Round 22 game against the Newcastle Knights on 11 August 2008.
After his debut, Rankin returned to the club's National Youth Competition team where he would stay for the remainder of the 2008 season.
In August 2008, Rankin re-signed with the Titans on a three year deal.
2009-2010 seasons.
Rankin wouldn't added to his NRL game tally in either the 2009 or 2010 seasons instead playing in the National Youth Competition for the Titans.
2011 season.
After 2 seasons without a single NRL game, Rankin returned to the NRL level in round 16 against the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks. He played 8 NRL games during the 2011 season.
2014 season.
In late 2013 UK Super League club Hull FC announced the signing of Rankin on a 2 year deal as a direct replacement for outgoing half Daniel Holdsworth (Cronulla Sharks). He scored a try on his Super League debut against the Catalan Dragons.

</doc>
<doc id="18802689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802689" title="Oak Academy">
Oak Academy

Oak Academy (formerly Oakmead College of Technology) is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in the northern outskirts of Bournemouth in southern England. There are 1,186 students between the ages of 11 and 18.
The school is divided into blocks A and B (the original girl's and boy's schools). 
Block A contains the majority of the core curriculum classes: English, maths and science. It also contains an assembly hall (hall A), a playground (for years 10 & 11) the gym, the sports hall, a drama studio, 4 IT rooms, 9 science labs, a media suite, raise room and an English reading room
Block B contains classes for such as geography, RE, history, IT, business studies, dance, drama, music and DT. There are 7 DT rooms—two food technology rooms, two resistant materials rooms, graphics room, computer graphics and an electronics room. There is a specialised plumbing centre, give IT rooms and two MFL (modern foreign language) rooms, two drama studios, three music rooms, two art rooms, another assembly hall, another playground (for years 7, 8 & 9) and the canteen.
Facilities.
Students have access to personal computer accounts which are linked into the computer network and are stored on a network hard-drive which is backed up every day. Almost every classroom contains an interactive white board and computer.

</doc>
<doc id="18802691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802691" title="Damon House">
Damon House

Damon House, built in 1850, is a historic house on the National Register of Historic Places at 275 Broadway in Arlington, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18802704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802704" title="Kimball Farmer House">
Kimball Farmer House

Kimball Farmer House, built in 1826, is a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places and located at 1173 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18802722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802722" title="Fowle-Reed-Wyman House">
Fowle-Reed-Wyman House

The Fowle-Reed-Wyman House, built in 1706, is a historic house on the National Register of Historic Places and located at 64 Old Mystic Street in Arlington, Massachusetts. The house is a two-story, saltbox house with integral lean-to and central chimney. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18802726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18802726" title="Konobar">
Konobar

"Konobar" ("Waiter") is the first single recorded and released by the Serbian new wave band Električni Orgazam. It was released in 1981 by Jugoton. The song also appeared on the band's debut album and several various artists compilations. The track is actually the first ever song written by the band. 
History.
Hipnotisano Pile members gathered one evening in the "Mornar" Kafana in Belgrade and decided to form one more band. The band would feature Hipnotisano Pile members but they would play different instruments. The lead vocalist was chosen to be Srdjan Gojkoviċ Gile who was the band's drummer. The first appearance the band was to have at Palilula Guitar festival, so the band had to write and prepare some material within a month. The first song "Konobar" was written that evening by Ljubomir Đukić while they were waiting for the waiter to come. 
Having participated in the "Paket aranžman" project with Idoli and Šarlo Akrobata, the band started preparing their debut album and the only single from the record was chosen to be "Konobar". For the B-side the band chose to record a cover version of The Beatles' track I've Got a Feeling. A different mix of the song appeared on the debut album.
The track was later included on a Jugoton compilation Svi marš na ples!. Live version of the song also appeared on several of the band's live releases.

</doc>
