<doc id="18812962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18812962" title="Shaw Bridge">
Shaw Bridge

Shaw Bridge, also known as Double-Span Whipple Bowstring Truss Bridge, is a historic bridge in Claverack, New York, United States. It carried Van Wyck Lane over Claverack Creek, but is now closed to all traffic, even pedestrians. It is "a structure of outstanding importance to the history of American engineering and transportation technology." Specifically designed by John D. Hutchinson, the bridge employs the basic design of Squire Whipple. It is the only extant double-span Whipple bowstring truss bridge in the U.S.
The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. Since then its wooden deck has deteriorated to the point where it cannot be used even by pedestrians, and it has been closed.
Structure.
The bridge is located in a quiet residential area where houses, some dating to the early 19th century like the nearby Jacob P. Mesick House, are built on large lots. Many tall trees grow in the area, giving it a wooded feel. The creek, a tributary of the Hudson River to the west, is shallow yet wide here. It is east of NY 23/9H, the main north-south route through the Claverack area.
Structurally, the bridge is a bowstring tied arch with two separate yet identical spans supported by end abutments and a center pier of mortared cut limestone blocks. Its lower chord, wrought iron spans between cast iron connecting blocks, is long, wide and above water level. Its upper chords are segmental arches of nine tangential iron castings with their bearing surfaces joined at each panel point. They bear the legend "J. D. Hutchinson, Builder, Troy, N.Y., 1870".
Iron floor beams are suspended from the top chord by vertical round threaded iron rods similar to those that form the diagonal crosses and braces of the truss web. Wood stringers bolted to the iron beams run the length of the spans, and more iron rods cross-brace them. The deck itself consists of wooden planks laid across the stringers and braces. Guard rails on either side protect the trusses.
History.
It is possible that the state may have built the bridge. In 1870, Van Wyck Lane was part of the Albany Post Road and the major route through Claverack. Whipple's iron-truss designs had been adopted as the standard bridge type on the Erie Canal; the state may well have decided to use them on highways as well. Builder John D. Hutchinson's father had also built 35 of the canal bridges. It took its name from William Shaw, a nearby property owner.
In 1931 the current routes 23 and 9H were constructed, diverting traffic away from the bridge. It remained in use, with a load limit of 4 tons (3.6 metric tons) through at least 1988. Since then it has been closed to all traffic due to its deteriorated deck. Chainlink fences block the approaches, and tree branches have fallen across the bridge.
As of 2011, a new administration in the town has recognized the historic importance of this bridge. Weeds have been cleared, and the town is seeking funding to allow the bridge to be restored and reopened for pedestrian use. As of 2012, the funding has fallen through, and the bridge's fate hangs, literally, in the balance.

</doc>
<doc id="18812968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18812968" title="Carl Fehmer">
Carl Fehmer

Carl Fehmer (November 10, 1838 – 1917) was a prominent Boston architect during the 19th century, and Emerson and Fehmer was a partnership of Fehmer and William Ralph Emerson.
Life and career.
Fehmer was born in Germany to Heinrich Fehmer and Maria (Zerrahn) Fehmer. His father died in Germany when he was five; the mother and children came to America in 1852 and settled in Boston.
Fehmer attended public school in Boston, and showed an early aptitude for drawing and painting. At the age of 16 he began studying architecture in the office of George Snell, a prominent Boston architect. Fehmer remained in Snell's office for eight years before beginning his own architectural practice.
For 25 years he performed all of the architectural work for the Massachusetts General Hospital until he was forced to retire due to ill health. He designed a number of buildings for the McLean Asylum in Waverly and was appointed by Governor Oliver Ames as consulting architect when the extension to the Massachusetts State House was built.
During the Civil War, Fehmer served in the militia at Fort Independence as a member of the Fourth Battalion under Major Thomas Stevenson.
Fehmer was a charter member of the Boston Society of Architects and the Saint Botolph Club.
On April 20, 1872, he married Therese Wahl.
During his long and active professional career, Fehmer designed the Shuman Corner, the Telephone Building, and numerous Back Bay houses.
Fehmer died in Boston.
Several of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Works include (with attribution):

</doc>
<doc id="18812971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18812971" title="Raymond Bussières">
Raymond Bussières

Raymond Bussières (3 November 1907 – 29 April 1982) was a French film actor. He appeared in over 160 films between 1933 and 1982.
He was born in Ivry-la-Bataille, France and died in Paris, France.

</doc>
<doc id="18812973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18812973" title="Hoghmik">
Hoghmik

Hoghmik () is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18812981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18812981" title="Huntsman Gay Global Capital">
Huntsman Gay Global Capital

Huntsman Gay Global Capital is a private equity investment firm focusing on leveraged buyout transactions and growth capital investments in middle-market companies. The firm invests primarily in the United States.
The firm marks the notable combination of billionaire industrialist Jon M. Huntsman and long-time Bain Capital managing director Robert C. Gay, who gained additional prominence due to his connection to former Bain alumnus and presidential candidate Mitt Romney. Among HGGC's other notable partners are NFL Hall of Fame quarterback Steve Young and former Citi CFO, Gary Crittenden.
Huntsman Gay Global Capital which was originally named Huntsman Gay Capital Partners, has offices in Salt Lake City, Utah, West Palm Beach, Florida, Foxborough, Massachusetts and Palo Alto, California. The firm has raised in excess of $1 billion of investor commitments to date.
The fund was closed in July 2009 with $1.1 billion of investor commitments, ahead of its original $1 billion target. In May 2008, CalPERS made a $180 million commitment to Huntsman Gay's most recent private equity fund.
Trademark dispute.
After changing the name of the firm from Huntsman Gay Capital Partners to H&G Capital Partners, Miami-based private equity firm H.I.G. Capital, in March 2008, sent a letter to H&G Capital demanding that the firm change its name. H.I.G., which also makes private equity investments in middle market companies in the United States, claimed that the similarity of the two names would cause confusion in the market. H.I.G. subsequently sued H&G, hoping to prevent H&G Capital from using the name. H.I.G. had been at the receiving end of similar litigations in Europe. In 2007, HgCapital, a European private equity firm had launched a trademark infringement lawsuit against H.I.G. Capital after it intensified its efforts in Europe.
The firm abandoned the H&G name, ultimately adopting the Huntsman Gay Global Capital moniker.

</doc>
<doc id="18812985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18812985" title="Linda Villumsen">
Linda Villumsen

Linda Melanie Villumsen Serup (born 9 April 1985 in Herning) is a Danish-born road racing cyclist who became a citizen of New Zealand in 2009 and rides under a Kiwi license from 2010 onwards.
She was Danish national champion in both road racing and time trialling in 2006, 2008 and 2009.
She finished 5th in the women's road race at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, third in the women's time trial at the 2009 World Championships in Mendriso and second in the women's time trial at the 2011 World Championships in Copenhagen. 
Villumsen competed for New Zealand at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. She finished 18th in the road race and fourth in the time trial, missing out on a medal by less than two seconds. 
Palmarès.
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="18812997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18812997" title="Punt dal Gall Dam">
Punt dal Gall Dam

Punt dal Gall is an arch dam located in Livigno valley, 10.5 km northwest of the Italian town of Livigno. It lies at the border between the Italian region of Lombardy and the Swiss canton of Grisons.
As of June 2008, the dam's crown holds a toll that takes payment for crossing the Munt La Schera Tunnel, which connects Livigno and the Engadin valley.

</doc>
<doc id="18813011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813011" title="2007 Connecticut Sun season">
2007 Connecticut Sun season

The 2007 WNBA season was their 9th season and their 5th in Connecticut. The Sun attempted to return to the postseason for the fifth consecutive season and were successful.
Offseason.
Dispersal Draft.
Based on the Sun's 2006 record, they would pick 13th (last) in the Charlotte Sting dispersal draft. The Sun waived their pick.
Schedule.
Playoffs.
In the first round of the Eastern Conference Playoffs, the Sun had to face the Indiana Fever. Since the Fever had the better record, the series would be played with game 1 at Connecticut, game 2 at Indiana, and game 3 (if needed) at Indiana. The Sun won the first game at home in triple-overtime, but the Fever went on to win games two and three and take the series.

</doc>
<doc id="18813021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813021" title="Afrika (song)">
Afrika (song)

"Afrika" is a B-side song of the third single by Serbian new wave band Električni Orgazam and the second single from the "Lišće prekriva Lisabon" album. The lead vocals on the track were done by Ljubomir Đukić. The song was never covered but appeared on live releases and compilations.
Track listing.
Both tracks written by Srđan Gojković

</doc>
<doc id="18813025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813025" title="Bajgora">
Bajgora

Bajgora ( or "Bajgora"/"Bajgora"; ) is a village in Kosovo. Located in the municipality of Kosovska Mitrovica. It is located in the south of the Kopaonik range. It is just a few kilometers south from the Oshtro Koplje peak rising up to high.
Bajgora was the scene of Kosovo Liberation Army activity during the Kosovo War of 1999.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="18813037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813037" title="Grupo RAR">
Grupo RAR

Refinarias de Açúcar Reunidas (Grupo RAR) is a Portugal-based international industrial and agribusiness conglomerate headquartered in Porto, and active in several businesses, including sugar and fresh salads (Vitacress and Wight Salads Group) production and distribution. RAR is also the owner of packaging company Colep and chocolatier Imperial.

</doc>
<doc id="18813064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813064" title="Herma (Xenakis)">
Herma (Xenakis)

Herma (from Greek ἕρμα "a stringing together, a foundation") is a piece for solo piano composed by Iannis Xenakis in 1961. It is based on a formulation of the algebraic equations of Boolean algebra, and is also an example of what Xenakis called symbolic music.
"Herma" was the composer's first major work for piano. It was composed after a visit to Japan in 1961, where Xenakis befriended pianist and composer Yuji Takahashi. Xenakis completed the piece upon his return to Paris and dedicated it to Takahashi, who premièred the piece on February 2, 1962. The pianist's impression of that concert was that the piece "made some excited and wonder, others feel painful" (Harley 2004, 26).
Boolean algebra is the main mathematical principle behind "Herma" (Chung 2003, 33). Xenakis defines several pitch sets and proceeds to apply various logical operations to them. The results are incorporated into music by using successions and combinations of various sets. Stochastic procedures are used to select the order and place of notes within each set (Harley 2004, 27).
The piece has been described by the pianist and critic Susan Bradshaw as " the label of the most difficult piano piece ever written", because of its extreme tempo. 

</doc>
<doc id="18813066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813066" title="Gary Everhardt">
Gary Everhardt

Gary E. Everhardt (born 1936) was the ninth Director of the US National Park Service (NPS). He began his NPS career as an engineer in 1957 and rose to the superintendency of Grand Teton National Park in 1972. Favorable notice there propelled him to the directorship in January 1975. As director he oversaw a great increase in park development and interpretive programming for the Bicentennial of the American Revolution. The return of an NPS careerist to the job was much applauded by park employees and supporters, but Everhardt's leadership fell short of expectations, and the new Carter administration returned him to the field as Blue Ridge Parkway's superintendent in May 1977.
Biography.
Everhardt took a civil engineering degree at North Carolina State University, served as an Army officer, and became a NPS engineer. As Director (1975–77), he led the NPS through the implementation of the United States Bicentennial observance. The NPS conducted activities at 250 sites coast-to-coast. Everhardt pushed wilderness designation and hailed a Presidential proposal for a $1.5 billion Bicentennial Land Heritage Program. 
During his Directorship, a policy council was created, which produced management objectives for the Service. Other firsts were the first national symposium on urban recreation; the first national conference on scientific research; the first Native crafts sales program in parks and the first international park publication, "PARKS".
The Everhardt years were short, and consumed by the Bicentennal of the United States. During these years, the service was expanding its workforce. The number of individuals interested in positions far exceeded the jobs available. Professional skills were becoming more extensive and the need for specialists was evident. In his book, The National Park Service, Mr. Everhardt laid out the variety of skills needed to successfully operate a national park. No longer was the Park Ranger to be a multi-talented individual. New positions were being defined covering many of the jobs previously done by the park ranger. The new service would include; fire technicians, search and rescue specialists, law enforcement specialists, museum technicians, exhibit designers, film production people and many other skills once done by the park ranger.

</doc>
<doc id="18813074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813074" title="Forever More (album)">
Forever More (album)

Forever More is the sixth studio album by hard rock band Tesla, released on October 7, 2008. The album was produced by Terry Thomas, engineered by Michael Rosen, and recorded and mixed at J Street Recorders in Sacramento, California by Terry Thomas and Michael Rosen. The album cover art portrays the famous “Lovers of Valdaro”, discovered by archaeologists outside of Mantua, Italy, in 2007.
Track listing.
All songs written by Tesla (Jeff Keith, Frank Hannon, Brian Wheat, Troy Luccketta and Dave Rude) and Terry Thomas.

</doc>
<doc id="18813089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813089" title="Baseball Talk">
Baseball Talk

Baseball Talk was a set of 164 "talking" baseball cards that were released with much fanfare by Topps Baseball Card Company and the LJN Corporation during the spring of 1989. Each card featured a plastic disk affixed to the back of an oversized baseball card. When placed in the SportsTalk player the cards would play two to three minutes of recorded audio. The player retailed for $24.99 and was labeled for ages six and up. It required four AA alkaline batteries to operate. The cards featured most of the better known players in baseball in 1988 and were sold in toy stores throughout the United States and Canada during 1989 Major League Baseball season. LJN and Topps planned to debut talking NFL and NBA cards (it stated in print advertising "Coming Soon - NFL Football and NBA Basketball Talking Cards), but those plans, along with follow-up MLB editions, were canceled as the card players often broke or played with very poor audio quality. Stores were flooded with returned boxes of Baseball Talk and by the fall of 1989 many of the cards and players could be found in discount bins at places like Toys R Us and Target. At one point, packs of cards that had been priced at $4 a piece were selling for as low as 50 cents by stores that were eager to move a failed product.
Cards.
The SportsTalk player was sold with four cards (a checklist card that served as an introduction to the series, a Hank Aaron card, and the cards of 1988 stars Don Mattingly and Orel Hershiser). Additional cards were sold with four to a pack and were labeled in a manner that let the buyer know what cards were inside. Hall of Fame broadcaster Mel Allen narrated eight cards that featured highlights from historic games as well as 33 cards of former stars such as Babe Ruth and Duke Snider. Hall of Fame legends like Ted Williams, Sandy Koufax, Warren Spahn, Willie Mays, Joe DiMaggio and Bob Feller were omitted from the set as they did not agree to take part. 
Don Drysdale interviewed the players of the National League for their cards and Joe Torre did the same for the American League players. Many of the cards featured amusing or humorous anecdotes, such as Mike Flanagan recounting how his Japanese baseball glove manufacturer (Mizuno) spelled his name "Mike Franagan" and that the company's executives told him, "Mr. Franagan, we're very grad you use our grub."
Rare collectibles.
Because the cards and players were on the market for a short period of time and that many of the players didn't work well, a complete set and a working player today are very rare and sell for a Beckett book value of $250–$300 (Beckett 2008 Almanac).
Text of print ad campaign.
LJN and Topps advertised SportsTalk and Baseball Talk in two-page ads in the 1989 Street and Smith Baseball Guide and in most baseball team programs in April and May. The following is the text of the ad;
No Baseball Collection is Complete Without This Year's Hottest New Player.
"The incredible SportsTalk Player and Topp's Baseball Talk Cards."
"You've never seen or heard anything like the SportsTalk Compact Player. Each talking card features real voices with interviews, stories, and inside tips from today's Major League favorites to the all time superstars, plus cards featuring highlights from the most memorable games in baseball. Plus full color photos and complete statistics. Collect the entire Premiere Series. And bring heroes to life with baseball's hottest new player."
Street and Smith Baseball 1989 pages 104 and 105.
Checklist.
The following is the numerical checklist for the only set of cards ever released for Baseball Talk.
Eight classic games.
1. 1975 World Series, Game 6 [http://www.retrosheet.org/boxesetc/1975/B10210BOS1975.htm]
2. 1986 World Series, Game 6 [http://www.retrosheet.org/boxesetc/1986/B10250NYN1986.htm]
3. 1986 ALCS, Game 5 [http://www.retrosheet.org/boxesetc/1986/B10120CAL1986.htm]
4. 1956 World Series, Game 5 [http://www.retrosheet.org/boxesetc/1956/B10080NYA1956.htm]
5. 1986 NLCS, Game 6 [http://www.retrosheet.org/boxesetc/1986/B10150HOU1986.htm]
6. 1969 World Series, Game 5 [http://www.retrosheet.org/boxesetc/1969/B10160NYN1969.htm]
7. 1984 World Series, Game 5 [http://www.retrosheet.org/boxesetc/1984/B10140DET1984.htm]
8. 1988 World Series, Game 1 [http://www.retrosheet.org/boxesetc/1988/B10150LAN1988.htm]
33 famous former players.
9. Reggie Jackson
10. Brooks Robinson
11. Billy Williams
12. Bobby Thomson
13. Harmon Killebrew
14. Johnny Bench
15. Tom Seaver
16. Willie Stargell
17. Ernie Banks
18. Gaylord Perry
19. Bill Mazeroski
20. Babe Ruth
21. Lou Gehrig
22. Ty Cobb
23. Bob Gibson
24. Al Kaline
25. Rod Carew
26. Lou Brock
27. Stan Musial
28. Joe Morgan
29. Willie McCovey
30. Duke Snider
31. Whitey Ford
32. Eddie Mathews
33. Carl Yastrzemski
34. Pete Rose
35. Hank Aaron (b) Final season
36. Ralph Kiner
37. Steve Carlton
38. Roberto Clemente
39. Don Drysdale
40. Robin Roberts
41. Hank Aaron (a) Rookie season
122 Present Day Players and Managers in 1988.
By Team
Each team was represented by at least three players except for the lowly 1988 Baltimore Orioles (54-107), who had only two (Cal Ripken and Eddie Murray.) It is thought that the late season trade of Fred Lynn from Baltimore to Detroit did not allow time to find a third Oriole, though catcher Terry Kennedy seemed like a possible replacement. The New York Mets had the most players with eight.
By Card Number
42. Dave Winfield, New York Yankees
43. Alan Trammell, Detroit Tigers
44. Darryl Strawberry, New York Mets
45. Ozzie Smith, St. Louis Cardinals
46. Kirby Puckett, Minnesota Twins
47. Will Clark, San Francisco Giants
48. Keith Hernandez, New York Mets
49. Wally Joyner, California Angels
50. Mike Scott, Houston Astros
51. Eric Davis, Cincinnati Reds
52. George Brett, Kansas City Royals
53. George Bell, Toronto Blue Jays
54. Tommy Lasorda, Los Angeles Dodgers
55. Rickey Henderson, New York Yankees
56. Robin Yount, Milwaukee Brewers
57. Wade Boggs, Boston Red Sox
58. Roger Clemens, Boston Red Sox
59. Vince Coleman, St. Louis Cardinals
60. José Canseco, Oakland Athletics
61. Fernando Valenzuela, Los Angeles Dodgers
62. Tony Gwynn, San Diego Padres
63. Doc Gooden, New York Mets
64. Mark McGwire, Oakland Athletics
65. Jack Clark, New York Yankees
66. Dale Murphy, Atlanta Braves
67. Kirk Gibson, Los Angeles Dodgers
68. Jack Morris, Detroit Tigers
69. Ryne Sandberg, Chicago Cubs
70. Nolan Ryan, Houston Astros
71. John Tudor, Los Angeles Dodgers
72. Mike Schmidt, Philadelphia Phillies
73. Dave Righetti, New York Yankees
74. Pedro Guerrero, St. Louis Cardinals
75. Rick Sutcliffe, Chicago Cubs
76. Gary Carter, New York Mets
77. Cal Ripken, Baltimore Orioles
78. Andre Dawson, Chicago Cubs
79. Andy Van Slyke, Pittsburgh Pirates
80. Roc Raines, Montreal Expos
81. Frank Viola, Minnesota Twins
82. Don Mattingly, New York Yankees
83. Rick Reuschel, San Francisco Giants
84. Willie McGee, St. Louis Cardinals
85. Mark Langston, Seattle Mariners
86. Ron Darling, New York Mets
87. Gregg Jefferies, New York Mets
88. Harold Baines, Chicago White Sox
89. Eddie Murray, Baltimore Orioles
90. Barry Larkin, Cincinnati Reds
91. Gary Gaetti, Minnesota Twins
92. Bret Saberhagen, Kansas City Royals
93. Roger McDowell, New York Mets
94. Joe Magrane, St. Louis Cardinals
95. Juan Samuel, Philadelphia Phillies
96. Bert Blyleven, Minnesota Twins
97. Kal Daniels, Cincinnati Reds
98. Kevin Bass, Houston Astros
99. Glenn Davis, Houston Astros
100. Steve Sax, Los Angeles Dodgers
101. Rich Gossage, Chicago Cubs
102. Roger Craig, San Francisco Giants
103. Carney Lansford, Oakland Athletics
104. Joe Carter, Cleveland Indians
105. Bruce Sutter, Atlanta Braves
106. Barry Bonds, Pittsburgh Pirates
107. Danny Jackson, Cincinnati Reds
108. Mike Flanagan, Toronto Blue Jays
109. Dwight Evans, Boston Red Sox
110. Ron Guidry, New York Yankees
111. Bruce Hurst, Boston Red Sox
112. Jim Rice, Boston Red Sox
113. Oddibe McDowell, Texas Rangers
114. Bobby Bonilla, Pittsburgh Pirates
115. Bob Welch, Oakland Athletics
116. Dave Parker, Oakland Athletics
117. Tim Wallach, Montreal Expos
118. Tom Henke, Toronto Blue Jays
119. Mike Greenwell, Boston Red Sox
120. Kevin Seitzer, Kansas City Royals
121. Randy Myers, New York Mets
122. Andrés Galarraga, Montreal Expos
123. Orel Hershiser, Los Angeles Dodgers
124. Cory Snyder, Cleveland Indians
125. Mike Witt, California Angels
126. Mike LaValliere, Pittsburgh Pirates
127. Pete Incaviglia, Texas Rangers
128. Dennis Eckersley, Oakland Athletics
129. Jimmy Key, Toronto Blue Jays
130. John Franco, Cincinnati Reds
131. Dan Plesac, Milwaukee Brewers
132. Tony LaRussa, Oakland Athletics
133. Hubie Brooks, Montreal Expos
134. Chili Davis, California Angels
135. Bob Boone, California Angels
136. Jeff Reardon, Minnesota Twins
137. Candy Maldonado, San Francisco Giants
138. Mike Marshall, Los Angeles Dodgers
139. Tommy John, New York Yankees
140. Chris Sabo, Cincinnati Reds
141. Alvin Davis, Seattle Mariners
142. Frank White, Kansas City Royals
143. Harold Reynolds, Seattle Mariners
144. Lee Smith, Boston Red Sox
145. John Kruk, San Diego Padres
146. Tony Fernández, Toronto Blue Jays
147. Steve Bedrosian, Philadelphia Phillies
148. Benito Santiago, San Diego Padres
149. Ozzie Guillén, Chicago White Sox
150. Gerald Perry, Atlanta Braves
151. Carlton Fisk, Chicago White Sox
152. Tom Brunansky, St. Louis Cardinals
153. Paul Molitor, Milwaukee Brewers
154. Todd Worrell, St. Louis Cardinals
155. Brett Butler, Cleveland Indians
156. Sparky Anderson, Detroit Tigers
157. Kent Hrbek, Minnesota Twins
158. Frank Tanana, Detroit Tigers
159. Kevin Mitchell, San Francisco Giants
160. Charlie Hough, Texas Rangers
161. Doug Jones, Cleveland Indians
162. Lou Whitaker, Detroit Tigers
163. Fred Lynn, Detroit Tigers
One Checklist card
164. Checklist
Sources and photographs.
"Topps to debut Baseball Talk" Beckett Baseball Card Monthly, March 1989. No by-line.
"Baseball Talk Strikes Out - Sales Too Low to Continue Says LJN" by Steve Fleener. Beckett Baseball Card Monthly, November 1989. 
Street & Smith 1989 Baseball Guide pages 104 and 105.

</doc>
<doc id="18813111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813111" title="The Nearly Complete and Utter History of Everything (film)">
The Nearly Complete and Utter History of Everything (film)

The Nearly Complete and Utter History of Everything is a collection of sketches (produced in 1999) broadcast in two parts on 2 and 4 January 2000 on BBC 1.

</doc>
<doc id="18813118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813118" title="Raimondo Vianello">
Raimondo Vianello

Raimondo Vianello (7 May 1922 – 15 April 2010) was an Italian film actor, comedian, and television host. He was a well-known Italian television personality.
Biography.
He was born in Rome, but spent his youth in Pula, where his father, Admiral of the Regia Marina directed the local naval academy.
During World War II, he joined the Italian Social Republic, the fascist puppet state established in northern Italy after the Allied invasion of Italy. He was captured by American troops. In 1958 he met actress Sandra Mondaini, whom he would marry four years later, and with whom he frequently appeared in TV shows during his whole career.
His first famous partner on the small screen was Ugo Tognazzi with whom, starting from 1954, he hosted the satyrical show "Un due tre"; the show was halted in 1959 after the duo performed an ironical sketch about the then-president of the Republic, Giovanni Gronchi. Vianello then moved full-time to cinema, appearing in a total of 79 films between 1947 and 1968. In the 1970s he returned to RAI (the Italian state broadcasting company, then the only one existing) with a series of Saturday shows which made him and Mondaini extremely popular as hosts and authors of sketches. During his TV career Vianello also hosted quiz shows, such as "Zig Zag" and "Il gioco del 9" on Canale 5; he also hosted the 1998 edition of the Sanremo Music Festival and, from 1991 to 1999, "Pressing", Mediaset's Sunday night sports talk show.
His best-known and long-lasting TV programme, "Casa Vianello", was a sit-com shot from 1988 to 2008 and broadcast by Mediaset channels Canale 5 and later moved to Rete 4, in which he and Mondaini performed as themselves.
He died at the San Raffaele Hospital in Milan on 15 April 2010 at the age of 87.
His wife Sandra Mondaini died on 21 September 2010, in San Raffaele hospital in Milan, 5 months after he died.

</doc>
<doc id="18813122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813122" title="65th meridian east">
65th meridian east

The meridian 65° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 65th meridian east forms a great circle with the 115th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 65th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18813134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813134" title="Protosuchia">
Protosuchia

Protosuchia is a group of extinct Mesozoic crocodyliforms. They were small in size (~1 meter in length) and terrestrial. In phylogenetic terms, Protosuchia is considered an informal group because it is a grade of basal crocodyliforms, not a true clade.
Classification.
Recent phylogenetic analyses have not supported Protosuchia as a natural group. However, two studies found a clade of Late Triassic-Early Jurassic animals:
Both of these studies also found a clade more closely related to "Hsisosuchus" and Mesoeucrocodylia consisting of Late Jurassic-Late Cretaceous genera:
However, other possible protosuchians from the Late Cretaceous of China-Mongolia, the Gobiosuchidae ("Gobiosuchus" and "Zaraasuchus"), have been found to either intermediate between these two clades, or members of the "Sichuanosuchus" clade. There is also another family of Late Jurassic-Late Cretaceous genera, the Shartegosuchidae (e.g. "Kyasuchus", "Shartegosuchus" and "Nominosuchus").
Below is a cladogram from Fiorelli and Calvo (2007). Protosuchians are marked by the green bracket.

</doc>
<doc id="18813135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813135" title="Strazhitsa">
Strazhitsa

Strazhitsa (, pronounced ; also transliterated "Stražica", "Strazhica", "Strazhitza", etc.) is a town in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Veliko Tarnovo Province. It is the administrative centre of the homonymous Strazhitsa Municipality, which lies in the eastern part of the Province. The town is located in the central Danubian Plain, not far from the Balkan Mountains, 45 kilometres northeast of the provincial capital of Veliko Tarnovo. As of December 2009, it has a population of 5,170 inhabitants. 
Strazhitsa has a railway station on the Sofia-Varna railway line, located some 33 km from the railway station of Popovo and some 27 km from the railway station of Gorna Oryahovitsa.
The town was badly damaged by an earthquake with a magnitude of 5.7 on 7 December 1986. Strazhitsa has an art gallery, an Eastern Orthodox church dedicated to the Dormition of the Mother of God, as well as a museum of local history. Strazhitsa's name comes from the Bulgarian root "strazh" (страж), meaning "guard".
Municipality.
Strazhitsa municipality covers an area of and includes the following 22 places:

</doc>
<doc id="18813143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813143" title="Paul Thalheimer">
Paul Thalheimer

He studied art at the academies of Stuttgart and München, and settled down in München (1908) for most of his life. He was part of the Münchener Sezession and was a leading figure, in addition to taking part in exhibitions.
After the First World War he found many projects in church restoration, making coloured woodcuts based on Old Testament topics. He was named Professor in 1928 - and a degenerate artist in 1937.
He is perhaps most famous for "St. Karl's Church" in Nürnberg. There he used a thin paint containing casein to keep the structure of the stone in the walls, at the same time as allowing his figures to be identifiable.

</doc>
<doc id="18813149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813149" title="James Clyman">
James Clyman

James or Jim Clyman (February 1, 1792 – December 27, 1881) was a mountain man and an explorer and guide in the American Far West.
Early life.
James Clyman was born on a farm that belonged to George Washington in Fauquier County, Virginia, in 1792. Clyman's father started to do a lot of migrating around when Clyman was 15, moving from Virginia to Pennsylvania, and then to Ohio. In 1811, his family decided to settle in Stark County, Ohio. In 1812, Clyman became a ranger to fight the Shawnee Indians in the War of 1812. After fighting the Indians, he decided to become a farmer in Indiana, where he also traded with local Indians. By 1821, he was a surveyor working near the Little Vermilion River in Illinois. He was hired by a son of Alexander Hamilton, who was running government surveys, to make travels along the Sangamon River.
Mountain Man.
While collecting his pay in Saint Louis in 1823, he met William H. Ashley, and joined Ashley's 1823 expedition.
Clyman was with Ashley's men from 1823 to 1827. He fought the Arikara Indians in the Arikara War in 1823. He also traveled with Jedediah Smith and Thomas Fitzpatrick in the discovery of the South Pass. He also was a member of the party of four that paddled around the Great Salt Lake and put to rest the myth of the Buenaventura River. 
After his explorations, he bought a farm near Danville, Illinois, and also set up a store there. Then, the Blackhawk War broke out and Clyman joined the fight. 
After the war, he traveled back West and crossed the Great Salt Lake Desert and the Sierra Nevada. On his way back, he met the Donner-Reed Party and accompanying parties and advised them to avoid this shortcut and remain on the regular route instead. They did not heed his warning and ended up cannibalizing many members of their parties after reaching the Sierra Nevada. 
In 1848, Clyman settled in the Napa Valley. He died there in 1881 and was buried in the Tulocay Cemetery in Napa, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18813173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813173" title="George B. Hartzog, Jr.">
George B. Hartzog, Jr.

George B. Hartzog, Jr. (March 17, 1920 – June 27, 2008) was an American attorney and Director of the National Park Service. Admitted to the bar in South Carolina in 1942, he became an attorney for the General Land Office (now the Bureau of Land Management) in the Department of the Interior in 1945, and six months later transferred to the National Park Service.
He moved to field assignments at Great Smoky Mountains and Rocky Mountain National Parks, and then made his name advancing the Gateway Arch project as superintendent of Jefferson National Expansion Memorial from 1959 to 1962. After briefly leaving the service he returned as associate director in 1963 with the promise of succeeding Conrad Wirth in January 1964. As Director, he served as Stewart Udall’s right arm in achieving a remarkably productive legislative program that included 62 new parks, the National Historic Preservation Act of 1966, and the Bible amendment to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act that led to establishment of the Alaska parks. During his nine-year tenure, he enlarged the service's role in urban recreation, historic preservation, interpretation, and environmental education. 
Hartzog was dismissed in December 1972 after he pioneered the Washington Monument Syndrome political tactic. He practiced law in Washington, D.C. until his death on June 27, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18813182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813182" title="Ervin Y. Galantay">
Ervin Y. Galantay

àntay, Ervin Ivan, born 14 October 1930 Budapest Hungary, married to Karla Jay Noell (New York) 1959, two sons Roy 1961, Richard 1964. Lived in Cossonay, Switzerland Professor Emeritus (architecture and planning), of the Swiss Federal Technical University of Lausanne, (Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne - EPFL).
Deceased 30. October 2011
Career.
1955 dipl. arch, Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich (ETH Zürich); 
1957 Master of City Design; Philadelphia USA Lecturer Columbia University, New York 1959; 
Assistant Professor Harvard University 1961. Associate Professor Columbia University 1965, Professeur Ordinaire at the Swiss Federal Technical University EPFL. Dean of the Faculty; Director of the postgraduate Programs in Development Planning. Retired 1995.
Military affairs.
E. Galantay was a runner with the Vannay Battalion of volunteers' in December 1944. He is a Central Captain of the Knightly Order of Hungarian Warriors ("Vitéz"—valiant in English) and has been decorated with the golden medal of the Hungarian Institute of Military History. He has lectured about urban warfare (Military Operations Urban Terrain - MOUT) at the U. S. Army General Staff School at Fort Leavenworth and numerous other venues: at the British Army's War studies department and at the Conflict Studies Research Centre, Sandhurst and Shrivenham, as well as to Swiss and Hungarian military audiences.
Distinctions.
Member of the prize-winning teams in the international competitions for the city Halls of Toronto and Boston. Member of the Design team of the Venezuelan New Town of Ciudad Guayana, and of Owerri, Nigeria. Master Plan of the campus of the State University of New York's Stony Brook Campus: Design of the Library. Humanities Building at Stony Brook L.I., as well, with DPW associates. of the Fine Arts Center and of the Music and Theatre buildings of the SUNY at Stony Brook.
Publications.
articles in "Architecture d'Aujourd'hui" 1956. 
"The Nation" (N.Y) 
"Progressive Architecture" "The Town Planning Review" "Hungarian Journal of Military History" "the Hungarian Quarterly"
Books 
"New Towns from the antiquity to the present" Braziller New York, 1975.
Seven editions. - 
"Nuevas ciudades : de la antigüedad a nuestros días" Editorial Gustavo Gili: Barcelona and Buenos Aires 1977(also in Japanese and in Persian)
"The Metropolis in Transition" Paragon House, New York 1980 with A. Saqqaf et al." "The Arabic City"
"New towns worldwide", International Federation for Housing and Planning, The Hague, the Netherlands 1985; editors, E.Y. Galantay, A.K. Constandse, T. Ohba.
"Boy soldier, Budapest, 1944 - 1945" Militaria Publishers. 2nd edition 2006. Budapest 280 pages, 70 photos, 11 sketches, ten maps. Foreword by Lt.Gen. D. Petrosky of the US.Army. See also C. Dick in the British Military Review, and L. Grau in the U.S. Military Review Febr. 2008.
Plays using the pseudonym Yan A. Galt: "Selina", 1970, Stockwell Ltd UK. "Ivanov/Evanson - a morality play" 1971 Stockwell Ltd. UK

</doc>
<doc id="18813193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813193" title="Brown stock">
Brown stock

Brown stock (French: Fond brun or Estouffade) is one of the basic stocks ("fonds") in French cuisine. Auguste Escoffier gives a recipe in Le Guide culinaire which contains marrow bones, beef, poultry carcasses, carrots, turnips, leeks, celery, parsnips and onion and is simmered and skimmed for several hours producing a dark brown liquid which is the basis for many other sauces, soups and stews. It is the basis of espagnole sauce and demi-glace.

</doc>
<doc id="18813206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813206" title="List of Gunslinger Girl chapters">
List of Gunslinger Girl chapters

"Gunslinger Girl" is a manga series written and illustrated by Yu Aida. It first premiered in Japan on May 21, 2002 in the monthly "Dengeki Daioh" magazine and completed its run with the 100th chapter with the September 2012 issue. The chapters are also being published in collected volumes by ASCII Media Works, with the first volume released November 27, 2002. Fourteen volumes have been published in Japan as of December 11, 2011. The manga ended with the release of the 100th chapter. These final chapters were collected in a fifteenth volume released on December 17, 2012.
When ADV Manga was formed in 2003, the "Gunslinger Girl" manga series was one of the first titles the new branch of ADV Films licensed for an English language release in North America. The first volume was released on November 18, 2003, with the next two volumes not released until 2005. At the 2005 AnimeNEXT convention, the ADV representative David L. Williams said the slow schedule was due to ADV Manga feeling the market was too saturated with new manga titles at the time and that they had rushed into the manga market. However, after the third volume was released that year, the series went on a two year hiatus. The series was restarted in July 2007 with the publication of the fourth volume, and six volumes were released through April 2008. On April 8, 2010, manga publisher Seven Seas Entertainment announced that it has licensed Gunslinger Girl and will be re-released, with a new translation and in an omnibus format.
A thirteen-episode anime adaptation produced by Madhouse aired in Japan on Animax and Fuji Television from October 8, 2003 to February 19, 2004. A sequel created by Artland premiered in Japan on Tokyo MX TV on January 7, 2008. Titled "Gunslinger Girl -Il Teatrino-", this sequel spanned thirteen episodes, concluding on March 31, 2008.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18813210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813210" title="A Jubilee Present">
A Jubilee Present

A Jubilee Present is a short story by Ernest William Hornung featuring gentleman thief A. J. Raffles, originally published in the second collection of stories The Black Mask in 1901. When adapted for television in 1977 the title was changed to The Gold Cup. 
The plot concerns Raffles's fascination with a priceless gold cup, on display at the British Museum. Despite heavy security, Raffles and his accomplice Bunny Manders manage to steal the cup and evade an attempt to recover it by the Metropolitan Police. To Bunny's great surprise however, rather than melt the cup down and sell it, Raffles posts the cup to Queen Victoria as a tribute – a present to mark her Diamond Jubilee.
In the television adaptation, a subplot is inserted about a society of criminologists, taken from "The Criminologists' Club" another Raffles short story.

</doc>
<doc id="18813218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813218" title="Dan Donnelly (boxer)">
Dan Donnelly (boxer)

Dan Donnelly (March 1788 – 18 February 1820) was a professional boxing pioneer and the first Irish-born heavyweight champion. He was posthumously inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame, "Pioneers" Category in 2008.
Champion of the needy.
Donnelly was born in the docks of Dublin, Ireland in March 1788. He came from a family of seventeen children. His father was a carpenter, but suffered from chest complaints, probably bronchitis, and was frequently out of work. In those days there was no pay if you didn't work. It was a terrific struggle to bring up a family of that size. To Donnelly, like most kids of his time, this was the life he knew and was not particularly aware of the poverty around him. As soon as he was able, he went to work as a carpenter.
The country was still reeling from the aftermath of the 1798 Rebellion when the Act of Union was passed. It merged the Kingdom of Ireland and the Kingdom of Britain to create the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. There was a smooth transition to the Union that was only slightly disrupted by a revolt in Dublin in 1803. This campaign was doomed to failure, but it had a profound effect on Dan Donnelly. One of his workmates at Connery's timber yard on Sir John Rogerson's Quay was the brother of Anne Devlin. Anne played a central role in the conspiracy. Anne Devlin was Robert Emmet's housekeeper. She was arrested, tortured, and jailed. Emmet, who led the revolt, was hanged and beheaded once dead. Donnelly now lived in a land that seemed leaderless and broken in spirit—a land in desperate need for someone to come along and give the British a bloody nose. 
During the period between the 1798 Rebellion, the Act of Union, and O'Connell's political campaign, there was Dan Donnelly. He gave the Irish a sense of pride and self-respect at a time when it was badly needed. Boxing is democratic. In hurling, soccer, Gaelic football, or rugby, there are 11–15 members on a team. The boxer is on his own in the ring. There's no one there to back him up.
Even on the tough streets of Dublin, Dan Donnelly had a reputation of being a hard man to provoke, a man who would go to great lengths to avoid settling an argument in the traditional manner. But when the need arose—usually when the old, feeble, or female were mistreated—Donnelly was known to be handy with his fists, and he became the district's new fighting hero.
There was an instance where he heard the screams of a young woman down at the dockside area where he lived. He found two burly sailors were attacking this young woman. He went to her rescue. The sailors grabbed him, attacked him with stones, and kicked him. He ended up with a mangled arm, which would have certainly precluded any boxing career that might have lain ahead of him. Luckily, he was taken to the premises of Dr. Abraham Colles, a famous surgeon. At first he said the arm would have to be amputated, but he then delicately was able to put the arm together and put his arm around him and proclaimed him a "pocket Hercules". There was another instance where an old lady had died in poverty-stricken circumstances from a highly contagious fever. People were reluctant to approach the body, but Donnelly on hearing this, went to the room, hoisted the body up on his shoulders, and went off to a local graveyard, where he found grave diggers at work. He declared that the grave they were finishing would be for the woman. They refused, stating that it was reserved for a person of distinction. He insisted that she would be interred in that grave. The grave diggers stood back and let him do what he wanted to do.
Beating a bully.
He was a tall, strapping man. He was nearly six feet (1.83 m) tall and weighed almost 14 stone (196 lbs, 89 kg). He was a courageous man. His strongest trait, however, was his outgoing, sociable personality. He was fond of the company of others and this was reciprocated.
News of Dan's fighting exploits with Dublin's feuding gangs spread swiftly. He gained a reputation for keeping the city's crooks in check. One boxer, recognized as Champion of the City, became jealous of Donnelly's reputation and took to following his foe around the local taverns demanding a fight. Eventually, Donnelly relented and the fight was staged on the banks of the Grand Canal. The event aroused a great deal of interest in Dublin, and a good crowd turned up. Right up to the time they took sparring positions, Donnelly tried to talk his rival out of fighting, but his pleas fell on deaf ears. As the fight dragged on, Donnelly gradually overcame his rival, and in a furious attack in the 16th round, beat him to the ground. Donnelly was declared the new Champion of the City.
King of the Curragh.
When prize fights were first introduced, it was the Fancy who tended to the boxers. The Fancy were aristocrats who followed the sport in the 18th and 19th centuries. They organized the training, the matches, and the finance. Donnelly's first big fight under his new patronage, Captain Kelly, was staged at the Curragh in County Kildare on 14 September 1814. The spot was known at the time as Belcher's Hollow, a natural amphitheater that was regularly used for big prize fights. The opponent was a prominent English fighter, Tom Hall, who was touring Ireland, giving sparring exhibitions and boxing instruction. By one o'clock when the bout was due to start, an estimated 20,000 people packed onto the sides of the hollow, at the base of which a 22-foot (6.71 m) square had been roped off.
A round could last as long as six or seven minutes, or a little as 30 seconds. The round would end when one person was on the ground. He would then have 30 seconds to get up and continue the fight.
For a few rounds, Hall was showing his skill was paramount. He scored first blood, which was an important occasion in bare-fist boxing; there were bets made on who would draw first blood. But as the rounds went on, Donnelly's strength began to tell. Hall would slip down onto his knee, without being in any danger. This was a tactic, because once he went down the round was over, he got a 30-second rest, and came back refreshed. He was doing this just a bit too often for Donnelly's liking, and at one stage, Donnelly was just about to lash out when he was down, and his second shouted out an admonishment that Dan would lose the fight if he did so. Eventually he did lose his temper, and as Hall slipped down yet again, Donnelly lashed out and hit him on the ear; the blood flowed. That was the end of the round. Hall refused to continue, saying he had been fouled, that Donnelly should be disqualified. Donnelly fans voiced that no, Dan had definitely won, Hall didn't want to fight on, Donnelly was the champion. The fight ended in some controversy, but to the Irish, he was the conquering hero.
Belcher's Hollow was rechristened Donnelly's Hollow and Dan Donnelly was now acclaimed as Ireland's Champion. For a short while, at least, the country celebrated its new hero. The Irish saw sporting heroes like Dan Donnelly as the symbolic winner of the bigger fight. While Ireland was left without its own government, England was becoming increasingly more powerful. Whenever Dan's right hand bloodied an English nose, it was hailed as a strike, however small, against the oppressors.
Cooper's challenge.
It was the summer of 1815, and while Ireland was at its weakest, England had never seemed stronger. Wellington had beaten Napoleon at Waterloo and Britannia certainly ruled the waves. In the minds of the populace, Dan Donnelly epitomized the national struggle in an Ireland governed by mad old George III, championing their seemingly hopeless cause against the intransigent representatives of the Crown.
In Irish folk tradition, the hero took center stage. That goes back to the storytelling tradition which still exists today. The hero is revered; he's someone who is willing to stand up and fight for himself and his people. Dan was synonymous with Ireland as he was a patriot. He lived and fought in the period after the 1798 Rebellion, the Act of Union, and the Catholic Emancipation, which was led by Daniel O'Connell and the Nationalists. Spirits and morale were good in Ireland at that time. As a patriotic himself, the timing couldn't be better for Donnelly.
The political climate between Ireland and Britain is better and more peaceful today than it has been in a very long time, but if a rugby or soccer game is held between the two countries, there is a certain amount of tension or jingoism. Dan Donnelly and his boxing matches embodied this mentality in the early 19th century. It's symbolic of how the Irish and the English fought their political battles on the football pitch and in the boxing ring.
Donnelly was a national hero, but he was also broke. He drank away the purse from beating Tom Hall, but the chance of another big payday eventually presented itself. He was approached by George Cooper and Tom Molyneux, two leading prize-fighters who were touring Ireland on an exhibition tour to teach the art of boxing.
The bout was set for 13 December 1815. Once again, it was to be staged at Donnelly's Hollow on the Curragh in County Kildare. News of Napoleon's defeat at Waterloo was resounding around Europe. George Cooper was a hotter favorite than the Iron Duke had been in his bout with the Little Corporal. Cooper was a bargeman with a fearful reputation. He was of gypsy blood and he was 10/1 on to batter Dan Donnelly.
From early morning, crews began to converge on Donnelly's Hollow. They came from far and wide, using every horse-drawn contraption they could find, or on horseback. If they couldn't do so, they gladly walked the distance. There were 20,000 people packed in there on that day. Excitement was intense.
Bets were made back then as is still customary to this day. Bets were made on the results of the fight, on who'd draw the first blood, or on who would score the first knockdown. There were rules, but they were designed to accommodate gambling, the public, and those who organized the fight. The boxers themselves were of no consequence. 
It was a fight that went one way then the other for a round. Again, Donnelly's strength would always tell in a bare-knuckle fight to the finish. In one round, Cooper used the cross-buttock tactic with Donnelly and severely winded him. The cross-buttock was more a wrestling maneuver than a boxing one, but it was legitimate under the rules of the time. A competitor gets, more or less, in front of his opponent, and throws his adversary over his hip, causing him to land with great force on the ground.
If one popular story is to be believed, Donnelly, who was being badly beaten in the fifth round, was saved by the magical properties of a lump of sugar cane slipped to him by Captain Kelly's sister. She had been pleading with Dan to win, telling him she had bet her entire estate on the outcome. When Donnelly failed to respond, she slipped him a piece of the sugar cane, while urging him, "Now my charmer, give him a warmer!" The Irish champion was rejuvenated and the course of the fight changed.
In the seventh round, he sent Cooper flat on his back on the turf and jumped on top of him, winding Cooper so badly he could hardly rise. He did rise for the next round, but in the eleventh, Donnelly finished him off with a tremendous right hand that smashed Cooper's jaw. The sound of the cheering was likened to the sound of artillery going off. The cheers could be heard in villages for miles around. Donnelly was the conquering hero.
As Donnelly proudly strode up the hill towards his carriage, fanatical followers dug out imprints left by his feet. Leading from the monument which commemorates the scene of his greatest victory, "The Steps to Strength and Fame" are still to be seen in Donnelly's Hollow. Donnelly politely declined all invitations to celebrate his triumph in the taverns of County Kildare. He had promised his friends and family he would return to Dublin immediately after the fight.
Newspapers in the 18th century had many references to boxing. However, this was bare-knuckle fighting, fighting that was severe and sometimes brutal. That type of boxing was at its most popular during Dan's time. Boxing champions in those days became well-renowned. He was aware that political conflict was very much to the fore then. He accepted that he was representing the Irish people in this area in which he was active. He was a patriot, who, if needed, would stand up for his beliefs.
Later life.
Donnelly became a publican, hoping his notoriety would entice extra customers eager to hear stirring tales of his prize-ring. He had a reputation for being a gambler, a womanizer and a drunkard. Donnelly was the proprietor of a succession of four Dublin pubs, all of them unprofitable. Fallon's Capstan Bar is the only one still in existence.
In his third and final fight on 21 July 1819, he defeated Tom Oliver in 34 rounds on English turf, at Crawley Down in Sussex.
A full fight report was filed by the foremost prizefighting chronicler of the period, Pierce Egan. Egan irately described the reception accorded to Donnelly during a benefit night (6 April 1819) as ‘rather foul’: ‘It was very unlike the usual generosity of John Bull towards a stranger – It was not national – but savoured something like prejudice’ (Boxiana, vol. III).
This animosity was borne predominantly from concern over the Irishman’s fighting prowess, and Egan underscored the combination of resentment and overwhelming interest when reporting Donnelly’s fight with Oliver: ‘The English amateurs viewed him as a powerful opponent [and…] jealous for the reputation of the “Prize Ring”, clenched their fists in opposition, whenever his growing fame was chaunted’ ("Boxiana", vol. III)
He died at Donnelly's Public House, the last tavern he owned, on 18 February 1820 at the age of 32. An oval wall plaque commemorates the site of his death. A squat, weather-beaten, gray obelisk surrounded by a short iron fence marks the exact site of the Cooper bout. The inscription on the monument: DAN DONNELLY BEAT COOPER ON THIS SPOT 13 December 1815.
Donnelly's arm.
Dan was laid to rest, albeit briefly, at Bully's Acre, one of the city's oldest cemeteries. After just a few nights, grave robbers put Donnelly's body in a sack and delivered him to an eminent surgeon who paid good money for cadavers for study. They may even have been working to order.
Donnelly's admirers tracked the body to the home of a surgeon by the name of Hall and threatened him with death. There was a quick negotiation and he agreed to give the body back as long as he could keep the right arm, the one that slew the English champions, for medical observation. The arm was preserved in red lead paint, and traveled to a medical college in Scotland where it was used by medical students for a number of years to study how all the bones worked together.
From an Edinburgh classroom, the arm became an exhibit in a Victorian travelling circus, and it journeyed around Britain many times. In the early 20th century, it finally came back to Ireland. In 1904, a Belfast bookmaker, Hugh "Texas" McAlevey, acquired the arm and displayed it in his pub.
The publican got tired of it and thought the grisly-looking sight might be frightening off customers, so he stuck it up in an attic. A betting parlor employee remembers as a teenager being told not to go up in the attic—that Donnelly's ghost was up there.
Donnelly's arm made it back to Kilcullen in the 1950s. Publican Jim Byrne came up with the idea of recreating Donnelly's fight with George Cooper in the Curragh. The fight was promoted by bringing Donnelly's arm back to where it defeated the English opponent.
The pageant brought the historic contest alive again, rekindling the Dan Donnelly fire. It was An Tóstal, an Irish festival started at that time nationwide in an effort to promote tourism. Each region was encouraged to have some sort of festival to attract visitors. This was the genesis of the Dan Donnelly pageant.
Kevin McCourt, an army officer, was picked to play George Cooper, the English champion; Jim Berney was chosen to portray Dan Donnelly, the Irish champion. George Cooper and Dan Donnelly, as played by McCourt and Berney, had a group of supporters as well, dressed up and cheering, carrying them down into the arena. Two "supporters" performed getting involved in a ruckus. Local sporting clubs and townspeople comprised the spectators. 
's arm found a new home in Jim Byrne's pub, "The Hideout." It became a popular attraction in Kilcullen.
It was on display there for 43 years until Jim Byrne died and the pub passed to his son, Desmond. Des then eventually sold the pub.
Des died 6 December 2005. On that day, his son took a phone call from James J. Houlihan in America, looking to take the arm and display it there. Deciding this was not the appropriate time, he opted to call at a later date. In February of the following year, he called the widow Josephine and told her he was going to have an exhibition entitled "Fighting Irishmen: A Celebration of the Celtic Warrior". She was not interested at the time believing that he would take the arm and she would never see it again. He kept on writing her, phoning her, and asking her to look at his website. Convinced that he was an honorable, respected man, she agreed to put the trip in motion.
Josephine wouldn't let the human limb that was almost 200 years old go into a cargo hold for transportation to America. One of Des's bandmates had been Henry Donohoe, then the chief pilot for Aer Lingus. She called him and asked how to get the arm to the States. He told her that he would take it in the cockpit with himself.
Josephine sat in first class. A special box was made for the arm, crating around it to prevent it from getting banged around. It fit into the cockpit with two inches to spare.
As the centerpiece of the Fighting Irishmen Exhibit, Donnelly's arm went on display at the Irish Arts Center in New York City, in the fall of 2006. The show traveled across the city to the South Street Seaport Museum in 2007. Its next appearance was at Boston College's John J. Burns Library in 2008. The arm returned to Ireland in 2009 when the show arrived at the Ulster American Folk Park in Omagh. 2010 was a homecoming when the exhibition appeared at the Gaelic Athletic Association museum at Croke Park in Dublin.
Legends.
Almost two centuries after his death. Donnelly remains the subject of urban legend. One contends that he had the longest arms in boxing history, with the ability to touch his knees without bending down. Another claims that he was knighted by the Prince Regent. His arms were actually of normal length for a man of his size. No known documentation exists to support the latter.

</doc>
<doc id="18813230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813230" title="Ralph Niger">
Ralph Niger

Ralph Niger, Latin Radulphus Niger or Radulfus Niger, anglicized Ralph the Black (c. 1140-c. 1217), was an Anglo-French theologian and one of the English chroniclers. He was from Bury St. Edmunds, Suffolk, and became Archdeacon of Gloucester.
From around 1160 to 1166, Niger studied in Paris, where he was a student of John of Salisbury and Gerard la Pucelle, and, at some point in his life, probably also in Poitiers. At Paris, he may also have been a teacher of rhetoric and dialectics.
Niger was part of Thomas Becket's entourage during the latter's exile in France in the early 1160s and played an important role in connecting the exiled archbishop with Pope Alexander III's German ally Conrad of Mainz. After the reconciliation between Henry II and Becket, he was employed by the king, but he left England for France after Becket's murder in 1170. After Henry's death in 1189, he returned to England, where he became a canon in Lincoln.
Works.
Apart from several theological works, Niger wrote two chronicles in Latin, one on the German emperors and the kings of France and England, which runs up to 1206, and the other one treating history from the world's origin up to the year 1199. In his chronicle, he remained a “violent partisan” of Becket and a critic of Henry, declaring that “the king let no year pass without molesting the country with new laws.” His English chronicle was continued by Ralph of Coggeshall. Niger also wrote a treatise "De re militari" in which he was critical towards the Third Crusade.
Niger is an important source for late medieval music in Britain. A collection of four offices – Nativity, Annunciation, Assumption, and Purification — composed by him, both notation and text, is preserved in the library of Lincoln Cathedral (15, fols. 33–43, excepting 42). He introduces the offices with a short Latin treatise on the feasts. Most of his works are secular.

</doc>
<doc id="18813231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813231" title="George Hacker (bishop)">
George Hacker (bishop)

George Lanyon Hacker (born 27 April 1928), was the sixth Suffragan Bishop of Penrith in the modern era.
Biography.
Hacker was educated at Kelly College, Tavistock and Exeter College, Oxford, he was ordained after a period of study at Ripon College Cuddesdon in 1955. He began his career with a curacy at St Mary Redcliffe
In 1979 he ascended to the Episcopate, a post he held for 15 years. In retirement he has continued to serve the church as an Assistant Bishop within his old diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="18813233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813233" title="Genital disease">
Genital disease

Genital disease may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18813242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813242" title="Vanek">
Vanek

Vanek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18813251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813251" title="Kiri (given name)">
Kiri (given name)

Kiri is a given name appearing in various cultures. Notable people with the name include:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="18813259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813259" title="Vanek, Armenia">
Vanek, Armenia

Vanek () is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 71 in 2010, down from 83 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18813271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813271" title="La Unión, Cienfuegos">
La Unión, Cienfuegos

La Union is a village in Cienfuegos Province, Cuba. It has a population of 12,805.

</doc>
<doc id="18813291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813291" title="Tarlton International Raceway">
Tarlton International Raceway

Tarlton International Raceway is a drag racing strip just outside Krugersdorp in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18813299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813299" title="Mount Morgan (Inyo County, California)">
Mount Morgan (Inyo County, California)

Mount Morgan is a mountain located in northwestern Inyo County, California, in the John Muir Wilderness of the Inyo National Forest.
Geography.
Morgan stands within the endorheic watershed of Owens Lake, now a mostly dry lake since its main source of water, the Owens River, was diverted to supply Los Angeles. The west and north sides of Mt. Morgan drain into Rock Creek, thence into the Owens River. The east and south sides of Morgan drain into Morgan Creek, thence into Pine Creek, and into lower Rock Creek.
Climbing.
Morgan can be accessed by trail from Rock Creek Canyon, above Tom's Place on 395. Its trailhead is at the far end of the lake. The trail is well marked the first to Francis Lake, where it ends. From there it is a scramble up rocky slopes for to the summit.
History.
In 1878 members of the Wheeler Survey, who made the first ascent in about 1870, named the mountain for one of its members, J.H. Morgan of Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="18813300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813300" title="Ginette Leclerc">
Ginette Leclerc

Ginette Leclerc (9 February 1912 – 2 January 1992) was a French film actress. She appeared in nearly 90 films between 1932 and 1978. Her last TV appearance was in 1981.
She was born Geneviève Lucie Menut in Paris, France and died in Paris. She is possibly best-remembered for her roles in such films as "Le Corbeau" (1943), "L'homme de nulle part" (1937), "The Baker's Wife" (1938), "Cab Number 13" (1948), and "Tropic of Cancer" (1970).

</doc>
<doc id="18813302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813302" title="Jameleddine Limam">
Jameleddine Limam

Jameleddine Limam (born 11 June 1967 in Tunis) is a retired Tunisian football striker.
He represented Tunisia at the 1994 and 1996 African Cup of Nations, as well as the 1988 Olympic Games.
He is now a football agent.

</doc>
<doc id="18813303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813303" title="Sznak">
Sznak

Sznak (), formerly known as Arznak (), is a village in the rural community (municipality) of Syunik, in the Syunik Province of Armenia. 

</doc>
<doc id="18813309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813309" title="Managed file transfer">
Managed file transfer

Managed file transfer ("MFT") refers to software or a service that manages the secure transfer of data from one computer to another through a network (e.g., the Internet). MFT software is marketed to corporate enterprises as an alternative to using ad-hoc file transfer solutions, such as FTP, HTTP and others. 
Typically, MFT offers a higher level of security and control than FTP. Features include reporting (e.g., notification of successful file transfers), non-repudiation, auditability, global visibility, automation of file transfer-related activities and processes, end-to-end security, and performance metrics/monitoring.
MFT applications are available as both on-premises licensed software packages and software-as-a-service ("SaaS"). Some are specially designed for enterprise use while others are for sale to individual consumers. A few enterprise-focused SaaS MFT providers also manage the additions of new trading partners, which can free up a lot of IT (information technology) resources.
MFT applications are characterized by having all or most of the following features:
Background.
From its inception, FTP has made moving large volumes of bulk data between any two entities—including file servers, applications, and trading partners—possible. However, FTP (and other communication protocols such as HTTP and SMTP) do not, on their own, provide a way to secure or manage the payload or the transmission. Yet, regardless of the lack of security and management capabilities, many companies have continued to transport large batches of structured and unstructured data using these protocols.
This practice is changing, however. According to Gartner Research, "Organizations often use MFT solutions to replace FTP. This is due to increased focus on compliance, privacy regulations and corporate transparency — which demand increased auditing, management, security and process."
Different flavors.
While Managed File Transfer always recovers the same features -reporting (e.g., notification of successful file transfers), non-repudiation, auditability, global visibility, automation of file transfer-related activities and processes, end-to-end security, and performance metrics/monitoring- the way it is used has a major impact on the nature of the appropriate solution. Today analysts and experts agree on 6 different usage patterns for MFT:
All are defined by their own markers and require different methods.
Future.
As more and more companies decide that FTP is inappropriate for secure file transfer, Managed File Transfer is beginning to be perceived as a necessity, not an option.
Challenges for MFT systems include:

</doc>
<doc id="18813314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813314" title="Kitka">
Kitka

Kitka Women's Vocal Ensemble is an Oakland, California-based all-female vocal ensemble focused on "Eastern European women’s vocal traditions".
Kitka is a professional vocal ensemble dedicated to producing concerts, recordings, and educational programs that develop new audiences for music rooted in Eastern European women’s vocal traditions. Kitka also strives to expand the boundaries of this music as an expressive art form. This mission is accomplished through an Oakland-based home series of concerts and vocal workshops; regional, national, and international touring programs; community service activities; in-school programs; broadcasts; recording and publication projects; master artist residencies; commissioning programs; and collaborations.
History.
Kitka was founded in 1979 as an offshoot of the Westwind International Folk Ensemble. Kitka began as a grassroots group of amateur singers. Under the direction of Bon Singer from 1981 to 1996, Kitka has become professional ensemble that specializes in the techniques of traditional and contemporary Balkan, Slavic, and Caucasian vocal styling. Under the co-direction of Shira Cion, Janet Kutulas and Juliana Graffagna since 1997, Kitka has grown to earn recognition from the National Endowment for the Arts, Chorus America, and the American Choral Directors’ Association. 
In 2002, Kitka joined Le Mystere des Voix Bulgares as “international guests of honor” for this choir’s 50th Anniversary Gala at the National Palace of Culture in Sofia, Bulgaria. In the summer of 2005, Kitka journeyed to Ukraine and participated in research expeditions to the rural villages in the northwest and east Ukraine under the guidance of Ukrainian singer, actress and composer Mariana Sadovska. This trip also included a series of performances, international artist-exchange meetings, workshops, and radio and television broadcasts. Kitka has been invited to return to Ukraine in Spring 2009 by the Les Kurbas Theatre in Lviv and the Kiev Mohylanka Theater Academy for performances of the Rusalka Cycle. The European premier of the piece will take place at the Giving Voice Festival produced by the Grotowski Institute in Wrocław, Poland.
In 2000, Kitka received funding from the National Endowment for the Arts and the Rockefeller Foundation to launch the New Folksongs Commissioning Project, which engages American composers to write new works for the group. New Folksongs commissions premiered to date include compositions by Pauline Oliveros, Chen Yi, David Lang, Linda Tillery, Janet Kutulas (Kitka's Music Director), Daniel Hoffman, Thilo Reinhardt and Roy Whelden.
In 2002, Kitka began work The Rusalka Cycle: Songs Between the Worlds, a new vocal-theater project directed by Ellen Sebastian Chang, with original music by Mariana Sadovska. Weaving old Slavic mythology together with contemporary themes, The Rusalka Cycle’s premiere performances took place to at Oakland’s Malonga Casquelourd Center for the Arts in November 2005. The premiere performances were followed by the release of the studio recording in the Fall of 2006. In January 2008, Kitka revised and remounted The Rusalka Cycle at the Eugene and Elinor Friend Center for the Performing Arts at the JCC in San Francisco and at Tricklock Company's 8th Annual Revolutions International Theatre Festival in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Future performances will take place in Ukraine, Poland and Germany during in April 2009.
Kitka has participated in many collaborations, ranging from a reconstruction of the medieval Carmina Burana pageant for CalPerformances, (Thomas Binkley, director), to work with Hollywood composers on major motion picture soundtracks including Braveheart, Jacob's Ladder, and The Queen of the Damned. Other collaborations of note include creating the role of the Greek Chorus/Trojan Slave Women in the American Conservatory Theater’s performance runs of Hecuba (Carey Perloff, Director) for which Kitka received a Drama Critic’s Circle Award nomination; the creation of Women in Black, a multi-disciplinary work inspired by the international Women in Black Against War Movement (Thais Mazur, choreographer; Katrina Wreede composer) for which Kitka received an Izzie award nomination for "best musical contribution to a dance program"; and Songs from Mama’s Table, a celebration of the commonalties and contrasts between Balkan, Slavic and African American women’s singing traditions with Grammy nominees Linda Tillery and the Cultural Heritage Choir. 
A frequent guest on national radio shows, Kitka has recently been featured on NPR programs such as PRI’s "The World" (Jan. 3, 2008), A Prairie Home Companion (Jan. 20, 2001), All Things Considered (Dec. 18, 2004), On Point, West Coast Live and Performance Today. The Rusalka Cycle was also featured on The Story (Nov. 30, 2007), from American Public Radio, and on National Geographic’s podcast. In 2005, live Kitka concerts were broadcast widely on Vermont Public Radio, the CBC (Radio Canada), and Ukrainian national radio and television. In July 2006, Kitka filmed a public television special, Kitka and Davka in Concert: Old and New World Jewish Music, which continues to be broadcast nationally and was elected for screening at the Dallas Video Festival, Florida Media Market, Indie Fest U.S.A, Reel HeART International Film Festival in Toronto and the New Beijing International Movie Festival.
A frequently occurring symbolic word in Balkan women’s folksong lyrics, Kitka means “bouquet” in Bulgarian and Macedonian.
References.
Kitka's Official Site

</doc>
<doc id="18813318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813318" title="Munt la Schera Tunnel">
Munt la Schera Tunnel

The Munt la Schera Tunnel is a single lane road tunnel located in the Swiss canton of Grisons. It connects the Engadin valley with Lago di Livigno, through Munt la Schera.
The tunnel is now open 24 hours a day. The tunnel is only wide enough for a single vehicle, and traffic moves in alternate directions controlled by traffic lights which change every fifteen minutes. The tunnel is subject to height and width maxima of 3.6 and 2.5 m respectively. The toll for a one way vehicle trip in the summer through the tunnel is CHF 15 / EUR 13 in 2012. In the winter season only return tickets are available for CHF 42 / EUR 35. 
Opened for public transport in 1968, initially the tunnel was used to transport building materials for the construction of Punt dal Gall dam.
As of June 2008, the tunnel is closed for bicycles. The change, along with an extension to the tunnel's opening hours, was taken at the request of the Livigno municipality "in order to avoid accidents". From June to September between 10.00 and 15.00 cyclists wishing to pass through the tunnel may take their cycles on a half hourly shuttle bus for which in 2010 there is a charge of CHF 8 / EUR 5, though those affected are urged to check for changes to these details, which are displayed on a notice at the Livigno end of the tunnel.

</doc>
<doc id="18813321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813321" title="Project Green Reach">
Project Green Reach

Project Green Reach (PGR) is a science-focused school outreach program for teachers and students that is designed specifically to work with Brooklyn's Title I schools. It is an entity within the education department at the Brooklyn Botanic Garden, which is a world-renowned botanical garden located in Brooklyn, New York. PGR is estimated to reach 2,500 students annually in Brooklyn's most under-served neighborhoods. Funding for PGR comes mostly from private grants. This allows the programs that operate under the auspices of PGR to be very inexpensive and accessible.
School year programming.
During the school year, Project Green Reach instructors partner with classroom teachers in Brooklyn's Title I schools. During the course of the school year, PGR works with 80 classes of students, grades kindergarten through eighth grade. Each class of PGR participants has three sessions with PGR: one school visit in which the students participate in a botanically oriented workshop during which each student gets their own plant to keep for ongoing study, one visit to the garden in which the students explore the plants that are on display and participate in some hands-on activities in the greenhouses, and a final, culminating, school visit in which the students perform a horticulture-based community service project. In addition, PGR runs two more professional development workshops for the participating teachers. 
Currently, PGR offers four curricula for their classroom visit workshops: life cycle of a bulb, kitchen botany, desert environments, and the tropical rainforest.
Summer program.
At the end of the school year, participating teachers of grades 4, 5 and 6 are asked to nominate one or two students who reacted positively to the classroom visit, the tour of the Garden, and/or the ongoing investigation with plants in their classroom to apply for PGR's summer program. One other important qualification for admission to the program is that the student should have little or no other summer programming options. Candidates for the summer program are nominated by their teachers, and go through an application and interview process before being accepted into the program.
The accepted applicants then participate in Project Green Reach's six-week summer program, which is divided into two smaller subsections: the Junior Botanist program, and the Plant Investigator program. First-time students are automatically placed into the Junior Botanist program, which is specifically designed for children who have little or no horticultural or botanical experience. Junior Botanists are then given the opportunity to reapply and become Plant Investigators for a second summer. Since Plant Investigators have some prior experience, their curriculum is usually more focused on life sciences. Junior Botanists and Plant investigators spend the morning together, typically working on their plots in the Children's Garden, and have separate lessons after lunch.
History.
Project Green Reach began in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18813325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813325" title="Oojah">
Oojah

Oojah was an Elephant comic strip character as featured in the Daily Sketch Newspaper and various children's books.
Origins.
The first Oojah comic strip was issued on 18 February 1919. By the early 1920s the newspaper was issuing a 4-page 'The Oojah Paper' supplement starting Saturday, 8 October 1921. It later became The Oojah Sketch that ran until 23 November 1929, the 4 page section reduced to 3 pages from 29 April 1922 and 2 pages from 22 July 1922.
Other characters were Snooker, a small black Kitten cat who always wears bedsocks and lives with the Great Oojah and Don, a little boy who is the Little Oojah and the Jum-Jarum. Later additional characters included Jerrywangle (aka Jerry), who was the Oojah's elephant nephew who was always up to mischief with his tricks, as well as Lord Lion and his family.
The character name for the large elephant that came to be known simply as 'Oojah' is quoted as initially being 'Flip-Flap the Great Oojah'. The 'Oojah House' book gives this description: 'FLIP-FLAP is a magic elephant who lives in a strange animal-country called Oojahland. He is the Great Oojah'. Later annuals and comic strips name him 'Uncle Oojah'.
There are some phrases that are mentioned frequently in the stories, such as exclamations by Snooker the cat with "My Bedsocks!", "My Whiskers!" and The Oojah himself with "Lovey-lovekins!" and"Jimmy-ninnikins!"
Revival Years.
The series was revived as a comic strip 'The Wonderful Adventures of Jerry, Don and Snooker' running for 203 episodes from 27 February 1954 to 11 January 1958. 'Jerry's Jolly Jingles' featuring Jerry, Oojah's cousin, ran for another seven months. This was the last issued of the Oojah series.
The Artists.
Thomas Maybank, full name Hector Thomas Maybank Webb, born in Beckenham, Kent, on 29 February 1869, was the original artist for the series. Maybank died on 27 March 1929. The 1929 Annual featured Maybank's artwork, the 1934 annual featured artwork by the anonymous 'JHL'. Later, H. M. Talintyre (full name Henry Matthew Talintyre) continued the series in the same style until the early 1950s.
Oojah Annuals and Books.
The Oojah series first appearances were in the 1920 issued Children's annual 'Once Upon a Time - Hulton's Children's Annual 1921' firstly with a 27 page story entitled "Flip-Flap in Wangletown" which included a colour plate entitled "The Band will now Sing a Dance", and secondly with a 23 page story "The Wonder-man" including a further colour plate "The Rabbits were playing 'Oranges and Lemons'". Oojah's second annual appearance was the 1921 issued 'The Joy Book Children's Annual 1922' with a full story entitled 'Flip Flap In London Town'. All stories in both annuals were told by Flo Lancaster and pictured by Thomas Maybank.
A slim 36 page book of annual size entitled 'Oojah House - The Story of Flip-Flap's Little Mansion' was issued by E. Hulton in 1921-22 featuring just a long Oojah story. The cover states it was part of the 'Oojah Books' series which included a tracing book 'Baby Binky's Birthday' which did not feature Oojah.
The first proper annual was 'The Oojah Annual', issued in 1922 as the undated 1923 annual. This features an advert for the 1923 Joy Book on the back so can be dated correctly. The undated 1924 Annual features a Portcullis with the Cat Snooker with a Coffee Pot on his head. The undated 1925 Annual features a baby bear being spoonfed. The undated 1926 Annual features Oojah sitting on a stile wearing a hat.
Further annuals and books were issued featuring Thomas Maybank's artwork including the 1927 'The Oojah's Treasure Trunk' (dated from the late 1926 competition ending date inside) and the 1928 issued 'Uncle Oojah's Big Annual' (dated from having a 1929 Calendar throughout the book).
Later Oojah Annuals featuring mostly the H. M. Talintyre artwork continued intermittently from the 1930s to the early 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="18813336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813336" title="Szpiro's conjecture">
Szpiro's conjecture

In number theory, Szpiro's conjecture concerns a relationship between the conductor and the discriminant of an elliptic curve. In a general form, it is equivalent to the well-known abc conjecture. It is named for Lucien Szpiro who formulated it in the 1980s.
The conjecture states that: given ε > 0, there exists a constant "C"(ε) such that for any elliptic curve "E" defined over Q with minimal discriminant Δ and conductor "f", we have
The modified Szpiro conjecture states that: given ε > 0, there exists a constant "C"(ε) such that for any elliptic curve "E" defined over Q with invariants "c"4, "c"6 and conductor "f", we have

</doc>
<doc id="18813337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813337" title="Harold Taylor (basketball coach)">
Harold Taylor (basketball coach)

Harold Taylor was an American basketball coach. He succeeded L.J. Cooke as the second coach of the Minnesota Golden Gophers men's basketball team. Taylor was the Gophers head coach for three seasons, from 1924 to 1927, and finished with a 19-30 career record. Taylor served as Cooke's assistant for the 1923-24 season before his promotion. Prior to becoming Cooke's assistant, Taylor was the coach at Aurora High School, where he won the 1923 state basketball tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18813341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813341" title="Engineering Announcements">
Engineering Announcements

Engineering Announcements for the Radio and Television Trade, sometimes abbreviated to Engineering Announcements, was a weekly magazine of news and information intended for technicians and salespeople in the United Kingdom, produced and transmitted by the Independent Television Authority (and later the Independent Broadcasting Authority) from 23 November 1970 until 31 July 1990. It covered technical advances in the industry such as the launch of satellite television and NICAM stereo, along with details of new transmitters and the scheduling of transmitter downtime.
"Engineering Announcements", and the BBC's similar "Service Information", are examples of regularly scheduled "ghost programmes," so called because they were never advertised in on-air schedules, in newspaper TV listings, the "TV Times" or on teletext.
Scheduling.
"Engineering Announcements" was originally scheduled directly after "Monday's Newcomers", another example of a ghost programme which offered the advertising trade the opportunity to watch first runs of new adverts before they aired in prime time on ITV.
In September 1972, "Engineering Announcements" moved to 9:10am on Tuesdays, where it remained until 1983. The launch of TV-am meant that the ITV network would no longer be available to show "Engineering Announcements" at the old time, however Channel 4, still in its infancy, generally didn't start broadcasting until the early evenings. The programme was transferred to Channel 4 and screened at the fixed time of 0915 each Tuesday, with a repeat at 1215 the same day. However, as Channel 4 gradually lengthened its broadcasting hours throughout the 1980s, "Engineering Announcements" was forced into increasingly earlier time slots, losing first the 1215 repeat when it took over ITV's programmes for schools and colleges in September 1987. With the launch of Channel 4's own breakfast television service in April 1989, "Engineering Announcements" was moved to 5:45am each Tuesday, where it could be recorded by engineers for later viewing.
"Engineering Announcements" broadcast for the final time on 31 July 1990 with a retrospective programme.
During the 1979 Winter of Discontent, "Engineering Announcements" was the only programme airing on ITV.

</doc>
<doc id="18813343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813343" title="Kako bubanj kaže (song)">
Kako bubanj kaže (song)

"Kako bubanj kaže" () is the title track of the fourth studio album by Serbian new wave band Električni Orgazam "Kako bubanj kaže". The track was also released as the only single from the album. There are no cover versions of the track but a live version appeared on the band's first official live album "Braćo i sestre" in 1987
Track listing.
Both tracks written by Srđan Gojković

</doc>
<doc id="18813360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813360" title="Boynitsa">
Boynitsa

Boynitsa (, pronounced ; also transliterated "Bojnica", "Bojnitsa", "Boinitsa", "Boynitza", "Boinitza", "Boinica", etc.) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria, part of Vidin Province. It is the administrative centre of Boynitsa Municipality, which lies in the western part of Vidin Province. The village is located 35 kilometres west of the provincial capital Vidin and 250 kilometres northwest of the national capital Sofia, in the immediate proximity of the Serbian border.
The Bulgarian word "boynitsa" means "arrow slit", although the Slavic root "boy" commonly exists in words related to fighting, and "-itsa" is a common Bulgarian placename suffix.
Municipality.
Boynitsa municipality covers an area of 166 square kilometres and includes the following 8 places:

</doc>
<doc id="18813365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813365" title="Roy Barker (cricketer)">
Roy Barker (cricketer)

Antony Royston Paul Barker is a former cricketer who played 27 first-class and four List A matches for Worcestershire in the late 1960s.
Barker did not enjoy particular success, reaching fifty only twice in his short career. He made 55 against Gloucestershire at Cheltenham in August 1968,
and 67 almost a year later against Lancashire at Southport.

</doc>
<doc id="18813369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813369" title="Agapia">
Agapia

Agapia is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Agapia, Filioara, Săcăluşeşti and Văratec.
At the 2002 census, 100% of inhabitants were ethnic Romanians, and 99.2% were Romanian Orthodox.
The commune is the site of Agapia Monastery and Văratec Monastery.

</doc>
<doc id="18813371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813371" title="Bahna">
Bahna

Bahna is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Arămeşti, Bahna, Băhnişoara, Broşteni, Izvoare, Liliac, Ţuţcanii din Deal and Ţuţcanii din Vale.

</doc>
<doc id="18813373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813373" title="Cordun">
Cordun

Cordun is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Cordun, Pildeşti and Simioneşti.
In 2002, the commune had a population of 7174, of whom all but seven were ethnic Romanians. 52.8% of residents were Roman Catholic and 46.6% Romanian Orthodox.

</doc>
<doc id="18813375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813375" title="Chris Morgan (rower)">
Chris Morgan (rower)

Chris Morgan (born 15 December 1982) is a two-time world champion and Olympic medal winning rower from Adelaide, South Australia.
Morgan began his athletic career as a competitive walker, however he took up rowing after taking part in a rowing machine (ergo) competition held by the Adelaide University Boat Club during the University of Adelaide Orientation Week. After winning the competition with the fastest time, Morgan was asked to join the Boat Club and joined the "Learn to Row" program, shortly before beginning his competitive rowing career.
During Morgan's first season of rowing in 2003/04, Morgan won a gold medal in the World University Games, and was later selected for the Australian rowing team in 2005, training with the Australian Institute of Sport.
Morgan competed in the Men's Quadruple Scull event for the Australian Olympic team at the Beijing 2008 Olympics. His crew won the heat in a world's best time of 5:36.20, beating the previous fastest time, set by Poland, by a second. The Australians finished fourth in the final.
In 2010, Morgan won the Australian National Single Scull Championship, becoming the first South Australian to do so in 40 years. In November, he won the World Championship coxed pair with pair partner Dominic Grimm and coxswain David Webster at Lake Karapiro, New Zealand.
In an upset win, Morgan rowing in the Australian heavy weight men's quad scull defeated the German crew to win gold at the 2011 World Rowing Championships. Due to a costly mistake in the German boat the Australian crew took the lead in the last few metres of the race to take out first place.
At the 2012 London Olympics, Morgan won bronze in the Men's Quad in a time of 5:45.22.

</doc>
<doc id="18813377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813377" title="Oniceni">
Oniceni

Oniceni is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of eleven villages: Ciornei, Gorun, Linseşti, Lunca, Mărmureni, Oniceni, Pietrosu, Poiana Humei, Pustieta, Solca and Valea Enei.

</doc>
<doc id="18813381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813381" title="USS Coasters Harbor (AG-74)">
USS Coasters Harbor (AG-74)

USS "Coasters Harbor" (AG-74) was a "Basilan"-class miscellaneous auxiliary acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. She was configured as a repair ship and sent to the Pacific Ocean just as the war ended. She was retained to participate in atomic testing at Bikini Atoll.
Constructed in Portland, Maine.
"Coasters Harbor" was launched 17 November 1944 by New England Shipbuilding Corporation, South Portland, Maine, under a U.S. Maritime Commission contract; sponsored by Mrs. M. M. Naples; transferred to the Navy 26 November 1944; commissioned the same day, ferried to Todd Shipbuilding Company, Brooklyn, New York; decommissioned 30 November 1944 for conversion to an electronics repair ship; and was recommissioned 29 July 1945, Commander T. H. Mover, USNR, in command.
World War II-related service.
Sailing from Norfolk, Virginia, 29 August, "Coasters Harbor" reached San Diego, California, 19 September and Sasebo, Japan, 31 October. She remained there servicing vessels of the occupation force until 5 March 1946.
Atomic testing at Bikini Atoll.
"Coasters Harbor" sailed westward to take part in Operation Crossroads. Following the atomic weapons tests "Coasters Harbor" returned to the U.S. West Coast, arriving at San Pedro, California, 14 September. 
Post-war decommissioning.
She was placed out of commission in reserve at San Diego, California, 3 July 1947. She was redesignated "AKS-22", 18 August 1951 and stricken from the Navy List on 1 April 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18813389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813389" title="Great Reading Adventure">
Great Reading Adventure

The Great Reading Adventure was introduced in 2003 as part of Bristol's bid to be European Capital of Culture 2008. It was inspired by an equivalent scheme in Chicago, where they were reading Harper Lee's "To Kill a Mockingbird". In its first year in excess of 15,000 people read Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson as part of the scheme. At the time the 2004 scheme launched Bristol was the only city in Britain to have such a project, but plans were underway for London to introduce one. 
As part of the 2005 celebarations of the 70th Anniversiary of sponsors Penguin Publishing, they selected "The Siege" by Helen Dunmore as that year's book. Dunmore had moved to Bristol 29 years previously, and launched that year's events. It was also split up into roughly three age categories, with The Siege being suggested for adults, teenagers being recommended Carrie's War by Nina Bawden and younger children Tara's Treehouse which was also by Dunmore. Penguin also planned to get other British cities reading relevant books of their choice.
From 2006 the scheme extended to the whole of South West England, involving the distribution of about 40,000 copies of the Jules Verne novel Around the World in 80 Days. They involved around 70 Swindon schools, 80 Bristol schools and all 15 library authorities in the South West.
In 2009 the cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow join Bristol, along with Hampshire County Council and fifteen library authorities in the South West of England. The chosen book, Arthur Conan Doyle's "The Lost World" will be republished with a new cover designed by Aardman Animations. The book will be distributed in all participating areas along with a comic biography of Charles Darwin. 2009 is the 150th anniversary of Conan Doyle's birth and the bicentenary of Darwin's.
List of books by Year.
2003 - "Treasure Island" by Robert Louis Stevenson
2004 - "The Day of the Triffids" by John Wyndham
2005 - "The Siege" by Helen Dunmore
2006 - "Around the World in 80 Days" by Jules Verne
2007 - "Small Island" by Andrea Levy
2008 - "The Bristol Story" - a specially commissioned graphic novel
2009 - "The Lost World" by Arthur Conan Doyle

</doc>
<doc id="18813398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813398" title="Dick Curtis (boxer)">
Dick Curtis (boxer)

Dick Curtis (1 February 1802 – 16 September 1843) was a professional boxing pioneer born in Southwark, London.
Pro career.
Known as the “The Pet of the Fancy”, Curtis turned professional in 1820 and on February 27, 1827 defeated Barney Aaron. Curtis' lone defeat came at the hands of Jack Perkins on December 30, 1828, when he lost on a foul.
Honors.
In 2006, Curtis was elected into the International Boxing Hall of Fame, "Pioneer" Category.
Death.
Curtis died from injuries sustained while sparring on 16 September 1843 in England.

</doc>
<doc id="18813401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813401" title="Damion Cook">
Damion Cook

Damion Lamar Cook (born April 16, 1979 in Nashville, Tennessee) is an American football guard for the Omaha Nighthawks of the United Football League. He was signed by the Baltimore Ravens as an undrafted free agent in 2001. He played college football at Bethune-Cookman.
Cook has also been a member of the Chicago Bears, Miami Dolphins, Cleveland Browns and Hamilton Tiger-Cats.

</doc>
<doc id="18813402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813402" title="Valea Ursului">
Valea Ursului

Valea Ursului is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bucium, Chilii, Giurgeni, Muncelu de Jos and Valea Ursului.

</doc>
<doc id="18813403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813403" title="Poiana Teiului">
Poiana Teiului

Poiana Teiului is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of eleven villages: Călugăreni, Dreptu, Galu, Petru Vodă, Pârâul Fagului, Poiana Largului, Poiana Teiului, Roşeni, Ruseni, Săvineşti and Topoliceni.
The village of Poiana Largului is located at the north end of Lake Bicaz, at the junction of several national roads (DN 15, DN 15B, DN17B). It has a viaduct, erected over the last section of the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="18813405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813405" title="Pipirig">
Pipirig

Pipirig is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Boboieşti, Dolheşti, Leghin, Pâţâligeni, Pipirig, Pluton and Stânca.

</doc>
<doc id="18813406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813406" title="Podoleni">
Podoleni

Podoleni is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Negriteşti and Podoleni.

</doc>
<doc id="18813407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813407" title="Dobreni">
Dobreni

Dobreni is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Căşăria, Dobreni and Sărata.

</doc>
<doc id="18813408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813408" title="Bozieni, Neamț">
Bozieni, Neamț

Bozieni is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Băneasa, Bozieni, Crăieşti, Cuci and Iucşa.

</doc>
<doc id="18813409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813409" title="Priska Doppmann">
Priska Doppmann

Priska Doppmann (born 10 May 1971) is a Swiss road racing cyclist, born in Cham. She finished 7th in the Women's road race at the 2008 Summer Olympics. Currently, she is a manager for the women's team .

</doc>
<doc id="18813413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813413" title="Tetovirane devojke">
Tetovirane devojke

"Tetovirane devojke" is the B-side of the fifth single by Serbian new wave band Električni Orgazam. The track also appeared on Kako bubanj kaže reissue as a bonus track.
Track listing.
Both tracks written by Srđan Gojković

</doc>
<doc id="18813420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813420" title="Conceição das Alagoas">
Conceição das Alagoas

Conceição das Alagoas is a Brazilian municipality located in the west of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was estimated to be 20,426 people living in a total area of 1,348 km². The city belongs to the mesoregion of Triângulo Mineiro and Alto Paranaíba and to the micro-region of Uberaba. It became a municipality in 1938.
Conceição das Alagoas is located at an elevation of 509 meters, 56 km. southwest of Uberaba. The distance to the state capital, Belo Horizonte, is 530 km. Neighboring municipalities are: Veríssimo (N), Uberaba (NE), Água Comprida (E), Miguelópolis, Guaíra, Colômbia (S), Planura, Pirajuba (W) and Campo Florido (NW).
The name of the town is in homage to the Virgin of the Conception and the many lakes in the area.
The main economic activities are services, industry (especially brick making), and agriculture. There is an alcohol distilling plant for biodiesel. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$606 million, with 121 million Reais from services, 300 million Reais from industry, and 102 million Reais from agriculture. There were 298 rural producers on 37,000 hectares of land. The land is very fertile and agricultural production is high. 127 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 1,100 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main crops were sugarcane (27,000 hectares planted in 2006)) and soybeans (30,600 hectares planted in 2006), but rubber, coffee, cotton, rice, beans and corn were also grown. There were 39,000 head of cattle (2006). There were 3 banks (2007) and 3,083 automobiles (1,150 motorcycles), giving a ratio of 7 inhabitants per automobile.
There were 9 health clinics and 1 hospital with 39 beds. Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Uberaba, which is connected by good roads. Educational needs were met by 10 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 8 pre-primary schools.
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$283.00 was close to the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="18813463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813463" title="75th meridian west">
75th meridian west

The meridian 75° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean Sea, South America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The mean solar time of this meridian is the base for the Eastern Time Zone (UTC-5 during standard time).
Stations belonging to the American Weather Service begin submitting weather reports when the mean solar time of this meridian is 8:00 am. Report collection ends 30–40 minutes later and the data is used to create the day's weather forecast.
The 75th meridian west forms a great circle with the 105th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 75th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18813465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813465" title="Bicaz-Chei">
Bicaz-Chei

Bicaz-Chei () is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Bicaz-Chei, Bârnadu ("Bernádtelep"), Gherman and Ivaneş ("Iványos"). Bicaz-Chei is one of three communes in Neamţ County (most of which is in Moldavia) that are part of the historic region of Transylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18813468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813468" title="Bicazu Ardelean">
Bicazu Ardelean

Bicazu Ardelean () is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bicazu Ardelean, Telec ("Gyergyózsedánpatak") and Ticoş ("Tikos"). Bicazu Ardelean is one of three communes in Neamţ County (most of which is in Moldavia) that are part of the historic region of Transylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18813489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813489" title="Pierre Larquey">
Pierre Larquey

Pierre Larquey (10 July 1884 – 17 April 1962) was a French film actor. He appeared in 214 films between 1913 and 1962. He was born in Cénac, Gironde, France and died in Maisons-Laffitte, France.

</doc>
<doc id="18813496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813496" title="Charles Sanford Skilton">
Charles Sanford Skilton

Charles Sanford Skilton (August 16, 1868 – March 12, 1941) was an American composer, teacher and musicologist. Along with Charles Wakefield Cadman, Blair Fairchild, Arthur Nevin, and Arthur Farwell, among others, he was one of the leading Indianist composers of the early twentieth century.
Life.
Skilton was born in Northampton, Massachusetts, and received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Yale University in 1889. From that year until 1891 he taught languages at a preparatory school in Newburgh, New York; while there, he studied composition with Dudley Buck and organ with Harry Rowe Shelley. Skilton traveled to Berlin for further study in 1891, remaining there until 1893 and studying at the Hochschule für Musik with Woldemar Bargiel and Otis Boise. Returning to the United States, he became director of music at the Salem Academy and College in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, in which position he served until 1896. In 1897 he found work as an instructor of piano and music theory at the State Normal School in Trenton, New Jersey (now The College of New Jersey); he moved west in 1903, when he became a professor of organ, theory and history at the University of Kansas. He served as the Dean of the School of Fine Arts at that institution from 1903 until 1915. It was there that he developed his interest in American Indian music.
Skilton died in Lawrence, Kansas in 1941.
Music.
Skilton first became interested in the music of American Indians in 1915, when an Indian pupil of his offered a trade; the pupil would sing him traditional tribal songs in exchange for lessons in harmony. Skilton expressed interest, and soon found himself visiting the nearby Haskell Institute. The first works he completed on Indian themes were "Two Indian Dances" for string quartet, "Deer Dance" and "War Dance", originally intended for a student opera. These he later orchestrated as the first part of his "Suite Primeval"; the second part, published four years later, consisted of four movements based on traditional songs of three tribes. These were:
Skilton also wrote operas on Indian themes. The three-act "Kalopin" was based on legends of the Chickasaw and Choctaw tribes, and took as its subject the 1812 New Madrid earthquake. This opera, though completed in 1927, was not publicly performed, but a one-act opera, "The Sun Bride", was given on NBC in 1930. This piece is based on Pueblo themes, and incorporates themes from the Winnebago and Chippewa. For his work on "Kalopin", Skilton was awarded the Bispham Memorial Medal Award by the American Opera Association of Chicago, Illinois.
Besides his work on Indian motives, Skilton wrote music on other themes, including incidental music for a production of Sophocles' "Electra" at Smith College in his youth. Among his other compositions were an oratorio, "The Guardian Angel", and numerous orchestral works.
Many of Skilton's manuscript scores, and published copies of some of his work, are held in the library of the University of Kansas. Among these are manuscript copies of his three operas.
Recordings.
Little of Skilton's music appears to have been recorded. Some of his piano pieces, including a solo piano arrangement of the "War Dance" from "Suite Primeval," (possibly the arrangement by Carl A. Preyer referenced in the full score of "Suite Primeval") may be found in two compilations of Indianist music released by Naxos Records on the Marco Polo label. During the acoustic era, Columbia Phonograph Company issued Part I of the suite, "Deer Dance" and "War Dance," played by a house orchestra on A6131; the orchestral score of the "Suite Primeval" indicates that Pathé Freres Phonograph Company published an acoustic orchestral recording of the same movements and that Columbia published the "Flute Serenade" as well. Part I would again appear on record during the mono LP era as recorded by the Philharmonia Orchestra of Hamburg conducted by Hans-Jurgen Walther on MGM E-3144. Individual recordings of the "War Dance" included an acoustically recorded Edison diamond disc, no. 80692, performed by its dedicatee, the Zoellner Quartet, and electrically recorded 78 RPM issue in which Howard Hanson led the Eastman-Rochester Symphony Orchestra, Victor red seal no. 11-8302, coupled with the "Sunrise Dance" from Part II. Thus, leaving aside questions of varying recording technology and accessibility to modern listeners, recordings have at least documented the "War Dance" in all three guises: solo piano, string quartet, and full orchestral.

</doc>
<doc id="18813506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813506" title="Botești">
Botești

Boteşti is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Barticeşti, Boteşti and Nisiporeşti. It included four other villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Văleni Commune.
In 2002, the population was 95.2% ethnic Romanian and 4.7% Roma; 67.1% were Roman Catholic and 32.8% were Romanian Orthodox.

</doc>
<doc id="18813508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813508" title="Borlești">
Borlești

Borleşti is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Borleşti, Nechit, Mastacăn, Ruseni and Şovoaia.

</doc>
<doc id="18813515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813515" title="Boghicea">
Boghicea

Boghicea is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Boghicea, Căuşeni, Nistria and Slobozia.
Boghicea village was founded by a monk named Boghiţă who had a small hermitage in the forest and sheltered other citizens. In 1784, Gheorghe Stroescu and his wife Adela began construction on a stone and brick church on their estate with their own finances.
The village was the site of a 1944 tank battle where the Romanians led by Lt. Ion S. Dumitru repulsed Soviet forces, causing heavy casualties.

</doc>
<doc id="18813517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813517" title="Bodești">
Bodești

Bodeşti is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Bodeşti, Bodeştii de Jos, Corni and Oşlobeni.

</doc>
<doc id="18813518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813518" title="Bâra">
Bâra

Bâra is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bâra, Negreşti and Rediu.

</doc>
<doc id="18813519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813519" title="Bârgăuani">
Bârgăuani

Bârgăuani () is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of thirteen villages: Bahna Mare, Baratca ("Barátka"), Bălăneşti, Bârgăuani, Breaza ("Bráza"), Certieni, Chilia, Dârloaia, Ghelăieşti, Hârtop, Homiceni, Talpa ("Talpa") and Vlădiceni.
At the 2002 census, 100% of inhabitants were ethnic Romanians. 62.8% were Romanian Orthodox and 36.9% Roman Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="18813525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813525" title="Acharkut">
Acharkut

Acharkut (also Romanized as Ajarkut) is a village in the Tavush Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18813543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813543" title="Annie York">
Annie York

Annie York was a distinguished elder of the Nlaka'pamux people of the Spuzzum First Nation of Spuzzum, in the lower Fraser Canyon region of British Columbia, Canada. With co-writers she was the author of notable books on the early history and ethnobotany of the region. She "was born in Spuzzum and lived there most of her adult life."
She was the subject of a movie, "Bowl of Bone: Tale of The Syuwe."
Annie York was co-author of "They Write Their Dreams on the Rock Forever: Rock Writings in the Stein River Valley of British Columbia."

</doc>
<doc id="18813545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813545" title="Blair Fairchild">
Blair Fairchild

Blair Fairchild (June 23, 1877 - April 23, 1933) was an American composer and diplomat. Along with Charles Wakefield Cadman, Charles Sanford Skilton, Arthur Nevin, and Arthur Farwell, among others, he is sometimes grouped among the Indianists, although he had only a marginal association with their work.
Fairchild was a native of Massachusetts, the son of Boston investor Charles Fairchild. He studied at Harvard College and in Florence before embarking, after a stint in business, on a career in the diplomatic corps. He first saw service in Constantinople before being transferred to Tehran; in 1903 he settled in Paris, where he pursued further studies in music before becoming a composer. He died in 1933.
Fairchild had studied music while at Harvard, attending classes taught by both John Knowles Paine and Walter Spalding. Upon his arrival in Paris he sought further study with Charles-Marie Widor. His musical style was based on music he had heard during his diplomatic travels, and among his early works were two tone poems upon Persian legends, "Zal" and "Shah Feridoun." He also wrote much in smaller forms, including many pieces for chamber groups. He also wrote songs and choruses. Fairchild's music has been described as derived from the same influences as the work of Claude Debussy, Maurice Ravel, and Igor Stravinsky.
Little of Fairchild's music appears to have been recorded. Some of his piano pieces may be found on a compilation of Indianist music released by Naxos Records on the Marco Polo label.
Fairchild was the brother of miniaturist Lucia Fairchild Fuller; their grandfather, Jairus C. Fairchild, was the first mayor of Madison, Wisconsin, while their uncle Lucius served three terms as the governor of the state.

</doc>
<doc id="18813558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813558" title="Arthur Nevin">
Arthur Nevin

Arthur Finley Nevin (April 27, 1871 – July 10, 1943) was an American composer, conductor, teacher and musicologist. Along with Charles Wakefield Cadman, Blair Fairchild, Charles Sanford Skilton, and Arthur Farwell, among others, he was one of the leading Indianist composers of the early twentieth century.
Biography.
Born in Edgeworth, Pennsylvania, Nevin was the younger brother of composer Ethelbert Nevin, and a cousin of George Balch Nevin and his son, Gordon, both of whom were also composers. He received his first musical instruction from his father before enrolling in the New England Conservatory in 1889, studying piano with Otto Bendix and music theory with Percy Goetschius. Completing his work there, in 1893 he traveled to Europe, there receiving instruction in piano from Karl Klindworth and Ernst Jedliczka, and studying composition with Oits Boise and Engelbert Humperdinck. In 1897 Nevin returned to the United States, and spend time teaching and conducting as well as writing music; some of his early pieces were published under the pseudonym "Arthur Dale". In 1903 and 1904, he spent the summers living with the Blackfoot tribe in Montana, using the opportunity to study their music and folklore. He soon became recognized as an expert on Indian culture, and his interest in the Blackfoot led to the composition of an opera, "Poia", on the subject of one of their legends. 
Between 1911 and 1914, Nevin worked in Virginia, also spending time in New Hampshire conducting at the MacDowell Colony. At the start of World War I, he took a teaching post at the University of Kansas, but gave it up when the United States entered the war in order to direct the army band and choirs at Camp Grant in Illinois. Post-war, he moved to New York after spending time in Tennessee; he suffered from poor health in the last two decades of his life. During this time he also traveled to Paris. He was elected an honorary member of the Alpha Chapter of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia Fraternity, the national fraternity for men in music, at the New England Conservatory c. 1916-1917. Nevin died in Sewickley, Pennsylvania, in 1943.
He was married to the novelist, Reita Lambert, and had two children, Arthur Jr and Martha Jane. 
Music.
Nevin is best known for his three-act opera "Poia", based on the Blackfoot legend describing the origin of the Sun Dance. The opera had been commissioned in 1903 by Walter McClintock, and was composed on a libretto provided by Randolph Hartley. It was first heard in concert in Pittsburgh in 1907, and received good reviews. That same year, Theodore Roosevelt invited Nevin to the White House to give an illustrated talk on his work, but further interest from the American musical establishment was not forthcoming. Instead, "Poia" was given its stage premiere in 1909 at the Royal Opera House in Berlin, in a German translation crafted in part by the composer's former teacher, Humperdinck. From there it fell into obscurity; it was only given again in the United States by a group in Great Falls, Montana, in 2005.
Nevin composed numerous other works besides "Poia". A one-act opera, initially titled "Twilight", was said to have been accepted for performance at the Metropolitan Opera, but never saw the stage there. It was given as "A Daughter of the Forest" in Chicago in 1918. Nevin's other output includes a number of other dramatic works, some pieces for chorus, and some chamber music, as well as four works for orchestra.
Recordings.
Little of Nevin's music has been committed to disc. Excerpts of his orchestral suite "From Edgeworth Hills" of 1903 may be found on an Altarus Records release, as may a complete version of his "Toccatella".

</doc>
<doc id="18813561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813561" title="Culebrinas River">
Culebrinas River

The Culebrinas River (; pron. koo-le-BREE-nahs), is a river in northwest Puerto Rico. It originates in southwestern Lares and flows for till it empties into the Mona Passage south of downtown Aguadilla.
History.
Christopher Columbus is said to have anchored and come ashore near the mouth of the Culebrinas River in 1493. A stone cross monument was erected to mark the site, but it was destroyed by the 1918 Puerto Rico earthquake.
Flooding.
In 2007, Tropical Storm Olga caused flooding on the river, forcing an evacuation.

</doc>
<doc id="18813566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813566" title="Signals Through the Glass">
Signals Through the Glass

Signals Through the Glass is the first solo album by John Stewart, recorded with his wife Buffy Ford, originally issued on LP in September 1968 and reissued in September 1975 with a different version of "July, You're A Woman". It has since also been released on CD. "July, You're A Woman" was re-recorded by Stewart on his next album, "California Bloodlines".
Track listing.
All compositions by John Stewart.

</doc>
<doc id="18813593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813593" title="Farès Mecheri">
Farès Mecheri

Farès Mechri (born 6 December 1983 in Lyon, France) is a French-Algerian football player who is currently playing as a forward for Wydad Casablanca in the Moroccan GNF 1.
On 14 January 2009, Mecheri joined Wydad Casablanca from USM Alger. after, he played just three matches and scored one goal against Kawkab Marrakech.
On 30 June 2009, Wydad Casablanca announced in his official website that he terminated amicably his contract with Mecheri.
On 1 January 2010, he joined U.S.Forézienne in Feurs (France). US Feurs official website

</doc>
<doc id="18813600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813600" title="Heavy MONTRÉAL">
Heavy MONTRÉAL

HEAVY MONTRÉAL (formerly Heavy MTL) is a three-day heavy metal and hard rock festival in Montreal, Quebec, at Parc Jean-Drapeau on Île Sainte-Hélène, as well as various events at other venues across the city, held in the summer. It is one of the largest Heavy Metal festivals with usually around 70,000 people attending each year. More than 70,000 people attended the 2012 edition. The former name "Heavy MTL" served both as an abbreviation for Montreal and Metal. In 2014, the festival was officially renamed to HEAVY MONTRÉAL.
Since the first edition in 2008, Heavy MTL has seen some of the world biggest heavy metal legends such as Iron Maiden, Mötley Crüe, Disturbed, Dethklok, Rob Zombie, Korn, Avenged Sevenfold, Slayer, Megadeth, Alice Cooper, KISS, Motörhead, Godsmack, In Flames, Slipknot, Marilyn Manson, Deftones, System of a Down and many others.
In 2011, a similar event, Heavy T.O., was created at Downsview Park in Toronto, Ontario. Both events are held the same weekends, with most bands playing one day in Montreal and the other in Toronto. However, the promoters ceased operations of the Toronto event after 2012 despite its popularity.
2014.
For 2014, Heavy MTL was renamed to Heavy Montréal as an "evolution" of the festival, with efforts made to include a wide array of styles in its programming.
The announced lineup includes:
2013.
For the 2013 edition, Heavy MTL will also feature a live pro wrestling event showcasing men and women of the Montreal independent wrestling scene.
2009.
Due to the high number of metal live shows performed in Montreal during the year (Metallica, AC/DC, KISS, Dream Theater, Marilyn Manson, Motörhead and many more) it was announced that the festival would not take place in 2009 and return in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18813604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813604" title="Alberto Bimboni">
Alberto Bimboni

Alberto Bimboni (1882–1960) was an Italian-born American composer and conductor. He is remembered today, if at all, for his opera "Winona"; consequently, he is sometimes grouped with other composers of the Indianist movement in American music.
Born in Florence, Bimboni came to the United States in 1911, immediately finding employment with Henry Savage, who engaged him to conduct his company's tour of Giacomo Puccini's "La fanciulla del West". Upon conclusion of the run, he continued to find employment as a conductor in various areas of the country. It was during this period that he became interested in American Indian subjects, and composed "Winona" to a libretto by a Minneapolis journalist, Perry S. Williams. The story is taken from a legend of the Sioux, and tells of a maiden, named Winona, who threw herself into Lake Pepin to avoid an arranged marriage. The opera's music is heavily based on the music of various Indian tribes, including songs from the Chippewa and Sioux; moccasin, war, and hunting songs are included in the score as well. Bimboni strove not to violate Indian convention; consequently, the choral passages are in unison, with no part-singing.
Bimboni had some difficulty in finding an audience for his work, and kept the score with him when he traveled to conduct. At one engagement, in Washington, D.C., his story caught the attention of then-president Warren G. Harding, who used his influence to try to have it performed. "Winona" finally saw the stage in Portland, Oregon in 1926; at a performance in Minneapolis two years later, the composer was awarded the Bispham Memorial Medal Award for his work in promoting American opera.
Bimboni wrote little else besides "Winona", although one of his songs was recorded by John McCormack. From 1930 to 1942 he was a teacher at the Curtis Institute in Philadelphia, and since 1933 also at the Opera Department at Juilliard School of Music in New York. For eighteen years, he directed the summer season in Chautauqua, New York, and from 1942 was director of the opera company of Canton (Ohio). He has been listed as one of Gian-Carlo Menotti's instructors. He died in New York in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18813638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813638" title="Michelle Bernard">
Michelle Bernard

Michelle D. Bernard (born July 30, 1963, Washington, D.C.) is an American journalist, political analyst, author, and President and CEO of the Bernard Center For Women, Politics & Public Policy. She was formerly President and CEO of Independent Women's Forum and Independent Women's Voice.
Biography.
Bernard graduated from Howard University with a B.A. in Political Science and Philosophy. She has a J.D. degree from the Georgetown University Law Center, and was a partner at the lobbyist and law firm Patton Boggs. In 2000, she was a member of the Bush-Cheney Presidential Inaugural Committee. She was the chair for the District of Columbia's Redevelopment Land Agency.
Bernard is a political and legal analyst for MSNBC, and is frequently a panelist on the "The McLaughlin Group". In 2007, Bernard authored "Women’s Progress: How Women Are Wealthier, Healthier, and More Independent Than Ever Before". She is also a Sunday columnist for "The Washington Examiner".
Her family heritage is Jamaican American, saying in an interview with Bill Steigerwald, "My parents are American citizens, but they come from Jamaica. I was raised with very American and Jamaican values. In our culture, we have a very strong sense of pride and of family honor and of self-reliance."
She is the mother of two children.

</doc>
<doc id="18813647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813647" title="75th meridian east">
75th meridian east

The meridian 75° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 75th meridian east forms a great circle with the 105th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 75th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18813651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813651" title="Edward Pugh">
Edward Pugh

The Rt Rev.William Edward Augustus Pugh (known as Edward) was the fifth Bishop of Penrith in the modern era.
He was born on 22 July 1909 and educated at Leeds University and the College of the Resurrection, Mirfield. Ordained in 1934 he began his career with a Curacy at Staveley, Derbyshire. From here he became Vicar of Norwell and then Harrington before his appointment as Archdeacon of West Cumberland. Elevation to the Episcopate followed in 1970 and he retired nine years later. He died on 4 January 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18813654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813654" title="Carl Busch">
Carl Busch

Carl Busch (29 March 1862, Bjerre – 19 December 1943, Kansas City) was a Danish-born American composer and music teacher sometimes associated with the Indianist movement. He was an important figure in the musical life of Kansas City, Missouri for many years.
Background.
Busch was born in Bjerre, on Jutland, to a lawyer and his wife, and was the youngest of five children. His father hoped that he would follow him into the legal profession, but Carl was more interested in pursuing a career in music, learning to play the flute, violin, and cello. He studied and played under many of the notables of the day, including Niels Wilhelm Gade and Johan Peter Emilius Hartmann; he also worked under Johan Svendsen. The abilities he showed in his studies led to the offer of a scholarship to the conservatory in Brussels, from which city he went to Paris. There he played under Charles Gounod and Benjamin Godard, and became acquainted with Camille Saint-Saëns as well. From Paris he returned to Denmark for a time before leaving for the United States.
Career.
Denmark's vice-consul in Kansas City was one Thyge Skogaard, a former music publisher, and he encouraged Busch to come to the United States. Consequently, in 1887 he and three friends formed a group called the Gade Quartet and came to America, eventually coming to Kansas City. In addition to playing and conducting, he also began to teach, and soon became known in local cultural circles. When the Philharmonic Choral Society was formed, he was chosen as its director. Through this position he met pianist Sallie Smith, one of the Society's members, who became his wife after a short courtship. In 1911, one of the groups with which Busch was associated became the Kansas City Symphony Orchestra; he stayed with it as director for a further seven years, until his activities were curtailed by American entry into World War I. At the same time, he was active as a composer, and served as a guest conductor elsewhere as well.
In 1912, the King of Denmark made Busch a Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog; consequently, he is sometimes referred to as "Sir Carl". More recognition came in the form of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav, into which he was inducted in 1924. He was initiated as an honorary member of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia fraternity by the Fraternity's Chi chapter at the University of Washington in 1913.
The Kansas City Philharmonic, led by Karl Krueger, honored him at a concert in 1938, upon which occasion one newspaper referred to him as "Kansas City’s own outstanding composer and for fifty years its most noted musician."" He taught at the Kansas City-Horner Conservatory, and was one of the first faculty members of the University of Kansas City. He spent summers teaching and conducting as well, being invited to work at the University of Chicago and University of Notre Dame and at the Interlochen Center for the Arts in Michigan. He also frequently summered in Battle Creek, Michigan, as a guest of one of his former pupils. Busch also enjoyed woodcarving and pressing flowers, hobbies which took up more of his time in later years.
Busch's wife died in 1939; Busch himself died in Kansas City in 1943.
Music.
Busch was especially noted for his works based on themes from the Western United States, and he would frequently incorporate American Indian themes into his music. He set many tribal songs as solos, and reworked some into larger pieces such as the "Four Indian Tribal Melodies" for string orchestra, based upon the music of the Omaha and Chippewa. Other works, such as "A Chant from the Great Plains" for band, are more generically "Western" in their inspiration. Among Busch's other works was the suite "Ozarka", about the Ozarks in southern Missouri.
The Sousa Archives and Center for American Music houses the Carl Busch Papers and Music Instrument Collection, ca. 1833-1924. This collection consists of original and published music by Busch and other musicians, correspondence, newspaper and journal clippings, photographs, programs, books and music instruments.
External links.
http://www.kclibrary.org/blog/kc-unbound/carrie-westlake-whitney-and-carl-busch-christmas-greeting-kansas-city-children

</doc>
<doc id="18813698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813698" title="Aniyathipraavu">
Aniyathipraavu

Aniyathipraavu (English: "The Younger Sister Dove") is a 1997 Malayalam musical-romance film directed by Fazil and produced by Swargachitra Appachan. It stars Kunchacko Boban and Shalini in the lead roles. The film tells a love story, about Sudhish Kumar (Kunchacko Boban) and Mini (Shalini) who fell in love despite being from two different religious communities. The music was composed by Ouseppachan with the lyrics by S. Ramesan Nair.
The film and the music was a trendsetter and one of the biggest hits in the history of Malayalam cinema. Fazil remade it into the Tamil film "Kadhalukku Mariyadhai" (1997) and Priyadarshan adapted the story for his Hindi film "Doli Saja Ke Rakhna" (1998).
Plot.
Mini (Shalini) who is the apple of her mother's (KPAC Lalitha) and three brothers (Janardhan, Cochin Haneefa and Shajin)eye. She falls in love with Suddhi (Kunchacko Boban). But when her brothers know about it, hell breaks loose in both the houses. The lovers elope with the help of some friends. But when they are going to get married, they have a small talk and realise that the best thing they can do to prove their love is to go back to their parents. Finally their parents allow them to get together.
Box office.
This film is said to be the one which catapulted Kunchako Boban to stardom. This film celebrated its silver jubilee run in many centres and it can be called a cult film which inspired a lot of youngsters with its storyline and treatment. It ran for more than 255 days.

</doc>
<doc id="18813705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813705" title="Drifting (1983 film)">
Drifting (1983 film)

Drifting (a.k.a. "Nagu'a") is the title of an independent film directed by Amos Guttman. Filmed in 1982, released a year later, it is the first Israeli LGBT-themed film, and follows a lonely young gay man as he attempts to find love and break into the movie business. The film is in Hebrew with English subtitles Sometimes the film's title is translated as ""Afflicted"".
Plot.
Robi (Jonathan Sagall) is a young Israeli who lives his grandparents and works at their store. He dreams of finding true love and becoming a movie director, both of which seem increasingly difficult. His film career stalls, until he can get financial backing and his love life seems to be in similar shape. While the urban city has places to cruise for sex, Robi struggles to find an organized gay community and a committed relationship.
His grandparents tolerate his homosexuality, preferring to ignore the men he brings home and avoid asking why he regularly visit the park. Yet, they view his sexual orientation as being shameful not only to him, but to the entire family. When upset, his grandmother yells at him, and asks when he is going to find a nice woman, marry and start a family. His ex-girlfriend would love to get back together, but Robi has fallen in love with a man named Han, who caved into the social pressure and married a woman.

</doc>
<doc id="18813726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813726" title="Meat glaze">
Meat glaze

Meat glaze, French: Glace de viande, is a dark brown, gelatinous, flavouring agent used in food preparation. It is obtained by reducing brown stock through evaporation by slow heating. Its high viscosity and salt content gives it an unusually long shelf-life.

</doc>
<doc id="18813729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813729" title="Joel Edwards (singer)">
Joel Edwards (singer)

Joel Edwards is an English record producer, singer, songwriter and remixer; He likes to have various bands and solo projects on the go at any one time, and is best known for being the lead vocalist of the band Deepest Blue. From 2009/10 Joel toured as lead singer for Planet Funk and has now left to work on new material.
Discography.
Deepest Blue.
"See Deepest_Blue#Discography."

</doc>
<doc id="18813739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813739" title="Rollo Gillespie">
Rollo Gillespie

Sir Robert Rollo Gillespie (1766–1814) was an officer in the British army.
Early life.
Robert Rollo Gillespie grew up in County Down, in what was then the Kingdom of Ireland, after turning down the opportunity of going to Cambridge university he joined the 3rd Irish Horse as a Cornet. In 1786 he was involved in a duel in which he killed the opposing duellist. Fleeing to Scotland, he stayed briefly and then returned voluntarily to stand trial in 1788. The verdict was 'justifiable homicide' and Gillespie was acquitted.
Active service.
In 1792 he transferred to the Light Dragoons with the rank of lieutenant and soon embarked with his new regiment for Jamaica. However, his ship was shipwrecked at the Portuguese islands of Madeira forcing Gillespie to come ashore by a small boat and he then contracted yellow fever in his first night on the island. After recovery, he rejoined his regiment and fought against the forces of the French republic in the Caribbean at Tiburon Peninsula, Port-au-Prince, Fort Bizotten and Fort de l'Hôpital.
Being made Adjutant-General of St. Domingo, he was at home alone when eight men broke into his house to burgle it. Armed only with his sword, he killed six of them while the other two fled.
India, Java, Sumatra, Nepal.
In 1804 he was acquitted by a court martial of suspected involvement in a fraud scandal after which he transferred to India, travelling overland through Hamburg, Greece and Baghdad to take command of the 19th Light Dragoons. During the Vellore Mutiny of 1806 Gillespie set out with a relief force from the 19th within a quarter of an hour of the alarm being raised. Dashing ahead with twenty men, he saw the surviving British troops, about sixty men of the 69th commanded by NCOs and two assistant surgeons, holding the ramparts but out of ammunition. As he was unable to gain entry through the defended gate (which was controlled by the mutineers), Gillespie climbed the wall onto the battlements to take command with the aid of a rope and a sergeant's sash which was lowered to him. To gain time for the rest of the 19th to arrive he led the 69th in a bayonet-charge along the ramparts, engaging in close combat with the enemy. With the rest of the 19th now arrived Gillespie ordered them to blow in the gates with their galloper guns and then made a second charge with the 69th clearing the space just inside the gate to permit the cavalry to deploy. The 19th and Madras Cavalry then charged and slaughtered any enemy who stood in their way.
In 1811 he commanded forces in the Invasion of Java and took the city of Batavia. He was subsequently appointed Commander of the Forces in British-occupied Java and in 1812 he deposed the Sultan of Palembang in Sumatra, and took the royal Javanese city of Yogyakarta. On his return to India he speared a roaming tiger that was prowling on Bangalore racecourse. Two years later, at the beginning of the Anglo-Nepalese War, he led a column to attack a Nepalese hill fort at Kalunga, in the Battle of Nalapani, repulsing a Gurkha counterattack. Gillespie then tried to follow them back into the fort with a dismounted party of the 8th Dragoons. Although this failed, Gillespie renewed the attack with companies of the 53rd Foot. Thirty yards from the fort he shouted the words, "One shot more for the honour of Down" and charged with the men when a Nepalese sharpshooter shot him through the heart and he died within seconds of falling. With his death the attack faltered causing the next senior officer to call a retreat.
Memorial.
A large statue of Major General Sir Rollo Gillespie was constructed under the oversight of John Fraser, the first County Surveyor of Down, and was unveiled on 24 June 1845 (St. John's Day) in the Town Square of Comber. Fifty lodges of the Masonic Order were present, in what is believed to be the biggest Masonic gathering in Irish history. It was calculated that 25,000 to 30,000 people crowded into the town to witness the ceremony. The column is 55 feet high. At the foot of the column are many Masonic symbols and his famous last words "One shot more for the honour of Down"

</doc>
<doc id="18813743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813743" title="HG Capital">
HG Capital

"The following are three unrelated private equity firms with similar names incorporating "H", "G'" and "Capital" in their respective names:"

</doc>
<doc id="18813784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813784" title="St. George Coptic Orthodox Church (Brooklyn, New York)">
St. George Coptic Orthodox Church (Brooklyn, New York)

St George Coptic Orthodox Church (Coptic: // transliteration: "ti.eklyseya en.remenkimi en.orthodoxos ente fi.ethowab Gewargios") is one of the oldest Coptic Orthodox churches in North America. It is one of over 200 Coptic Orthodox Churches in the United States.
History.
St. George Coptic Orthodox Church in Brooklyn, New York, was founded as the second Coptic parish in New York City, and was incorporated by 1973 with only 60 families at the time. The first one was actually St. Mary & St. Antonios Coptic Orthodox Church in Ridgewood, Queens, and, like St. George Church, there were many others to follow. Somewhat farther east, in Long Island, St. Abraam Coptic Orthodox Church was founded by the late 70's to serve the congregation in that region. However, one of the more prominent parishes that was recently founded is St. Mark Coptic Orthodox Church, the first Coptic church that was established in densely populated borough of Manhattan.
Although St. George Church was officially established as of 1973, the first liturgy was actually celebrated on December 31, 1972, after the current building was bought from the American Baptist Church.
Priests.
Fr. Mina K. Yanni served as priest for St. George Church from its early foundations until the present. HH Pope Shenouda III elevated Fr. Mina to the rank of Archpriest on August 16, 1978. Two other priests were eventually ordained and serve St. George Church alongside Fr. Mina. Fr. Armia Taofiles, who has served since Nov. 2000, as well as Fr. Luke Awad, who became priest as of 2005 have been pastors at St. George Church up until the present.
Expansion.
Even as St. George Church mainly served those who settled in Brooklyn, other areas were outreached over the years. Surrounding areas in New York's other boroughs as well as some parts of New Jersey were outreached until churches were built there.
The building at the eastern corner of 11th Avenue and 67th Street in Dyker Heights, being one of the few structures in North America that was bought by the Copts from the beginning of the congregation's establishment, was expanded and redeveloped multiple times:
Publications.
St. George Church published many of the first Coptic Orthodox publications in North America. These publications include the "Coptic Calendar", launched in 1977, as well as the first Agpeya that was translated into English (using the original Coptic texts). Several of Pope Shenouda's books, lectures, and sermons were republished by the church and sent to various places.
On March 20, 1994 the Virgin Mary was said to have blessed St. George Church by seeping holy oil from one of her icons. A special place was constructed for this icon in the church building, which is visited by many Copts and Americans as well.
Today.
Pope Shenouda III visited the congregation three times before its consecration on April 14, 1977, second on April 20, 1989 and on March 12, 1992. Pope Shenouda eventually consecrated the church on Sunday, September 6, 1998.
There are currently over 600 Coptic families served by St. George's Church alone with several others belonging to other Coptic Orthodox congregations throughout New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18813786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813786" title="MISTER">
MISTER

MISTER ("Metropolitan Individual System of Transportation on an Elevated Rail") is a personal rapid transit (PRT) system developed in Poland. It belongs to the group of PRT systems using a carriage suspended by a rail, mounted so its bottom is approximately six metres above the ground. 
Olgierd Mikosza, the inventor of the system, claims that switching rails at intersections will be done at full speed of about 50 km/h, with a minimum spacing of 10 m. In addition, adding new intersections and stops should require very little modification to the current network. The pod's carriage wheels descend to grab the side of a triangular structural truss. To switch to another direction, the wheels on the other side of the carriage descend to grab a track on the other side, and lift the first side away.
Considerable thought has gone into reducing the system's cost. The system reuses existing rights of way. The main tracks are about 10 metres (30 ft.) in the air, so that there is no interference with ground traffic, and the truss can go down the centre of a street. The triangular octahedral truss that forms the track is strong, small, lightweight, sheds snow and is above floods. The tracks provide power, so that the vehicles have no heavy, expensive batteries. The design speed of 50 km/h (30 mph) is slow enough that aerodynamic loads are small. The main disadvantage of the pod design is that it is not very aerodynamic.
The pods ascend and descend at 45-degree angles, using a cogway on the truss. A hinge point at the top of the pod permits a level floor at all times. A small ramp at a station permits access by a wheelchair, bicycle or pallet jack. Access to wheelchairs meets statutory requirements for disabled access. Access to pallet jacks permits revenues from pallets of light cargo, which in some cities can be quite profitable. Only a two by seven metre (7x20 ft.) area on the ground is needed for a minimal station. High traffic stations are possible by parking several pods at an angle to the street. These larger stations need only a five by fifteen metre area (16x50 ft.) to park five pods.
In the Uppsala video, the inventor claims that there is a further plan to disconnect the pod from the overhead rails, and operate it as a dual mode electric vehicle, permitting door-to-door operation.
Currently, Opole and Rzeszów are two cities in Poland involved in including MISTER in their public transit system. The cities did not buy the system, but rather gave permission to install it and collect revenues. The inventor is therefore seeking investors.
According to the Uppsala video, the system competed for the PRT installation to be done in Masdar City, but lost the competition. The system has computer simulations of operations, and a prototype of the pod and rail, but the inventor thinks it probably lost because of its technical immaturity.

</doc>
<doc id="18813795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813795" title="Blues-ette">
Blues-ette

Blues-ette is an album by American trombonist Curtis Fuller recorded in 1959 and released on the Savoy label.
Reception.
The Allmusic website awarded the album 4½ stars stating "Sessions in any genre of music are all too often described as "sublime," but seldom has that description been better deserved than with this relaxed hard bop classic... Any serious jazz collection is incomplete without this record. Period".

</doc>
<doc id="18813796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813796" title="Ed Cermak">
Ed Cermak

Edward Hugo Cermak (March 10, 1882 – November 22, 1911) was a professional baseball player. He played in one game in Major League Baseball for the Cleveland Blues on September 9, 1901. Starting the game in right field, he had four plate appearances and struck out in all four.
Cermak became an umpire after his playing days and was apparently struck in the throat by a foul ball at some point during the 1911 season, losing his speaking ability. When Cermak died late that year, the newspaper in his hometown reported that his death was related to the on-field injury. However, authors Robert Gorman and David Weeks write that Cermak died of tuberculosis and that the throat injury was not listed as a contributing factor on Cermak's death certificate. 

</doc>
<doc id="18813797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813797" title="How I Became Stupid">
How I Became Stupid

How I Became Stupid (originally Comment je suis devenu stupide) is a philosophical novel by French author Martin Page. It was published by Le Dilettante in 2001.
"How I Became Stupid" is Page's first novel. The book won the Euroregional schools’ literature prize, an award given by Belgian, Dutch and German students.
Synopsis.
The protagonist is a young adult named Antoine who grows miserable due to the tragic empathy that his profound intelligence causes him to feel, despite his universal intellectual curiosity. At 25 years old, Antoine is a junior lecturer at the University of Paris V Rene-Descartes. He is an Aramaic scholar with a degree in biology and a master's degree in film on the works of Sam Peckinpah and Frank Capra. 
Throughout the novel, Antoine attempts many different methods of dumbing himself down, so that his mind can be at peace. He tries to become an alcoholic (which fails after he is rushed to the hospital after drinking half a beer), briefly considers suicide, and eventually takes Happyzac pills prescribed to him by Dr. Edgar Vaporski, his close friend and Antoine's doctor of choice since early childhood. 
As he tries to integrate himself into what he considers the uncaring and superficial crowd of society, he forces himself to obsess over his appearance by exercising at the gym, although he also eats at McDonald's and tempts himself with other capitalist merchandise made by unethical means, which loses him his four closest friends as he changes his entire lifestyle. As a result of his spending, Antoine's bank account becomes overdrawn, which leads him to make an unproductive visit to his local unemployment office, where eventually Raphi, a childhood friend, who was convinced to head a stockbroking firm because of Antoine's advice, offers the impecunious Antoine a job as a stockbroker. 
When Antoine's coffee falls on his computer one day, he accidentally earns the company millions of dollars and instantly became a millionaire. As a result, he indulges in vices and debauchery. Antoine goes to a dating service, where the receptionist talks about the science of love and how seemingly objective and superficial it really is. 
Eventually, Antoine gets a visit from Danny Brilliant's premature ghost who, after invading his refrigerator, tells him that his life is in peril. Soon after that, Antoine is kidnapped and subjected to a movie containing the great thinkers, inventors and works of art. His captors, his four best friends, return Antoine to his old self. A young woman, Clemence, approaches him in the park in a way that implies that it was meant to be (she introduces herself as if she were reciting from a script). The story ends when she leads a blind-sighted Antoine into the middle of a road and pushes him off the road right before a car comes by, thus saving his life and being in his life forever.
Themes.
One of the most important themes in the book is the relationship between intelligence and happiness. It confronts and questions the age-old sayings, "Ignorance is Bliss" and "What You Don't Know Can't Hurt You." While Antoine is still sympathetic to the ailments of the human condition and international problems, he is more realistic, and less idealistic, about his role in the grand scheme of things. The novel raises the question: what is the source of happiness? Truth and individuality, or ignorance and conformity.
Many philosophies and bits of wisdom are featured in this book. Gustave Flaubert is perhaps quoted most importantly, in the context of Danny Brilliant singing along to karaoke, as deriding the efforts of conclusion-hungry minds, eager for answers. The metaphor Flaubert draws is one of an intellectual wanting to count the grains of sand on a beach, when he/she should really just walk along the water. Descartes, Madame de Staël, Nietzsche, Pascal and even Kirk Douglas were all referenced in some manner.
Translations.
The book has been translated into 24 languages.

</doc>
<doc id="18813809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813809" title="Histcite">
Histcite

HistCite is a software package used for bibliometric analysis and information visualization. It was developed by Eugene Garfield, the founder of the Institute for Scientific Information and the inventor of important information retrieval tools such as "Current Contents" and the "Science Citation Index". 
A free trial version of HistCite is available from the HistCite web site.
Purpose.
The main purpose of the software is to make it easier for individuals to perform bibliometric analysis and visualization tasks. Bibliometric analysis is the use of the bibliographic information (titles, authors, dates, author addresses, references, etc.) that describe published items to measure and otherwise study various aspects of a specific field of scholarly endeavor. 
Some typical questions asked by bibliometricians that can be answered by HistCite analysis are:
The answers to such questions are valuable to researchers, librarians, and administrators.
Information visualization is the transformation of non-numerical data into a graphic format. Visualization helps various researchers and scholars understand large collections of information. Although there are numerous uses for information visualization, HistCite performs one specific application: it converts bibliographies into diagrams called historiographs. 
A historiograph is a time-based network diagram of the papers in a bibliography and their citation relationships to each other. Historiographs are based on the citation relationships between the papers in a bibliography. In a historiograph, each paper in the bibliography is represented by a symbol selected by the user. The symbols are arranged over a timeline of the publication dates of the papers. By changing the time frame of the analysis, the resulting historiograph can form a snapshot of a specific period or an in-depth look at the total history of a subject. Once a historiograph is created for a bibliography, it is easier to see and understand the subject’s key publication events, their chronology, and their relative influence.
Applications.
A wide variety of professionals who need to analyze the published literature use HistCite for analysis, for example: researchers, historians, journal editors, librarians and patent lawyers.
Operation.
In order to perform its functions, HistCite must import a bibliography from another source. Once the bibliography is imported, basic point-and-click commands initiate the various analyses and visualizations. 
HistCite is currently set up to import bibliographies created by searches of the Web of Science database offered by Thomson-Reuters Scientific. Bibliographies from other sources can be manually entered into HistCite.
The bibliography the user feeds to HistCite represents the literature of the subject area as it is defined by that user’s unique perspective. Thus, the analyses and visualizations produced by HistCite from that bibliography are one-of-a-kind. 
HistCite operates on Windows computers with Internet Explorer.

</doc>
<doc id="18813821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813821" title="Peckham (disambiguation)">
Peckham (disambiguation)

Peckham may refer to any one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18813826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813826" title="St. Joseph's Academy">
St. Joseph's Academy

St. Joseph's Academy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18813833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813833" title="South German Railway Company">
South German Railway Company

The South German Railway Company ("Süddeutsche Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft AG") or SEG was founded on 11 February 1895, in Darmstadt by the railway entrepreneur, Herrmann Bachstein, and several bank managers.
The SEG as the Bachstein Railway.
The majority of shares were owned by the "Bank für Handel und Industrie" in Darmstadt. In 1908 this share was bought out by Hugo Stinnes and other industrialists, who founded the Rhine Westphalia Railway Company ("Rheinisch-Westfälische Bahn-GmbH" or "RWB") in 1909, in order to bring together the numerous tramway operations of the Ruhrgebiet. Major shareholders in the RWB included the city of Essen (48%), the district of Essen (27%) and the "Rheinisch-Westfälische Elektrizitätswerk" or "RWE" (25%).
The SEG was formed by Herrmann Bachstein with the aim of reorganising the railways in the states of Baden and Hesse that were part of the "Hermann Bachstein Branch Line Central Organisation" ("Centralverwaltung für Secundärbahnen Herrmann Bachstein").
Of these, Bachstein initially brought the following Hessian railways into the new company in 1895:
Also included were the steam tramways in Darmstadt, Mainz and Wiesbaden-Biebrich, that provided suburban services, as well as the electric tramway in Essen on the Ruhr, the "Pferdebahn" in Mainz and the Nerobergbahn in Wiesbaden.
Three lines in Thuringia also now belonged to the SEG:
However these were operated by the "Branch Line Central Organisation" not by the SEG itself.
On 8 December 1897, the SEG was expanded again with the following Bachstein railways the Grand Duchy of Baden:
After the "Mainz Tramway" had been sold to the city in 1904, the electric tramway networks in Essen and Wiesbaden remained with the SEG.
In the same year the railway network grew with the addition of the:
On the other hand several railways were hived off by the SEG to other newly founded companies in the following years as follows:
Essen Tramways Dominate.
At this time – on 1 April 1916 - the SEG firm owned branch lines totaling in length, of which were narrow gauge. In addition it owned two important tramway operations in Essen () and Wiesbaden () with a total of of metre gauge lines. In 1919 the Mainz Suburban Line was transferred to the city of Mainz.
Whilst the SEG began to gradually close its tram lines in 1929 due to differences with the city of Wiesbaden, the Essen tramway remained at the heart of the SEG, in which the city of Essen in 1933 had 66% of the shares.
Although early on buses were used as a backup for rail services and to extend the branch lines, they only produced meagre profits compared with the tramways, so that the SEG endeavoured not to renew concessions when they expired. They invited the German Reich to take over the Worms-Offstein Railway, because its concession was running out on 1 December 1936. This offer was answered with a Reich law, according to which the Reich Minister of Transport decree that operations were to continue after the end of the concession period. So the SEG had to carry on supporting all its railways. That said, it was able to improve the profitability of them by and by.
After the end of the Second World War, the SEG was dispossessed of the three railways in Thuringia (AIE, HEE, IGE). In West Germany the branch lines could continue to be operated thanks to the revenue from Essen Tramway operations.
In 1952/53 the SEG came to agreements with the states in which SEG branch lines operated:
Because now only the tramways, whose network at times was over long, and buses in Essen belonged to the SEG, the company was renamed on 29 September 1954, as the Essener Verkehrs-AG (EVAG). This company exists to the present day with standard and metre gauge tramways of length.
SEG Railways.
a) Tramways
b) Private Lines for Public Services
In addition the following formerly belonged to the SEG:

</doc>
<doc id="18813845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813845" title="Uke Clanton">
Uke Clanton

Eucal "Uke" Clanton (February 19, 1898 – February 24, 1960) was a Major League Baseball first baseman who played for one season. Nicknamed "Cat", he played for the Cleveland Indians for one game on September 21, 1922.
Clanton died in an automobile accident in Antlers, Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="18813870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813870" title="William J. McAlpine">
William J. McAlpine

William Jarvis McAlpine (April 30, 1812 New York City - February 16, 1890 New Brighton, Staten Island, Richmond County, New York) was an American civil engineer and politician from New York. He was New York State Engineer and Surveyor from 1852 to 1853.
Life.
He was the son of John H. McAlpine (1783–1865) and Elizabeth (Jarvis) McAlpine (1792–1879). In 1827, he began civil engineering as a pupil of John B. Jervis, with whom he remained until 1836. He was Assistant Engineer of the Mohawk and Hudson Railroad from 1830 to 1831, and of the St. Lawrence Improvement Company in 1832. From 1833 on, he took part in the construction of the Chenango Canal and the enlargement of the Erie Canal, and succeeded Jervis as Chief Engineer of the Eastern Division of the State canals, and was Resident Engineer from 1838 to 1846. From 1846 to 1849 he was Chief Engineer of the dry dock at the Brooklyn Navy Yard. He also designed and built the Albany water works in 1850 and 1851, and the Chicago water works from 1851 to 1854.
As a Democrat, he was New York State Engineer and Surveyor from 1852 to August 1, 1853, when he resigned. 
From 1855 to 1857, he was a New York State Railroad Commissioner. Afterwards he became Chief Engineer and Assistant to the President of the Erie Railroad, and afterwards Chief Engineer and Vice-President of the Galena and Chicago Union Railroad. He was general superintendent of the Ohio and Mississippi Railroad, eastern division for the years 1861 through 1864.
In 1869, he was a member of the Brooklyn Bridge Design Review Committee. In 1886, he was the first Director of the construction of Washington Bridge over the Harlem River in New York City, but resigned after a few months of planning.
He was a member of the American Society of Civil Engineers, and its President from 1868 to 1869. He was the first American elected to membership in the Institution of Civil Engineers of Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="18813871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813871" title="Maurice Fountain">
Maurice Fountain

Gregory Maurice Fountain (born September 22, 1982) is an American football defensive tackle who is a Free Agent of the National Football League. Fountain was first signed by the Manchester Wolves of AF2 as a free agent in 2007. He played college football at Clemson.
Fountain has also been a member of the Utah Blaze, Miami Dolphins, Hartford Colonials, Las Vegas Locomotives, and Seattle Seahawks.
Early years.
As a senior at Camden High School in South Carolina, Fountain, whom friends refer to as "Moe," was a two-time All-Region player for the Bulldogs. He was a key cog on a stingy Bulldogs defense that held opposing offenses to 8.4 points per game in 1999. The Bulldogs would finish with double-digit wins (10-2) for the first time since the 1990 state championship team while earning a share of the Region IV-AAA title. Following the season, Fountain received an invitation to play in the North-South All-Star Game in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina) where he was named MVP.
College career.
Fountain continued to hone his skills at Fork Union Military Academy, earning the Defensive MVP award following the 2000 season before signing with Clemson University (2001–04). While with the Tigers, Fountain earned the Defensive 12th-Man Award along with the Most Improved Defensive End in the Weight Room Award. As a testament to his endurance, Fountain, who played in three bowl games including the win over No. 6 Tennessee in the 2004 Peach Bowl, became the second Tiger in school history to play in 50 games during his career.
Professional career.
After going undrafted by the NFL in 2005, Fountain took some time off from football before resurfacing in the AF2 League, where he had a breakout rookie season with the Manchester Wolves in 2007. During that season, Fountain set a franchise record with 13 sacks and earned several team and league honors before being signed by the Utah Blaze during the AFL free agency period. Fountain finished second on the Blaze in sacks and was named to the AF1 All-Rookie Team in his only season in 2008. Fountain was signed by the Miami Dolphins during 2008 NFL training camps but was released during the final cuts prior to the start of the regular season.
Fountain continues to play professionally in the United Football League (UFL) with the Hartford Colonials. Formerly the New York Sentinels, the team drafted Fountain with their fifth pick in the 2009 "Premiere" Season Draft.
On August 20, 2011, Fountain re-signed with the Seattle Seahawks. He was released on September 3, 2011, re-signed to the Seahawks' practice squad the following day, and then was released from the practice squad on September 6, 2011.
The Philadelphia Eagles signed Fountain to their practice squad on November 22, 2011. At the conclusion of the 2011 season, his practice squad contract expired and he became a free agent. He was re-signed to the active roster on January 2, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18813874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813874" title="Frank Cross (baseball)">
Frank Cross (baseball)

Frank Atwell Cross (January 20, 1873 – November 2, 1932) was an American Major League baseball player in . Nicknamed "Mickey", he played for the Cleveland Blues for one game on May 20. His brothers, Amos and Lave, also played in the Major Leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="18813876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813876" title="Giles, Utah">
Giles, Utah

Giles is a ghost town located along the Fremont River in the Blue Valley of Wayne County, Utah, United States. The town was inhabited about 1883–1919.
History.
In the early 1880s, several settlements in Wayne County were started by Mormon farmers under the leadership of Hyrum Burgess. By 1883 some Burgess family members had moved to the Blue Valley area, constructing a dam and irrigation canal by 1884.
The land along the Fremont River was fertile, and the growing season longer than in western Wayne County. The valley's farming potential soon brought other settlers. The settlement was known as "Blue Valley" for its blue-gray soil, colored by Bentonite clay and Mancos Shale. The town was built on both banks of the river, but most people lived on the south side. A footbridge connected the two halves. A school building was erected in 1888, but a proper townsite was not laid out until June 1895. At that time residents renamed their settlement "Giles", in honor of the late Bishop Henry Giles, who had been one of Blue Valley's most prominent residents. The crops in Giles grew well, and by 1900 the population had increased to 200. A new meetinghouse went up in 1901, said to be the largest in the county. There was a sawmill in the nearby Henry Mountains, and the town included a grocery store, blacksmith shop, and boarding house.
The early 1900s brought frequent devastating floods of the Fremont River. The flooding in 1909–1910 was so severe that local church authorities gave up on trying to maintain a permanent dam. Unable to irrigate their crops, the residents began to leave. By 1919 Giles was a ghost town.
Two rock buildings still stand at the site, and numerous foundations and old corrals show where the town once was.

</doc>
<doc id="18813879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813879" title="Command Airways (South Africa)">
Command Airways (South Africa)

Command Airways was an airline based in Johannesburg, South Africa operating scheduled services from 6 September 1977 to 30 June 1980 and thereafter non-scheduled services only.
History.
Founded on 30 June 1977 and based at OR Tambo International Airport (then known as Jan Smuts Airport) (JNB), Johannesburg, Command Airways was the first scheduled helicopter airline in South Africa and on the African continent. Services between Pretoria Central Heliport (HPR) and Johannesburg began on 6 September 1977. Within a short period, the route system expanded to include Babelegi Industrial Park Heliport (HBL), Iscor Heliport (HIC) and Lanseria Airport (HLA). 
Services linking Sandton City Heliport (HCS) and Johannesburg (JNB) were inaugurated on 19 February 1978. Passenger demand rose quickly and authority to increase flight frequency to Sandton City Heliport was given on 9 April 1979. 
From 1 September 1979, the carrier allied with Magnum Airlines Ltd and rebranded as Magnum Airlines Helicopters. Sandton City Heliport became an active hub for the airline's scheduled services as well as for other charter and industrial aid operators. The noise of intensified operations was a major public concern and a high-profile media focus. Despite joint attempts by helicopter operators to mitigate their environmental impact, the city council ordered Sandton City Heliport closed effective from 30 June 1980. 
The airline again operated as Command Airways, ceased scheduled operations and refocussed on developing its helicopter charter market. Although no longer part of the Magnum Airlines alliance, it maintained other cooperative agreements.
Fleet.
The Command Airways fleet comprised the following aircraft:

</doc>
<doc id="18813893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813893" title="HMS Swallow">
HMS Swallow

Thirty-one ships of the Royal Navy and its predecessors have borne the name Swallow, after the bird, the Swallow:
Two small vessels of the East India Company's naval force also bore the name "Swallow":

</doc>
<doc id="18813895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813895" title="1995–96 Scottish League Cup">
1995–96 Scottish League Cup

The 1995–96 Scottish League Cup was the 50th staging of the Scotland's second most prestigious football knockout competition, also known for sponsorship reasons as the Coca-Cola Cup.
The competition was won by Aberdeen, who defeated Dundee 2–0 in the final at Hampden Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18813909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813909" title="Lee Dashner">
Lee Dashner

Lee Claire Dashner (April 25, 1887 – December 16, 1959) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He played for the Cleveland Naps for one game on August 4, 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="18813911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813911" title="Palencia Cathedral">
Palencia Cathedral

Palencia Cathedral ("Catedral de san Antolín") is situated in Palencia, Spain. It is dedicated to Saint Antoninus of Pamiers.
The cathedral was built from 1321 to 1504 stands over a low vaulted Visigothic crypt (the Crypt of San Antolín). 
It is a large Gothic building, popularly dubbed as "The unknown beauty" because not as well known as other Spanish cathedrals, though, it is a valuable building which has in its interior a large number of works of art of great value.
Its more than 130 metres long, 30 metres high and 50 metres wide at the centre, making it one of the largest cathedrals in Spain and Europe. Its exterior solid, simple and austere does not reflect the grandeur of its interior, with more than twenty chapels of great artistic and historical interest.
The most recognizable on the outside, is the tower, slim but a little rough, considering your Gothic style. Recent studies and excavations show that it was a military tower, and after serving this function were added to their pinnacles and cattail as the sole decoration.
The Cathedral's museum contains a number of important works of art, including a "retablo" of twelve panels by Juan de Flandes, court painter to Queen Isabella I of Castile and El Greco's St. Sebastian" (1576–79).

</doc>
<doc id="18813952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813952" title="Grandpa Danger">
Grandpa Danger


</doc>
<doc id="18813956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813956" title="Mighty Muggs">
Mighty Muggs

Mighty Muggs are a vinyl–plastic collectible toy series made by Hasbro. The toys resemble super deformed versions of characters from the following franchises: "Star Wars", Marvel Comics, "Indiana Jones", "", and "Transformers". There is a line of smaller figures, called Mini Muggs, as well as blank Mighty Muggs for customization.The line has been commercially discontinued, but certain retailers receive exclusive 'continuation' lines, and Comic-Con International 2011 has an exclusive Avengers line.
Figures.
Star Wars.
After Wave 7, the line was discontinued, but two waves were made available through online exclusive waves:
Indiana Jones.
Un-produced figures for the Indiana Jones line include Spalko (Crystal Skull), Saitpo & Toht (Raiders of the Lost Ark), and three versions of Indiana Jones: College Professor, White Tuxedo (Temple of Doom), and Young Boy Scout (The Last Crusade).

</doc>
<doc id="18813964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18813964" title="Palomino Road">
Palomino Road

Palomino Road was an American country music group composed of Ronnie Guilbeau (lead vocals), J.T. Corenflos (guitar), James Lewis (drums) and Randy Frazier (bass guitar). Founded in 1992, the band recorded a self-titled album for Liberty Records, and charted with a cover of George Jones's 1955 debut single "Why Baby Why".
History.
All four members of Palomino Road had experience in country music prior to the band's foundation. Lead singer Ronnie Guilbeau (son of Gib Guilbeau of The Flying Burrito Brothers) had played in that band before a 1980s move to Nashville, Tennessee. J.T. Corenflos, the band's guitarist, was previously a backing musician for Joe Stampley, while Randy Frazier had previously backed Sammy Kershaw and James Lewis had been active as a drummer in Nashville since the 1970s.
Palomino Road signed to Liberty Records in 1992, releasing its self-titled debut album in early 1993. This record featured no contributions from external musicians. Its first single, a cover of George Jones's 1955 single "Why Baby Why", reached number 46 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. The album's second single, "The Best That You Can Do", was released in 1993 but failed to chart. The band broke up later that same year.
In 1994, Frazier joined the band McBride & the Ride as bass guitarist. The lineup with Frazier disbanded in 1996. Corenflos, meanwhile, found work as a session guitarist.
"Palomino Road" (1993).
Track listing.
All songs written by Keith Follesé, Ronnie Guilbeau and Thom McHugh except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18814005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814005" title="Remnants of War (album)">
Remnants of War (album)

Remnants of War is the second album by Helstar released by Combat in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18814008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814008" title="Karl Gratz">
Karl Gratz

Karl Gratz (24 January 1919 – 14 March 2002) was an Austrian born Luftwaffe fighter ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross () during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Gratz flew more than 900 missions, scoring 138 aerial victories, of which 17 were scored on the Western Front.
Career.
"Charlie" Gratz was posted in autumn 1941 to 8./Jagdgeschwader 52 (JG 52—8th squadron of the 52nd Fighter Wing) in Russia, claiming his first air victory in February 1942. During the summer months "Unteroffizier" Gratz claimed some 54 victories and received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. By late 1942 29 more victories had been claimed. After a spell instructing, Gratz was posted in March 1943 to II./Jagdgeschwader 2 "Richthofen" (JG 2—2nd group of the 2nd Fighter Wing) on the English channel front. Gratz claimed 17 air victories in the west. In March 1944 Gratz returned to JG 52, and in January 1945 became "Staffelkapitän" (squadron leader), 10./JG 52. In the last weeks of the war Gratz was particularly successful and claimed 18 victories. After the surrender he was delivered by US military to the Soviet authorities and remained in captivity until 1949.
In around 900 operations, Gratz claimed 138 victories, including 17 in the West of which 3 of them were United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) four engined bombers.
Post-war, his military service in the "Bundeswehr" saw him promoted to "Oberstleutnant". Gratz served in Jagdbombergeschwader 33 (JaBoG 33—Fighter-Bomber Wing 33) flying the Republic F-84F Thunderstreak then under the command of Walter Krupinski. JaBoG 33 was transferred to the Turkish base at Bandırma for shooting and bombing training with live ammunition from 25 May to 31 August 1959. During one of the practice flights Gratz was nearly shot down by his wingman "Leutnant" Dietrich Schultz-Sembten. Schultz-Sembten had mistakenly fired all of his rockets prematurely during the attack run. After the landing, Gratz is quoted with having said: "Schultz-Sembten, you must have gone mad! I have to say one thing, you idiot: If you had hit me, I would have outmaneuvered you and shot you down."

</doc>
<doc id="18814010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814010" title="Church of the United Brethren in Christ (Old Constitution)">
Church of the United Brethren in Christ (Old Constitution)

The Church of the United Brethren in Christ, Old Constitution is that part (a small minority) of the Church of the United Brethren in Christ which withdrew from the larger body in 1889 when the majority group adopted a new constitution. Bishop Milton Wright and a handful of delegates walked out of the General Conference and reconvened nearby as the Church of the United Brethren in Christ, claiming that the other group, by adopting a new constitution, had withdrawn from the denomination.
Until 1946, the two groups were differentiated with a parenthetical "Old Constitution" or "New Constitution". This no longer became necessary when the majority branch merged with the Evangelical Church to form the Evangelical United Brethren Church (which, in 1968, merged into today's United Methodist Church).

</doc>
<doc id="18814025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814025" title="Highwayman (Glen Campbell album)">
Highwayman (Glen Campbell album)

Highwayman is the 35th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1979 (see 1979 in music).
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:
Charts.
Singles - Billboard (United States) 

</doc>
<doc id="18814027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814027" title="Lola ya Bonobo">
Lola ya Bonobo

Founded by Claudine Andre in 1994, Lola ya Bonobo is the world's only sanctuary for orphaned bonobos. Since 2002, the sanctuary has been located just south of the suburb of Kimwenza at the Petites Chutes de la Lukaya, Kinshasa, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Lola ya Bonobo means 'paradise for bonobos' in Lingala, the main language of Kinshasa. In 2012, Lola ya Bonobo was home to 60 bonobos who live in 30 hectares of primary forest.
Typically, bonobos arrive as young infants. The bushmeat trade in Congo sees hundreds of bonobos killed each year for meat and the infants are sold as pets. When confiscated, these infant bonobos are taken to Lola ya Bonobo. They begin life at the sanctuary with close care from a substitute human mother, but are usually quickly ready to be integrated into a peer group, and shortly afterwards into one of the large mixed-age social groups. 
Although the bonobos are captive, they live in an environment similar to the wild. They can forage among dozens of edible plants and fruiting trees, compete for mating opportunities, and learn to avoid dangers such as stepping on venomous snakes just as they would in the wild. As a result, the bonobos at Lola ya Bonobo sanctuary, living in their forested microcosm, show all the naturally occurring behaviors observed in wild bonobos (in fact, they actually display some behaviors such as tool use that have not been observed in the wild).
Because of the living conditions provided, the sanctuary can play a critical role by demonstrating the level of humane treatment that captive apes deserve. The sanctuary also protects wild bonobos because it allows for the enforcement of domestic and international conservation laws aimed at preventing the trade in live bonobos. The sanctuary also acts as a mouthpiece for conservation efforts in DRC by educating thousands of Congolese visitors each year about the value of Congo's natural history, in particular the bonobo – their unique Congolese inheritance. 
Friends of Bonobos.
Friends of Bonobos is a US 501(c)3 charity that supports Lola ya Bonobo sanctuary. It was founded by Claudine Andre and is entirely run by volunteers in the US. Its president, Dominique Morel, is based in Pakistan. Andre met Morel in Kinshasa while she was running the sanctuary in a small forested enclosure in the American school compound where Morel was living.

</doc>
<doc id="18814045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814045" title="Cliff Thornton">
Cliff Thornton

Clifford "Cliff" W. Thornton, Jr. (b.January 16, 1945; Hartford, Connecticut) is an American drug policy reform advocate and Green politician serving as one of the seven current (as of November 2007) co-Chairs of the Green Party of the United States.
Career.
In 2006 Thornton was the Connecticut Green Party's candidate for Governor receiving 9,583 votes for just under one percent of the vote.
In 1995, Thornton founded www.Efficacy-online.org, a non-profit organization, to educate the world about drug policy reform.
Thornton retired from Southern New England Telephone Corporation, in Connecticut in 1997 where he was a middle-level manager.
Thornton ran for Governor of Connecticut in 2006. He was the first African American candidate to appear on the General Election Ballot for Governor of Connecticut.
In the last five years,2003-2008 Thornton has spoken to over 400,000 people on drug reform in some 750 venues all over the US, Australia, Canada, Europe, and New Zealand. Thornton also has completed over 400 hundred radio shows and numerous television spots on drug policy reform as it relates to health, race/class and economics. He is described as "America's foremost anti-Drug War African American activist" by Amherst College's online newspaper. Thornton also speaks on education, and health care.
In 2007, Thornton received the Robert C. Randall Award for Achievement in the Field of Citizen Action from the Drug Policy Alliance.
Thornton and his wife Margaret now live in Glastonbury, Connecticut. He has five daughters and two granddaughters. Thornton, an Army veteran, earned a bachelor's degree in Marketing from Waterbury's Post University in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18814050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814050" title="Cyril Bulley">
Cyril Bulley

Sydney Cyril Bulley (12 June 1907–20 November 1989) was an English bishop. 
He was born on 12 June 1907 and educated at the University of Durham. He began his ministry as a curate at Newark and was then successively vicar of Worksop (1942), Rural Dean of Mansfield (1946), Director of Religious Education in the Diocese of Carlisle and Archdeacon of Westmorland and Furness (c.1950) before his ordination to the episcopate, initially as the Suffragan Bishop of Penrith (1959–1966) and then as Bishop of Carlisle (1966–1972).
A noted author, his works included the autobiographical “The Glass of Time”, published in 1981, “Faith, Fire and Fun”, 1985 and “Glimpses of the Divine”, 1987) He was also a Cumbrian enthusiast. He retired in 1972 and died on 20 November 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18814062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814062" title="Guy Garcia">
Guy Garcia

Guy Garcia (born 16 July 1955 in Los Angeles, CA) is an award-winning journalist, novelist, and multimedia entrepreneur, specializing in multicultural consumerism and socio-economic trends.
Garcia is the current President & CEO of Mentametrix, Inc., a next-generation research, marketing and consulting company that combines: multicultural consumer insight from a sociological phenomenon he coined The New Mainstream, for which he has written a book by the same name; and [2 the predictive power of the Implicit Association Test (IAT) and other online research technologies. 
Garcia was a staff writer at TIME Magazine for 13 years, where he covered business, international and arts & entertainment, including a 1988 cover story on the emerging U.S. Latino culture, featuring famed actor Edward James Olmos. 
He is a former Vice President at AOL, where he launched AOL Latino, the bilingual entity of AOL International, encompassing all 2 million of its Hispanic subscribers. 
A three-time national magazine Awards judge, Garcia serves as a speaker and consultant for major international corporations, including Time Warner, Reebok, The National Ski Aeas Association, Kraft Foods, the Coca Cola Company, Nissan Motors, McKinsey & Co. and the Council on Foreign Relations. He is a nationally recognized expert in multicultural markets and mega-trends, who has appeared on NPR, ABC World News Tonight, CNBC, PBS, and New York One.
He is currently chief consultant to the Warner Bros. Hispanic Marketing Project, The Time Warner Research Council Multicultural Consumer Study, and the PBS/BBC co-production "Latin Music USA", a four-hour documentary on Latin Music and Culture to air in January 2009.
In the mid-90s, Garcia co-founded Total New York, a Silicon Alley start-up and later became the Founding Editor of AOL Digital City, New York.
He currently owns or shares equity in: Mentametrix, Inc., Veritalk, and Montebello Entertainment. He is a member of P.E.N. and an Edward Albee Fellow.
Education.
Garcia earned his M.S. from the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism and his B.A. from the University of California, Berkeley—where he graduated with Phi Beta Kappa honors.
Other publications.
Garcia is a frequent contributor to the New York Times, New York Times Sunday magazine, the LA Times, and the San Francisco Chronicle. His work has been featured in: TIME Magazine, Fortune Magazine, Vanity Fair, Playboy Magazine, Sports Illustrated, Men’s Journal, Rolling Stone, People, Harper’s Bazaar, ELLE Magazine, Spin, Marie Claire, Interview, Premiere Magazine, People en Español, Advertising Age, and the Cable Advertising Bureau.
Consulting & Professional Lecturing.
Garcia’s clients include: Time Warner Inc., Warner Bros., Time Inc., Twentieth Century Fox, CNN, PBS, Turner Broadcasting, AOL, Nissan, Clorox, Hospital Corporation of America, McKinsey & Co., the National Hispanic Corporate Council, the Indianapolis Neighborhood Housing Partnership, the Association of International Educators, and the National Association of Hispanic Advertisers.

</doc>
<doc id="18814071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814071" title="Synthes">
Synthes

Synthes Holding AG (formerly Synthes-Stratec) is a multinational medical device manufacturer based in Solothurn, Switzerland and West Chester, Pennsylvania, United States. It is the world's largest maker of implants to mend bone fractures, and also produces surgical power tools and advanced biomaterials. 
In June 2012 Synthes was sold by its chairman, former CEO and largest shareholder Hansjörg Wyss to Johnson & Johnson for $20.2 billion in cash and stock. 
History.
Synthes was normally established in 1960 as a trademark of the non-profit institute Arbeitsgemeinschaft für Osteosynthesefragen (, AO/ASIF), which was applied to internal fixation implants produced under licence by its industrial partners, Straumann Group and Mathys Medizinaltechnik. In 1975 Synthes USA, a firm founded by Harvard graduate Hansjörg Wyss, became the third company to form an alliance with AO/ASIF, while Straumann and Mathys expanded their coverage around the rest of the world throughout the decade.
In 1990 Straumann spun off its implant business into a separate privately owned company, Stratec Medical. Stratec partially listed its shares on the SWX Swiss Exchange through an initial public offering six years later, while Synthes USA and Mathys remained in private hands. Three years later, however, Stratec and Synthes USA merged to form a new publicly traded company named Synthes-Stratec. After the merger Hansjörg Wyss became, and remained (until the sale to Johnson & Johnson) the majority shareholder of the enlarged company. The third of the original AO/ASIF partner companies, Mathys, sold its osteosynthesis department to Synthes-Stratec in 2004, although the firm's German division was divested to satisfy competition authorities. The company subsequently dropped the "-Stratec" suffix to become simply Synthes. The company's shares were added to the benchmark Swiss Market Index for the first time in September 2004.
In 2006 the company acquired the rights to the Synthes brand name and most of the related intellectual property, including patents, from the AO/ASIF foundation for around CHF1 billion. AO also acquired a stake in Synthes. The two organisations continue to collaborate on relevant issues.
In October 2010, Synthes and its subsidiary Norian both pled guilty to crimes relating to illegally implanting bone cement without FDA approval. Norian will admit to a felony charge of conspiracy to impede FDA functions and pay a $23 million fine. Synthes will then divest Norian.
In November 2010, Synthes acquired USA based privately owned surgical tools maker "The Anspach Effort, Inc", purchase price was not disclosed.
On April 27, 2011, Synthes and Johnson and Johnson DePuy agreed to a merger deal. The merger will create the world's largest orthopedic corporation.
On June 13, 2012 Johnson & Johnson has announced to acquire Synthes $19.7 billion.
Unfortunately the Merge for some Subsidiary like Italy will create jobs losses due to move of Headquarters from Milan to Rome by reason of Business, Depuy Business as Synthes already had.
Products.
The company's product offering spans six divisions, of which four produce implants and related instruments for the treatment of physical trauma, spinal injuries and CMF (craniomaxillofacial) trauma, as well as for osteotomy in animals such as horses and dogs. Synthes' other business segments are the production of surgical power tools and biomaterials used to fill bone defects.
Norian XR Scandal.
In 2009 the U.S. attorney in Philadelphia accused the company of illegally promoting a bone void filler for unapproved uses, running unauthorized clinical trials, and failing to properly report deaths and adverse events related to the product. Between 2002 and 2004, Synthes attempted to promote new uses for a product called Norian XR, a calcium phosphate bone void filler mixed with barium sulfate. The Food and Drug Administration explicitly told Synthes not to promote Norian for certain spine surgeries, but the company pushed forward anyway. At least five patients who had Norian injected into their spines died on the operating-room table.
In 2009 Synthes announced a settlement with the state of New Jersey, over concerns that clinical investigators did not disclose their financial interests. In November 2009 Synthes pleaded guilty to allegations of shipping “adulterated and misbranded” products as part of unlawful clinical trials.
The indictment charges Synthes Inc. with a total of 52 felony counts: conspiracy to impair and impede the lawful functions of the FDA and to commit crimes against the US; 7 counts of making false statements in connection with an FDA inspection; and 44 counts of shipping adulterated and misbranded Norian XR in interstate commerce with intent to defraud.
The parent company, Synthes, was charged with 44 misdemeanor counts of shipping adulterated and misbranded Norian XR in interstate commerce, and the four executives, Michael D. Huggins, Thomas B. Higgins, Richard E. Bohner and John J. Walsh, were each charged with one misdemeanor count of shipping adulterated and misbranded Norian XR in interstate commerce. Synthes Inc. acquired N Spine Inc. in 2007.
From May 2002 until fall 2004 Norian conspired with others, including Synthes and the four named executives, to conduct unauthorized clinical trials of Synthes's medical devices, Norian XR and Norian SRS, in surgeries to treat vertebral compression fractures of the spine (VCFs), a painful condition commonly suffered by elderly individuals.
These surgeries were allegedly performed despite a warning on the FDA-cleared label for Norian XR against this use, and in the face of serious medical concerns about the safety of the devices when used in the spine.
According to the indictment, before the marketing program began, pilot studies showed the company that the bone cement reacted chemically with human blood in a test tube to cause blood clots. The research also showed, in a pig, that leakage of small amounts of Norian XR from the spine into the blood caused clots, which become lodged in the lungs. Notwithstanding this knowledge, the company allegedly proceeded to market the product for VCFs without putting it through FDA-required testing. The company, it is alleged, did not stop marketing the product until after a third patient had died on the operating table.
In late 2011, all four executives received prison sentences ranging from five to nine months.

</doc>
<doc id="18814085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814085" title="Bill Bonness">
Bill Bonness

William John Bonness (December 15, 1923 – December 3, 1977), nicknamed "Lefty", was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He played for the Cleveland Indians from September 26, 1944 to September 29, 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="18814096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814096" title="A-Channel">
A-Channel

A-Channel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18814110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814110" title="Koldun (album)">
Koldun (album)

Koldun () is the debut album from Belarussian singer Dmitry Koldun. Due to the change in producer and label, the album has been postponed many times and the name has changed from "Ангел Под Дождем ()" as it was Koldun's previous producer, Lunev, who named the album. Koldun released the album under his own label Lizard Studios 3 September 2009. On 21 August 2009 Koldun signed a deal with Russian leading media company Soyuz (Union) to produce and sell the album.
2008: Angel in the Rain.
In an interview in August 2008 Koldun finally told the public the name of his previously untitled album. In the interview Koldun mentions that he wrote many songs for the album but perhaps only two will be featured. 
On a Russian music news site, a representative correspondent from InterMedia (Russia) has stated that Koldun has worked on writing his own songs (music and lyrics) and is expected to produce about 20 songs in a more rock style to his current rock pop themed music. The correspondent also stated that it is currently unknown what will happen to these new songs but are likely to remain just as a recording (in Moscow).
Koldun has shown great interest in releasing music in the UK and the US.
The album (under producer Lunev) was planned to feature both English and Russian songs with the possibility of having 12 tracks in total.
Production problems.
The album was slated first to be released on 11 June 2008 (Koldun's birthday) but some minor production problems caused the release to be postponed to autumn 2008. However in 2008 Koldun stopped working with Lunev due to conflicting opinions. Lunev did not want Koldun's own songs being featured on the debut album. Since the dispute Koldun is now his own producer and the album release was pushed to February/March 2009. Koldun has said (translated from Russian) "I was deciding for a long time what to do, but at the end of all I saw this is not going to work out and I decided to be my own producer. To be alone and be able to do with my music what I want."
After more than two years since Koldun was first made popular in Eurovision he announced on his official website that a ceremony will be held on 3 September to celebrate the release of his debut album. News later came of the title of the album "Koldun" a change to its previous title.

</doc>
<doc id="18814111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814111" title="Alice Schroeder">
Alice Schroeder

Alice Schroeder (born December 14, 1956) is an American author, columnist, former senior adviser to Morgan Stanley, and former Wall Street insurance analyst who now serves as an independent board member for Prudential plc. In the first week of October 2008, she published "The Snowball, Warren Buffett and the Business of Life", which debuted as a #1 New York Times bestseller. Since 2008, she has been a columnist for Bloomberg News. In 2008 "BusinessWeek", chose her alongside Ben Bernanke and Hillary Clinton as one of the [http://images.businessweek.com/ss/08/01/0101_25towatch/index_01.htm "People to Watch in 2008." "Snowball" was named a finalist at the 2009 Gerald Loeb Awards for Distinguished Business and Financial Journalism and shortlisted for the Financial Times/Goldman Sachs Book of the Year. 
Early Life and Career.
Alice Lynnette Davey is a native of Dallas, Texas. Her father is a retired lawyer and her mother was a housewife. She has a BBA in finance and an MBA from the McCombs School of Business at the University of Texas at Austin.In 1990, she married Harold Schroeder, a CPA. They divorced in 2006. Schroeder married executive search consultant David Moyer in 2008.[http://www.costcoconnection.com/connection/200810/?pg=21#pg21
Accountant and Regulator.
Schroeder worked as a CPA at Ernst and Young from 1980 to 1991. Until 1993 she was a project manager with the Financial Accounting Standards Board. At the FASB she was responsible for three projects designed to curtail abusive accounting by insurers:
Wall Street.
Schroeder began work on Wall Street in 1994 at broker-dealer Dowling Partners, then moved to CIBC Oppenheimer and PaineWebber before joining Morgan Stanley in 2000. She was ranked as a member of the "Institutional Investor" All-America Research Team for seven years and named the #1 Property-Casualty insurance analyst two years in a row. In 2002. Schroeder was voted one of ‘’Business Insurance’’ magazine's Rising Stars. That year, she was also named analyst/researcher of the year by ‘’The Review,’’ a reinsurance industry publication.[http://www.thereview.biz/thereview/staticResource.jsp?disp_name=TRV_review_worldwide_reinsurance_awards_winners] Schroeder was also considered an expert on the effect of the September 11 attacks on the insurance industry.
Coverage of American International Group.
Schroeder followed AIG closely as an analyst and for years was a strong supporter of the stock. In 2002 she stated that AIG’s CEO Hank Greenberg was so revered that “What investors really want is for Hank to be immortal.”[http://money.cnn.com/magazines/fortune/fortune_archive/2005/08/08/8267642/index.htm] In October 2000, Schroeder declared that market concerns about AIG’s reserves were “overblown.” Subsequently, Greenberg was terminated from AIG at the insistence of New York State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer and five employees of General Re and AIG were indicted in connection with an accounting fraud at AIG that overstated reserves in this and subsequent quarters. The accounting rules violated were those Schroeder oversaw as an FASB project manager in 1993 and 1994. Schroeder testified at the federal criminal conspiracy trial in Hartford, Connecticut and stated that had she known the company’s true financial status it would almost certainly affected her opinion on the stock. The defendants were convicted on all counts and are appealing.
Coverage of MBIA.
In 2002, activist hedge fund manager Bill Ackman challenged bond insurer MBIA's AAA rating calling for a division between MBIA's bond insurers' structured finance business and its municipal bond insurance side. Ackman published a controversial report [http://www.briem.com/files/Ackman_MBIA_12092002.pdf] on MBIA criticizing the company as undercapitalized. He gave Schroeder’s team an early draft and suggested they downgrade MBIA. Schroeder and her colleague Vinay Saqi responded to Ackman’s report, generally supporting Ackman’s thesis. A few months later Morgan Stanley downgraded MBIA. New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer later investigated Ackman’s activities, but no charges were filed. Ackman continued to pursue MBIA until 2008, when rating agencies downgraded the bond insurers.
Meeting Warren Buffett.
Schroeder met Warren Buffett in 1998 when his company, Berkshire Hathaway, acquired General Re, a stock she covered as an analyst. For six years, Schroeder was the only Wall Street sell side analyst to whom Buffett [http://topics.dallasnews.com/topic/Warren_Buffett] spoke. Schroeder’s 1999 PaineWebber report on Berkshire Hathaway was the first significant Wall Street coverage the company received.
Writing The Snowball.
In June 2003, Schroeder, then a managing director at Morgan Stanley, gave up her analyst duties and became an advisory director to the company. At this time, she began to write "The Snowball" with Buffett’s stated cooperation and access to his personal records, an unprecedented level of access. As later recounted in the book, Buffett told Schroeder, where accounts of his life differed, to always use the “less flattering version.” In researching "The Snowball", Schroeder spent 2,000 hours with Buffett and interviewed 250 other people.
Notable Reactions to the Snowball.
"The Snowball" was published September 29, 2008 and debuted at #1 on the "New York Times", "Wall Street Journal" and "Publishers Weekly" lists of hardcover nonfiction best-sellers. New York Times reviewer Janet Maslin called it one of her ten favorite books of 2008. "Time Magazine"[http://www.time.com/time/specials/2008/top10/article/0,30583,1855948_1864143,00.html] and "People" also named "The Snowball" one of the ten best books of the year. Other notable best of the year lists on which "The Snowball" appeared were included those of "Publishers Weekly" The "Financial Times"[http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/92bc4efc-bc1a-11dd-80e9-0000779fd18c.html, "BusinessWeek""USA Today"[http://www.usatoday.com/money/books/2008-12-21-years-best-business-books_N.htm, and "The Washington Post"The book was named a Top 100 Editor’s Pick, the #1 business and investing book, and one of the five best biographies of the year by Amazon.com editors. [http://www.amazon.com/Best-2008-Books-Holidays-Seasonal/b?ie=UTF8&node=1239030011
After the book’s publication, Buffett reportedly stopped speaking to Schroeder, displeased with his portrayal in the book. He canceled the yearly dinner Schroeder hosted in Omaha at which she interviewed him before several hundred people. In a "New Republic" cover story, author Michael Lewis wrote that Schroeder fit neatly into a pattern in which Buffett brought “attractive, intelligent women” into his life, but unlike the rest Schroeder had failed to “shelter and protect” Buffett.
Goldman Sachs Pistols Coverage.
On November 30, 2009, Alice Schroeder published an opinion piece on Bloomberg Newsstating that several Goldman Sachs bankers, in a show of prescience about potential social unrest, had obtained pistol permits. Alice Schroeder based this information on a Freedom of Information Act Letter she had received from the New York City Police Department. The column made fun of Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein for having installed a security gate at his house shortly before the fall of Bear Stearns and used Goldman's [http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2009/jun/21/goldman-sachs-bonus-payments famous economic prescience as a metaphor for the potential perils of government intervention in free markets. In a December 9, 2009, Wall Street Journal blog post [http://blogs.wsj.com/deals/2009/12/09/are-goldman-sachs-bankers-really-carrying-guns/], journalist Susanne Craig reported that New York City Police Department spokesman Paul J. Browne retracted certain earlier information it had earlier given Alice Schroeder, which was part of the basis for the column. Bloomberg has since re-published the column on its website in corrected form.
First Call.
In 2002, Thomson Reuters "First Call", a research database that compiles earnings estimates by Wall Street analysts, agreed to include a broader range and interpretation of the judgment factors that analysts use to estimate earnings after complaints from several brokerage firms. The dispute with "First Call" became public when the "Wall Street Journal" reported that "First Call" had removed Schroeder’s estimate on Chubb Insurance from the database after Schroeder refused to raise her estimate on Chubb to match that of other analysts.

</doc>
<doc id="18814123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814123" title="Ashes to Ashes (David Shankle Group album)">
Ashes to Ashes (David Shankle Group album)

Ashes to Ashes is the debut album from the heavy metal band David Shankle Group. The Japanese version of the album contains two bonus tracks, called "Daydreams" and "Jezebel".

</doc>
<doc id="18814126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814126" title="Frank Boyes">
Frank Boyes

Frank Boyes (January 29, 1874 in South Dorchester, Ontario, Canada – May 28, 1961) was a Canadian politician and cheese maker. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Conservative Party in 1930 to represent the riding of Middlesex East. He was defeated in the 1935 election. He also served for three years as reeve of North Dorchester, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="18814127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814127" title="Saturn's Children (novel)">
Saturn's Children (novel)

"Saturn's Children" is a 2008 science fiction novel by British author Charles Stross. Stross has said that it is "a space opera and late-period tribute" (specifically Heinlein's "Friday"). It was nominated for the 2009 Hugo Award for Best Novel, and was a finalist for the 2009 Prometheus Award.
"Saturn's Children" is the earliest known work of fiction to include the dwarf planet Eris as a setting. Since its publication, other novels have mentioned Eris.
Plot.
The novel describes the travels and perils of Freya Nakamichi-47, a gynoid in the distant future. Humanity is extinct and android society has assumed a near-feudal form, with "aristos" and "arbeiters" (a term from the German word "Arbeiter," worker) having spread throughout the Solar System. Freya, a robotic courtesan at loose ends after the mysterious extinction of the human race (her "One True Love"), becomes a courier for the Jeeves Corporation and learns of a shadowy conspiracy to overturn, or perhaps even control, android society. Soon she is on the run with her identity and her very existence threatened.
Inspiration.
The novel includes numerous references to the works of Isaac Asimov and Robert Heinlein, especially to Asimov's Three Laws of Robotics, which were not used for controlling the robot society because of loopholes, and Heinlein's novel "Friday", as the protagonist is an artificial woman, designed and trained to make love to humans and meet their every erotic desire, in a time when none exist, and any near match overwhelms her with lust and romantic longing. Freya and her kind are condemned to an existence without love, and must face suicidal despair and the murderous whims of their rulers alike.
She travels extensively at the bidding of a mysterious "Boss," and impersonates an aristocrat traveling on a spaceship as part of a mission in which she carries a mysterious egg tied to a plot to overthrow an empire. She also has a relationship to a man named "Pete." Even her name (Freya) hints at Heinlein's novel, and she is actually called "Friday" at one point, likely as a joke.
Sequel.
A sequel to "Saturn's Children" was released on July 2, 2013, called "Neptune's Brood".

</doc>
<doc id="18814134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814134" title="Saurodon">
Saurodon

Saurodon ("Lizard Tooth") is an extinct genus of Ichthyodectid fish from the Cretaceous.
"Saurodon leanus" is known to occur as early as the late Coniacian through the Santonian, in the Late Cretaceous. It was a large, predatory fish, with a length of more than 2.5 m.

</doc>
<doc id="18814173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814173" title="Krupp 7.5 cm Model 1903">
Krupp 7.5 cm Model 1903

The Krupp 7.5 cm Model 1903 was a field gun used by a number of European armies in both World War I and World War II. The Model 1903 was a "stock gun" from Krupp that could be supplied to customers on short notice with minor alterations to suit the customers needs.
Romania acquired 636 of these guns and used them with a more sophisticated sighing device (than the one offered by the Germans) made locally, known as the Ghenea-Korodi sight. By number of guns, this was largest import of a single type of cannon ever made by Romania. It was the mainstay of the Romanian field artillery in World War I, equipping all artillery regiments of the Romanian infantry divisions. The number of these guns in Romanian service had decreased to 312 by 1926. The Romanians used them until 1942, although by this time they had become obsolete. 
The Model 1903 was also bought by Denmark and the Netherlands and used in World War II. The Model 1903 also formed the basis for the Type 38 75 mm Field Gun used by Japan. In Danish service it was known as the 03 L/30 and doesn't appear to have been modified in any significant way before World War II. 
The Dutch bought some 204 of the slightly earlier Kanone M.02/03 and purchased a production-license as well. 120 appear to have been manufactured in the Netherlands, where it was known as the 7-veld. During the 1920s, the Dutch rebuilt their guns to increase their elevation. At least 16 were modified for motorized traction, presumably with steel wheels and pneumatic tires, for service with the Light Division. Gander and Chamberlain claim there were three almost identical versions, the M 02/04 vd, OM 04 and NM 10, but this has not been confirmed. The Germans designated these guns as the 7.5 cm Feldkanone 243(h) after the Battle of the Netherlands.
Danish guns were known in German service as the 7.5 cm Feldkanone 240(d).

</doc>
<doc id="18814180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814180" title="Thomas Carey">
Thomas Carey

Thomas Carey or Tom Carey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18814189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814189" title="Hellborn (album)">
Hellborn (album)

Hellborn (album) is the second album from the heavy metal band David Shankle Group. Other than David Shankle himself, the entire band line-up is different from that of the debut album. "The Voyage" features guest guitar solos by TD Clark, Joe Stump and Michael Angelo Batio.

</doc>
<doc id="18814190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814190" title="San Base">
San Base

San Base (December 1, 1956 in Russia) is a contemporary Canadian artist specializing in generative art.
He graduated from school of Fine Arts in 1974, and received his PhD in Cybernetics from the Technical University in 1979.
Life and work.
San Base used to work out complex computer codes in various visual applications when he began to see a possibility of combining his long standing interest in art with sophisticated mathematical approaches, and thus employing new electronic media for his artistic creations.
In 2002 San Base devised his "Dynamic Painting" algorithm, which allowed him to place an art object on a computer screen and make it not static, but changing and transforming with time. Dynamic Painting technology uses powerful video cards to generate real-time images that rival those seen in conventional contemporary painting.
Since 1996 San Base lives and works in Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="18814221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814221" title="The Amateur Cracksman">
The Amateur Cracksman

The Amateur Cracksman was the original short story collection by E.W. Hornung featuring his most famous character A. J. Raffles, a gentleman thief in late Victorian Great Britain. It was first published in 1899. The book was very well received and spawned three follow-ups, two more short story collections The Black Mask (1901), A Thief in the Night (1904) and a full-length novel Mr. Justice Raffles in 1909.
Arthur Raffles is a prominent member of London society, and a national sporting hero. As a cricketer he regularly represents England in Test matches. He uses this as a chance to commit a number of burglaries, primarily stealing valuable jewelry from his hosts. In this he is assisted by his friend, the younger, idealistic Bunny Manders. Both men are constantly under the surveillance of Inspector Mackenzie of Scotland Yard who is always thwarted in his attempts to pin the crimes on Raffles. 
In the final story The Gift of the Emperor, Raffles is called into service on behalf of the Foreign Office who wish to recover a valuable pearl from a German diplomat staying in England. However, this is only in the TV adaptation; in the book he is working entirely for his own profit.
The short stories included in the collection are:

</doc>
<doc id="18814222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814222" title="USS Cuttyhunk Island (AG-75)">
USS Cuttyhunk Island (AG-75)

USS "Cuttyhunk Island" (AG-75/AKS-23) was a "Belle Isle"-class miscellaneous auxiliary acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. "Cuttyhunk Island" was built as the war was coming to an end, and was used as a transport. She was later classified as a stores ship and eventually scrapped.
Constructed at Portland, Maine.
"Cuttyhunk Island" (AG-75) was launched 26 November 1944 by New England Shipbuilding Corporation, South Portland, Maine, under a U.S. Maritime Commission contract; sponsored by Mrs. M. M. Dayo.
World War II-related service.
"Cuttyhunk Island" was acquired by the Navy 7 December 1944; outfitted at Eureka Shipbuilding Corp., Newburg, New York; and commissioned 1 September 1945, Lieutenant Commander N. G. Hole-man, USNR, in command.
"Cuttyhunk Island" departed Norfolk, Virginia, 24 November 1945 to carry troops from Bermuda to Boston, Massachusetts.
Post-war decommissioning.
She reported to Orange, Texas, 31 January 1946, and there was placed out of commission in reserve 3 May 1946. She was reclassified General Stores Issue Ship "AKS-23", 18 August 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="18814234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814234" title="Deghdzavan">
Deghdzavan

Deghdzavan () is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia. Established in 1973, Deghdzavan was initially incorporated within the Archis region of Noyemberyan.

</doc>
<doc id="18814251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814251" title="Buddy Booker">
Buddy Booker

Richard Lee "Buddy" Booker (born May 28, 1942 in Lynchburg, Virginia) is a former Major League Baseball catcher who played for two seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians in 1966 and the Chicago White Sox in 1968.
Earned most of his prep accolades as a William Campbell High School basketball player. He broke the Virginia state scoring record with 719 points during the 1960 season. 
He was a Carolina League All-Star in 1962 with the Burlington Indians, and after some short stints in Low-A ball, he advanced to Triple-A. Booker retired from the Milwaukee Brewers’ organization in 1974.
He was the President of Brookneal Dixie Youth baseball for seven years. Booker later received the Brookneal Town Council Good Citizen Award for his work with Dixie Youth and Babe Ruth baseball.
Booker was one of six inductees into the Lynchburg Area Sports Hall of Fame on June 20, 2007

</doc>
<doc id="18814266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814266" title="Alaska Gold Rush (disambiguation)">
Alaska Gold Rush (disambiguation)

Alaska Gold Rush may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18814267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814267" title="Contiguous gene syndrome">
Contiguous gene syndrome

A contiguous gene syndrome (CGS), also known as a contiguous gene deletion syndrome is a clinical phenotype caused by a chromosomal abnormality, such as a deletion or duplication that removes several genes lying in close proximity to one another on the chromosome. The combined phenotype of the patient is a combination of what is seen when any individual has disease causing mutations in any of the individual genes involved in the deletion. While it can be caused by deleted material on a chromosome, it is not, strictly speaking, the same entity as a segmental aneuploidy syndrome. A segmental aneuploidy syndrome is a subtype of CGS that regularly recur,usually due to non-allelic homologous recombination between low copy repeats in the region. Most CGS involve the X chromosome and affected male individuals.
One of the earliest and most famous example of a CGS involves a male patient with Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD), chronic granulomatous disease (CGD), retinitis pigmentosa and intellectual disability. When it was discovered that an X chromosome deletion (specifically Xp21) was the underlying cause of all of these features, researchers were able to use this information to clone the genes responsible for DMD and CGD.
One of those more common CGS involves a deletion on the X chromosome (near Xp21) that encompasses "DMD" (causing Duchenne muscular dystrophy), "NROB1" (causing X-linked adrenal hypoplasia congenita) and "GK" (causing glycerol kinase deficiency). These patients will have all the common features of each individual disease, resulting in a very complex phenotype. Deletions near the distal tip of the p arm of the X chromosome are also a frequent cause of CGS. In addition to the previously described CGS that occur on the X chromosome, two other common syndromes are Langer-Giedion syndrome (caused by deletions of "TRPS1" and "EXT1" on 8q24 and WAGR syndrome (caused by deletions on 11q13 encompassing "PAX6" and "WT1".)

</doc>
<doc id="18814287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814287" title="Portus Lemanis">
Portus Lemanis

Portus Lemanis was the Latin name of an ancient Roman fort, settlement and port in southern Kent. The modern village of Lympne derives its name from the ancient port.
History.
The first documentary mention of the site is found in the late 3rd century Antonine Itinerary, where it is mentioned as lying 68,000 paces (68 Roman miles) from Londinium (London) and 16,000 paces from the cantonal capital Durovernum Cantiacorum (Canterbury). However, there is archaeological evidence of much earlier use as a naval base: tiles stamped "CL BR" have been found indicating that sailors or marines of the fleet, the "Classis Britannica", were involved in its construction, as well as an inscription dated to the first third of the 2nd century ("RIB" 66) on an altar stone, dedicated to the god Neptune by a Lucius Aufidius Pantera, prefect of the "Classis Britannica". According to the 5th century "Notitia Dignitatum" (probably recording the situation in the late 4th century), the fort was garrisoned by a regiment raised in Tournai ("numerus Turnacensium") and formed part of a defence system known as the Saxon Shore under the command of a Count. The last mention of Lemanis in Latin sources is in the late 7th century Ravenna Cosmography, by which time the site, along with the rest of Britain, had long been severed from the Roman Empire.
Location and construction.
The fort stood on a hill overlooking a reach of sea which has since been drained to form the Romney Marsh. A harbour lay to the south and east. A "vicus" (civilian settlement) had also sprung up in its proximity, situated astride the road that led to Canterbury.
The construction of the Saxon Shore-era fort can be dated to the late 270s, as is evidenced by its late-style characteristics, including forward-projecting towers. The remains are in poor condition, since the ground, mostly clay, has at places given way. The southern side of the fort is wholly missing, and elsewhere the remains have been moved at various angles, while little evidence of interior structures (remains of a bath and possibly the "principia") survives. The site is still relatively unknown: the only major archaeological excavations were carried out by Roach Smith in 1850 and 1852.
The remains of the main rampart show a strong construction ca. 3.9 m wide, and surviving sections are still between 6 and 8 m in height. The wall is built of recycled material from earlier structures and bonded with bands of brick, which include several roofing tiles. Originally, the fort may have had ca. 14 towers. A single main gate survives towards the east, as well as several posterns. Its shape may have been an irregular pentagon, which covered an area of ca. 3,4 ha; but this shape would be unusual for Roman forts, especially in the Saxon Shore system.
The site, long known locally as Stutfall Castle, is on private land and may not be visited, but a fairly good view can be obtained at a distance from a public footpath running along the escarpment, and another view from a poorly maintained footpath to the west (erroneously shown on the Ordnance Survey map as running through the centre of the remains).

</doc>
<doc id="18814299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814299" title="European route E117">
European route E117

The E 117 is part of the International E-road network, which is a series of main roads in Europe.
The E 117 starts from Mineralnye Vody, Russia, via the Georgian Military Road to Georgia's capital Tbilisi, via the Armenian capital Yerevan and on to Megri on the border of Iran. It runs for a total distance of .
Between Mineralnye Vody and Beslan, it is identical with E 50 and Russian highway M29.
Major towns and cities on the E 117 are:

</doc>
<doc id="18814303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814303" title="Tal Shahar">
Tal Shahar

Tal Shahar (, "lit." Dawn Dew) is a moshav in central Israel. Located near Gederot, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. According to the 2009 census it had a population of 1,057.
The village was established in 1948 by immigrants from Greece, Poland and Turkey. It was named after Henry Morgenthau, Jr. (Morgenthau is German for Morning Dew) The village itself was founded in order to protect the line of traffic to Jerusalem, as well as to other cities and is therefore located at a very central spot in Israel.
Although the original founders were from Greece, Poland and Turkey, many of them moved out. Today, Tal Shahar's population consists of people from over 10 different origins, most common of which are (besides the first three) Yemenite, Romanian, Persian and Moroccan. 

</doc>
<doc id="18814325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814325" title="Red Booles">
Red Booles

Seabron Jesse “Red” Booles (July 14, 1880 – March 16, 1955) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He played for the Cleveland Naps from July 30, 1909 to August 20, 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="18814327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814327" title="Brian Retterer">
Brian Retterer

Brian Retterer (born 1972) is a retired American swimmer specialising in freestyle and backstroke events. He swam under Skip Kenney and Ted Knapp while at Stanford, and prior swam at Reno Aquatic Club in Sparks, Nevada.
He is best known for 15 NCAA titles while swimming at Stanford University, most all time for swimming. He is 1 of 2 swimmers in NCAA history that have won a national title in all 5 relays (Shawn Jordan is the other). He was part of Stanford's recruiting class which was the greatest in swimming history, with Derek Weatherford, Tyler Mayfield, Eddie Parenti, Trip Zedlitz, Bill Schell, & Bob Eastlack. 
He was the first person ever to break 46 seconds in the 100yd backstroke and at one time held 7 of the 10 fastest times ever in that event. He set the National Age Group record in the 17-18 in the 100 & 200 yard backstroke (when swimmers were required to touch the wall with their hands prior to a turn). He was part of Stanford 1992, 93, 94 NCAA championships teams. He set the American Record & US Open record in the 100yd & 200yd backstroke numerous times from 1992 to 1995. He also had the fastest 50yd free split ever (18.56) which stood for nearly 14 years. 
Brian was inducted into Stanford University Hall of Fame.
International competition he did well also. He won a silver medal at the 1993 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Kobe, Japan, in 1994 he won a gold medal in the 400 Medley relay at World Championships in Rome, Italy, in 1995 finished 9th place at the 1995 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Atlanta, GA, in 1996 finished 3rd at the US Olympic Trials, in 1997 won a the silver medal in the men's 100m backstroke event at the Short Course World Championships in Gothenburg, Sweden. 
His career was mostly likely cut short due to nagging shoulder problems which forced him to red-shirt during college and have major surgery just before the Olympic Trials in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18814341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814341" title="Frit compression">
Frit compression

Frit compression is the technique used to fabricate buckypaper and buckydiscs from a suspension of carbon nanotubes in a solvent. This is a quick, efficient method over surfactant-casting or acid oxidation filtration of carbon nanotubes.
Background.
Traditional methods of buckypaper production involves the use of surfactants to disperse carbon nanotubes into aqueous solutions. It was found that filtering this suspension allowed the nanotubes to pack together in a paper-like mat, thus coining the term “buckypaper” (bucky being the reference to the buckminsterfullerene molecule). The problem was the difficulty in removing the surfactant afterwards, where the surfactant has been linked with cell lysis and tissue inflammation.
Acid oxidation of carbon nanotubes can also be used in filtration to form buckypaper, but requires a high degree of surface acidic groups in order to obtain efficient dispersal in aqueous solution.
Synthesis.
An alternative casting method was developed in 2008 to produce buckypaper that did not require the use of surfactants or the acid oxidation of carbon nanotubes in order to obtain high-purity buckypaper for biomedical applications.
The frit-compression system was adapted from a Solid phase extraction (SPE) column, where a suspension of carbon nanotubes is squeezed between two polypropylene frits (70 micrometre pore diameter) inside a syringe column. The pore structure of the frit allows a rapid exit of the solvent leaving the carbon nanotubes to be pressed together. The presence of the solvent controls the interaction between the tubes allowing the formation of tube-tube junctions; its surface tension directly affects the overlap of adjoining nanotubes thus gaining control over the porosity and pore diameter distribution of buckypaper. The distribution of carbon nanotubes in solvent does not have to be a stable suspension, rather a general dispersion serves much easier to keep the nanotubes between the frits rather than pass through them.
Once the system is compressed, the frit-carbon nanotube sandwich is removed from the syringe housing and allowed to dry. The frits can then be removed to leave intact buckypaper. This methodology rapidly speeds up the casting process, avoids use of surfactants and acid oxidation, and the solvent can be fully recovered.
Variety.
The cross-sectional geometry of the syringe housing will determine the final structure of the buckypaper and the amount of carbon nanotubes added to the column will affect the height of the carbon nanotube mat. Although there is currently no formal classification for paper, discs and columns, it was deemed necessary to differentiate between the different structures obtained for research purposes.
Buckypaper.
Typically, cylindrical columns are used with a few milligrams of carbon nanotubes in a solvent. This generates buckypaper with a circular cross-section and film heights of a few hundred micrometres. Buckypaper is usually a class of carbon nanotube mats with depths from 1 to 500 micrometres.
Buckydiscs.
Buckypaper with a height that is larger than 500 micrometres (0.5 mm) is called a buckydisc, being thicker than buckypaper and not paper-like. Moreover, when casting in water, the edges of the film can lift due to surface tension effects of the remaining solvent in the system that can pull carbon nanotubes closer together.
Buckycolumns.
Buckydiscs with heights larger than 1 mm can be referred to as buckycolumns. These carbon nanotube monoliths often exhibit hyperboloid geometries and are highly compressible 
Buckyprism.
It is possible to use square housing to generate square cross sections, known as buckyprisms.

</doc>
<doc id="18814342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814342" title="Zekharia">
Zekharia

Zekharia () is a moshav in central Israel. Located near Beit Shemesh, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 715.
The village was established in 1950 by immigrants from Kurdistan on land formerly part of the village of Az-Zakariyya. Both were named after the Hebrew prophet Zechariah.

</doc>
<doc id="18814346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814346" title="FantaCo Enterprises">
FantaCo Enterprises

FantaCo Enterprises was an American comic book store and publishing company founded and created by Thomas Skulan and based in Albany, New York. As a publisher, FantaCo was known for its idiosyncratic line-up of mostly black-and-white titles, including the humorous "Hembeck Series" and the horror title "Gore Shriek". FantaCo also published "The Chronicles Series", created by Thomas Skulan, edited by Mitch Cohn and Roger Green, which catalogued top-selling Marvel Comics titles. In its later years, FantaCo published mostly horror comics and a small number of "good girl art" . 
FantaCo began as a mail order company and comic book store before branching out into publishing books, magazines, and comics. From 1979 through 1990, it also hosted FantaCon, a popular Albany-area comics and horror convention. After a 23-yr hiatus, the company founder, Thomas Skulan, launched FantaCon's revival, which took place on September 14 and 15, 2013, at the Marriott Hotel, 189 Wolf road, Albany, NY 12205. Due to Mr. Skulan's established reputation, the City of Albany, including Mayor "Jerry" Jennings, wholeheartedly embraced and promoted the event with two additional days of events on September 12th and 13th. Mayor Jennings graciously offered to kick-off the event at The Palace Theatre, followed by the official 45th Anniversary showing of the original 1968 cult classic film "Night of the Living Dead". Following the film, some of the original cast members were on stage for an intimate Q&A session. The cast members present were: Russ Streiner, Judith O'Dea, George Kosana, Judith Ridley, John Russo and Kyra Schon
Publishing history.
FantaCo Enterprises began in 1978 as a mail order company and comic book store. They were located at 21 Central Avenue in Albany, NY. Many of the store's employees, including publisher/owner/editor Tom Skulan, Mitch Cohn, Roger Green, and Raoul Vezina, worked on FantaCo titles in many creative capacities. (Vezina drew "Smilin’ Ed" from 1980 until his death in 1983.)
Comics.
The company made its mark in the early 1980's with "The Hembeck Series", seven volumes of comics by Fred Hembeck. These magazine-sized black-and-white books poked loving fun at the mainstream comics industry, with Hembeck himself appearing as a cartoon interlocutor with the superheroes he interviewed. During this period, FantaCo also published "The Fantaco Chronicles Series", edited by Mitch Cohn and Roger Green, which exhaustively documented popular Marvel Comics titles such as the "X-Men", "Fantastic Four", "Daredevil", "Avengers", and "Spider-Man". A two-issue series was published during this period, "Gates of Eden", which featured comics about the 1960's by an impressive array of talent, including John Byrne, Steve Leialoha, Michael T. Gilbert, Trina Robbins, Hembeck, Foolbert Sturgeon, P. Craig Russell, Rick Geary and Spain Rodriguez.
1986 saw the debut of the horror anthology "Gore Shriek", initially edited by Thomas Skulan, and later issues by Stephen R. Bissette, who also contributed stories to each issue. Besides Skulan and Bissette, other "Gore Shriek" creators of note included Greg Capullo, Bruce Spaulding Fuller, Eric Stanway and Gurchain Singh. "Gore Shriek" Volume 1 ran for three years, and is still fondly remembered by horror fans as one of the top comics in that genre. "Gore Shriek Delectus" (1989) collects much of the best material from the first volume.
FantaCo revived "Gore Shriek" in 1990 and started a new line of horror and zombie-related titles and one-shots. This period was noteworthy for the career jump-starts it gave to young creators like Chynna Clugston ("Bloodletting") and Steve Niles and Jim Whiting ("King of the Dead", "Kill Me Slowly", "Scab", and "Uptown Zombies"), Steve Niles ("Night of the Living Dead: London")
FantaCo/Tundra.
From 1991-1994, the company co-published a number of Kevin Eastman projects with Eastman's company Tundra Press. Books under the FantaCo/Tundra imprint included "Infectious", "No Guts or Glory", and "Zombie War". These projects petered out once Tundra folded in 1993. However, as of October 2013, Eastman and Skulan have revived "Zombie War" in full color under the IDW imprint, with a graphic novel to be released in the summer of 2014.
Books and magazines.
FantaCo published books and magazines in addition to comics. Their first book being "Mug Shots" in 1980, a book of cartoons by John Caldwell. Later on, FantaCo published more trade books on the subjects of horror films; splatter films; exploitation films; an early guide to horror, science fiction, and fantasy films on videocassette; and even a straight-ahead horror novel, "Ninth and Hell Street". John McCarty authored three books published by FantaCo, and Chas Balun wrote four. 
In a similar horror vein, they put out the "FantaCo Horror Yearbook and Price Guide" every year from 1978 until 1996; magazines like "Barbara Steele: An Angel for Satan", "Demonique 4", and the "Comics Enquirer"; twelve issues of "Dread: The Official Clive Barker Newsletter" in 1992–1993; and Clive Barker and "Zombie War" commemorative card sets.
The book "Amazon Women: The Art of Tom Simonton," edited by Tim D'Allaird, was FantaCo's final publication in the 1990's, right on the eve of their storefront closure in 1998. Mr. Skulan went into semi-retirement and FantaCo Enterprises remained dormant 2013.
FantaCon.
Publisher, creator, writer and editor, Thomas Skulan, also hosted FantaCon, a popular Albany-area horror convention and comic book convention that was preferred by many to the "over-crowded Fangoria events." FantaCon commanded the comic and horror genres from 1979 to 1990. Plans, including a guest lineup, have been announced for a revived FantaCon to take place Sept. 14 and 15, 2013 at the Marriott Hotel, 189 Wolf Road, Albany, NY, 12205.
Storefront closure.
With the mid-90s bursting of the speculation bubble, combined with the decline in demand for comic books, in general, in conjunction with an untenable situation with a large corporate distributor, Skulan decided to close the storefront. From about 1995, their titles shifted to the good girl art of Tom Simonton's "Amazon Woman" comics, and titillating titles like "Babes & Biomechanics", "Lady Dracula", and "Dead Chicks in Lace: Bloodletting Lingerie Special".

</doc>
<doc id="18814395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814395" title="Missile Gap">
Missile Gap

"Missile Gap" is a 2006 English language science fiction novella, originally published in the anthology "One Million A.D." by British author Charles Stross. It won the Locus Award for best novella of 2006. The novella was republished in Stross's short-story collection "Wireless" in 2009.
Plot.
On 2 October 1962, the universe underwent a change – instantly, the continents of the Earth were no longer wrapped onto a spherical planet but were on the surface of an Alderson disk. Measurements on Cepheid variable stars indicate that the Alderson disk is located in the Lesser Magellanic Cloud, and that the epoch is roughly 800,000 years later than the calendar date (give or take 100,000 to 200,000 years). In the sky, the stars of the Milky Way are reddened and metal-depleted, evidence that it is now controlled by a Type-III civilisation capable of controlling the resources of an entire galaxy. Three theories for the change are suggested within the novella:
The first hypothesis would indicate that the characters of the book are the original humans of the 20th century Earth. The latter two hypotheses would indicate that the characters of the book are "duplicates" of humans that lived and died thousands of years previously. The creatures that moved or copied humanity are unknown, as is the technology they used and the purpose for their action.
Because of the projection of a spherical surface onto a flat surface, some changes occur: North America is now much farther from Asia, as there is no polar route. Furthermore, launching an artificial satellite into orbit becomes impossible, and chemical-fuelled ICBMs are no longer capable of reaching other continents. The gravitational attraction in the near field of an Alderson disk does not drop away according to the inverse-square law but is approximately constant and perpendicular to the disk, so missile trajectories become parabolic rather than segments of elliptical orbits. Thus, both the strategic bomber and ICBM "legs" of the nuclear triad are no longer feasible so nuclear deterrence breaks down, and the Soviet Union takes advantage of this to conquer much of Western Europe. The deterrent role is taken over by long-range nuclear-powered cruise missiles.
Cold war tensions between the two super states provide the in-between plot direction. There are several sub-plots – the exploration of the new world by both superpowers forms much of the major plot.
Yuri Gagarin captains a huge, nuclear-powered Ekranoplan on behalf of the Soviets, whilst the Americans launch cruise liners filled with colonists for distant islands. On one such island, Madelaine Holbright (initially a housewife) begins an affair with John Martin, an entomologist who is almost fatally stung by native termites which begin to display signs of intelligence. During his travels, Gagarin turns up further examples of "Earths" far away from the currently inhabited areas, with cities that have clearly been destroyed in nuclear war in the distant past.
A character named Gregor seems to be highly connected with the American Government, and is later shown to be in fact an advanced alien termite with pheromone control, and is guiding the transplanted humanity towards nuclear destruction, to clear the path for the "mock aboriginal termites" that have previously stung Martin. Eventually Gregor is successful, and humanity is destroyed in a nuclear exchange – Gregor's intelligence is saved and it is heavily implied that not only has this happened before, but that it will happen again, supporting (but not actually confirming) the second two of the suggested theories.
To explain plot sections and provide background information, Stross makes use of themes that recur in his works – the use of security clearance briefings, and codewords to infer secret levels of information – COLLECTION and RUBY for Missile Gap
Reception.
"Publishers Weekly" described the novella as a "blend of 1900s H. G. Wells and 1970s propaganda, updated for the 21st century in the clear, chilly and fashionably cynical style that lets Stross get away with premises that would be absurdly cheesy in anyone else's hands." Carl Hays in his review for "Booklist" called the novel a "bizarre, nevertheless brilliant alternate-history novella featuring a protracted U.S.–Soviet cold war."

</doc>
<doc id="18814397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814397" title="Fiat Lux (band)">
Fiat Lux (band)

Fiat Lux were an English synthpop band formed in Wakefield, Yorkshire, England, in 1982, by Steve Wright (vocals) and David P Crickmore (guitars, bass, keyboards). Ian Nelson (sax, keyboards), younger brother of Be-Bop Deluxe guitarist and lead vocalist Bill Nelson, joined shortly afterwards, complementing the classic line-up of the band, who remained until the mid-1980s, when Crickmore departed.
History.
Wright and Crickmore attended Bretton Hall College, Wakefield, where they studied drama, meeting after the first joined the latter's New Wave band, Juveniles (whose two songs were released in a various artists compilation called "Household Shocks"). Wright later joined theatre company Yorkshire Actors where he met musician Bill Nelson. After impressing him with a demo tape, Nelson produced one of the demo's tracks, "Feels Like Winter Again", b/w "This Illness" and released it on his Cocteau Records label in November 1982, by which time Nelson's brother Ian had joined the band. "Feels Like Winter Again" gained the band radio airplay and led to them signing a record deal with major label Polydor and subsequent support slots with Howard Jones. The band had minor UK chart hits with "Secrets" and "Blue Emotion", which were followed by the mini album "Hired History" in August 1984. They made several TV appearances, including a performance on "Old Grey Whistle Test". There was also a long format video release "Commercial Breakdown", which included live versions of the shelved tracks for their debut full-length Polydor album.
Crickmore departed after the chart failure of their fifth Polydor single release 'House Of Thorns' and the band continued recording some songs with session musicians, before disbanding in 1985. 
Wright joined Camera Obscura, replacing Nigel James, and formed Hoi Poloi, another short-lived pop group. He then abandoned the music industry to become a television director. Crickmore dedicated to more experimental projects through the remaining 1980s, culminating in an album on the London based independent record label, Yellow Moon Records, "Lettuce Spay" under the name This. In the 1990s he rediscovered his love of folk and roots music and became a founder member of The Durbervilles. From 2005 The Durbevilles became radio presenters with a weekly folk and roots show on BBC Radio Leeds. Ian Nelson continued to work with his brother Bill, joining the line-up of Be-Bop Deluxe, in the early 1990s; he died in his sleep on 23 April 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18814399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814399" title="10.5 cm Feldhaubitze M.12">
10.5 cm Feldhaubitze M.12

The Krupp 10.5 cm Haubitze M.12 () was a howitzer used by Romania in World War I. 60 were bought from Krupp before World War I. They appear to have lingered in Romanian service into World War II. Guns captured by the Bulgarians appear to have been placed into service, although they seem to have been out of service by the outbreak of World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="18814407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814407" title="Adrian Radley">
Adrian Radley

Adrian Radley (born 1976) is a retired Australian swimmer specialising in the backstroke events. He is best known for winning the bronze medal in the men's 100 m backstroke and the men's 4 x 100m medley relay at the 1997 FINA Short Course World Championships in Gothenburg, Sweden. In this medley relay was Adrian Radley, Philip Rogers, Geoff Huegill and Michael Klim. It was the first time Australians had set a world record in over 30 years, beating the US team to Silver. He was a dual Commonwealth Record Holder in the 100m and 200m backstroke.
He also competed for his native country at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships and the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur where he won a Gold medal as a part of the men's 4 x 100m medley relay and an individual silver medal in the men’s 200m backstroke.
Despite swimming more than 50 km a week, Radley completed a double Bachelor Degree in Commerce with majors in Strategy, Marketing and Accounting and now works for a multinational management consulting firm, PwC. 
Radley is married to Olympic Bronze medalist Julia Greville.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18814423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814423" title="John Carmichael (disambiguation)">
John Carmichael (disambiguation)

John Carmichael may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18814434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814434" title="Jim Devlin (catcher)">
Jim Devlin (catcher)

James Raymond Devlin (August 25, 1922 – January 15, 2004) was a Major League Baseball catcher from Plains, Pennsylvania, who played for one season. He played for the Cleveland Indians for one game on April 27, 1944. He died in Danville, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18814454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814454" title="Base Y-75 Frankfurt">
Base Y-75 Frankfurt

Y-75 Frankfurt airfield was where No. 665 Squadron RCAF maintained one aircraft section from May to July, 1945.
History.
Initially assigned to A-620 Reims, France, 'Irwin' section, 'B' Flight, No. 665 Squadron RCAF was stationed at Y-75 Frankfurt, Germany From 27 May 1945, to 1 July 1945. The section's primary role was to fly U.S. Intelligence officers from S.H.A.E.F. Headquarters to destinations across northwest Europe. 
The section maintained one Taylorcraft Auster Mk. V aircraft, one jeep transport, one 60-cwt. mobile living quarters, and a radio network on the airfield. The section was seconded to Allied Headquarters (Hocht), and commanded by senior U.S. Intelligence (G-2) personnel under General Turner, U.S. Army. The section completed its tasking and vacated the duty station in the first week of July, 1945, later returning to 'Joe' airfield at Apeldoorn, the Netherlands for squadron disbanding.

</doc>
<doc id="18814455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814455" title="Charles B. Whidden">
Charles B. Whidden

Charles Blanchard Whidden (June 5, 1835 – June 20, 1902) was a farmer, merchant, ship owner and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Antigonish County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1882 to 1886 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
He was born in Antigonish, Nova Scotia, the son of John Blair Whidden and Harriet Elizabeth Symonds, and was educated at the grammar school and Academy there. In 1856, he married Eunice C. Graham. He ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the House of Commons in 1878 and 1882 before being elected in an 1882 by-election held after John Sparrow David Thompson was named a judge. Whidden married Emma A. Harris in 1890. He died in Antigonish.

</doc>
<doc id="18814465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814465" title="Arabemys">
Arabemys

Arabemys is an extinct genus of sea turtle. It was first named in 1999, and contains one species, A. crassiscutata. It is known from deposits of Late Paleocene or Early Eocene age near the village of Linah in northern Saudi Arabia ().

</doc>
<doc id="18814469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814469" title="Paul Dicken">
Paul Dicken

Paul Franklin Dicken (born October 2, 1943 in DeLand, Florida) is a former Major League Baseball player who played for two seasons. An outfielder in minor league baseball, he was exclusively a pinch hitter when he played for Major League Baseball's Cleveland Indians in and . The , Dicken batted 13 times for the Indians, did not register a hit or a base on balls, and struck out six times.
In 344 minor league games, he batted .263 and hit 61 home runs.

</doc>
<doc id="18814515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814515" title="Geghatap">
Geghatap

Geghatap (); formerly known as "Chichakbulagh", is a village in the Tavush Province of Armenia. It belongs to the community of Khachardzan.

</doc>
<doc id="18814520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814520" title="Lester F. Larsen Tractor Museum">
Lester F. Larsen Tractor Museum

The Lester F. Larsen Tractor Test and Power Museum is a historical facility located on the East Campus of the University of Nebraska-Lincoln in Lincoln, Nebraska, United States. The museum was established in 1980 and is dedicated to preserving and documenting the history of Nebraska's tractor test law (dating from 1919) which began as a law to protect others from irresponsible tractor companies failing to keep the best interest of the farmer in mind. Today it remains the only tractor testing museum in the world. It is also still the only complete tractor test laboratory in the world.
History.
The Nebraska tractor testing law had its roots from 1919 when a farmer and legislator from Osceola in Polk County, Wilmot Crozier bought a tractor. It was the Ford 8-16. The Ford (not made by Henry Ford Co.) didn't live up to its advertised claims. The advertisements claimed it could pull 3 plows at once. Mr. Crozier could only get it to pull 1. He took it back to the dealership and demanded they take it back. But they told him, "You own it, you keep it". They did eventually give him a Rumely H. He took the H home. The advertisements claimed it could pull 3 plows at once. Mr. Crozier got it to pull 5. Mr. Crozier and State Senator Charles Warner decided to ensure that all farmers would get a fair deal when buying any model of tractor sold in Nebraska. Under their leadership, the Nebraska Tractor Test Law was passed in 1919, House Roll 85. At the same time, the legislature established a facility for tractor testing on the east campus of the University of Nebraska-Lincoln to ensure that tractor manufacturers met their advertised claims of the tractors performance.The Nebraska Tractor Test Laboratory is known around the world as the first test lab in the world. And it is the leader in tractor testing and is still the only one of its kind in the world. The Lester F. Larsen Tractor Test and Power Museum is housed in the original Nebraska Tractor Test facility on the East Campus of the University of Nebraska Lincoln. It is located at 35th and Fair Streets. A newer section was built on in 1948. The building was declared a historical landmark by the American Society of Agricultural Engineers in 1980 and dedicated as a museum in 1998. Friends of the Museum were instrumental in early renovation efforts and continue to raise funds for the museum. The museum in now part of the University of Nebraska State Museum system.
The Waterloo Boy tractor was the first to successfully complete the testing process in 1920. Only because of the harsh winter of 1919, they didn't get the testing finished in time.
Since 1919, the state continues to test tractors to ensure reliability standards. The test track itself is located directly west of the museum, and the testing facility is northwest of the museum and north of the testing track. The present site of the museum was previously used as a testing garage until a larger more capable facility was constructed. The track is 12% stronger than an airport runway, which is 12% stronger than city streets. It has two 800 foot straightaways, but when testing they only test 500 feet of the 800. They use the track to determine the drawbar horsepower of a tractor. Inside the test lab, they back the tractor into a dynomometer. A dynomometer determines the belt horsepower of a tractor. At the museum, they have the original dyno(which is short for dynomometer)from 1919. How a dynomometer works is simple. Engineers change the load through resisters and rheostats. While in the process, the dynomometer creates high electricity. 
Collections.
The museum's collection consists of 40 antique and unique tractors, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18814525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814525" title="Tzelafon">
Tzelafon

Tzelafon () is a moshav in central Israel. Located to the north of Beit Shemesh, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 571.
The village was established in 1950 by immigrants from Yemen. They were later joined by more immigrants from Morocco, who arrived in Israel in 1955. It was named after the ancient city of Tzelafon, which was located in the area. The name is derived from Hazelelponi, who was, according to the Talmud, the mother of Samson.

</doc>
<doc id="18814533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814533" title="Pulse-swallowing counter">
Pulse-swallowing counter

A pulse-swallowing counter is a component in an all-digital feedback system. The overall pulse-swallowing system is used as part of a fractional-N frequency divider. The overall pulse-swallowing system cancels beatnotes created when switching between N, N+1, or N−1 in a fractional-N synthesizer. 

</doc>
<doc id="18814551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814551" title="Tzafririm">
Tzafririm

Tzafririm (, "lit." Zephyrs) is a moshav in central Israel. Located near Beit Shemesh, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 307.
The village was established in 1958 by immigrants from North Africa and India.

</doc>
<doc id="18814552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814552" title="Avnevi">
Avnevi

Avnevi (; , "Awnew") is a small village in South Ossetia, a region of Georgia who's sovereignty is disputed. Avnevi is located 873 meters above sea level and 109 kilometers from the Georgian capital of Tbilisi. 
Avnevi was in international news in 2008 when it was shelled during the Russia–Georgia war.
Avnevi Church.
Avnevi church represents architectural features and building quality of the Georgian architecture of late medieval centuries and dated back to the 14th or 15th century. It is a tiny building of cross–domed shape and triconch type, with slightly elevated sanctuary on the east and two entrances in the western arm, one on the south, another on the west. 
The dome rests on the corners of the walls and has four window openings. The interior is plastered and painted in early 20th century with the simple imitation of sky and gilded stars.
Exterior of the building is covered with smoothly cut stones which are placed in uneven rows. 
The round shape drum of the dome is build in bricks. 
Windows and doors have a very simple stone moldings and a horizontal row cuts nearly all parts of the facades. There are several stone carvings and also figure relief’s which are reused for the Avnevi church. One on the western façade depicts mother of God, Christ and John the Baptist, another next to south entrance depicts the Donor holding the cross and surrounded with Wood of Life. These stone reliefs are dated back to the 10th century.
Avnevi church represents a copy of 9th-century Uraveli Triconch, located in Southern part of Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="18814575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814575" title="Chermakavan">
Chermakavan

Chermakavan (); or Jermakavan, formerly known as "Aghkilisa", is a village in the Tavush Province of Armenia. It belongs to the community of Khachardzan.

</doc>
<doc id="18814584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814584" title="WCFC-LP">
WCFC-LP

WCFC-LP is a Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Richmond, Virginia, serving Metro Richmond. WCFC-LP is owned and operated by Crusade For Christ Temple Church Of God In Christ.
Programming.
According to the original application, WCFC-LP would be operated by both the Crusade For Christ Family Worship Church and the Glen Allen Community Church.
Each "station" would operate from separate facilities specified would pay its own construction and operating expenses.
Programming from Crusade For Christ Family Worship Church would air from 5AM to 5PM and programming from Glen Allen Community Church would be from 5PM to 5AM.
Whether both churches are broadcasting on WCFC-LP or just Crusade For Christ Family Worship Church is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18814598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814598" title="Edward Symes">
Edward Symes

Edward (Teddy) Symes (born August 31, 1981) is a producer, director, cinematographer, and founder of Here and Now Films.
His 2008 documentary, Los Medicos, followed a U.S. medical team working in a public hospital in rural Guatemala. Faced with a crowd of more than a thousand, and only one week to help, the film captures the humanitarian ideal as it collides head on with the scope of need and the complex nature of giving. The film premiered at the Jackson Hole Film Festival. 
He began his career as an assistant to Academy Award winning documentary producer Grace Guggenheim and then continued on to work as assistant editor for CBS News in New York City. After leaving CBS, he focused his efforts towards online video, web design, and internet distribution, ultimately creating online content for the United Nations Development Programme and Project Hope.
As a cinematographer Symes worked on the global music project 1 Giant Leap documenting music contributions by Boots Riley, Michael Stipe, Eugene Hutz, Baaba Maal, Jhelisa Anderson, Haale, Miles Solay, and Speech. Interviews for the film included Earle Sebastian, Daniel Pinchbeck, and Anthony Lappe among others.
In 2007, he created short documentaries for various non-profits working domestically as well as internationally in Rwanda, Ethiopia, and Guatemala often collaborating with filmmaker Michael Fasciano. Their documentaries "Stop and Think", "Rest When You're Dead", and "Rebuilding Rwanda" aired simultaneously on the broadband and cable networks of Current TV.
"Rest When You're Dead", an eight minute documentary video pod, followed Garth Stewart, a student at Columbia University, as he recounted his experience joining the army, fighting in Iraq as a mortar gunner during the invasion in 2003, and his political ambitions. The piece documents in cinema verite the early stages of a budding politician. 
In 2008, he traveled as cameraman with Time Magazine reporters covering homeland security contractors and politician Ron Paul for Time.com.
He served as a teacher assistant for over a dozen courses at the International Film and Television Workshops in Rockport, ME. He attended Kenyon College and NYU Tisch School of the Arts at the ICA in London.

</doc>
<doc id="18814612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814612" title="Aghkilisa">
Aghkilisa

Aghkilisa, Aghk’ilisa, Agkilisa, Akhkilisa, or Aghkilisa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18814615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814615" title="Cosmochelys">
Cosmochelys

Cosmochelys is an extinct genus of sea turtle from the Eocene of Africa. It was first named by Andrews in 1920, and contains one species, "C. dolloi".

</doc>
<doc id="18814629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814629" title="George Dickerson (baseball)">
George Dickerson (baseball)

George Clark Dickerson (December 1, 1892 - July 9, 1938) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Cleveland Indians in one game on August 2, 1917. He was known by some of his teams as 'Roy', and sometimes as 'Phil'.

</doc>
<doc id="18814631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814631" title="The Texas Panhandler">
The Texas Panhandler

"The Texas Panhandler" is the 13th episode of the 10th season of the FOX animated television series "King of the Hill".
Plot.
Bobby and Joseph's popularity hits a new low. Desperate to attend Amy's party. Curious as to why they discover the trend of acid wash and faded jeans Bobby decides he wants money for new faded jeans, but Hank feels that purposely distressed jeans for such an exorbitant price are asinine and tells Bobby that a real man works for what he wants. Bobby decides he's gonna get a job. Hank is perplexed by the fad of spending vast sums of money on clothing just to appear derelict. Bobby and Joseph try their hand at a job as sign dancers, but after being ridiculed on the job by some of the popular kids, they encounter a group of college-age kids who hang out on a street corner spanging for change while enjoying a carefree lifestyle, and Bobby and Joseph soon begin to emulate them. Their first attempt at "cool bum" emulation fails, they realize the art of spanging involves not caring about the reward and not to depict oneself as inherently desperate for money, which succeeds. But their antics force out local bum Spongy who used to beg on the corner; having been evicted from his stay in a mental hospital after the Reagan Administration's significant mental health care cuts. In no time at all Bobby and Joseph not only can afford the new jeans but gain a degree of popularity among the kids at school for being associated among urban youth and thought to be street bums. Bobby treats his parents to dinner, unbeknownst to Hank who is impressed by his "work ethic".
However, Hank soon catches Bobby panhandling and furious. In the Alley the guys argue the definition of homelessness. People like Spongy only beg to survive, that these kids do so for fun despite being able bodied and healthy to work but are too lazy to do so. Hank forces Bobby to return his panhandling money, which the leader of the college-age panhandlers convinces him to give to them. Soon after, Bobby is asked out on a date by a girl at school, but panics since he no longer has money; he asks the panhandlers to return what he gave them, only to be snubbed having already spent it.
Hank hears that Bobby is back on the street corner. Furious, he goes to find Bobby and give him another lecture, but instead sees his son handing out flyers for vasectomy reversal (despite that Bobby doesn't know what a vasectomy is). When the panhandlers tease Bobby for being suckered into working, he stumbles upon a realization these kids in fact lead privileged lifestyles outside their begging environment having cell phones, internet/cable, educations. His frustration comes to a head and he begins telling the passersby not to give money to spoiled and undeserving youths; Hank backs him up, driving them from the block returning Spongy to his rightful place.
Production.
This episode was written by Tony Gama-Lobo and Rebecca May and directed by Ronald Rubio and Ken Wong. This would be the second episode to be co-directed by Wong, the first being "The Year of Washing Dangerously".

</doc>
<doc id="18814639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814639" title="John Q. Trojanowski">
John Q. Trojanowski

John Quinn Trojanowski (born 1946)
Biography.
He obtained his M.D./Ph.D. in 1976 from Tufts University in Boston. After a medicine internship at Mt. Auburn Hospital and Harvard Medical School, he began pathology/neuropathology training at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School (1977–1979), and completed training at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine in 1980 where he was appointed assistant professor of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine on 1/1/1981, and rose to the rank of tenured full professor in 1990.
Dr. Trojanowski held or currently holds major leadership positions at the University of Pennsylvania including: Director of a National Institute of Aging (NIA) Alzheimer’s Disease Center (1991–present), Principal Investigator of a NIA Program Project Grant on Alzheimer’s (AD) and Parkinson’s (PD) disease (1990–2005), Director of Medical Pathology (1988–2002), Interim Director (2001–2002) and Director (2002–present) of the Institute on Aging, Co-Director (1992–present) of the Center for Neurodegenerative Disease Research, Director, National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS) Morris K. Udall Parkinson’s Disease Research Center of Excellence (2007–present), the first William Maul Measey–Truman G. Schnabel, Jr., M.D., Professor of Geriatric Medicine and Gerontology (2003–present) and Co-director of the Marian S. Ware Alzheimer Drug Discovery Program (2004–present).
For >15 years, Dr. Trojanowski has conducted research on AD, PD, motor neuron disease, dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB), frontotemporal lobar degeneration (FTLD) and other aging related nervous system disorders. Most of his >500 publications focus on the pathobiology of neurodegenerative disorders, especially the role of abnormal protein aggregates (misfolded proteins) in these diseases. The major goal of his research now is to translate advances into understanding mechanisms of aging related neurodegenerative diseases into meaningful interventions to treat or prevent these disorders.
Dr. Trojanowski has received several awards for his research, some of which include:
To help the public understand what is needed to cure and/or prevent disorders like AD, Dr. Trojanowski led an effort to prepare two education films, “Shining a Light on Alzheimer’s Disease . . . through Research” and “Taking the Steps to Healthy Brain Aging”, on Alzheimer’s disease and healthy brain aging funded by a grant from the Metropolitan Life Foundation Grant that air on PBS.
John Q. Trojanowski, M.D., Ph.D. 
William Maul Measey-Truman G. Schnabel, Jr., M.D. Professor of Geriatric Medicine and Gerontology 
Director, Institute on Aging 
Director, Alzheimer's Disease Core Center 
Director, Udall Parkinson's Research Center 
Co-director, Center for Neurodegenerative Disease Research and Marian S. Ware Alzheimer Drug Discovery Program 
Professor, Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine
http://www.med.upenn.edu/aging/ 
http://www.pennadc.org 
http://www.med.upenn.edu/cndr/
http://www.med.upenn.edu/ins/faculty/trojanow.htm
http://www.pennhealth.com/Wagform/MainPage.aspx?config=provider&P=PP&ID=2313
http://www.uphs.upenn.edu/news/News_Releases/july02/PIA.html

</doc>
<doc id="18814646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814646" title="Izvorul Stânei River (Şasa)">
Izvorul Stânei River (Şasa)

The Izvorul Stânei River is a tributary of the Şasa River in Romania

</doc>
<doc id="18814648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814648" title="Yish'i">
Yish'i

Yish'i (, "lit." My Salvation) is a moshav in central Israel. Located near Beit Shemesh, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 559.
The village was established on 12 July 1950 by immigrants from Yemen. Its name it taken from Psalms 27:1;
The LORD is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear? The LORD is the stronghold of my life; of whom shall I be afraid?

</doc>
<doc id="18814665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814665" title="Reginald Foskett">
Reginald Foskett

Born in 1909 he was educated at Derby School and Keble College, Oxford and ordained priest in 1933. After Curacies at Gedling and Mansfield he was Rector at Ordsall followed by service as Rural Dean of Ilkeston. From 1957 he was Provost of St Mary’s Cathedral, Edinburgh before elevation to the Episcopate a decade later: a post he was to hold for only three years, retiring prematurely due to ill-health. A dedicated historian of the church and of African history., he died on 13 November 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18814667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814667" title="1990 Detroit Lions season">
1990 Detroit Lions season

The 1990 Detroit Lions season was the 61st season in franchise history.

</doc>
<doc id="18814688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814688" title="Kayan, Armenia">
Kayan, Armenia

Kayan () is a village in the Tavush Province of Armenia. It belongs to the community of Aygehovit.

</doc>
<doc id="18814695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814695" title="Shelly Liddelow">
Shelly Liddelow

Shelly "Sparky" Liddelow (born 30 June 1984 in Manjimup, Western Australia) plays field hockey for the Australian Women's Hockey Team, the Hockeyroos. She made her debut for Australia in 2007. Her Australian National Hockey League (NHL) team is WA Diamonds. Her local club is UWA Hockey Club.
Originally only a reserve player for the Hockeyroos, Shelly entered the spotlight and the hearts of Australians after Fiona Johnson injured her hamstring. She scored two goals in her first Olympic match, helping Australia to win against South Korea.
Shelly has recently completed her Master of Pharmacy (bloody GEM's) at Curtin University.

</doc>
<doc id="18814702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814702" title="Tarum">
Tarum

Tarum (, "lit." Exalted) is a moshav in central Israel. Located to the north of Beit Shemesh with an area of 1,800 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2009 it had a population of 568.
The village was established in 1950 by immigrants from Yemen. The founders were later joined by Cochin Jews who had immigrated from India. Its name is taken 
from as the name of the neighbouring moshav Ta'oz;
Thine is an arm with might; strong is Thy hand, and exalted is Thy right hand.

</doc>
<doc id="18814709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814709" title="Peacock (2010 film)">
Peacock (2010 film)

Peacock is a 2010 American psychological thriller directed by Michael Lander, written by Lander and Ryan Roy, and starring Cillian Murphy, Ellen Page and Susan Sarandon. It was editor Sally Menke's final film.
Plot.
John Skillpa, a quiet bank clerk living in tiny Peacock, Nebraska, prefers to live an invisible life in order to hide his secret: He has multiple personality disorder, the implied result of childhood trauma inflicted by his abusive mother. His alter ego is a woman, Emma, who each morning does his chores and cooks him breakfast before he starts the day. One day while he is out of his house as Emma, a freight train caboose derails and crashes into John's backyard.
When his neighbors come to the scene, "Emma" enters his house, putting John's other life into the spotlight, so he is forced to tell his neighbors that Emma is his wife, married in secrecy. Forced to fool the town into believing he and his alter ego are man and wife, John and Emma must maintain their secret while in public view.
A young and struggling single mother, Maggie, holds the key to John's past and sparks a battle between the personalities where Emma begins to take over John's life completely.
Cast.
Casting calls for extras and other minor roles were made in the Des Moines, Iowa area in April 2008.
Production.
The film is set in a Nebraska town.
Filming.
Filming began May 6, 2008 in the small town of Odebolt, Iowa. Greenfield, Iowa was also host to the production for several days. Scenes were filmed on the town square and inside the historic Opera House. Shooting of the film was scheduled to continue on June 5, 2008 in Boone, Iowa; due to weather conditions, however, Cornfield Productions was forced to delay filming until the following day. The filming occurred at the local train tracks with line producer Brian Bell explaining that this particular shot was a "visual effects" shot, where the train will eventually be digitally edited to appear as if it is passing through Skillpa's backyard, even though it is not physically there. Although the shooting took four hours to complete, it only comprises about 10 to 15 seconds of the film. The filming of "Peacock" ended on June 9, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18814711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814711" title="Collège et Lycée Raponda Walker">
Collège et Lycée Raponda Walker

Collège et Lycée Raponda Walker is in Port-Gentil, the second largest city in Gabon. The school has just over a thousand pupils. Since 1975 it has been named for André Raponda Walker, a famous writer and the first Catholic priest in Gabon. 
History.
The school was started in 1930 in the grounds of the new church of St. Louis by Father René Lefèbre. (The church had only been built in 1927). The school was named then after the church.
In 1949 the school was taken over by the "Brothers of St. Gabriel", but it was not until 1965 that a section for girls was introduced. In 1969 the school started mixed classes.
It was in 1975 that the school took on its existing name which was in honour of the first Gabonese person to be ordained as a catholic priest.

</doc>
<doc id="18814715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814715" title="Vancouver Métis Community Association">
Vancouver Métis Community Association

Vancouver Métis Community Association is a Métis community organization in Vancouver, British Columbia. The organization was established in 1995 as the Vancouver Métis Association by Dr. Howard Adams.
They are a community of social activists whose definition is:
"A Full Métis is a person of Aboriginal Ancestry, who:
a) Declares him/herself to be Métis; and can provide proof of his/her Métis ancestry, or,
b) Has traditionally held him/herself out to be Métis, and has been recognized by this community at large as Métis."
In November 2003 the name was changed to the Vancouver Métis Community Association.
They are also responsible for the formation of "The Walk Bravely Forward Society", a regional charitable organization which assists incarcerated Aboriginal offenders as they transition to community life.
The VMCA encourages education, arts and culture and were key in the development of the "Aboriginal Voices Radio Network" and made a presentation at CRTC public hearings regarding this in the year 2000.
Several VMCA members produced a half hour documentary about Métis Elders called "Not Just A Half Breed" which has been running on the "Aboriginal People's Television Network", (APTN), and a copy of which is now housed in the Smithsonian Institution in Washington DC.

</doc>
<doc id="18814716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814716" title="Regular chain">
Regular chain

In computer algebra, a regular chain is a particular kind of triangular set in a multivariate polynomial ring over a field. It enhances the notion of characteristic set.
Introduction.
Given a linear system, one can convert it to a triangular system via Gaussian elimination. For the non-linear case, 
given a polynomial system F over a field, one can convert (decompose or triangularize) it to a finite set of triangular sets, in the sense that the algebraic variety "V"(F) is described by these triangular sets. 
A triangular set may merely describe the empty set. To fix this degenerated case, the notion of regular chain was introduced, independently by Kalkbrener (1993), Yang and Zhang (1994). Regular chains also appear in Chou and Gao (1992). Regular chains are special triangular sets which are used in different algorithms for computing unmixed-dimensional decompositions of algebraic varieties. Without using factorization, these decompositions have better properties that the ones produced by Wu's algorithm. Kalkbrener's original definition was based on the following observation: every irreducible variety is uniquely determined by one of its generic points and varieties can be represented by describing the generic points of their irreducible components. These generic points are given by regular chains.
Examples.
Denote Q the rational number field. In Qx2, x3 with variable ordering x1 < x2 < x3,
is a triangular set and also a regular chain. Two generic points given by "T" are (a, a, a) and (a, -a, a) where "a" is transcendental over Q.
Thus there are two irreducible components, given by { x2 - x1, x3 - x1 } and { x2 + x1, x3 - x1 }, respectively.
Note that: (1) the content of the second polynomial is x2, which does not contribute to the generic points represented and thus can be removed; (2) the dimension of each component is 1, the number of free variables in the regular chain.
Formal definitions.
The variables in the polynomial ring 
are always sorted as x1 < ... < xn. 
A non-constant polynomial "f" in formula_3 can be seen as a univariate polynomial in its greatest variable.
The greatest variable in "f" is called its main variable, denoted by "mvar"(f). Let "u" be 
the main variable of "f" and write it as 
where "e" is the degree of "f" w.r.t. "u" and formula_5 is 
the leading coefficient of "f" w.r.t. "u". Then the initial of "f"
is formula_5 and "e" is its main degree.
A non-empty subset "T" of formula_3 is a triangular set, 
if the polynomials in "T" are non-constant and have distinct main variables. 
Hence, a triangular set is finite, and has cardinality at most "n".
Let T = {t1, ..., ts} be a triangular set such that 
"mvar"(t1) < ... < "mvar"(ts), 
formula_8 be the initial of "t"i and "h" be the product of hi's. 
Then "T" is a "regular chain" if 
where each resultant is computed with respect to the main variable of "t"i, respectively. 
This definition is from Yang and Zhang, which is of much algorithmic flavor.
The "quasi-component" "W"("T") described by the regular chain "T" is 
the set difference of the varieties "V"("T") and "V"("h"). 
The attached algebraic object of a regular chain is its "saturated ideal" 
A classic result is that the Zariski closure of "W"("T") equals the variety defined by sat("T"), that is,
and its dimension is n - |T|, the difference of the number of variables and the number of polynomials in "T".
In general, there are two ways to decompose a polynomial system "F". The first one is to decompose lazily, that is, only to represent its generic points in the (Kalkbrener) sense,
The second is to describe all zeroes in the Lazard sense,
There are various algorithms available for triangular decompositions in either sense.
Properties.
Let "T" be a regular chain in the polynomial ring "R".

</doc>
<doc id="18814740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814740" title="Eosphargis">
Eosphargis

Eosphargis is an extinct genus of sea turtle from the Eocene of Africa, Europe, and North America. It was first named by Richard Lydekker in 1889, and contains one species, "E. gigas". The species is also known as "Anglocetus beatsoni".

</doc>
<doc id="18814758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814758" title="Sho'eva">
Sho'eva

For the religious celebration, see Simchat Beit HaShoeivah
Sho'eva () is a moshav in central Israel. Located west of Jerusalem, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 514.
The moshav was established as a work village in 1950 by immigrants from Yemen. However, it closed in 1952. It was re-established in 1959. It is built on the site of the village of Saris destroyed in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="18814781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814781" title="Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, University of Zagreb">
Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, University of Zagreb

Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences or the Faculty of Philosophy in Zagreb (Croatian: "Filozofski fakultet Sveučilišta u Zagrebu") is one of the faculties of the University of Zagreb.
History.
The Faculty of Philosophy is the oldest faculty of the University of Zagreb, which dates its founding to 1669. Philosophy and humanities were taught at the University from the very beginning, while a separate Faculty first came into existence in 1776 when the University was divided into Faculties of Philosophy, Theology and Law.
In 1874 the modern University of Zagreb was officially established, with four faculties: Law, Theology, Philosophy and Medicine. The Faculty of Philosophy was called the "Mudroslovni fakultet" and had the following Chairs:
The Faculty also served as the general scientific faculty, and since 1876 it taught geology, botany, physics, mathematics, and chemistry; since 1877 zoology; since 1882 pharmacy; since 1883 geography.
In 1893, the Chair of Pedagogy was instituted. The Study of Archeology started in 1893. The Chair of German Philology was created in 1895. The Chair of Indo-Germanology was created in 1908, transformed into the Study of Indology in 1962. The Seminar on Romance Philology first started in 1920. The Chair of Ethnology was created in 1924/1927. The Art History Seminar was created in 1928. The Chair of Psychology was created in 1929. The English Seminar was created in 1935.
Mathematics, pharmacy and other sciences started to split off in several stages, with the creation of separate mathematics and pharmaceutical departments in 1928, when the faculty was renamed into its current name "Filozofski fakultet", and the splitting off of individual departments into separate faculties in 1942, 1946 and finally in 1963.
The Institute of Phonetics was founded in 1954. The Chair of General Linguistics and Comparative Literature was created in 1956. The Chair of Sociology was created in 1963 (the Faculty of Law had one since 1906). The Study of Swedish started in 1985. In 1989, the Institute for Information Sciences was founded. In 1994, the Study of Hungarology started.
In 2009, the faculty was occupied by students who demanded free education. The peaceful occupation started on April the 20th 2009 and ended on May 24. The second occupation started on November the 23rd 2009 and ended nearly two weeks later.
Current organization.
There are two models of study programs: single major (all courses belong to one program) and double majors (student studies in two equally important programs for equal degrees in both):
The faculty has more than 700 employees, with more than 500 academic staff as well as more than 600 part-time lecturers.
Departments.
The Faculty consists of following departments:
Library.
The Faculty Library moved into a new building opened in March 2009, becoming the second largest library in Croatia (after the nearby National and University Library in Zagreb). It includes 24 department libraries with more than 600 000 books. The library consists of the ground floor, 6 upper floors and a closed repository. The ground floor is mainly intended to be used for reading and writing, while the five upper floors contain books from all departments.
, the sixth floor does not function yet. Books which have not been processed yet and are not available for public use are stored in the closed repository, located in the basement.
There are 750 working places and 250 computers available for use. The library is open to all students and employees of the Faculty for borrowing books, while members of the public may use books and other resources within the library building.
All members and library employees use Koha – a library software which has several interfaces depending on the type of user. The catalogue is open access. It is possible to search for particular books by title, author, ISBN, subject, publisher and call number.
The entire library system is highly technically advanced and equipped with models for supply, catalogization, public borrowing and statistics. One of the main advantages of the library is the 3M RFID system of electronic chips, which enables self-check, allowing users to borrow books by themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="18814787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814787" title="Jack Bracken">
Jack Bracken

John James Bracken (April 14, 1881 – July 16, 1954) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He played for the Cleveland Blues from August 7, 1901 to September 27, 1901.
On the 15th of September, Bracken gave up 24 hits in 7.5 innings as the Detroit Tigers defeated the Blues 21-0, the most lopsided victory in American League history up to that time. 

</doc>
<doc id="18814792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814792" title="Fenimore Pass">
Fenimore Pass

Fenimore Pass is a strait between the Bering Sea and the North Pacific Ocean in the Aleutian Islands in Alaska. It lies between Oglodak Island to the east and Tagalak Island to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="18814806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814806" title="Adelsköld">
Adelsköld

Adelsköld is the surname of a noble Swedish family.
History.
According to tradition, the family descended from an old Scottish noble family. The family's oldest known male-line ancestor was Anders Hansson, bricklayer master in Helsingborg during the first half of the 17th century. His great-great-grandson, the chief judge and later vice governor of Göteborgs och Bohus län with governor's title, Johan Christian Thomée (born 30 May 1737 in Kristianstad, died 10 May 1798 in Öjared, Lundby parish, Västergötland) was ennobled 24 January 1773 at Stockholm Palace by King Gustavus III of Sweden, and introduced 30 May 1775 into the Riddarhuset as noble family number 2029. 
The noble family Adelsköld is of the same agnatic origin as the Swedish commoner family Thomæus.

</doc>
<doc id="18814808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814808" title="Ta'oz">
Ta'oz

Ta'oz (, "lit." Stronghold) is a moshav in central Israel. Located to the north of Beit Shemesh with an area of 1,500 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 451.
The village was established in 1950 by immigrants from Yemen. Its name is taken
from Psalms 89:14 as the name of neighbouring moshav Tarum;
Thine is an arm with might; strong is Thy hand, and exalted is Thy right hand.

</doc>
<doc id="18814829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814829" title="HMS Swan">
HMS Swan

Twenty ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Swan", or the archaic HMS "Swann", probably after the bird, the Swan:

</doc>
<doc id="18814834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814834" title="Jack Bradley (baseball)">
Jack Bradley (baseball)

John Thomas Bradley (September 20, 1893 - March 18, 1969) was a Major League Baseball catcher who played for one season. He played for the Cleveland Indians from June 18 to July 31, 1916 and had no hits in 3 atbats.

</doc>
<doc id="18814836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814836" title="Damien Mozika">
Damien Mozika

Damien Mozika (born 15 April 1987 in Corbeil-Essonnes) is a French professional footballer. He plays as a midfielder, currently a Free Agent. 
Career.
Mozika arrived at Chester shortly before the start of the 2008–09 season, after spending time on trial with the club. He had previously played in his native France for AS Nancy and CS Louhans-Cuiseaux (on loan).
He made his Football League debut for Chester in a 6–0 defeat to Dagenham & Redbridge on 9 August 2008. Following his debut Mozika's consistent performances led to four unknown Championship clubs making enquiries. He scored his first goal for the club in a 1–1 draw with Bury on 6 September 2008, with a further goal arriving against Chesterfield the following January.
After making just one appearance in a three-month period from January to April 2009 - due to injury, Mozika was suspended by Chester for alleged breaches of discipline shortly before the season ended. He was released at the end of the campaign.
On 19 August 2010, Mozika signed for Bury having previously spent time in Iran with Tarbiat Yazd. The club announced on 9 December 2010 that his contract has been extended until the end of the 2013 season.
Mozika signed for Scunthorpe United on deadline day on 31 August 2011.
He joined Torquay United in October 2013 on a short-term contract, after spending the beginning of the season regaining fitness following an injury sustained in January. He made his Torquay debut as a second-half substitute in the 1-1 draw against Portsmouth on 26 October 2013. On 2 February 2014, Mozika was released from his contract at Torquay United.

</doc>
<doc id="18814838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814838" title="Texas Department of Agriculture">
Texas Department of Agriculture

The Texas Department of Agriculture (TDA) is a state agency within the state of Texas, which is responsible for matters pertaining to agriculture, rural community affairs, and related matters.
TDA was established by the 13th Texas Legislature in 1907. TDA is headed by the Texas Agriculture Commissioner, one of four heads of state agencies which is elected by statewide ballot (and the only one where the provision for statewide election is mandated by legislative action, not enshrined in the Texas Constitution) for a four-year term, concurrent with the gubernatorial election (prior to 1978, the term was two-year before a statewide amendment in 1974 extended it to four years).
The department is headquartered on the 11th floor of the Stephen F. Austin State Office Building at 1700 North Congress Avenue in Austin.
The mission statement of the Texas Department of Agriculture is:
"Partner with all Texans to make Texas the nation's leader in agriculture, fortify our economy, empower rural communities, promote healthy lifestyles, and cultivate winning strategies for rural, suburban and urban Texas through exceptional service and the common threads of agriculture in our daily lives."
Commissioners of the Department of Agriculture.
NOTE: Milner was appointed as Commissioner prior to the first statewide election in 1908.
Divisions.
The department is divided into the following divisions:
References.
Texas Department of Agriculture

</doc>
<doc id="18814844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814844" title="Seguam Pass">
Seguam Pass

Seguam Pass is a strait between the Bering Sea and the North Pacific Ocean in the Aleutian Islands in Alaska. It lies between Seguam Island to the east and Amlia Island to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="18814857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814857" title="Akvilė Stapušaitytė">
Akvilė Stapušaitytė

Akvilė Stapušaitytė (born March 25, 1986) is a Lithuanian badminton player. She was born in Tauragė, Lithuanian SSR.
Career.
Akvilė won the Lithuanian National Badminton Championships in 2006 - 2014. YONEX Lithuania Open title winner. She attended the 2008 Summer Olympics and lost to Tine Rasmussen in the second round. She also represented Lithuania in 2012 Summer Olympics where she was eliminated after group stage.
Media.
She was nominated among most charming sportswomen of 2013 in Lithuania. In 2014 she was on the cover of SportIN magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="18814867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814867" title="Bert Brenner">
Bert Brenner

Delbert Henry Brenner (July 18, 1887 – April 11, 1971) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He played for the Cleveland Naps from September 21, 1912 to October 5, 1912. 
In 1926 he managed the Columbia Comers of the South Atlantic League.

</doc>
<doc id="18814885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814885" title="Daniel Kiss (footballer)">
Daniel Kiss (footballer)

Daniel Kiss (born 14 April 1984 in Galanta, Slovakia) is a Slovak goalkeeper who currently plays for ŠKF Sereď. He is 1.92 m tall and weighs 94 kg. 
Kiss started his career in Slovan Bratislava. On 10 August 2008 he arrived in Bulgaria to move to Levski Sofia for a fee around 100 000 euro.
PFC Levski Sofia.
Kiss made his official debut for Levski on 17 August 2008, in a match against Botev Plovdiv. The result of the match was 6:0.
On 7 December 2008 he was dismised from Levski and free to look around for a new team. He transferred to Artmedia Petrzalka in his home country.

</doc>
<doc id="18814893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814893" title="Living sculpture">
Living sculpture

Living sculpture is any type of sculpture that is created with living, growing grasses, vines, plants or trees. It can be functional and/or ornamental. There are several different types of living sculpture techniques, including topiary (prune plants or train them over frames), sod works (create sculptures using soil and grass or moss), tree shaping (growing designs with living trees) and mowing and crop art (create patterns or pictures with plants or in lawns). Most living sculpture technique requires horticultural skills, such as grafting or pruning, to create the art.
History.
Sculptors through the ages have traditionally worked with non-living media such as clay, plaster, glass, bronze, or even plastic. Although sculpting plants isn’t a new idea (bonsai or topiary have long historical traditions), its recent rediscovery by artists, horticulturalists, gardeners, and young people has given living sculpture an innovative popularity.
Living sculpture offers a highly appealing blend of art and science. It’s a creative process that gives the sculptor a chance to bring their own unique vision to life (literally!) Creating a living sculpture is also a collaborative process that can bring artistic minds, logistical minds, and scientific minds together. As a team project, creating a living sculpture can be about more than just art or science. A team collaborating to design and build a living sculpture can learn a lot about themselves, each other, and what partnerships are all about - while making a functional and/or ornamental public sculpture in their community.
Topiary.
One of the older and more familiar kinds of living sculpture, topiary is the art of growing dense, leafy plants and pruning them into a form, or training them over a frame, to create a three-dimensional object. It relies on pruning and training to give shape to an existing plant. It also can involve training a plant to fill in a form.
Topiary is one type of living sculpture that has gone in and out of favor through the ages. A few historical highlights of its importance and use: 
Bonsai.
Bonsai is the art of aesthetic miniaturization of trees, or of developing woody or semi-woody plants shaped as trees, by growing them in containers. Cultivation includes techniques for shaping, watering, and repotting in various styles of containers.
Turf and sodworks.
Turf- or sod-works are created from grass or moss and soil. This type of art has roots in the Land Art movement (also known as the Earthworks or Earth Art movement) that emerged in the late 1960s and early 1970s. During this period, landscape and the work of art began to be viewed as linked. Sculptures were not just placed in the landscape; rather the landscape became the very means of their creation. These works often existed in the open, located well away from communities, and were left to change under natural conditions. Many of the first works were created in the deserts of Nevada, Utah, New Mexico, and Arizona. They did not, or were not meant to last, and now exist only as recordings or photos.
Works made from the earth are changing the way in which people view art, and often are used to promote environmental awareness. These works may be created on waste sites, and may draw attention to land reclamation and urban restoration efforts. Recent earth artists have worked with soil, sod, or moss to create forms that may be intimate and small, or large and multi-acre. They may be cut out of the earth, or formed with soil. They may give a nod to the past, or they may be cutting edge and contemporary in design. Some examples include labyrinths and mazes, animal and human forms, geometric shapes, and furniture.
Tree shaping.
Chairs, ladders and other shapes made from living trees are some examples of tree shaping. Some types of tree shaping involve horticultural practices such as weaving, grafting, training, and/or shaping young, living trees into desired shapes.
Further reading.
Topiary
Tree Shaping
Tree Sculpture
Creative Mowing & Crop Art
External links.
Living Sculpture
Turf or Sod Works
Tree Shaping
Creative Mowing & Crop Art 

</doc>
<doc id="18814896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814896" title="Neve Michael">
Neve Michael

Neve Michael (, "lit." Michael Home) is a moshav in central Israel. Located to the south of Beit Shemesh, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 428.
The village was established in 1958 by immigrants from Iran. The founders were later joined by immigrants from Morocco. The village Roglit () was merged into Neve Michael.

</doc>
<doc id="18814906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814906" title="Shelley M. Shier">
Shelley M. Shier

Shelley M. Shier is a Canadian-American entrepreneur, music and theatrical producer and art consultant.
Youth.
Her mother, Rosaline Cutler Shier Sonshine, remains socially active, primarily in various charities and as an award winning sponsor of law enforcement initiative in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Her father, Harry Shier was a noted Canadian industrialist (OSF) and investor with strong ties to the entertainment industry. Shier lived in Toronto, but also Miami and New York City. Her extended family, includes her stepfather, Harry Sonshine, an industrialist and sports figure, her stepmother, Roni Chesler Shier, and her step grandfather, Lou Chesler, an entrepreneur active in real estate development (Freeport), and entertainment (Warner Bros.-Seven Arts). Shier attended Branksome Hall in Toronto and later studied for four years with Stella Adler in New York City. She became a US citizen in 2005.
Early career.
Shier left Canada to study with Stella Adler in New York (1976-1980) and graduated from the Conservatory of Acting at City Center. At the same time she was a company member of The Soho Artist’s Theater for five years. During this time she supported herself working for New York City art galleries and with private clients at Sotheby’s and Christie's.
Career.
In 1983 Shier formed HOSS, Inc. a production company that over the next twenty five years produced hundreds of music festivals (The Floating Jazz Festival (1), The Blues Cruise etc.), concerts (Tony Bennett, Tommy Tune, Debbie Reynolds etc.), and theatrical productions ("Sweet Charity", "I Do! I Do!", "Hair", "Jesus Christ Superstar") throughout the world. In 1998 she formed Broadway Bound, Inc. (2) and the following year established a theatrical company aboard the legendary ocean liner RMS Queen Elizabeth 2 (3,4,5). Over the next six years she produced, wrote and toured six new shows. Her production of Enter The Guardsman (6,7) was produced simultaneously on the QE2 and New York’s Vineyard Theater.(8,9)
Festival & Concert Productions.
In 1983 Shier formed HOSS, Inc. a production company that over the next twenty five years produced hundreds of music festivals (The Floating Jazz Festival(1), The Blues Cruise, Dixieland At Sea, Big bands At Sea) and concerts (Tony Bennett, Bill Cosby, Marvin Hamlisch, Tommy Tune, Debbie Reynolds, etc).
Theatrical Productions.
In the mid-1990s Shier produced and toured, Hair, Jesus Christ Superstar and Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band in conjunction with the original Broadway director, Tom O’Horgan. In following years, working with Gwen Verdon and Grover Dale and the Bob Fosse Estate, she presented Sweet Charity and A Tribute to Bob Fosse. Simultaneously, she produced I Do, I Do and A Tribute To Marge and Gower Champion, working with the legendary Marge Champion. In 1996 she produced a series of special events for the Barcelona Olympics. In 1998 she formed Broadway Bound, Inc.(2) and the following year established a theatrical company aboard the legendary ocean liner Queen Elizabeth 2 (3,4,5). Over the next six years she produced, wrote and toured six new shows. Her production of Enter The Guardsman (6,7) was produced simultaneously on the QE2 and New York’s Vineyard Theater.(8,9)
Current Activity.
In 2006 Shier expanded Broadway Bound, creating Broadway Bound Fine Arts and Entertainment to include a Fine Arts Division to orchestrate the acquisition of a wide range of art works, paintings, sculpture, and photography, for indoor and outdoor installations. These installations include large-scale projects in public places, intimate exhibitions, as well as artwork for residential spaces and premium hotels worldwide. Shier’s most recent project is the creation and development of the Pride of Canada, a multimillion dollar fine art carousel commissioned by the Remington Group, that will be the artistic centerpiece of Downtown Markham, a new city, outside Toronto, Ontario. Shier is also developing the interior and exterior art installations as well as the entertainment programs. Shier continues to work closely with a number of visual artists and has been instrumental in arranging exhibitions for them in New York City, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh and Dallas, Toronto and Oslo.
Humanitarian Causes.
When not developing large-scale art projects, photography exhibits, musical, theatrical and film productions, or integrating new artistic properties, Shier devotes much of her time to charitable causes, including special events for Save The Children, Tomorrow’s Children and The Jazz Foundation of America. A Black Belt in karate, in addition to teaching karate and kickboxing, she is also an accomplished equestrian. Shelley is a member of Women In Music, The Blues Foundation, and The National Alliance of Musical Theater.
References.
1. Whitney Balliett, The New Yorker, February 8, 1988 p. 82-89
2. http://www.broadwayboundinc.com
3. Broadway Takes To The Ocean, Toronto Globe and Mail March 4, 2000, p. 28
4. http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=990CE4D8173BF935A35752C0A9669C8B63
5. Scott Jolley, Travel & Leisure, November 2000 p. 144-147
6. http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=990CE4D8173BF935A35752C0A9669C8B63 (guardsman)
7. Enter The Guardsman, Variety, May 29 - June 4, 2000 p. 33
8. http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_hb1437/is_200005/ai_n5933736
9. The Daily News, May 22, 2000 p. 36

</doc>
<doc id="18814908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814908" title="Locationes mansorum desertorum">
Locationes mansorum desertorum

Locationes mansorum desertorum - (pol.Lokacje łanów opuszczonych) – manuscript of Nicolaus Copernicus, written between 1516-1521. It is from ledgers handwritten by Copernicus when he was an economic administrator in Warmia.

</doc>
<doc id="18814912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814912" title="Rachel Van Hollebeke">
Rachel Van Hollebeke

Rachel Buehler Van Hollebeke (born August 26, 1985), née Rachel Marie Buehler, is an American soccer defender currently playing for the Portland Thorns FC and the United States women's national soccer team.
Early life.
Stanford University.
Van Hollebeke attended Stanford University, where she was named by the NCAA Honors Committee as a recipient of the NCAA Top VIII Award, and completed her senior year in 2007, majoring in human biology/pre-medicine. A three-year captain for the Cardinal, Van Hollebeke was an All-Pac-10 Conference First-Team selection, an NSCAA First-Team All-American Scholar Athlete, and was chosen as the ESPN Academic All-American of the Year. As a redshirt junior in 2006, she was one of two players in the conference to be selected in the All-Pac-10 First Team and the Pac-10 All-Academic First Team.
Playing career.
Club.
FC Gold Pride, 2009.
On September 16, 2008, Van Hollebeke was one of three members of the 2008 Beijing gold medal team allocated to the brand new Santa Clara, California, club FC Gold Pride, along with Nicole Barnhart and Leslie Osborne. FC Gold Pride, coached by former San Jose Clash midfielder Albertin Montoya, was the seventh and final club named in 2008 to compete in the inaugural season of Women's Professional Soccer (WPS) the following year.
Portland Thorns FC, 2013–present.
On January 11, 2013 Van Hollebeke was one of three members from the United States women's national team that was allocated to the new NWSL club Portland Thorns FC, along with Alex Morgan and Tobin Heath.
International.
Van Hollebeke has played on several U.S. national youth teams, including U-16 and U-17, and was a member of the first place 2002 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship in Canada and the third place team at the 2004 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship in Thailand. She joined the national team training camp in July 2006 and debuted for the full team in March 2008 at the Algarve Cup in Portugal. Van Hollebeke was named to the 2008 U.S. Olympic women's soccer team on June 23, 2008. She appeared in two matches, chipping in with one assist. She was also chosen for the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup squad and scored on the USA's opening game against North Korea. Van Hollebeke was part of the team that won the gold medal at the 2012 London Olympics. Van Hollebeke appeared in all six matches and played all but 35 minutes of the United States gold medal campaign.
On March 6, 2013 in the opening game of the Algarve Cup, Van Hollebeke became only the 29th female to play 100 times for the United States. Van Hollebeke'S very first appearance with the national team was in 2008 at the very same tournament. During her 100th cap against Iceland, Van Hollebeke scored a goal, making her only the 4th U.S women next to Tiffeny Milbrett, Shannon MacMillan, and Abby Wambach to score in their 100th appearance.
Career statistics.
International.
International goals.
Rachel Van Hollebeke scored 5 goals in international competition; one each in World Cup final tournament, Olympic qualification, World Cup qualification, the Algarve Cup, and a friendly match.
Personal life.
Rachel married Bobby Van Hollebeke on November 17, 2012 at Balboa Park in San Diego. She announced that she would be using her husband's last name professionally from 2014 on.
Van Hollebeke's tough playing style earned her the well known nickname "The Buehldozer".

</doc>
<doc id="18814913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814913" title="Colloque Walter Lippmann">
Colloque Walter Lippmann

The Walter Lippman Colloquium, in French Colloque Walter Lippmann, was a conference of intellectuals organized in Paris in August 1938 by French philosopher Louis Rougier. After interest in classical liberalism had declined in the 1920s and 1930s, the aim was to construct a new Liberalism as a rejection of collectivism, socialism and laissez-faire liberalism. At the meeting the term neoliberalism was coined by Alexander Rüstow referring to the rejection of the (old) laissez-faire liberalism.
The colloquium was named after American journalist Walter Lippmann. Lippman's 1937 book "An Enquiry into the Principles of the Good Society" had been translated into French as "La Cité libre" and was studied in detail at the meeting. Twenty-six intellectuals, including some of the most prominent liberal thinkers, took part. Participants included Walter Lippmann himself, German Ordoliberals such as Wilhelm Röpke and Alexander Rüstow, Austrian School theorists such as Friedrich Hayek and Ludwig von Mises, and entrepreneurs such as Ernest Mercier. Michael Polanyi also participated. Walter Eucken was invited to the colloqium, but was not given permission to leave Germany. Participants from France included Raymond Aron, Robert Marjolin, Louis Rougier, and Jacques Rueff.
The participants chose to set up an organization to promote liberalism, the "Comité international d'étude pour le renouveau du libéralisme" (CIERL). Though CIERL had few consequences because of the war, it inspired Friedrich Hayek in the postwar creation of the Mont Pelerin Society.
Michel Foucault's 1978-79 Collège de France lectures, published a quarter of a century later as "The Birth of Biopolitics", drew attention to the importance of the Walter Lippman Colloqium.

</doc>
<doc id="18814915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814915" title="Speciation of ions">
Speciation of ions

Speciation of ions refers to the changing concentration of varying forms of an ion as the pH of the solution changes.
The pH of a solution of a monoprotic weak acid can be expressed in terms of the extent of dissociation. After rearranging the expression defining the acid dissociation constant, and putting pH = −log10[H+], one obtains 
This is a form of the Henderson-Hasselbalch equation. It can be deduced from this expression that
It follows that the range of pH within which there is partial dissociation of the acid is about p"K"a ± 2. This is shown graphically at the right.
A practical application of these results is that the "pH transition range" of a pH indicator is approximately p"K"a ± 1; the colour of the indicator in its acid form is different from the colour of the conjugate base form. In the transition range both forms are in equilibrium, so the colour is intermediate. Outside the transition range the concentration of acid or conjugate base is less than 10% and the colour of the major species dominates.
A "weak acid" may be "defined" as an acid with p"K"a greater than about −2. An acid with p"K"a = −2 would be 99% dissociated at pH 0, that is, in a 1 M HCl solution. Any acid with a p"K"a less than about −2 is said to be a "strong acid". Strong acids are said to be fully dissociated. There is no precise p"K"a value that distinguishes between strong and weak acids because strong acids, such as sulfuric acid, are associated in very concentrated solution.
Calculation of the species concentrations for a polyprotic acid is more complicated unless the pK values are separated by four or more, because three or more species may co-exist at a given pH. The example of citric acid is shown at the right. The pH regions in which the species exist overlap extensively since the difference between successive p"K"a values is small. A large number of computer programs for the calculation of equilibrium species concentrations have been published. Most of them can handle much more complicated equilibria than acid-base equilibria in solution. For details concerning general purpose programs see computer programs for calculating species concentrations in chemical equilibrium.

</doc>
<doc id="18814917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814917" title="Cobbler (software)">
Cobbler (software)

Cobbler is a Linux provisioning server that facilitates and automates the network-based installation of multiple computer operating systems from a central point using services such as DHCP, TFTP, and DNS. It can be configured for PXE, reinstallations, and virtualized guests using Xen, KVM or VMware. Cobbler interacts with the codice_1 program for re-installation and virtualization support. codice_1 and Cobbler use libvirt to integrate with different virtualization software. Cobbler is able to manage complex network scenarios like bridging on a bonded Ethernet link.
Cobbler builds on the Kickstart mechanism and offers installation profiles that can be applied to one or many machines. It also features integration with Yum to aid in machine installs.
Cobbler has features to dynamically change the information contained in a kickstart template (definition), either by passing variables called ksmeta or by using so-called snippets.
An example for a ksmeta variable could be the name of a disk device in the system. This could be inherited from the system's Cobbler profile.
Snippets can be dynamic Python code that expands the limited functionality of Anaconda.
The combination of profiles, ksmeta and snippets gives Cobbler high flexibility; complexity is avoided by keeping the actual "code" in the snippets, of which there can be one for each task in an installation. There are examples for network setup or disk partitioning; keeping common code in snippets helps minimize the size of the kickstart files.
Although Cobbler originally targeted and packaged for RPM-based installs via Kickstart and anaconda, and was previously hosted as part of the Fedora Project since Jan 19, 2011 Cobbler has been packaged for Ubuntu and since 2012 Cobbler is used by Canonical Ltd for test automation of OpenStack on Ubuntu.
Cobbler is also used for provisioning by Red Hat's systems management application, Satellite.

</doc>
<doc id="18814927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814927" title="Ron Hughes (goalkeeper)">
Ron Hughes (goalkeeper)

Ron Hughes was a professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Workington in the Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="18814933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814933" title="Bavarian LE">
Bavarian LE

The steam locomotives of Bavarian Class LE were narrow gauge engines with the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staats-Eisenbahnen").
History.
The engines were manufactured for the metre gauge route between Eichstätt-Stadt and Eichstätt-Bahnhof. In 1885 the railway procured two units and, in 1892, a third. After the 5.2 kilometre long line was extended from Eichstätt by 30 kilometres, two more engines were added in 1898 and 1900. The machines carried railway numbers I - V. 
The Deutsche Reichsbahn took over all five engines in 1925 as Class 99.07 with numbers 99 071–99 075. The first two locomotives were retired by 1932, the remaining three in 1935, after the whole route was converted to standard gauge.
Technical Features.
The engines were of a design by Krauss that, in similar dimensions, was used for other classes, include some for the Felda Railway, later the Prussian T 31, and designated by the factory as XXXV. 
The locomotives had a box frame with a water tank. The short boiler barrel comprised two boiler rings. On top of the boiler were the steam dome, two spring-balance, safety valves and a sand dome. The flat valves were operated by an Allan valve gear, the connecting rod worked the third axle. On the first locomotives the driving gear was also covered, but these were removed around 1908. The coal bunkers were located in front of the driver's cab. The engines carried up to 1.77 m³ of water and 0.65 tonnes of coal.
The air pump for the compressed-air brake was positioned at the front right, next to the smokebox, the air reservoirs were on the right and left of the boiler and the silencer was fixed to the chimney.
Sources.
Ernst Hoecherl: "Eichstätter Schmalspurbahn 1885-1934". Bufe-Fachbuch-Verlag, Egglham und München 1984, ISBN 3-922138-18-7

</doc>
<doc id="18814946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814946" title="Anderswelt">
Anderswelt

Anderswelt is the sixth album released by the German Medieval folk rock band Schandmaul on April 4, 2008. It was recorded from October 2007 to January 2007 at Turnstyle Studio, Berlin, and the HOFA Studios in Karlsdorf and was produced by Thomas Heimann-Trosien. The album contains 14 tracks, including an instrumental, "Fiddlefolkpunk". Thematically, the album focusses on creatures of mythology like sirens ("Sirenen"), werewolves ("Wolfsmensch") and spirits (as in "Stunde des Lichts"). The track "Drei Lieder" (Three Songs) tells of a young bard who participates in a singers' competition to take revenge on the prince who once destroyed his native village and killed his only brother. "Die Königin" (The Queen) is about a bewitched woman who was once good-natured but has been turned into a dragon. The track "Anderswelt"(Other-world) deals with mysterious sightings of figures from the Other-world who were spotted near a Celtic shrine.
Reception.
The album remained in the German Longplay Charts for fifteen weeks, peaking at #8, in the Austrian charts for 3 weeks, peaking at #43 and in the Swiss charts for 2 weeks, peaking at #44. The Austrian webzine "Stormbringer" lauded the album's diversity and balance and rated it five stars out of five. The German "Sonic Seducer" magazine wrote that the general tone of "Anderswelt" was more positive and brighter than that of Schandmaul's prior album "Mit Leib und Seele".

</doc>
<doc id="18814950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814950" title="New Space for Women's Health">
New Space for Women's Health

The New Space for Women’s Health, a project of the Friends of the Birth Center, is building an independent women's health and birth center in midtown Manhattan in early 2010 to provide an alternative center for women to receive health care and give birth in a respectful, attentive and private environment.
History.
The Friends of the Birth Center began with a group of midwives, nurses, families and other supporters that gathered in 2003 after the closing of the Elizabeth-Seton Childbearing Center, which was based in St. Vincent's Hospital. Skyrocketing malpractice insurance forced the center to close its doors with little warning to the staff and to the devastation of the community. Since its closure, Manhattan has been left without a birth center, a truly ironic tragedy since Manhattan was the home of first birth center in the United States, the Childbearing Center opened by the Maternity Center Association in 1975. The Elizabeth Seton Childbearing Center opened in St. Vincent's after the Childbearing Center closed in 1996. 
The New Space for Women's Health is no longer a registered 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization in New York City, its doors were closed in February 2010.
Philosophy.
Previously the facility's About Us page described how the foundation uses the Midwives Model of Care, which is based on the premise that when fully informed, women should be trusted to make responsible choices about their health. 
All women and their newborn babies deserve the best, and we are designing a center specifically to meet the needs of women and their families. The New Space for Women’s Health will be a powerful catalyst for improving the quality of health care for all women in New York City. We are giving the choice back to women in a time when families are being restricted in their decisions in how they can have their children. We avoid the routine use of tests, procedures, drugs, and restrictions, and give evidence-based care solely in the interest of mothers and infants, not at the convenience of the provider.
"The American healthcare system is increasingly dependent upon medical interventions to address what is, most often, a normal and safe physiological process," says Rebecca Benghiat, executive director of the New Space for Women’s Health. "Women are demanding a change and corporations are looking for a more financially viable model. The New Space is both of those, safe and empowering and economically feasible."
Plan for the Birth Center.
These plans have been canceled in light of the fact that NSWH closed its doors in February 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18814951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814951" title="Gabriel Martinez (artist)">
Gabriel Martinez (artist)

Gabriel Martinez (b 1967 in Miami, Florida) is a Cuban-American, interdisciplinary artist based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, working mostly in photography, sculpture, installation and performance.
Martinez graduated from the University of Florida in 1989 with a Bachelors of Fine Arts in Photography. He continued his education at Tyler School of Art, Temple University, earning his Masters of Fine Arts in Photography in 1991. Martinez attended the Skowhegan School of Sculpture and Painting in 2003. Martinez was a Pew Fellowship in the Arts recipient in 2001 and was a Joan Mitchell Foundation Fellowship recipient in 2003. He has received two Individual Artists Grants from the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts. Martinez has been an artist-in-residence at both the Fabric Workshop and Museum and at the Rosenbach Museum and Library, both in Philadelphia.
Martinez’s work over the last seventeen years has most often been focused upon the male body. Early on, Martinez used his own naked body in both photography and performance-based works. His work from about 1997 to present has in many ways embodied the homosexual male gaze upon the heterosexual male body. The work typically evokes tension and apprehension.
His best-known body of work perhaps is “Self Portraits by Heterosexual Men.” In 1998, Martinez created ambrotypes from ‘self-portraits’ recorded on 35mm film by one hundred, presumably straight men who took the shots at the point of manually, self-induced ecstasy (with the assistance of a cable release). In 2007, Martinez revisited this project arming the performers with a digital camera and a remote controlled shutter release with multi-exposure capabilities. This allowed the men to snap several photos during the time of expulsion and gave Martinez the ability to select the most expressive image for the individual giving insight on the location and objects the performer kept around at the time of the act. The project was composed of one hundred 20” x 30” framed c-prints.
Martinez held the position of Director of Graduate Photography Studies from 2004 to 2007 at the University of Pennsylvania and is currently the Coordinator of Undergraduate Photography at University of Pennsylvania.
Martinez work has been exhibited extensively: the Philadelphia Museum of Art (2006); Bernice Steinbaum Gallery, Miami, FL (2004); Philadelphia Art Alliance (2003); Nexus Gallery, Philadelphia (1998, 1995); White Columns, New York, NY (1995). Over seventy group exhibitions since 1989, including Exit Art, NY (2006, 2005); Art Mur Gallery, Montreal, Canada (2005); Gallery Muu, Helsinki, Finland (2004); Athens Institute for Contemporary Art, Athens, GA (2004); Miami Art Central, Miami, FL (2004); Goliath Visual Space, Brooklyn, NY (2004); Samson Projects, Boston (2004); Thread Waxing Space, New York, NY (2000); Cleveland Museum of Art, Cleveland, OH (2000); Fabric Workshop & Museum, Philadelphia, PA (1998); Philadelphia Museum of Art (1998, 1997); Franklin Furnace, New York (1997); Institute of Contemporary Art, Philadelphia (1996); Centro Cultural Ricardo Rojas, Buenos Aires, Argentina (1995); ABC No Rio, New York (1992).
Martinez’s work is represented by Samson Projects in Boston where he had his first solo commercial gallery exhibition entitled “Self-Portraits” in November 2007. Samson Projects produced a catalog for this exhibition.

</doc>
<doc id="18814959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814959" title="Glencairn Balfour Paul">
Glencairn Balfour Paul

Glencairn Balfour Paul CMG (September 23, 1917 – July 2, 2008) was the British Ambassador to Iraq, Jordan and Tunisia before becoming an academic at Exeter University.
He was born in Moniaive in Dumfriesshire, educated at Lime House school near Carlisle, then Sedbergh School, before going to Magdalen College, Oxford, in 1936, to read Classics. He served with the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders during World War II before being sent east to Egypt and then on to Sudan to the Sudan Defence Force. After the war he served the Sudan Political Service as a District Commissioner, before joining the Diplomatic Service in 1955.
He was appointed Ambassador to Iraq in 1969, Ambassador to Jordan in July 1972 and then Ambassador to Tunisia 1975-77.
Having retired from the diplomatic service aged 60, Balfour Paul became Director-General of the Middle East Association in London before joining Exeter University as a Research Fellow in the Centre for Arab Gulf Studies. Whilst at Exeter he produced the volume "The End of Empire in the Middle East" (1991), and the Middle East section of "The Oxford History of the British Empire". He also wrote a collection of poetry, "A Kind of Kindness" (2000).

</doc>
<doc id="18814960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814960" title="List of mathematical series">
List of mathematical series

This list of mathematical series contains formulae for finite and infinite sums. It can be used in conjunction with other tools for evaluating sums.
Sums of powers.
See Faulhaber's formula.
The first few values are:
See zeta constants.
The first few values are:
Power series.
Low-order polylogarithms.
Finite sums:
Infinite sums, valid for formula_22 (see polylogarithm):
The following is a useful property to calculate low-integer-order polylogarithms recursively in closed form:
Exponential function.
where formula_37 is the Touchard polynomials.
Trigonometric functions.
Sums of sines and cosines arise in Fourier series.

</doc>
<doc id="18814992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814992" title="Hu Bin">
Hu Bin

Hu Bin (born 1973) was a Chinese swimmer specialising in the freestyle sprint events. He is best known for winning the silver medal at the inaugural 1993 FINA Short Course World Championships in Palma de Mallorca, Spain, behind Great Britain's Mark Foster.

</doc>
<doc id="18814997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18814997" title="List of Ulster-related topics">
List of Ulster-related topics

The territorial extent covered by the term Ulster may vary, reflecting the prevalent deep political and cultural divisions. 
Political and paramilitary organizations, parties and movements having "Ulster" as part of their name are almost invariably on the Unionist side; military and police units having such names are often accused of a pro-Unionist bias. That is, however, not necessarily the case with names in other spheres including "Ulster". For example, Ulster sports associations and teams often form part of an all-Ireland structure and thus, while not overtly political, are favorably regarded by Irish Nationalists.

</doc>
<doc id="18815008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815008" title="Gareth Parrington">
Gareth Parrington

Gareth Parrington is a former child actor who appeared in "Boon", "Soldier, Soldier" and "Harry's Mad".
Parrington played the part of a young boy in Boon, then James Anderson in Soldier, Soldier and the lead character Harry Holdsworth in the CITV comedy-drama Harry's Mad. In later years, he has worked as a snowboarding instructor.
Filmography.
Gareth Parrington has appeared in the following TV shows:

</doc>
<doc id="18815017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815017" title="Russell Webb (musician)">
Russell Webb (musician)

Russell Webb (born 1958, Glasgow, Scotland) is a Scottish new wave bass guitarist who was member of bands like Slik, PVC2 (both with Midge Ure), Zones, Skids, The Armoury Show and Public Image Ltd, and collaborated with Richard Jobson and Virginia Astley and The Who.
Biography.
Slik and PVC2.
In 1977, future Ultravox and Live Aid face, guitarist and singer Midge Ure, drummer Kenny Hyslop, keyboardist Billy McIsaac and bassist Jim McGinlay had commercial failures as a band, named Slik, of different styles like glam and soft rock and bubblegum pop, playing since 1975 different promising songs such as "Forever And Ever" and "Requiem", but punk rock originated their falling, so McGinlay left in early 1977. Webb, who recently dropped out of university, replaced him and Slik changed their name to PVC2 and also their musical style to punk. It is unknown if McGinlay left or Webb replaced him when the band made those changes. PVC2 released one single, "Put You in the Picture", in 1977.
Zones.
By late 1977/early 1978, Webb and the rest of PVC2 called Alex Harvey's cousin Willie Gardner to replace Ure, who went to join Glen Matlock's Rich Kids, and founded Zones. This band released different singles during 1978 and 1979 and one album called "Under Influence" in the latter year. The Zones failed to get success and split up shortly afterwards.
Skids.
Without Kenny Hyslop and Billy McIsaac, he joined Skids halfway through their career in February 1980, replacing co-founding member William Simpson. Webb performed on the last two Skids albums, "The Absolute Game" released in 1980 and 1981s "Joy", which he also produced. During that time, he was collaborating with Jobson's solo career and engineering The Who's new recordings, which were incomplete because that band split up.
The Armoury Show.
After Skids broke up, he and Jobson along with guitarist John McGeoch (formerly of Magazine and Siouxsie and the Banshees) and drummer John Doyle (also of "Magazine") formed "The Armoury Show" in 1983. They only recorded one album in their brief existence called "Waiting for the Floods", which was critically acclaimed but a commercial letdown. The band released more singles until 1988, when they broke up.
Public Image Ltd.
In mid-to-end 1992, Webb joined John Lydon's post-Sex Pistols band, Public Image Ltd, replacing bassist Allan Dias.
After popular music career.
After PiL, he formed his own band, then retired to be a videogame designer and wrote TV scores with his Armoury Show mate, John McGeoch, until the death of the latter in 2004.
Webb currently is contributing music to radio dramas by Blue Hours Productions, a company specializing in retro horror/sci-fi/fantasy drama for radio and the Internet.
He currently lives in Somerset, England.

</doc>
<doc id="18815020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815020" title="Sde Boaz">
Sde Boaz

Sde Boaz (, lit. "Boaz's Field") is an Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located on a hill above Neve Daniel, it falls under the jurisdiction of Gush Etzion Regional Council.
In its charter, Sde Boaz proclaims its desire to live in peace with its Arab neighbors and eschew violence. It is an environmentally friendly agricultural community that accepts both religious and non-religious Jews. 
History.
The settlement was established in 2002 by Hananel Shear-Yashuv, who claimed the land by moving a shipping container to the top of the hill and moving into it. It is named after Boaz from the Book of Ruth.
In 2006 Sde Boaz was the site of a massive protest against the court-ordered Israeli Defense Force (IDF) destruction of illegal Israeli construction. The IDF managed to destroy a small house and a stable as the court had ordered, but hundreds of Israeli protesters prevented the soldiers from destroying the foundation of a house under construction.
By 2008, some residents of Sde Boaz were being trained by Mishmeret Yesha, a non-profit organization that teaches settlers counterterrorism techniques and the use of guns so that they can form "rapid response teams." The IDF supplies settlers who've received the training with M16 rifles and ammunition.
Demographics.
Most of the residents are professionals who commute to work. Apart from communal agriculture projects, some families engage in private organic farming, raising chickpeas, cauliflower, tomatoes, watermelons, lettuce, grapes, mulberries and olives. Experimental crops include tomatillos, North American pumpkins and sweet peas.
Status under international law.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has called outposts like Sde Boaz a "disgrace." On taking office in 2006, Olmert began the destruction of illegal outposts in order to comply with the terms of the Road map for peace and by 2008 had agreed to dismantle Sde Boaz among these.

</doc>
<doc id="18815021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815021" title="Unimak Pass">
Unimak Pass

Unimak Pass is a wide strait between the Bering Sea and the North Pacific Ocean southwest of Unimak Island in the Aleutian Islands in Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="18815033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815033" title="Cẩm Khê District">
Cẩm Khê District

Cẩm Khê is a mountainous district in western Phú Thọ Province, Vietnam. The district borders Hạ Hòa District to the north, Tam Nông District to the south, Yên Lập District to the west, and Thanh Ba District to the east. It covers an area of 234.2 square kilometres.
According to 2002 census figures, the district has a population of 128,537 and a workforce of 65,720.
Administrative divisions.
The district contains one township Sông Thao and 30 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="18815037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815037" title="Isogenous">
Isogenous

Isogenous may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18815039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815039" title="Zhang Xi">
Zhang Xi

Zhang Xi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18815053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815053" title="Umnak Pass">
Umnak Pass

Umnak Pass is a strait between the Bering Sea and the North Pacific Ocean in the Aleutian Islands in Alaska. It lies between Unalaska Island to the northeast and Umnak Island to the southwest.

</doc>
<doc id="18815055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815055" title="Izvorul Lespezi River">
Izvorul Lespezi River

The Izvorul Lespezi is a tributary of the Şasa River in Romania

</doc>
<doc id="18815060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815060" title="Meritus University">
Meritus University

Meritus University is the Canadian brand name of a for-profit university owned and operated by the Apollo Group in the United States, the owners of the University of Phoenix. The offices of the company were located in New Brunswick, Canada. On January 24, 2011, citing how "enrollment will continue to be insufficient to sustain the required quality academic and student service infrastructure we and our students demand", Meritus University announced its closure, with their last classes taking place on March 14, 2011. Student's academic records were transferred to the University of Phoenix 
Programs.
Meritus University offered undergraduate degree and Masters degree programs.
Degree granting status.
Meritus University’s degree programs were recognized by the New Brunswick Department of Post-Secondary Education, Training and Labour.
Scholarships.
The University joined Project Hero, a scholarship program cofounded by Rick Hillier for the families of fallen Canadian Forces members.

</doc>
<doc id="18815067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815067" title="Savili">
Savili

Savili is a town in the Sabou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 2,945.

</doc>
<doc id="18815075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815075" title="Urloiu River">
Urloiu River

The Urloiu River is a tributary of the Şasa River in Romania

</doc>
<doc id="18815077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815077" title="Hussein Mumin">
Hussein Mumin

Hussein Mumin (, , born 24 March 1987 in Passos-Rhodope, Greece) is a professional football midfielder currently playing for Panetolikos. 
He is the first Turk to play for the Greek national team. A Turk from Western Thrace has become the first from his region of Greece to wear the uniform of the national Greek football team. 
Hüseyin played 6 February 2007 in the match between Greek and Albanian junior national teams, wearing the Greek national uniform and becoming the first Turk to do so in the process. When asked by reporters to comment on how it was being a Turkish Muslim player on a Greek national team, Hüseyin said this: ""In football, there is only one religion: the ball itself.""

</doc>
<doc id="18815078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815078" title="Tanghin-Wobdo">
Tanghin-Wobdo

Tanghin-Wobdo is a town in the Sabou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,065.

</doc>
<doc id="18815086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815086" title="Qualicum-Graham Park">
Qualicum-Graham Park

Qualicum-Graham Park or Qualicum is a suburban neighbourhood in College Ward in the City of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. It is located in the former City of Nepean in the west end of the city. Many of the residences in the area are executive homes situated on large lots (100x100). Qualicum Street boasts large custom houses built by Bill Teron. The neighbourhood is bounded to the north by the Queensway, to the west by Richmond Road, to the south by Baseline Road, and to the east by Morrison Drive at the former Ottawa-Nepean border towards Redwood. Named after Qualicum Beach in British Columbia.
According to the Canada 2011 Census, the total population of the neighbourhood was 1,715.
Most of the streets are named after Aboriginals Indians and towns in British Columbia, these streets are located in the western part of the community:
The neighbourhood was originally woods and farms. At the southwest tip of Qualicum the Bruce family owned the farm until the community's development in 1961. Today the farm is Bruce Farm Park. The community was built between 1961 and 1967. 
Other main streets in the neighbourhood are Queensline and Beaumaris.
Graham Creek meanders through the neighbourhood. Starts at the Bruce Pit Quarry near Trend-Arlington and ends at Andrew Hayden Park at the Ottawa River.
For schools there is Ecole Maimonides School (formerly Graham Park Public School) an private French school, Our Lady of Peace Catholic School in Bells Corners, Leslie Park, Grant Alternative (formerly Christie Public School), Knoxdale and Greenbank Middle School. For high schools there is St. Paul's (formerly Sir John A. MacDonald High School), Franco Ouest, Sir Robert Borden and Bell High School (Ottawa). Maimondies was formerly Graham Park Public School. Graham Park operated from 1964 until 1988 due to a decline in population. The school was demoished in June 2011.
The community is close to many attractions and amenities. It is home to The Queesnway Carleton Hospital which opened in 1976; was originally part of the Bruce farmland. It is very close to Bayshore Shopping Centre and Pinecrest Shopping Mall.
Parks in the neighbourhood include Mohawk, Okanagan, Qualicum, Valley Stream, and Nanamio/Graham Park. It is also very close to Morrison Park in Redwood. The Valley Stream Park is home to the Valley Stream Tennis Club. In 2010 a community centre was built in Graham Park which host the Qualicum-Graham Park Community Association monthly meetings.
Qualicum Woods a grouping of townhouses on Draper and Baseline in Redwood have been torn down and built into condominiums in Fall 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18815101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815101" title="Siglé">
Siglé

Siglé is a town in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It is the capital of Siglé Department and has a population of 2,224.

</doc>
<doc id="18815114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815114" title="Balogho">
Balogho

Balogho is a town in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,428.

</doc>
<doc id="18815116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815116" title="Fraser Walker">
Fraser Walker

Fraser Walker (born 1973) was a Scottish swimmer specialising in the individual medley events. He is best known for winning the silver medal in the men's 200 m individual medley at the inaugural 1993 FINA Short Course World Championships in Palma de Mallorca, Spain, behind Germany's Christian Keller. He won a gold medal at the 1993 World Student Games in Buffalo, New York, USA and represented Scotland at the 1994 Commonwealth Games where he won the Bronze medal in the 200 Metres Individual Medley.
He was also the first ever British swimmer to break the two minute barrier for the 200 m individual medley with a time of 1 minute 58.35 which was set in 1993 also at the World Championships in Palma De Mallorca. This stood as the British record for four and a half years and the Scottish record for 14 years. He swam for Warrender Baths Club in Edinburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="18815122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815122" title="Bureau of Normalization">
Bureau of Normalization

The Bureau of Normalization (NBN; ; ) is the Belgian national organization for standardization and is that country's ISO member body.
Its name was changed in 2003 from "Belgian Institute for Normalization".

</doc>
<doc id="18815126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815126" title="Bologo">
Bologo

Bologo is a town in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 6,029.

</doc>
<doc id="18815134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815134" title="Shafarevich conjecture">
Shafarevich conjecture

In mathematics, the Shafarevich conjecture, named for Igor Shafarevich, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18815135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815135" title="Cannone da 75/27 modello 06">
Cannone da 75/27 modello 06

The Cannone da 75/27 modello 06 was a field gun used by Italy during World War I and World War II. It was a license-built copy of the Krupp Kanone M 1906 gun. It had seats for two crewmen attached to the gunshield as was common practice for the period. Captured weapons were designated by the Wehrmacht during World War II as the 7.5 cm Feldkanone 237(i). Special fortress versions were produced as the Cannone da 75/27 modello 06 in Casmatta and in Caverna. These had different carriages suitable for static use.
Many guns were modernized for tractor-towing with pressed-steel wheels and rubber rims. These weighed some more than the original version with spoked wooden wheels.
The Cannone da 75/27 modello 12 was a modello 06 modified for greater elevation (-12° to +18° 30') and lighter weight (only ). Only small numbers seem to have been produced. The Germans designated captured guns as the 7.5 cm Feldkanone 245(i).
Both references listed below credit these guns with over range, but this seems highly unlikely given the limited elevation of both the modello 06 and modello 12.

</doc>
<doc id="18815137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815137" title="HMS Reindeer (1883)">
HMS Reindeer (1883)

HMS "Reindeer" was a Royal Navy "Mariner"-class composite screw gunvessel of 8 guns.
Construction.
Designed by Nathaniel Barnaby, the Royal Navy Director of Naval Construction, her hull was of composite construction; that is, iron keel, frames, stem and stern posts with wooden planking. She was fitted with a 2-cylinder horizontal compound expansion steam engine driving a single screw, produced by Hawthorn Leslie. She was rigged with three masts, with square rig on the fore- and main-masts, making her a barque-rigged vessel. Her keel was laid at Devonport Royal Dockyard on 15 January 1883 and she was launched on 14 November 1883. Her entire class were re-classified in November 1884 as sloops before they entered service.
Career.
She was converted to a boom defence vessel in 1904, and was lent to the Liverpool Salvage Association as a salvage vessel in 1917. Re-engined in 1918 by Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company with a engine, she was renamed "Reindeer I" and sold to the Halifax Shipyard Ltd as a salvage ship on 12 July 1924. She was abandoned at sea on 12 March 1932. Her 30 crew were rescued by the ocean liner .

</doc>
<doc id="18815153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815153" title="Jörn Lenz">
Jörn Lenz

Jörn Lenz (born 12 April 1969 in Warnemünde) is a German former footballer who played as a defender. During his career, Lenz had four different spells with Berliner FC Dynamo, and continues to serve as part of the club's backroom staff after retiring in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18815170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815170" title="Sevazhayr">
Sevazhayr

Sevazhayr (), is a village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia. It belongs to the community of Vardahovit.

</doc>
<doc id="18815183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815183" title="Harry Meacher">
Harry Meacher

Harry Meacher is a British actor, director and playwright. He is married to actress Judi Bowker.
Biography.
Harry Meacher originated in Hainault, near Chigwell, in Essex. In his teens he worked with Joan Littlewood in Stratford and with James Cooper in Ilford.
He won a scholarship to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, then performed at the Royal Court Theatre, in London's West End and at many leading regional venues. At the National Theatre he worked with Laurence Olivier, and later played Martin Dysart during the run of the original production of "Equus" directed by John Dexter.
One of his early appearances as a leading actor was seen by Alec Guinness, who said to him afterwards, "You were very good.
"The Times" said so. I read their review. And I know you did - because you were playing the review, rather than the part! Promise me you will stop reading reviews." Meacher stopped reading drama criticism.
Roles in Shakespeare included Pistol to Frank Middlemass's Falstaff, and Exton to Ian McKellen's Richard II. In the death scene at one performance, Exton's blade broke the skin on the King's back; McKellen appeared ready for the curtain call handing Meacher a stiff drink to help him get over it.
He also performed in "Twelfth Night" and "A Midsummer Night's Dream".
His screen appearances have ranged from series such as "Dixon of Dock Green", "The Scarlet Pimpernel", "Softly Softly", "Special Branch" and "The Troubleshooters" to major films, including "Trial By Combat", "Transatlantis" and "Kannibal".
He has written and adapted plays which have been performed in London, and he toured the Mediterranean with his wife Judi Bowker in his own play "The Brownings". His plays "Buccaneer" and "A Haunting Twist" have been seen in New York and elsewhere in America. He has toured capital cities in the Middle and Far East, Australia and New Zealand. His adaptations include works by Chekhov, Ibsen, Strindberg, Gorky and Dickens. With Kit Gerould he co-wrote "The Sensualist" which played at the Arts Theatre in London. He directed and performed in "Uncle Vanya" which won Time Out's Critics' Choice award.
He has played the title roles in "King Lear", "Macbeth", "Othello", "Richard III", "Ivanov", Shylock in "The Merchant of Venice" and Prospero in "The Tempest". In his own adaptation from Conan Doyle, he portrayed Sherlock Holmes. He directed "Hedda Gabler" starring Judi Bowker.
He co-founded Coachhouse Films, whose work has been shown on television.

</doc>
<doc id="18815190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815190" title="Jefferson Boulevard">
Jefferson Boulevard

Jefferson Boulevard is a street in Los Angeles and Culver City. Its eastern terminus is at Central Avenue east of Exposition Park. At its entrance to Culver City, it splits with National Boulevard. North of Sawtelle Boulevard, it merges with Sepulveda Boulevard. Jefferson returns before Slauson Avenue and ends at Culver Boulevard; its western terminus is near Playa Del Rey.
On April 2, 2011, a portion of the street fronting Galen Center at Figueroa Street was blocked off for the "Orange Carpet" and the grandstand for the broadcasting of the 2011 Kids' Choice Awards pre-show. A stage was set up for the musical performances.
Education and transportation.
University of Southern California (USC) is located on Jefferson Boulevard from Figueroa Street to Vermont Avenue. Its sports arena, the Galen Center is located at the southeast corner of Jefferson and Figueroa.
Bus service is operated through Jefferson Boulevard between Playa Vista and Culver City by Metro Local line 110, Culver City and West L.A. Transit Center by Culver City Transit line 4, West LA Transit Center and USC by Metro Local line 38, and east of USC by Metro Local line 102. The Metro Expo Line serves two stations at Jefferson: one at Flower Street near USC and the other on La Cienega Boulevard.
Little New Orleans.
Los Angeles saw an influx of Creole peoples to the area in the mid 1900s to the point that by the 1950s a portion of Jefferson Boulevard and Jefferson Park (a 1.28-square-mile neighborhood that ran partially along Jefferson Boulevard) was unofficially dubbed "Little New Orleans". The population was predominantly Creole and held many Creole-owned businesses such as the Big Loaf Bakery, which was considered to be the "only place in Los Angeles that made New Orleans style French bread".

</doc>
<doc id="18815206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815206" title="The Minstrel's Curse">
The Minstrel's Curse

German progressive metal act Noekk released their third studio album "The Minstrel's Curse" on February 22, 2008. It was recorded and mixed during summer 2007 by Markus Stock and produced by MK for Prophecy Productions. The songs were composed and performed by Noekk and special guest Allen B. Konstanz.

</doc>
<doc id="18815212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815212" title="Giannis Apostolidis">
Giannis Apostolidis

Giannis Apostolidis (born 14 October 1988) is a professional football midfielder who plays for Makedonikos F.C. in the Gamma Ethniki. He previously played for Panetolikos in the Greek third division, on loan from Skoda Xanthi F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="18815244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815244" title="Monica Theodorescu">
Monica Theodorescu

Monica Theodorescu (born 2 March 1963 in Halle, North Rhine-Westphalia), is a German equestrian and dressage rider.
Biography.
Born in Halle, North Rhine-Westphalia, Monica Theodorescu is the daughter of the German, former Romanian, dressage rider George Theodorescu and the German show jumping rider Inge Theodorescu (born as Inge Fellgiebel). Inge Fellgiebel was the daughter of Hans Fellgiebel, the brother of Erich Fellgiebel, a "July 20th" conspirator.
In 2012, German Olympic Equestrian Committee appointed Theodorescu the new German dressage team trainer.

</doc>
<doc id="18815255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815255" title="The Kathmandu Post">
The Kathmandu Post

The Kathmandu Post is a major daily newspaper published in Nepal. Centred in the capital Kathmandu, it is one of the largest English-language newspapers in the country. "The Kathmandu Post" is independently owned, and is published by Kantipur Publications, the owners of Nepal's largest selling newspaper, the Nepali-language "Kantipur". It is a member of the Asia News Network, an alliance of nineteen Asian newspapers.
In October 2007, the offices of "The Kathmandu Post" were attacked by the All Nepal Printing and Publication Workers' Union, a group connected to the former Maoist rebels of the Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist). The printing press was vandalized, stopping the paper from being published. Two hundred journalists and legal professionals marched in Kathmandu in protest at the attacks.
The Kathmandu Post continues daily publication, and includes an online newspaper written in both English and Nepali (ekantipur.com/en/).

</doc>
<doc id="18815275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815275" title="Canadian cricket team in Ireland in 2008">
Canadian cricket team in Ireland in 2008

The Canadian cricket team toured Ireland on 12 August 2008. The teams were scheduled to play one One-day International before the end of the tour on 12 August 2008 – the planned game was abandoned due to inclement weather without a ball being bowled.

</doc>
<doc id="18815304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815304" title="Food Detectives">
Food Detectives

Food Detectives was a food science show hosted by Ted Allen that aired in North America on Food Network. Ted Allen, backed by research conducted by "Popular Science" magazine, investigates food-related beliefs, such as the validity of the five-second rule or the effectiveness of ginger to relieve motion sickness. In addition to support from scientists such as molecular biologist Dr. Adam Ruben and "Popular Science" staff members, Allen is assisted on-screen by a group of so-called "Food Techs," often-silent assistants who are the participants in simple experiments exploring food-related myths, beliefs, practices, and folkways.

</doc>
<doc id="18815325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815325" title="Hank Phillippi Ryan">
Hank Phillippi Ryan

Hank Phillippi Ryan is an American investigative reporter for Channel 7 News on WHDH-TV, the NBC-affiliate station for Boston, Massachusetts. She is also an author of mystery novels.
Biography.
Ryan is a native of Indianapolis, Indiana. She attended Western College for Women in Oxford, Ohio and also studied abroad at the International School in Hamburg, Germany. Her first job in broadcasting was in 1971 as reporter for WIBC radio, then after a stint as a legislative assistant in Washington DC for the Administrative Practice and Procedure Subcommittee of the Senate Judiciary Committee, she became an editorial assistant at Rolling Stone Magazine's Washington Bureau.
She joined WTHR-TV in Indianapolis as political reporter in 1975, then WSB-TV in Atlanta in 1976 as political reporter and weekend anchor.
Ryan joined WHDH-TV in 1983 as a general assignment reporter and . In 1989, she was named principal reporter for the station's investigative unit. Ryan has won 28 Emmy Awards and 12 Edward R. Murrow Awards for her investigative and consumer reporting.
Her first published novel, "Prime Time" won the Agatha Award for best new mystery of 2007. Her follow-up mystery, "Face Time", was published in 2008 (and re-issued in 2009) and was a Book Sense Notable Book. Both books feature Boston investigative reporter Charlotte "Charlie" McNally and are published by MIRA Books.
"Air Time" (MIRA/Sept 2009), the third in the series, was an Agatha Award nominee for Best Mystery of 2009, as well as a 2010 Anthony Award nominee for Best Paperback Mystery. The fourth in the series, "Drive Time" (MIRA/Feb 2010), received a starred review from Library Journal, saying it "places Ryan in the same league as Lisa Scottoline". It also received a nomination for "Best Paperback original" at the 2011 Anthony Awards.
Ryan's short story "On the House" (QUARRY, 2009) won the Agatha Award, Anthony Award and Macavity Award for Best Short Story. Her essay "Masquerade" appears in the ITW anthology "Thrillers: 100 Must-Reads".
Her newest series of thrillers begins with the best-selling THE OTHER WOMAN (Forge/ Sept 2012.) It won the Mary Higgins Clark award, and was nominated for the Anthony, Agatha, Daphne, Shamus and Macavity awards. It is an Indie Next GREAT READ, chosen as a Best Book of 2012 by Suspense Magazine, and an RTBR Reviewers Choice nominee for Best Mystery/Suspense novel of 2012.
Her newest thriller, THE WRONG GIRL (Forge/2013), now a Boston Globe bestseller.
Her website is http://www.HankPhillippiRyan.com
Ryan lives with her husband in suburban Boston.

</doc>
<doc id="18815342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815342" title="Mora Banc Grup">
Mora Banc Grup

Banc Internacional d'Andorra - Banca Mora (BIBM or bibm) is the joint trading name of two Andorran banks, Banc Internacional d'Andorra and its wholly owned subsidiary Banca Mora. The two are known collectively as BIBM (styled bibm internally) or Inter-Mora. The consolidated bank accounts for just under 30% of Andorran domestic banking net assets and slightly over 30% of deposits.

</doc>
<doc id="18815354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815354" title="Dimitris Komesidis">
Dimitris Komesidis

Dimitris Komesidis (Greek: Δημήτρης Κομεσίδης; born 2 February 1988) is a professional football defender who plays for Skoda Xanthi F.C. in the Greek Super League.
He has previously played for Alexandroupoli Enosi and Panetolikos in the Gamma Ethniki on loan from Xanthi.

</doc>
<doc id="18815371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815371" title="Kimboza Forest">
Kimboza Forest

Kimboza Forest is a forest in Tanzania that is being depleted by deforestation. The forest is located at .
The area is of special conservation interest due to the range of medicinal wild plant species used by local inhabitants around the Kimboza forest reserve. 
Kimboza National Forest Reserve was established in 1964. It is currently recognized as an IUCN Category IV — Habitat/Species Management Area. The area is home to at least 226 vertebrate species, including 52 amphibians and 174 mammals. Several endangered species are recorded from the area including lion and black rhino as well as lesser-known species. The reserve is adjacent to Mikumi National Park about 180 miles west of Dar es Salaam.
The forest holds special significance for conservation of the turquoise gecko ("Lygodactylus williamsi"), being only one of two localities in Tanzania where this critically endangered species is found.

</doc>
<doc id="18815392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815392" title="Boukou">
Boukou

Boukou is a town in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,024.

</doc>
<doc id="18815396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815396" title="Protosphargis">
Protosphargis

Protosphargis is an extinct genus of sea turtle from the Upper Cretaceous of Italy. It was first named by Capellini in 1884.

</doc>
<doc id="18815411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815411" title="Alan K. Avery">
Alan K. Avery

Alan K. Avery (born May 24, 1961 in North Carolina) is an art dealer residing in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. Avery primarily deals with art from the southeastern United States, representing the works of important American artists such as Robert Rauschenberg, Jim Dine, Andy Warhol, Roy Lichtenstein.
He was the original founder of the Atlanta Gallery Association and the Atlanta Public Arts Project, and is invited to speak and jury exhibitions throughout the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18815413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815413" title="Dacissé, Siglé">
Dacissé, Siglé

Dacissé, Siglé is a town in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,548.

</doc>
<doc id="18815422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815422" title="85th meridian west">
85th meridian west

The meridian 85° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Gulf of Mexico, the Caribbean Sea, Central America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 85th meridian west forms a great circle with the 95th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 85th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18815434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815434" title="Daurnogomdé">
Daurnogomdé

Daurnogomdé is a village in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 660.

</doc>
<doc id="18815448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815448" title="Laze &amp; Royal">
Laze &amp; Royal

Laze & Royal are an alternative pop production duo from Hollywood, California. The group is made up of 24-year old twin brothers, Bennett "Laze" Armstrong and Justyn "Royal" Armstrong.
Background.
Born to an African-American father (who sang tenor for The Platters) and an Austrian mother (herself a stage singer), the brothers were raised in Los Angeles, CA by their mother. "Our mom was always playing everything in the house from Al Green to Kenny G, or The Platters", says Bennett. "Of course for us like every other young kid at first we were all about Michael Jackson. Then through our older brother Jeff we got into Snoop, N.W.A, Sublime, Eve 6 and Nirvana."
Having traveled the country on multiple nationwide tours and collaborating in the studio with Bruno Mars, Kesha, Kara Dioguardi, The Writing Camp, Mitch Allen, The Smeezingtons, Myah Marie, Brian Kennedy, E-40, Christina Milian, The Game, Baby Bash, Polow Da Don, Chris Brown, Yung Berg, Tyga, VIC, Hurricane Chris, Scott Storch, DJ Unk, Cherish, along with scoring many major movie and television shows ("", "Four Brothers", "Barbershop 2", "Bring it On 2", "Like Mike 2", etc.), LAZE & ROYAL began rapping at the age of 11 when they were discovered by producer Christopher "TRICKY" Stewart (Producer of Rihanna's "Umbrella", Justin Bieber's "Baby" and more).
In 2008, their song "Like A Pistol" grabbed the attention of world famous songwriter/producer and newly appointed judge on "American Idol", Kara DioGuardi. Having created platinum hits for artists including Christina Aguilera, Celine Dion, Gwen Stefani, Kelly Clarkson, and Santana, DioGuardi fell in love with Laze & Royal right away.
After touring the country with acts such as Shwayze, and Tyga, they are currently wrapping up their reality show which also features Kara DioGuardi. Laze & Royal are also busy in the studio with artists such as Christina Milian, Scott Storch, Brian Kennedy, Cisco Adler, Tyga, along with many others. They are also hard at work on their debut album "Hollywood Ate Me Alive" which is executive-produced by Kara Dioguardi and Laze & Royal themselves.
Laze and Royal are now part of the pop supergroup My Crazy Girlfriend signed to Capitol Records by A&R Executive Mike Flynn (The Fray, Sara Bareilles)
Discography.
Brandyn Burnette TBA
Bruno Mars "All She Knows" (Producers)
Mann - Hooked On Phonics (Producers)
Cali Swag District "Smoke" (Producers)
Eva (feat. Gucci Mane) "Not My Daddy" (Producers)
Eva (feat. Tyga) "Body On Mine" (Producers)
Ke$ha "Leave It Alone" (Producers)
Laze & Royal "Twisted" (feat. Brody) (Producers)
Chris Brown (feat. Wiz Khalifa) "Glidin" (Producers)
Christina Milian "Ring Me Up" (Producers)
Myah Marie "Stiletto Sex" (Producers)
Nipsey Hussle "Cold" (feat. Nathan Sela & Privaledge) (Producers)
Privaledge (feat. Trina) "Thinkin' Of You" (Producers)
Tyga "Echo" (Producers)
Tyga "Circus" (Producers)
Tyga (feat. The Game) "Switch Lanes" (Co-Producers)
Tyler Sherritt "Maze" (Co-Writers)
YG "This Year" (Co-Producers)

</doc>
<doc id="18815458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815458" title="Kouria">
Kouria

Kouria is a town in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 2,224.

</doc>
<doc id="18815463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815463" title="IFAF U-19 World Cup">
IFAF U-19 World Cup

The IFAF JU-19 World Cup is the world championship of American football for players under the age of 19 organized by the International Federation of American Football. It was announced on June 2008 and the first competition started on Saturday, June 27, 2009 at Canton, Ohio. The tournament replaced the eleven-year running NFL Global Junior Championship and will be held every two years.
The 2012 IFAF U-19 World Championship shall be played at Burger Stadium in Austin, Texas from Saturday, June 30, to Saturday, July 7, 2012. The 2012 Championship tournament shall feature the national teams of American Samoa, Austria, Canada, France, Japan, Panama, Sweden and the United States.
Teams.
The 2015 Championship tournament shall feature the national teams of Kuwait and the Canada (champions 2012).

</doc>
<doc id="18815470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815470" title="Lallé, Boulkiemdé">
Lallé, Boulkiemdé

Lallé, Boulkiemdé is a town in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 2,392.

</doc>
<doc id="18815485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815485" title="1975–76 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1975–76 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1975–76 campaign was the first season in the 67 years existence of the club, that the team had been in the fourth tier of the Football League. Under Bobby Collins and then Tom Johnston, Town managed a 4th round appearance in the season's FA Cup competition and a 5th place finish in Division 4. Town managed to finish just one place and two points behind 4th-placed Tranmere Rovers.
Review.
Following their third relegation in four seasons, Town started the 1975–76 season in the Fourth Division, a level never seen by the Terriers, or by any team who had won the First Division. The Board had decided to return Town to the all-blue kit. The early part of the season under Bobby Collins and general manager Tom Johnston saw Town make a steady early start to the campaign, which only seemed to have a minor falter between late October and just before Christmas saw Town lose 6 out of 10 games, although the other 4 in that run were wins. The strain of general manager Johnston took its toll on manager Collins, who resigned two days before Christmas, with Johnston taking over, making him the first man in the club's history to have the job twice (Although, that is strictly speaking untrue as Ian Greaves was caretaker manager in 1964, before taking the job on a full-time basis in 1968 .).
Under Johnston, Town went on a pulsating run in the FA Cup 4th round, which led to a match-up with Bolton Wanderers, now managed by Ian Greaves, which Town narrowly lost 1–0. But, near the end of the season, Town without top scorer Terry Gray and his strike partner Bobby Campbell were both out with broken legs. Town's form plummeted as they only won 1 of their last 12 league games, whereas if any 3 of those winless games had resulted in wins, Town would have got promoted back into Division 3 at the first attempt, but instead they found themselves languishing in the division for another 4 seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="18815495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815495" title="Woodforde's Brewery">
Woodforde's Brewery

Woodforde’s Brewery is a micro-brewery located in Slad Lane in the village of Woodbastwick, in the county of Norfolk. The brewery produced its first commercial brew in 1981 from original brewery in the village of Drayton north east of Norwich. In 1996 the brewery’s popular Wherry bitter became CAMRA Supreme Champion Beer of Britain.
History.
The brewery is named after Parson James Woodforde who lived at Weston Longville. Parson Woodforde was a noted eighteenth century Norfolk clergyman, whose diaries revealed his passion for good food and good ale which he often brewed himself.
Tied houses.
The brewery has two tied houses, both in the county of Norfolk. The brewery itself has a Brewery tap called the Fur & Feather situated next to the brewery in the village of Woodbastwick. The second house is situated in the village of Ingham in north east Norfolk, and is called The Ingham Swan. The Ingham Swan serves high quality cuisine, prepared by Michelin star chef Daniel Smith. See external links for website.

</doc>
<doc id="18815497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815497" title="Peter Kennaugh">
Peter Kennaugh

Peter Kennaugh MBE (born 15 June 1989) is a Manx professional racing cyclist who currently rides for UCI ProTour team . In 2012 he won the gold medal as part of the Great Britain Team Pursuit team at the 2012 Summer Olympics becoming the first Manxman in 100 years to win gold.
Career.
Early life and career.
Born in Douglas, Isle of Man, Peter's younger brother Tim, and their father are also cyclists. He began cycling competitively in BMX at the age of 6. Kennaugh attended school at St Ninian's.
He became a member of British Cyclings Olympic Academy in 2008, moving with the rest of the squad to live in Tuscany, Italy. In 2008 he came second in the senior British National Road Race Championships thus becoming the British under 23 champion. In February 2009 he became the British Madison Champion partnering Mark Christian.
Team Sky.
On 9 September 2009, it was announced that Kennaugh would turn professional in 2010, riding for the new British professional . He was described by "Cycling Weekly" as "the most talented youngster to roll off the Isle of Man production line since his friend and star sprinter Mark Cavendish".
2010.
In 2010, he focused on track cycling, winning the individual pursuit and scratch race at the British National Championships. He finished second to Sky teammate Geraint Thomas in the 2010 British National Road Race Championships. Kennaugh made his grand tour debut in the 2010 Vuelta a España, but Sky withdrew following the death of carer Txema Gonzalez.
2011.
In 2011, Kennaugh was a last minute replacement for Serge Pauwels in the 2011 Giro d'Italia, and finished 86th in his first Giro. Kennaugh finished 3rd overall in the Route du Sud, but was not selected for the 2011 Tour de France. He came in 3rd behind teammates Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas in the National Road Race Championships. In August, he finished fifth overall in the 2011 Tour de Pologne.
2012.
In 2012, he began focusing on track cycling. He was part of the four-man Great Britain pursuit team that set a new world record time of 3:53.295 seconds to win gold in the 2012 UCI Track Cycling World Championships on 4 April 2012 in Melbourne. That achievement however was bettered on 3 August when he formed part of the Team GB pursuit team alongside Ed Clancy, Geraint Thomas, Steven Burke, that not only took Gold at the 2012 Summer Olympics but, with a time of 3:51.659, shattered their own World Record that they had set in qualifying. Kennaugh was the first Manxman to win an Olympic gold since 1912
Kennaugh was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to cycling.
2013.
Kennaugh focused fully on the road in 2013. He played a supporting role in Chris Froome's overall victory at the Tour of Oman in February. Kennaugh was part of the Sky team that won the team time trial at the Giro del Trentino in April, but he was not selected to ride the Giro d'Italia. Instead, Kennaugh won the Lincoln Grand Prix before playing a key role as a mountain domestique as Froome and Richie Porte took a 1–2 overall in the Critérium du Dauphiné in June. He was selected to ride the Tour de France for the first time. On Stage 8, Kennaugh played a key role in Chris Froome's stage victory by helping to bring back a dangerous move by Nairo Quintana on the Port de Pailhères, the subsequent descent and beginning of the final climb to Ax 3 Domaines. However, on the following stage, Kennaugh was involved in a dramatic crash as Ryder Hesjedal, a rider, knocked into him, sending him down a ravine and into vegetation next to the road. Although Kennaugh was not badly injured, the time lost meant he was unable to follow several subsequent attacks as Froome was left completely isolated.
Palmarès.
Road racing.
Grand Tour general classification results timeline:
WD = Withdrew; In Progress = IP

</doc>
<doc id="18815501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815501" title="Joseph Rakowski">
Joseph Rakowski

Joseph Rakowski is an American Democratic Party politician who served as Acting Mayor of Jersey City, New Jersey. He became acting mayor when he was elected to serve as City Council President of Jersey City. Rakowski was the third person to hold the office in the same year.
Biography.
During his four month term of office, Rakowski worked with New York City Mayor David Dinkins and New Jersey Attorney General Robert J. Del Tufo to address a problem where trucks full of garbage were being driven from New York City to Jersey City, New Jersey and their full trailers abandoned. Rakowski did not seek to complete the unexpired term as mayor in the special election that was held during his tenure. He was succeeded by Bret Schundler.

</doc>
<doc id="18815504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815504" title="Ever Changing Times">
Ever Changing Times

Ever Changing Times is the fifth solo album of Steve Lukather. It was his first album since leaving Toto. In March 2008, a site was launched in order to promote the album. According to Lukather, the album shows a lot of his influences and music he likes.
Personnel.
Ride Records Japan Inc., Ride Records International Inc., Ride Records Music Publishing Ltd./ Ride Records Asia Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18815508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815508" title="Makoula">
Makoula

Makoula is a town in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 2,191.

</doc>
<doc id="18815515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815515" title="Fabian Pawela">
Fabian Pawela

Fabian Pawela (born 30 November 1985 in Świdnica) is a Polish professional football striker who plays for Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała.

</doc>
<doc id="18815524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815524" title="Nafougo">
Nafougo

Nafougo is a village in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 225.

</doc>
<doc id="18815530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815530" title="85th meridian east">
85th meridian east

The meridian 85° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 85th meridian east forms a great circle with the 95th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 85th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18815531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815531" title="Palagré">
Palagré

Palagré is a village in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 369.

</doc>
<doc id="18815532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815532" title="Ginot Aryeh">
Ginot Aryeh

Ginot Aryeh (, "lit." Aryeh's Gardens) was an Israeli settlement outpost in the West Bank. Located near Ofra, it fell under the jurisdiction of Mateh Binyamin Regional Council.
The settlement was established in 2001, and was named after Aryeh Hershkovits, a settler killed by Palestinians in 2001. It was vacated in 2004 after an eviction order was signed by then-Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.

</doc>
<doc id="18815539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815539" title="Cardell Camper">
Cardell Camper

Cardell Camper (July 6, 1952 in Boley, Oklahoma – December 7, 2010 in Beaumont, California) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher.
Camper played seven seasons in the minors, in the St. Louis Cardinals, Cleveland Indians and Philadelphia Phillies organizations; when the Indians expanded their roster in September 1977, Camper was brought up. He appeared in three games: pitching two scoreless innings September 11 (in Baltimore) and again on September 17 (at home against Toronto), before starting in Toronto October 2. The Blue Jays touched him for four runs on seven hits in six innings, but Camper got the win as the Tribe triumphed, 5-4. It was his last major league appearance.
That winter, Camper was traded to the Phillies for eccentric outfielder Joe Charboneau, who became the American League Rookie of the Year in 1980 before injuries ended his career. Camper's baseball career ended in 1979; he died in 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="18815545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815545" title="Palilgogo">
Palilgogo

Palilgogo is a village in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 797.

</doc>
<doc id="18815554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815554" title="Séguédin, Siglé">
Séguédin, Siglé

Séguédin, Siglé is a town in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,201.

</doc>
<doc id="18815560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815560" title="Syd Lawrence">
Syd Lawrence

Syd Lawrence (26 June 1923 – 5 May 1998), was a British bandleader from Chester, England, who became famous in the UK for his orchestra's Big Band sound, which drew on the 1940s style of music of Glenn Miller and Count Basie amongst others.
Born in Wilmslow in 1923, Lawrence was a talented trumpet player during World War II. He wrote and arranged music. He was based in Cairo during the war years, playing and arranging for the RAF service bands. After he left the armed forces, he played with some of the leading British dance bands of the 1940s, finally being invited to join the BBC Northern Dance Orchestra in 1953. He stayed with this band for sixteen years playing alongside fellow trumpet player Stan Hibbert.
In 1967, Lawrence teamed up with several of his colleagues at the Northern Dance Orchestra to play the music that he was most enthusiastic about, that of Glenn Miller. Early concerts at the Mersey Hotel in Manchester were a success, and larger venues were found to play in as the reputation of his band grew.
Yorkshire Television gave the Syd Lawrence Orchestra a regular spot on the comedy show "Sez Les". As the music became more popular, Lawrence and his band started touring around the UK, which they did with great success for many years. Several records were made along with radio and television appearances on variety shows.
Lawrence retired from touring in 1994 and died of an aneurysm in 1998. Following his death, the Syd Lawrence Band continued on and still tours. The orchestra has been led by Brian Pendleton, and presently by Chris Dean.

</doc>
<doc id="18815572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815572" title="Giv'at Asaf">
Giv'at Asaf

Giv'at Asaf ( or Givat As(s)af, "lit." Asaf Hill) is an Israeli outpost in the West Bank. Located from the settlement of Beit El, it falls under the jurisdiction of the Mateh Binyamin Regional Council. It has about 30 structures and is home to some 30 families. It was established in May 2001 after the murder of Asaf Hershkovitz, a resident of Ofra, for whom it was named. Its establishment, by blocking the way from the village of Burqa to Route 60 and the village of Beitin, has made life for the inhabitants of Burqa difficult.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this. In Giv'at Asaf's case, according to the 2005 Sasson Report, the outpost was built on privately owned Palestinian land, and is therefore also illegal under Israeli law. A case involving the forging of documents for a land sale at Givat Assaf led to an indictment for illegal land transference from Palestinians to Israelis. 
A demarcation order was issued in 2004, and renewed in 2006, to establish the boundaries of the outpost, but building beyond it went on despite the order. 
In 2004, then Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz issued an order to evacuated illegal outposts, including Giv'at Asaf. In 2006, his successor Amir Peretz extended the evacuation order by two years following a petition filed by the settlers, announcing that at the end of that period the settlers would be evacuated by force if needed. In 2008, Defense Minister Ehud Barak announced that the order would be extended for an additional year, during which the state would attempt to negotiate with the settlers. In May 2009, in response to a petition filed by Peace Now, the Supreme Court issued an order demanding that the state explain within 90 days why the illegal outposts have not yet been evacuated. 
In March 2011, in response to another petition by Peace Now, the Israeli government announced its decision to dismantle all illegal outposts built on private Palestinian land by the end of 2011, including Giv'at Asaf. Clashes are expected, as the residents of Giv'at Asaf have vowed "a violent struggle" against their removal. In November 2011, the government asked the Supreme Court to give them an extension for the Giv'at Asaf razing, affirming that it is in talks with the outpost's representatives, and is asking them to clear out by 1 July 2012. 
In May 2013, the Israeli government announced it intends to legalize Giv'at Asaf, along with three other settlements. According to the state, while Givat Assaf had originally been deemed problematic, the land on which it sat had since been purchased. The other three outposts, the state said, were located on state land, and not private Palestinian-owned land. 

</doc>
<doc id="18815576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815576" title="Semtenga">
Semtenga

Semtenga is a village in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 792.

</doc>
<doc id="18815583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815583" title="Herb Conyers">
Herb Conyers

Herbert Leroy Conyers (January 8, 1921 – September 16, 1964) was an American professional baseball player whose career lasted for nine seasons (1941–1942; 1946–1952). A first baseman, he appeared in seven Major League games for the Cleveland Indians during the season. Born in Cowgill, Missouri, Conyers threw and batted left-handed; he stood tall and weighed .
Conyers spent almost all of his pro career in the Cleveland minor league organization. His trial with the 1950 Indians came at the beginning and tail end of the season. After going two for four with a base on balls as a pinch hitter between April 18 and May 17, he spent the bulk of the season with Cleveland's two top farm teams, the Oklahoma City Indians and the San Diego Padres. Recalled late in the campaign, he started his final MLB game on October 1 against the Detroit Tigers; he garnered only one hit in five at bats, but it was a solo home run off Marlin Stuart that ignited a five-run eighth-inning rally and enabled the Indians to overtake the Tigers, 7–5.
Conyers died at age 43 from cancer in Cleveland, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="18815589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815589" title="Temnaoré, Boulkiemdé">
Temnaoré, Boulkiemdé

Temnaoré, Boulkiemdé is a village in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 5,006.

</doc>
<doc id="18815603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815603" title="International Schools Athletics Association">
International Schools Athletics Association

The Schools International Athletic Board(SIAB)consists of representatives from the Schools' Athletic Associations of England, Scotland, Wales and All Ireland. The SIAB hosts a very small number of track and field and cross country running competitions annually for elite junior athletes from the Brisish Isles.
The English Schools' Athletic Association (ESAA) hosts three major competitions a year for athletes under 15, under 17 and under 19 years of age. The events are cross-country running, a track and field competition and combined events with race walking. Athletes from Wales, Scotland and Ireland take part in their respective national schools' competitions. A very small number of young athletes from each of these countries who do well at their national event, in their respective disciplines at under-15 and under-17 level in Cross Country and Under 17 in Track and Field are selected to compete in an international athletics competition representing their country – England, Scotland, Wales or Ireland – organised by the SIAB. There is also a Combined Events Indoor Pentathlon competitions organised independently by the Scottish Schools' Athletic Association for Under 16 and Under 18 athletes from the four countries. This event was staged for many years in Glasgow at Kelvin Hall but staged at the new Emirates Indoor Stadium for the first time in December 2012.
Meetings include: an international track and field competition for the two under-17 athletes from each country who come first and second in their national competition at each respective discipline; an SIAB international cross country for under-15 and under-17 athletes from each country who come in the top eight in their national Track and Field competitions.
Elite young athletes.
The SIAB competitions are one of very few events where junior athletes, especially at under-15 level, can gain international status without achieving senior standards. The SIAB events are extremely elite and the competitions are designed as incentives and a reward to junior athletes for their hard work and commitment to training.
The international athletics events put on by the SIAB are highly regarded and those involved in its organisation have achieved national recognition. The events have provided an opportunity for teenagers in the UK and Ireland to taste international athletics competition for the first time and have in the past provided a platform for such UK international athletes as Steve Cram, Paula Radcliffe, Denise Lewis Mo Farah, Darren Campbelland Colin Jackson.

</doc>
<doc id="18815606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815606" title="Tia, Burkina Faso">
Tia, Burkina Faso

Tia, Burkina Faso is a village in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 927.

</doc>
<doc id="18815625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815625" title="Ma'ale Shlomo">
Ma'ale Shlomo

Ma'ale Shlomo (, "lit." Solomon's Ascent) is an Israeli outpost in the West Bank. Located to the south of Kokhav HaShahar, it falls under the jurisdiction of the Mateh Binyamin Regional Council.
It was named after Shlomo Alba, an agronomist from Kokhav HaShahar. It was established in 1999 and is situated 1.1 km outside the boundaries of the parent settlement (Kochav HaShahar). It has contains 18 structures, with 19 caravans. 15 families live there.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this. It is under the jurisdiction of the Binyamin Regional Council. 

</doc>
<doc id="18815629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815629" title="Ervin Fakaj">
Ervin Fakaj

Ervin Pëllumb Fakaj (born 15 June 1976 in Albania) is a former Albanian footballer. He has 25 appearances and one goal for Albanian national team.

</doc>
<doc id="18815641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815641" title="Tio, Burkina Faso">
Tio, Burkina Faso

Tio, Burkina Faso is a town in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,432.

</doc>
<doc id="18815653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815653" title="Harley Dillinger">
Harley Dillinger

Harley Hugh Dillinger (October 30, 1894 - January 8, 1959), nicknamed "Hoke", was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He played for the Cleveland Naps from August 16, 1914 to October 3, 1914. He went to school at the University of Rio Grande and later managed the Paducah Indians of the Kentucky-Illinois-Tennessee League for part of the 1922 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18815657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815657" title="Yargo, Boulkiemdé">
Yargo, Boulkiemdé

Yargo, Boulkiemdé is a village in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 215.

</doc>
<doc id="18815659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815659" title="Encore career">
Encore career

An encore career is work in the second half of life that combines continued income, greater personal meaning, and social impact. These jobs are paid positions often in public interest fields, such as education, the environment, health, the government sector, social services, and other nonprofits. Encore Fellowships, created in 2009 by the nonprofit Encore.org, are designed to transition highly experienced professionals from the corporate sector into encore careers in the social sector.
The phrase "encore career" was first made popular by Marc Freedman, the founder and CEO of Encore.org in his book "Encore: Finding Work That Matters in the Second Half of Life."
Popular use of the term.
Nicholas Kristof, writing in the "New York Times", notes that Bill Gates' switch to working full time for his foundation "is part of a booming trend: the 'encore career' as a substitute for retirement. Definitions are still in flux, but an encore career typically aims to provide a dose of personal satisfaction by 'giving back.'" Writes Kristof: "If more people take on encore careers… the boomers who arrived on the scene by igniting a sexual revolution could leave by staging a give-back revolution. Boomers may just be remembered more for what they did in their 60s than for what they did in the Sixties." Syndicated columnist Ellen Goodman cites Al Gore as a "poster child, the model for what Marc Freedman calls the 'encore career.' The head of Civic Ventures known as Encore.org, a think tank promoting civic engagement as the second act for boomers, Freedman says, 'Gore found himself by losing himself - literally losing - and being liberated from ambition, the idea that there's a particular ladder you have to scurry up and if you don't make it to the top it's all over. Essentially he found a different ladder.'" 
Research.
In 2011, Penn Schoen Berland conducted research for Encore.org and MetLife Foundation about interest in encore careers. The research – which included a nationally representative telephone survey of 930 Americans ages 44 to 70 and an online survey of 1,408 Americans ages 44 to 70 – found that as many as 9 million Americans in that age range are in encore careers and another 31 million Americans want encore careers. Those in encore careers, on average, started to think about their encores at age 50 and took about 18 months to make the transition. The research also found that the transition to encore careers is not easy: Nearly 67 percent of those in encore careers experienced reduced or no income during the transition. 
The 2011 research echoes similar research conducted three years earlier. In 2008, Peter D. Hart Research Associates, Inc., conducted a nationally representative telephone survey of 1,063 Americans ages 44 - 70 about their interest in encore careers. Commissioned by Encore.org and MetLife Foundation, the Encore Career Survey found that 5.3 million to 8.4 million of those surveyed were then in encore careers: "The survey results suggest that the number of people choosing encore careers could grow rapidly. Of those not already in encore careers, half say they are interested in moving into jobs in such fields as education, health care, government, and the nonprofit sector." A companion survey, at the time, found that half of nonprofit employers found hiring encore workers "highly appealing." Those with experience hiring older adults were most enthusiastic about doing it again.
"What if, over time, 100,000 people interested in encore careers were persuaded to launch 10-year encore careers? That would mean one million years of service dedicated to areas like education, poverty, and the environment," Marc Freedman wrote in the Encore Career Survey report. "What if we could persuade a million more to do so? Applying this human talent and experience to the big challenges of our time could be as profound a contribution as those made possible by new technologies or even massive infusions of philanthropic dollars."
References.
www.socialcareers.org

</doc>
<doc id="18815675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815675" title="Jeanne Ruark Hoff">
Jeanne Ruark Hoff

Jeanne Ruark Hoff (born c. 1960 in Mississippi) is a former college basketball player for Stanford University and the mother of Olympic swimming medalist Katie Hoff.
Basketball career.
An Air Force brat, Ruark lived in five states, the Panama Canal Zone, and the Philippines before enrolling at Stanford University in 1978. She became the school's first women's basketball star: in her freshman season of 1978-79, she averaged 21.3 points and 8.4 rebounds per game and was named to the first team of the Northern California Athletic Conference (in which Stanford women's basketball played from 1977 to 1982). Her 21.3 points per game was a Stanford season record until it was broken by Candice Wiggins in the 2005-06 season.
In 1980, she married fellow Stanford student John Hoff and took the 1980-81 season off. She returned to play two more seasons at Stanford, becoming the first Stanford player to score 2,000 points in her career. In 1982, she helped lead the Stanford women to their first-ever postseason appearance in the 1982 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament. She is a member of the Stanford Athletic Hall of Fame.
Personal.
Hoff and her husband live in Towson, Maryland where she is a part-time health care worker with two children. Her daughter, Katie Hoff, is a swimmer who competed in both the 2004 Athens and 2008 Beijing Olympics, medaling in the latter games.

</doc>
<doc id="18815680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815680" title="Acorn Stores">
Acorn Stores

Acorn Stores was a chain clothing company in the United States. It was originally part of Michael L. Wallace Inc.
History.
In November 2004, Christopher & Banks acquired Acorn from Gilmore Brothers, Inc. As of July 2008, there were 39 Acorn stores in 14 states.
On July 31, 2008, it was announced that every store would be closed by December 31, 2008 as the Acorn division lost more than $4,000,000 in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18815684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815684" title="Blackfen School for Girls">
Blackfen School for Girls

Blackfen School for Girls is a girls' secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in Blackfen in the London Borough of Bexley, England. Although it is a girls school, the sixth form over the past few years has become mixed. This is due to the partner school Hurstmere Foundation School having no sixth form, so many pupils from Hurstmere join the sixth form in Blackfen school. The headmaster is currently Matthew Brown, having previously been Louise Sharples. The school gained specialist status in Maths and Computing in 2004. Compared with many other secondary schools in the area, it is one of the highest achieving in terms of GCSE and A-level results. The percentage of students gaining five or more A* to C, including English and Mathematics was almost 64% in 2011, an 8% increase on the previous year. Five or more A* to C grades were gained by 82% of students and almost 25% of students gained three A* or A grades. 
In 2009, a sixth form teacher in the school, Keith Kinsella, was involved in a protest regarding the play England People Very Nice at London's National Theatre. He and local playwright Hussain Ismail, who led the protest, claimed that the play was racist and heavily stereotyping. They interrupted a Q&A session with the writer Richard Bean until security removed them ten minutes later, with Kinsella holding a sign exclaiming 'Proud to be living in multicultural Britain.'
The school converted to academy status on 1 April 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18815687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815687" title="1974 FA Charity Shield">
1974 FA Charity Shield

The 1974 FA Charity Shield was a football match played on 10 August 1974 between 1973–74 champions Leeds United and 1974 FA Cup Final winners Liverpool. Bill Shankly led Liverpool out onto the pitch for the last time, he had retired in July 1974 to be replaced by Bob Paisley.
The match was notorious for a display of violence by Billy Bremner and Kevin Keegan, who were dismissed after the hour for trading punches. Both players felt they had been harshly treated and took off their shirts, flinging them on to the Wembley track as they left the pitch. The FA fined both players £500 and banned them until September, meaning they would miss eleven matches. 
The match finished 1–1, Phil Boersma had opened the scoring for Liverpool in the 20th minute, but Trevor Cherry headed home Leeds equaliser in the 70th. The game then went to a penalty shoot out and, with the scores balanced at 5–5 in sudden death, Leeds chose their keeper David Harvey to go next. Harvey hit the ball over the crossbar, and Ian Callaghan scored the winner for Liverpool who won the game 6–5.
The match – and the fight between Keegan and Bremner – is mentioned in the stylised novel "The Damned United" with Brian Clough requesting of Bremner "good, clean attractive football...starting next week at the Charity Shield". In the subsequent film version, the match is included with some of the original footage used.

</doc>
<doc id="18815710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815710" title="Larry Burchart">
Larry Burchart

Larry Wayne Burchart (born February 8, 1946) is an American former Major League Baseball pitcher who appeared in 29 games for the Cleveland Indians.
The , right-hander was a high draft choice (third round) of the Los Angeles Dodgers in the June 1967 Major League Baseball draft. After two seasons in the Dodger farm system, he was selected by the Indians in the 1968 Rule 5 draft, which compelled Cleveland to keep Burchart on their Major League roster for 1969 or offer him back to the Dodgers. Working as a relief pitcher, Burchart allowed 42 hits and 24 bases on balls in 42⅓ innings pitched, with 26 strikeouts and no saves. 
The Indians sent Burchart to their Triple-A Wichita Aeros affiliate, where he pitched in 1970–1971 before leaving the game.

</doc>
<doc id="18815741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815741" title="Ben Caffyn">
Ben Caffyn

Benjamin Thomas Caffyn (February 10, 1879 – November 22, 1942) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played for one season. He played for the Cleveland Naps from August 21, 1906 to October 7, 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="18815744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815744" title="Yishuv HaDa'at">
Yishuv HaDa'at

Yishuv HaDa'at (, "lit." Settlement of the Mind) is an Israeli outpost in the West Bank. Located near Shilo, it falls under the jurisdiction of the Mateh Binyamin Regional Council.
It was established in 2001 by Nati Rom.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="18815765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815765" title="William Augustus Stearns">
William Augustus Stearns

William Augustus Stearns (1805 in Bedford, Massachusetts – 8 June 1876) was a 19th-century American Reformed minister and teacher who served as president of Amherst College from 1854 to 1876.
William S. Stearns graduated from Harvard College in 1827 and then Andover Seminary in 1831. Stearns served as pastor of Prospect Street Congregational Church from 1831 to 1854 when he left to become president of Amherst College. He served as president from 1854 until his death in 1876 and was one of the school's longest serving presidents.

</doc>
<doc id="18815766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815766" title="Al Cihocki">
Al Cihocki

Albert Joseph Cihocki (born May 7, 1924 in Nanticoke, Pennsylvania) is a former Major League Baseball infielder who played for one season. He played for the Cleveland Indians from April 17, 1945 to September 22, 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="18815786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815786" title="Jim Clark (1970s outfielder)">
Jim Clark (1970s outfielder)

James Edward Clark (born April 30, 1947 in Kansas City, Kansas) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder who played for one season. He played for the Cleveland Indians from July 16, 1971 to August 3, 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="18815791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815791" title="Costișa">
Costișa

"For the village in Suceava County, see Frătăuții Noi. For the villages in Vrancea County, see Homocea and Tănăsoaia."
Costişa is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Costişa, Dorneşti, Frunzeni and Mănoaia.

</doc>
<doc id="18815793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815793" title="Crăcăoani">
Crăcăoani

Crăcăoani is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Cracăul Negru, Crăcăoani, Magazia, Mitocu Bălan and Poiana Crăcăoani. To the east lies Ghindăoani and to the north lies Bălțătești. The name is derived from the name Cracau brook which runs through the village. 
Culture.
A traditional folk music dance from Moldova, performed with a fiddle and folk lute is often performed in Crăcăoani.

</doc>
<doc id="18815794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815794" title="Dămuc">
Dămuc

Dămuc () is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Dămuc, Huisurez ("Hosszúrez") and Trei Fântâni ("Háromkút"). Dămuc is one of three communes in Neamţ County (most of which is in Moldavia) that are part of the historic region of Transylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18815795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815795" title="Doljești">
Doljești

Doljeşti is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Buhonca, Buruieneşti, Doljeşti and Rotunda.

</doc>
<doc id="18815797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815797" title="Dulcești">
Dulcești

Dulceşti is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Briţcani, Cârlig, Corhana, Dulceşti, Poiana and Roşiori.

</doc>
<doc id="18815799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815799" title="Dumbrava Roșie">
Dumbrava Roșie

Dumbrava Roşie is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Brăşăuţi, Cut, Dumbrava Roşie and Izvoare.

</doc>
<doc id="18815826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815826" title="USS Avery Island (AG-76)">
USS Avery Island (AG-76)

USS "Avery Island" (AG-76/AKS-24) was a "Basilan"-class miscellaneous auxiliary acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. She was used to transport personnel and carry cargo and was inactivated and disposed of shortly after the war.
Constructed at Portland, Maine.
"Avery Island" (AG-76) was laid down under a U.S. Maritime Commission contract (MCE hull 3085) on 31 October 1944 at South Portland, Maine, by the New England Shipbuilding Corporation; launched on 13 December 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Robert LeBourdais; and acquired by the Navy and commissioned on 21 December 1944, Lt. Comdr. J. H. Graves, Jr., in command.
World War II-related service.
"Avery Island" steamed to the Atlantic Basin Iron Works, Brooklyn, New York, where she was placed out of commission on Christmas Eve for conversion work. Avery Island was recommissioned on 31 July 1945 at the New York Navy Yard; conducted trial runs in Long Island Sound and shakedown training in Chesapeake Bay; and underwent a yard availability at Norfolk, Virginia. With her training period complete, "Avery Island" reported on 6 September to Service Force, Atlantic Fleet, for duty.
Post-war service.
On 7 September, "Avery Island" steamed out of Hampton Roads, bound for the Pacific Ocean. She transited the Panama Canal on 15 September; paused briefly at San Diego, California; then continued on to Hawaii. The ship dropped anchor in Pearl Harbor on 14 October and, after embarking Navy personnel for transport to Japan, proceeded to Tokyo, where she remained until 18 November.
"Avery Island" returned to San Francisco, California, on 7 December and was overhauled at Hunters Point, California. Loaded with supplies and personnel for Operation Crossroads, "Avery Island" sailed on 6 May as a unit of Joint Task Force 1. The ship reached Pearl Harbor on 14 May and got underway again on 22 May, bound for Bikini Atoll.
The ship entered the lagoon there on 1 June and carried out instrumentation tests during Operation Crossroads, tests to determine the effects of atomic bombs on ships.
Post-war inactivation and disposal.
Following the end of this mission, "Avery Island" returned to San Francisco on 21 August and shifted to San Pedro, California, on 3 October, and was assigned to the 19th Fleet. She steamed to Santa Cruz Basin on 13 November to undergo radiological decontamination before beginning deactivation procedures. The vessel was placed out of commission, in reserve, on 26 May 1947, at San Pedro.
The ship's designation was changed to "AKS-24" on 18 August 1951. On 4 January 1960, "Avery Island" was transferred to the U.S. Maritime Administration, and she was subsequently sold for scrapping

</doc>
<doc id="18815828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815828" title="List of Pashto-language television channels">
List of Pashto-language television channels

This is the list of Pashto-language television channels in Afghanistan, Pakistan, and other parts of world.

</doc>
<doc id="18815840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815840" title="Western Australian state election, 1989">
Western Australian state election, 1989

Elections were held in the state of Western Australia on 4 February 1989 to elect all 57 members to the Legislative Assembly and all 34 members to the Legislative Council. The Labor government, led by Premier Peter Dowding, won a third term in office against the Liberal Party, led by Opposition Leader Barry MacKinnon.
The result was a major swing against the Labor Party, coming in the wake of revelations of dealings between Government and business that came to be known as WA Inc. The redistribution that took place in 1988, based upon the "Acts Amendment (Electoral Reform) Act 1987" which abolished several country and outer metropolitan electorates while creating new metropolitan ones, makes it difficult to assess how Labor would have performed on the old boundaries—while it lost four seats, it gained one Liberal-held seat and won several of the new seats, so in net terms, it only lost one seat despite the massive swing and the low two-party-preferred result.

</doc>
<doc id="18815846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815846" title="George Detore">
George Detore

George Francis Detore (November 11, 1906 – February 7, 1991) was an American professional baseball player, manager, scout and coach. He appeared in 33 games in Major League Baseball as an infielder for the Cleveland Indians from –, but he remained in the game after his playing career ended and was a longtime member of the Pittsburgh Pirates' organization. He served on Danny Murtaugh's MLB coaching staff from May 6, 1959 through the end of the season, taking the place of Jimmy Dykes when Dykes left the Pirates to become the manager of the Detroit Tigers.
The native of Utica, New York, attended Colgate University. As a player, Detore threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed . His professional playing career lasted 17 years (1929–1945), all but 33 games in minor league baseball, where he was a fixture in the top-level Pacific Coast League as an infielder and catcher. During his Cleveland trial over parts of two seasons, Detore logged 68 at bats. His 17 Major League hits included seven doubles.
He was a manager in the minors for many years, beginning during World War II as the playing skipper of the PCL San Diego Padres, and then eventually joining the Pirates' organization in 1950. Detore served as an area scout based in New York or scouting supervisor for the Bucs from 1955–1963 (interrupted by his 1959 coaching stint) and 1969–1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18815847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815847" title="Paul L. Davies">
Paul L. Davies

Paul Lynton Davies QC, FBA is the Allen & Overy Professor of Corporate Law at the University of Oxford, Professorial Fellow of Jesus College, Oxford and Emeritus Professor of Law at the London School of Economics, where he was the Cassel Professor of Commercial Law from 1998 to 2009.
Career.
Davies has held visiting positions at Yale and the University of Bordeaux, Paris, Bonn and a number of universities in South Africa.
Davies is a founder member and Fellow of the European Corporate Governance Institute. In 2000, Davies was elected a Fellow of the British Academy in 2000.
He is an expert in company law and labour law, having written numerous widely cited articles and some of its most respected and successful texts, including "Gower and Davies Principles of Modern Company Law" (8th edition, 2008).
Outside academic work Davies was a member of the Company Law Review Steering Group, whose reports eventually led to the Companies Act 2006; he is the general editor of the "Industrial Law Journal" and is Deputy Chairman of the Central Arbitration Committee. He was elected an honorary Queen's Counsel in 2006 and an honorary Bencher of Gray's Inn in 2007.
Davies holds degrees from the University of Oxford (BA Jurisprudence, 1966), the London School of Economics (LLM 1968) and Yale Law School (LLM 1969). He is married to the Iranian-born lawyer Sue Ashtiany, a partner with the City law firm Nabarro LLP.

</doc>
<doc id="18815848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815848" title="Chiquinho Delgado">
Chiquinho Delgado

Francisco da Cruz Delgado, aka Chiquinho (born 28 September 1980 in Lisbon), is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="18815859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815859" title="Răucești">
Răucești

Răuceşti is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Oglinzi, Răuceşti, Săveşti and Ungheni.

</doc>
<doc id="18815863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815863" title="Not Cancer">
Not Cancer

"Not Cancer" is the second episode of the fifth season of "House" and the eighty-eighth episode overall. It aired on September 23, 2008.
Plot.
Two women are playing tennis when one of them collapses, clutching at her chest. On a construction site, a crane worker dies in his seat. A fighter dies in the middle of a MMA match. A tuba instructor starts coughing up blood in the middle of a lesson and expires. Thirteen interrupts a college class to confirm the math instructor, Apple, had a corneal transplant five years ago, then informs her that four other people who received a transplant from the same donor died.
Apple is taken to the hospital where they determine four of the victims are dead and one more, an elderly man named Frank, is on the verge of death. The team is unable to determine a common denominator and House is more concerned about Wilson's absence. Finally House goes with a diagnosis of cancer and orders them to run more tests. He then approaches Dr. O'Shea as a possible Wilson-replacement. Foreman arrives to inform House that Apple's eye is failing and they have to remove it. Apple starts hallucinating that House plans to decapitate her.
House reviews a video of the kickboxer looking for signs of brain damage. The coffee machine repairman interrupts to berate Taub and Thirteen for being idiots. They conclude he's a private investigator and House admits hiring him. House is impressed at his thoroughness.
They need to do a brain biopsy and appeal to Frank's wife for approval. Taub reluctantly tells Frank's wife the truth. The wife refuses to allow the procedure. Frank suddenly stops breathing and dies despite Taub's efforts. They determine Frank's brain is clean and House still suspects cancer. Kutner suggests a perforated intestine and bacterial infection that spread through the blood and infected all the organs.
House meets with Lucas, who figures that House wants to hire him to check out Wilson. House asks if there is something, and Lucas admits there is not. House returns to the hospital where Kutner and Foreman inform him the colonoscopy proved clean. House still believes in cancer and Kutner suggests they use a high-pressure water jet to apply pressure to Frank's colon. There are no leaks but Foreman spots what appears to be a core lesion.
Apple's heart starts racing but there's no indication her colon is leaking. The team has nothing new and House orders chemo for the cancer he suspects she has. He goes to her room and signals an emergency when he cannot find the medical records on Apple's bed. He then asks Apple to sign a consent form to receive chemotherapy. As she signs, Apple talks about how she was an architect but gave it up after her corneal transplant. Apple notes that House does not seem much different, and he notes that at least he has not given up.
Lucas tells House that Wilson has a new job. He points a woman out that he's following because he likes her, then informs House that Wilson is attending grief counseling and Cameron and Cuddy have been at his house several times. Lucas starts following the girl and House has to trail along. The girl finally confronts them and says they're making her uncomfortable. After she leaves, Lucas notes that Wilson has not said anything about House. House gets a page and heads to the hospital where Apple is vomiting from the chemo but her system is stabilizing. Foreman is surprised House was right, but House concludes that it is not cancer.
Back in differential, House notes he never thought it was cancer but thought it acted like cancer. Now he wants to find something that is similar to cancer, and notes the last patient was using methotrexate for his arthritis, which allegedly would also have treated any cancer. He goes to Wilson and asks for an epiphany, wanting to bounce ideas off of him. Wilson tries to shut him out and House asks how he's doing. Wilson begs him not to do this so he can move on, and House accuses him of talking to the others. House admits he hired a private detective to watch Wilson because they're not friends any more, then tries to convince Wilson to help with a diagnosis. Wilson refuses to participate and warns he will not answer the door the next time House knocks.
Lucas is outside and tries to advise House on friendship, and inadvertently gives House a new way to think about a possible diagnosis. House goes to see Cuddy and shows her Apple's CAT scan. It indicates something is in there that her brain is not compensating for. House believes that the donor had cancer stem cells spread in his organs, and when transplanted these spread and attached themselves to the recipients' various organs, which eventually stopped working. He wants to open up Apple's skull before it's too late for her, and Cuddy wonders if House is going to do something to make Apple crash prematurely. She puts security guards on Apple's room, so House convinces Lucas to disguise himself as a nurse and replace Apple's IV meds with a saline solution. She crashes and is taken into surgery where they have to open up her skull. House suggests from the observation deck that they check her IV. Chase suddenly realizes that House had somehow had the IV switched, triggering the operation by deception. Chase wants to abort the operation, but House observes that they've already completed the most dangerous procedure, so they might as well continue. Lucas comes into the observation gallery and is alarmed that the patient whose IV he had switched is undergoing such a serious operation. House explains that he is a better liar than Lucas. Meanwhile the doctors finish the operation, using a neural net on Apple's brain to detect and remove defective brain cells.
Later, House goes to visit Apple and explains that the world is ugly but not as ugly as she thought. Her brain was not working properly and the transplanted brain cells were making things dull and unattractive to her. He takes off the bandages over her eyes and Apple sees the world with normal vision. House asks "How do I look?", and she responds "You look sad."
House is in his office and calls to ask Lucas if he would work on retainer.

</doc>
<doc id="18815864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815864" title="Poienari">
Poienari

Poienari is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bunghi, Poienari and Săcăleni. It included five other villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Pânceşti Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18815865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815865" title="Piatra Șoimului">
Piatra Șoimului

Piatra Şoimului is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Luminiş, Neguleşti, Piatra Şoimului and Poieni.

</doc>
<doc id="18815873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815873" title="Petricani">
Petricani

Petricani is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Boiştea, Petricani, Târpeşti and Ţolici.

</doc>
<doc id="18815875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815875" title="Pângărați">
Pângărați

Pângăraţi is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Oanţu, Pângăraţi, Pângărăcior, Poiana, Preluca and Stejaru.

</doc>
<doc id="18815876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815876" title="Dido discography">
Dido discography

The discography of Dido, a British pop singer, consists of four studio albums, one extended play, twenty singles, and one video album. She debuted in 1995, performing and touring with trip hop group Faithless. In 1997, she began composing solo material and signed a recording contract with Arista Records in the United States.
"No Angel", Dido's debut album, was released in June 1999. The following year, rapper Eminem sampled the song "Thank You" in his song "Stan". "Stan" reached number one in the United Kingdom and was certified platinum. The success of the single introduced Dido and "No Angel" to a worldwide audience. "No Angel", composed of pop, rock and electronica songs, reached number one and was certified platinum ten times in the UK. In the US, the album reached number four and was certified platinum four times. The record experienced international success; it sold over 21 million albums. It produced seven singles, three of which reached the top twenty in the UK. In 2002, the album won a BRIT Award for "Best British Album".
"Life for Rent", Dido's second album, was released in September 2003. The album reached number one and went platinum nine times in the UK. It reached number four in the U.S. and was certified double platinum. "Life for Rent" sold 13 million records and produced four top forty singles. In 2004, the album's lead single "White Flag" won a BRIT Award for "Best British Single" and an Ivor Novello Award for "International Hit of the Year". 
"Safe Trip Home", Dido's third album, was released in November 2008. It reached number two in the UK and number thirteen in the US. "Don't Believe in Love" was released as the lead single from the album in October 2008, it was a modest hit in the United Kingdom, charting at number 54 on the UK Singles Charts, the song has also charted in Austria, Belgium, Italy, Netherlands and Switzerland. 
"Girl Who Got Away", Dido's fourth album, was released in March 2013, it reached number five in the UK. "No Freedom" was released as the lead and second single from the album in January 2013, it was a modest hit in the United Kingdom, charting at number 51 on the UK Singles Charts, the song has also charted in Belgium, France, Germany, Netherlands and Switzerland. "End of Night" will be released as the second (third overall) single from the album in May 2013. Since 1999, Dido has sold over 40 million albums worldwide.
"Greatest Hits", Dido's first compilation album, was released in November 2013, it reached number 27 in the UK. The album compiles all of Dido's singles from her four albums "No Angel" (1999), "Life for Rent" (2003), "Safe Trip Home" (2008) and "Girl Who Got Away" (2013). The album also includes a new track, "NYC", as well as a collection of remixes and collaborations.

</doc>
<doc id="18815881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815881" title="Păstrăveni">
Păstrăveni

Păstrăveni is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Lunca Moldovei, Păstrăveni, Rădeni and Spieşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18815886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815886" title="Icușești">
Icușești

Icuşeşti is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Băluşeşti, Bătrâneşti, Icuşeşti, Mesteacăn, Rocna, Spiridoneşti and Tabăra.

</doc>
<doc id="18815887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815887" title="Mammoth Hot Springs Historic District">
Mammoth Hot Springs Historic District

The Mammoth Hot Springs Historic District in Yellowstone National Park comprises the administrative center for the park. It is composed of two major parts: Fort Yellowstone, the military administrative center between 1886-1918, and now a National Historic Landmark, and a concessions district which provides food, shopping, services and lodging for park visitors and employees.
Fort Yellowstone is a carefully ordered district of substantial buildings that clearly indicate their military origins. The U.S. Army administered the park from 1886 to 1918 when administration was transferred to National Park Service. The park headquarters is now housed in the original double cavalry barracks (constructed in 1909). The Horace Albright Visitor Center is located in the old bachelors' officers quarters (constructed in 1909). 
The concessions district contrasts with the military district, with a less formal arrangement and style and includes the Mammoth Hot Springs Hotel and Dining Room, a gas station and retail stores. The Yellowstone Main Post Office, itself on the National Register of Historic Places sits just north of Fort Yellowstone. The residential area includes houses designed by architect Robert Reamer.
The district is directly adjacent to the Mammoth Hot Springs thermal area, and is itself built on an ancient travertine terrace. The Grand Loop Road Historic District runs through the Mammoth district, and the North Entrance Road Historic District adjoins just to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="18815891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815891" title="Grumăzești">
Grumăzești

Grumăzeşti is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Curechiştea, Grumăzeşti, Netezi and Topoliţa.

</doc>
<doc id="18815896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815896" title="Grințieș">
Grințieș

Grinţieş is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bradu, Grinţieş and Poiana.

</doc>
<doc id="18815898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815898" title="Rod Sweetman">
Rod Sweetman

Rodney Noel (Rod) Sweetman (born 21 June 1953) is an Australian politician. He was a Liberal member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from 1996 to 2005.
Sweetman was born in the Perth suburb of Subiaco. He was first elected to state parliament at the 1996 state election winning the seat of Ningaloo and was subsequently re-elected to the same seat at the 2001 state election.
Ningaloo was abolished ahead of the 2005 state election with its territory split between Murchison-Eyre and the new seat of North West Coastal. Sweetman chose to contest neither seat, instead unsuccessfully seeking Liberal preselection in more winnable districts elsewhere. He then sought endorsement from the Family First Party but was rejected due to his vote in support of decriminalising abortion.
Sweetman has since returned to the Liberal Party, standing unsuccessfully as its candidate for the seat of North West at the 2008 state election.

</doc>
<doc id="18815902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815902" title="Abe Bowman">
Abe Bowman

Alvah Edson Bowman (January 25, 1893 – October 11, 1979) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for two seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians from 1914 to 1915. He later managed in the minors leagues from 1927-1933.

</doc>
<doc id="18815904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815904" title="Ghindăoani">
Ghindăoani

Ghindăoani is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Ghindăoani. This was part of Bălțătești Commune until 2003, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18815906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815906" title="Farcașa">
Farcașa

Farcaşa is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Buşmei, Farcaşa, Frumosu, Popeşti and Stejaru.

</doc>
<doc id="18815907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815907" title="Zorro in Hell">
Zorro in Hell

Zorro in Hell is a satiric play by Richard Montoya, Ric Salinas and Herbert Siguenza, collectively known as Culture Clash. It is a profile of the legendary hero Zorro from a Latino viewpoint.
The play had its initial productions at Berkeley Repertory Theatre and the La Jolla Playhouse in 2006. It then ran at the Ricardo Montalbán Theatre in Hollywood from July 11 - August 19, 2007.
Bob Verini of "Variety" said the play "is overlong and not as consistently funny as it wants to be, largely because of the troupe's habit of site-specific name-dropping as a substitute for wit."

</doc>
<doc id="18815909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815909" title="Gâdinți">
Gâdinți

Gâdinţi is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Gâdinţi. This was part of Sagna Commune until 2004, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18815910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815910" title="Gârcina">
Gârcina

Gârcina is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Almaş, Cuejdiu and Gârcina.

</doc>
<doc id="18815911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815911" title="Gherăești">
Gherăești

Gherăeşti is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Gherăeşti, Gherăeştii Noi and Teţcani.
At the 2002 census, 100% of inhabitants were ethnic Romanians. 89% were Roman Catholic and 10.7% Romanian Orthodox.

</doc>
<doc id="18815919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815919" title="Eureka Shipyard">
Eureka Shipyard

Eureka Shipyard was located on the Hudson River in Newburgh, New York. This shipyard built a number of ships for the United States Navy and Liberty/Cargo ships during WWII. Commercial vessels were also built here.

</doc>
<doc id="18815932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815932" title="Heman Humphrey">
Heman Humphrey

Heman Humphrey (March 26, 1779 – April 3, 1861) was born in Hartford County, Conn. He graduated from Yale University with an A.M. in 1805. Humphrey was a 19th-century American author and clergyman who served as 2nd president of Amherst College for 22 years.He was ordained a Congregational minister on March 16, 1807. He pastored in Fairfield, Conn., 1807-1817, and Pittsfield, Mass., 1817-1823. Humphrey was influential in the nineteenth-century temperance movement and typical of the early proponents of prohibition. (Hugins, Walter (ed.), The Reform Impulse, 1825–1850). Columbia, SC 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="18815934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815934" title="The Shining (Violent J album)">
The Shining (Violent J album)

The Shining is the second solo album of American rapper Joseph Bruce, better known as Violent J. Released on April 28, 2009, it is the rapper's first full-length album and second solo release, following the extended play "Wizard of the Hood". A music video for "Jealousy" was released on May 2009.
Production.
Joseph Bruce states that he was not interested in developing a career as a solo performer, "but it was my turn at bat, and I wanted to deliver for any Violent J fans that might be out there". Unlike "Wizard of the Hood", "The Shining" does not focus on a single concept or storyline, but instead focuses on multiple stories, themes, and subjects. The title of the album refers to charisma and confidence. 
Bruce attempted to provide a variance for listeners by performing with different rapping styles on each track. Mike E. Clark produced the majority of the album, with Eric Davie providing additional production work. "Fight Club" features guest appearances by Esham and Necro. "Home Invasion" features an appearance by Shaggy 2 Dope. "Candyland" was developed during long late night recording sessions with Esham.
Release.
The album was originally intended to be released in October 2008, followed by a 20 plus date solo tour across the country. Due to his dislike of touring solo, and wanting to focus more on Insane Clown Posse as a whole, Bruce decided to give away free copies of an early version of the album to those that attended the ninth annual Gathering of the Juggalos seminar. 
Due to popular demand, it was announced that Psychopathic Records would release the album nationwide, and it was also given its final title. According to Bruce, the final version of the album is significantly different from the pre-release version, and features improved sound quality, in addition to four new songs not present on the pre-release version. The album was released on Bruce's 37th birthday.
Reception.
"The Shining" peaked at #5 on the "Billboard" Top Independent Albums chart, #14 on the Top Rap Albums chart, #28 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and #48 on the "Billboard" 200, with 10,000 copies sold in its first week. 

</doc>
<doc id="18815946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815946" title="EIOLCA">
EIOLCA

Economic input-output life cycle assessment, or EIO-LCA involves use of aggregate sector-level data quantifying how much environmental impact can be directly attributed to each sector of the economy and how much each sector purchases from other sectors in producing its output. Combining such data sets can enable accounting for long chains (for example, building an automobile requires energy, but producing energy requires vehicles, and building those vehicles requires energy, etc.), which somewhat alleviates the scoping problem of traditional LCA. EIO-LCA analysis traces out the various economic transactions, resource requirements and environmental emissions (including all the various manufacturing, transportation, mining and related requirements) required for producing a particular product or service.
EIO-LCA relies on sector-level averages that may or may not be representative of the specific subset of the sector relevant to a particular product. To the extent that the good or service of interest is representative of a sector, EIOLCA can provide very fast estimates of full supply chain implications for that good or service.
Background.
Economic input-output analysis was developed by Wassily Leontief (who won a Nobel Prize in 1973). It quantifies the interrelationships among sectors of an economic system, enabling identification of direct and indirect economic inputs of purchases. This concept was extended by including data about environmental and energy analysis from each sector to account for supply chain environmental implications of economic activity.
Theory.
Input-output transactions tables, which track flows of purchases between sectors, are collected by the federal government in the United States. EIO works as follows: If formula_1 represents the amount that sector formula_2 purchased from sector formula_3 in a given year and formula_4 is the "final demand" for output from sector formula_3 (i.e., the amount of output purchased for consumption, as opposed to purchased by other businesses as supplies for more production), then the total output formula_6 from sector formula_3 includes output to consumers plus output sold to other sectors:
formula_8
If we define formula_9 as the normalized production for each sector, so that formula_10, then
formula_11
In vector notation
formula_12
formula_13
formula_14
This result indicates that knowing only the final demand from each sector formula_15 and the normalized IO matrix formula_16, one can calculate the total implied production formula_17 from each sector of the economy. If data are available on a particular emissions release (or other attribute of interest) from each sector of the economy, then a matrix formula_18 can be compiled to represent various releases (columns) per $ output from each sector (rows). Total additional emissions formula_19 associated with additional final demand of formula_20 can then be calculated as:
formula_21
This simple result enables very quick analysis, taking into account releases associated with the entire supply chain requirements needed to provide a specific final demand, on average. The equations are based on average data in the current economy, but they can be used to make predictions for marginal changes in output (such as one more unit of a particular product) if 
Finally, if the researcher has estimates for valuation of externality costs associated with each item in formula_23 (or, alternatively, if weighting coefficients are available that represent the relative importance of each item in formula_23, using ecological indicators, for example) then the externality costs (or weights) per unit of releases could be compiled into a vector formula_25 in order to calculate the scalar "environmental impact metric" formula_26:
formula_27
Generally there is wide uncertainty associated with estimates of formula_25, so such aggregation should be done only with care, including sensitivity analysis. Typically, researchers examine specific elements of formula_23 rather than attempting to aggregate.
The big picture result is that by collecting data on average economic sector transactions formula_16 and average sector emissions formula_18, it is possible to make quick predictions about the full supply chain emissions associated with a product of interest by representing the product as marginal changes in production from relevant sectors formula_15.
Software.
The Economic Input Output-Life Cycle Assessment software, traces out the various economic transactions, resource requirements and environmental emissions associated with the production of a particular product or service. The model captures all the various manufacturing, transportation, mining and related requirements to produce a product or service. For example, you might wish to trace out the implications of purchasing $ 46,000 of reinforcing steel and $ 104,000 of concrete for a kilometer of roadway pavement. Environmental implications of these purchases can be estimated using EIO-LCA. The current (1997) model is based upon the Department of Commerce's 491 sector industry input-output model of the US economy.
"This article uses text from Design Decisions Wiki under the GFDL."

</doc>
<doc id="18815960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815960" title="List of largest U.S. law firms by number of lawyers">
List of largest U.S. law firms by number of lawyers

This is a list of the law firms on the National Law Journal's 2012 list of the 350 biggest firms in the United States (the "NLJ 350"), by number of lawyers working in domestic and international offices.

</doc>
<doc id="18815962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815962" title="Scarborough River">
Scarborough River

Scarborough River is a coastal estuary and river draining through the Scarborough Marsh in Scarborough, Maine. It empties into Saco Bay between Pine Point Beach and Western Beach and marks the bay's northern end. The main tributaries are the Nonesuch River, Dunstan River, and Libby River, as well as smaller brooks and streams.
In its natural state, it was a sediment sink for Saco Bay, storing sediment migrating northward up the bay from the beaches to the south and ultimately from the Saco River. The channel migrated regularly in response to natural events; as it did so, abandoned sand banks would replenish the sand on both Pine Point Beach to the south and Western and Ferry beaches to the north.
In the early 17th century, Christopher Levett gave the name of the river, or perhaps the marshes it drains, as "Owascoag", after the Abenaki Indian name. The English fishing fleet offshore in 1624 was over 50 vessels, and the shores of the river were settled by fishermen and their families early in the period of English settlement; when the primary road in Maine ran along the coastline for its entire length, a ferry operated across the mouth of the river, running from Pine Point Beach to Ferry Beach.
In the late 19th century, Little River Inlet, a tidal reentrant located at the south end of Pine Point Beach, was dammed and diverted into the Scarborough River. In 1962, the Army Corps of Engineers stabilized the river channel, in part by building a jetty at the southern edge of the river mouth. This has allowed a stable river channel for use by those fishing and pleasure boats harbored in the river and for occasional launches from a town-managed dock. The stabilized channel gradually fills with sediment, and has needed to be dredged roughly every five years. Materials from the 2004 dredging were deposited on Western Beach in imitation of the natural sediment flow.

</doc>
<doc id="18815963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815963" title="Hank Butcher">
Hank Butcher

Henry Joseph Butcher (July 12, 1886 – December 28, 1979) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played for two seasons. He played for the Cleveland Naps from 1911 to 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="18815972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815972" title="Arthur Stanley Pease">
Arthur Stanley Pease

Arthur Stanley Pease (September 22, 1881 – January 7, 1964) was a professor of Classics, a respected amateur botanist, and the tenth president of Amherst College in Amherst, Massachusetts. Pease was once described by his fellow faculty members as an "indefatigable pedestrian, and New Englander to the core."
Personal life.
Arthur Stanley Pease was born in his grandfather's Somers, Connecticut parsonage. He was the son of Theodore Claudius Pease, briefly a professor at Andover Theological Seminary before his sudden death, and his wife Abby Frances Cutter Pease. Pease was educated at Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts and while living there he acquainted himself with the plants growing in the towns of Essex County. Pease said of his early life:
I will confess that I am by nature a collector, that I began with marbles and horse chestnuts, advanced to postage stamps, continued with botany and books, and at all times have gathered facts and occasional ideas.
After earning his terminal degree, Pease travelled to Europe and spent most of his time there in Italy and Greece. In 1909, Pease married Henrietta Faxon in Cohasset, Massachusetts. Their only child, Henrietta Faxon Pease, was born July 14, 1912. She grew up and married the pioneering anthropologist and primatologist Sherwood "Sherry" Washburn in 1939. They had two children — Sherwood ("Tuck") and Stan — and at least six grandchildren.
Academic career.
Pease attended Harvard College and Harvard University and received AB (1902), AM (1903), and PhD (1905) degrees in classical studies. From 1906 to 1909 he taught Latin at Harvard and Radcliffe College. From 1909 to 1924 he taught at the University of Illinois. Pease starting teaching at Amherst College in 1924 and was appointed college president in 1927. According to a "Time" magazine's account of his appointment:
He is less of a liberal than Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn, Amherst's eighth president; he is less of an administrator than Dr. George D. Olds, Amherst's ninth president. But, as a distinguished scholar, he fulfills the presidential needs of a small New England college.
Five years later, Pease resigned from the presidency of Amherst College to return to his alma mater again as a Latin professor. At Harvard, he was appointed Pope Professor of Latin in 1942 and was made became Professor Emeritus upon his retirement in 1950. During his length academic career, Pease articulated the following philosophy of education:
...from the first grade to graduate school, the aims are threefold: first, to fit us for more successful practice of our respective callings; second, to enrich and refresh our lives with more intelligent and varied avocations; and, third, to render us more helpful in our manifold relations to the community at large.
Pease further expounded on his personal views and habits when he said: 
...in lack of sufficient cranial space for dead storage, I enter (facts and ideas) methodically on 3 x 5 slips of paper. When enough of a kind are amassed, they are outspread, classified, digested, written down, dehydrated, and lo! and article, or more rarely a book, to be pursued by some lone watcher in Czechoslovakia or beside the Bay of Biscay. Still onward, however, boiling down like Aristotle and the maple-syrup makers, a thousand gallons of facts to a half-pint of principles; or, to change the figure, bringing order into a few of life's storage closets, discovering there some garments which still have good wear in them, and persuading my students to wrap this rainment about their intellectual nakedness. All of which, as Augustine says, is "a great task and a difficult, but God is our helper.
Botany.
Although a classicist by training, Pease was also "an outstanding amateur field botanist" and "it is Professor Pease's work in New England botany for which he will be especially remembered.
Pease traveled with Merritt Lyndon Fernald on botanical expeditions to Mount Logan in southwestern Yukon, to northern Newfoundland, to Nova Scotia, and to Gaspé Peninsula in Quebec. About him Fernald wrote "how, with such a keen interest in plants and their natural habitats, he was lured into classical philology is beyond the comprehension of a mere botanist of more limited horizon." In naming the flowering plant "Draba peasei", in Pease's honor, Fernald wrote:
...it is a great pleasure to associate the name of its discoverer, ARTHUR STANLEY PEASE, distinguished classical scholar and keen amateur botanist, (to this plant that) was at first identified by me as "D. oligosperma" Hook. of the Rocky Mountain region...
Other plants named after Pease include the perennial plant "Antennaria peasei", the hawkweed "Hieracium peasei", and "Salix peasei", a type of willow. Pease himself named a long list of taxa including species in the "Aster", "Botrychium", "Carex", "Agropyron", "Potentilla", "Houstonia", and "Epifagus" genera.
An enthusiastic mountaineer as well as an avid botanist, Pease collected and studied plant life in the White Mountains of New Hampshire. He shared his findings, including "Vascular flora of Co`s County, New Hampshire", in the publications of the Boston Society of Natural History and the New England Botanic Club eventually leading to the posthumous 1964 publication of "A flora of northern New Hampshire". Pease's studies of the vegetation around in the vicinity of his summer home in Randolph, New Hampshire led him to say that it "has probably changed more materially during the last hundred years than at any period of the same length since the last glacial epoch." Some of the specimens Pease collected in New Hampshire are now kept at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Pease also collaborated with Richard Evans Schultes in writing "Generic Names of Orchids: their origin and meaning"(1963). Among Pease's donations to the Gray Herbarium at Harvard University and the New England Botanical Club was his 12,000 specimen herbarium.
Other work.
Besides his many botanical articles, Pease published a considerable amount of material on classical languages and literatures, his academic speciality. In some cases, Pease combined his vocation (classics) with his avocation (botany) in the publication of papers such as "Notes on ancient grafting" (1933) and "Mythology and mycology" (1947). Pease also published a 1946 memoir, "Sequestered vales of life", which includes remembrances and anecdotes of his career and hobbies.
Much of his personal papers, including correspondence with figures of historical interest and various manuscripts, are now kept by Harvard's Houghton Library in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Other manuscripts and written materials relating to his life and work — including his correspondence with poet Frederick Goddard Tuckerman — is in the possession of Amherst College Archives and Special Collections.

</doc>
<doc id="18815979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815979" title="Pentagraph">
Pentagraph

A pentagraph (from the , "pénte", "five" and γράφω, "gráphō", "write") is a sequence of five letters used to represent a single sound (phoneme), or a combination of sounds, that do not correspond to the individual values of the letters. In German, for example, the pentagraph "tzsch" represents the sound of the English digraph "ch," and indeed is found in the English word "Nietzschean". Irish has a number of pentagraphs. English, like most languages, has none.
Latin-script pentagraphs.
For Latin-script pentagraphs see List of Latin-script pentagraphs.
Cyrillic-script pentagraphs.
In Cyrillic used for languages of the Caucasus, there are a couple five-letter sequences used for 'strong' (typically transcribed in the IPA as geminate, and doubled in Cyrillic) labialized consonants. Since both features are predictable from the orthography, their pentagraph status is dubious.
The pentagraph is used in Archi for : a labialized , which is the 'strong' counterpart of the pharyngealized voiceless uvular fricative (), written using the trigraph , whose graph is in turn an unpredictable derivation of () and thus a true trigraph.

</doc>
<doc id="18815980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815980" title="John Kane House">
John Kane House

The John Kane House, also one of several places known as Washington's Headquarters, is located on East Main Street in Pawling, New York, United States. Built in the mid-18th century, it was home during that time to two men who confronted the authorities and were punished for it. During the Revolutionary War, George Washington used the house as his headquarters when the Continental Army was garrisoned in the area.
A later owner built a large main wing in the Federal style; the only remnant of the original house is the small kitchen wing. It has since become the property of the Historical Society of Quaker Hill and Pawling, which uses the house as its headquarters and to display exhibits related to local history, particularly the life of pioneering radio broadcaster and executive Lowell Thomas, who lived near Pawling for the later years of his life. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Property.
The oldest part of the house is the eastern extension known today as the kitchen wing, a one-and-a-half-story frame structure on a stone foundation. It has a low-pitched gabled shingled roof, pierced by a brick chimney at the gable end. The five-bay south-facing front elevation appears as one story due to the windows and colonnade added later. Earlier stone and frame additions have since been removed. An original rendering vat is in the basement.
The main block, added later, is a five-by-three-bay two-story frame house lined with brick. Its most distinctive Federal style feature is the main doorway, flanked by sidelights, fluted pilasters and topped with a rectangular transom window. Smaller versions of the pilasters flank the Palladian window immediately above the doorway. All the other windows are rectangular symmetrical and topped with projecting cornices. A columned Greek Revival portico runs the length of the first story.
On the west gable there is a Palladian opening with grilled quarter-round openings on either side and topped with a pediment. The rear entrance uses a Dutch door and lacks the transom but is otherwise identical to the front. Three chimneys rise from the main block's roof, two in the west and one in the east near the join with the kitchen wing.
Inside, the two wings present a contrast. The kitchen wing has little decoration beyond the carved wooden fireplace mantel. The main block is more lavishly decorated, with marble mantels and casings on two of its four fireplaces. All the windows and doors are trimmed in carved wood; the rooms also have similarly carved wainscoting and ceiling cornices.
The upper story, mainly given over to bedrooms, also has several fireplaces, all with similarly detailed and painted wooden casings and mantels. The attic is unfinished.
There are three outbuildings: a small brick smokehouse, frame woodshed and two-story frame barn. It is not known when exactly they were built, and they have all been altered over the years.
History.
The property was first settled in the late 1730s by William Prendergast, a tenant farmer who leased southeast of the nascent settlement of Pawling from the Philipse family, the area's dominant landowners. He built the small house that became the kitchen wing in 1740, adding other buildings later and connecting the two through a stone passageway.
In 1766 he became a leader in the tenant uprising known as the Dutchess County Anti-Rent War, a revolt against the quit-rents left over from the feudal system left in place by Dutch colonists in the region which made it hard for tenants to eventually purchase their land. It was quelled by troops called in from Poughkeepsie. Prendergast was tried, convicted and sentenced to hang for treason. His wife made a personal appeal to the colonial governor, Sir Harry Moore and he was spared at the last minute by a gubernatorial reprieve and later a royal pardon. The Prendergast family left for Chautauqua County shortly thereafter as it was outgrowing the house.
Kane, an Irish immigrant, bought the house later that year. When the Revolution started, he was initially on the Patriot side, as he had been elected to the Provisional Congress of New York in 1775. After the first year of the war, he switched sides and became a Loyalist, convinced the cause was hopeless. Accordingly, his house and property were confiscated by the New York State Legislature, and the following year, in September 1778, George Washington moved in when the Continental Army wintered in the area, where they could move on either New England or New York City at short notice. Kane retreated to the safety of British lines for the remainder of the war, while his family went to Nova Scotia. He received a lifelong pension from the British in 1783, when the war ended, and returned to the Pawling area. Since he could not legally live in or repurchase his home, he lived the remainder of his life with his children.
A later owner in the early 19th century demolished all but the original kitchen wing and built the current Federal structure. It went through a variety of later uses, as an inn and a rental property owned by the local bank, but returned to single-family dwelling status late in the century. In 1946 one owner added electricity; it is not known when modern heating and plumbing were installed. In the late 20th century, after it had been listed on the National Register, it was acquired by the Historical Society of Quaker Hill and Pawling and converted to its present use.

</doc>
<doc id="18815984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815984" title="1745 Establishment">
1745 Establishment

The 1745 Establishment was the third and final formal establishment of dimensions for ships to be built for the Royal Navy. It completely superseded the previous 1719 Establishment, which had subsequently been modified in 1733 and again in 1741 (but not formally replaced on either occasion). Although partially intended to correct the problems of the ships built to the earlier Establishments, the ships of the 1745 Establishment proved just as unsatisfactory, and important changes in the make-up of the Admiralty and Navy Boards finally led to the end of the establishment era by around 1751.
Origins.
When the 1706 Establishment had come into effect, British naval architecture had been set on a path of conservatism that caused stagnation in the advance of shipbuilding in Great Britain. Over the course of the existence of the 1706 and 1719 Establishments, the sizes of ships had remained relatively unchanged: the gundeck length of a 70-gun third rate of 1706 was , compared with in 1733. By comparison, the 70-gun French ship "Ferme" captured by the Royal Navy in 1702 was , and the 70-gun "Magnanime" of 1744, captured in 1748 was . This was almost as long as the to which British first rates were to be built according to the 1741 proposals.
With the end of Robert Walpole's government in 1742, the Board of Admiralty was re–organised, and the civilian Earl of Winchilsea was appointed First Lord. Under the new administration, there were some half-hearted attempts at reform, with the ordering of the 90-gun to be razeed to 74-guns, as a response to the increasing French and Spanish practice of building 74-gun ships, and an experiment in building larger ships for their class resulted in the construction of and .
The Duke of Bedford, again a civilian, was appointed First Lord in December 1744. He relied upon Rear-Admiral George Anson, who had refused promotion to flag rank under the previous First Lord. The fiasco that was the Battle of Toulon highlighted many of the problems in British shipbuilding, with several ships unable to open gunports due to a combination of a lack of stability and insufficient height of the ports above the waterline. It was observed by Commodore Charles Knowles that the British 70-gun ships were 'little superior to French ships of 52 guns.' Many of the fleet's problems were blamed on Sir Jacob Acworth, the Surveyor of the Navy since 1715, and an unsuccessful attempt to remove him was mounted by one of the members of the Board of Admiralty, Henry Legge.
For the previous Establishments, the dimensions had been decided upon through consultation with the Surveyor and senior shipwrights; instead in June 1745 the Admiralty took the lead when it decided to deal with the problem of ship sizes, and set up a committee to review proposals made by the Navy Board. The original purpose of the Establishments was to standardise the fleet, but because ships had been built and rebuilt at various times to varying established dimensions, there was little more standardisation than had been present before the 1706 Establishment came into being. The new Establishment of 1745 was intended to correct this situation, and at the same time solve the issues with British ships that had been the cause of complaint by sea officers for several years.
The Admiralty had intended that the 80-gun ships should no longer be built, they being too short and lacking in stability so as not to be able to open their lower ports in anything much above a calm sea. The committee the Admiralty had set up disagreed with their assessment however, and the suggestion to switch to 74-gun ships in lieu of the 80s was rejected. The size of ships was to be limited according to the depth of water available in the country's ports, and so even the 90-gun ships were to remain smaller than some French and Spanish 74s. Despite these setbacks, the Admiralty had achieved much greater increases in the sizes of ships than with the previous establishments. Furthermore, the ship types of pre-1741 were restored (i.e. the 64s returned to being 70s, the 58s to 60s, etc.).
The earlier establishments had merely laid out the principal dimensions for each type of warship from the 100-gun first rates down to the 20-gun sixth rates (although with effect from the 1719 Establishment this was augmented by defining the sizes and thicknesses of wood to be used in the construction), and had left the actual design of each vessel to the Master Shipwright in each Naval Dockyard, with the Surveyor of the Navy responsible only for common designs for those ships built by contract by mercantile shipbuilders. However, under the new 1745 Establishment the responsibility for preparing designs ("draughts") for all ships was given to the Surveyor of the Navy, with the Master Shipwrights now responsible only for constructing ships to those common Surveyor's designs for each type of vessel. 
Additionally, the control over the Establishments was passed from the Admiralty to the Privy Council, a move intended to remove the possibility of changes being made in the future. Despite the rejection of their proposal that 74-gun ships should replace 80s in the new establishment, the Admiralty succeeded in having , which was building as an 80, modified to be completed as a 74, though she was never considered a particularly successful ship, and was the smallest 74-gun ship of the 18th century.
Individual ship types.
A different set of Establishment dimensions was defined for each size of ship, other than the smallest (i.e. the unrated) vessels. In the main (the exceptions being the 64-gun and 58-gun ships, as shown below) the armament remained that set out under the 1743 Establishment of Guns (created by Order of the King in Council, 25 April 1743); this was applied retrospectively to all ships order to be built subsequent to 1 January 1740.
First rates of 100 guns.
As provided for under the 1743 Establishment of Guns, the 100-gun first rate was to carry an armament of:
Second rates of 90 guns.
As provided for under the 1743 Establishment of Guns, the 90-gun second rate was to carry an armament of:
Third rates of 80 guns.
As provided for under the 1743 Establishment of Guns, the 80-gun third rate was to carry an armament of:
Third rates of 70 guns.
The 1743 Establishment of Guns had provided for the former 70-gun third rate to be reduced from 70-gun to 64-gun ships, each with an armament of:
Under the 1745 Establishment they were restored to 70 guns and were to carry an armament of:
Fourth rates of 60 guns.
The 1743 Establishment of Guns had provided for the former 60-gun third rate to be reduced from 60-gun to 58-gun ships, each with an armament of:
Under the 1745 Establishment they were restored to 60 guns and were to carry an armament of:
Fourth rates of 50 guns.
As provided for under the 1743 Establishment of Guns, the 50-gun fourth rate was to carry an armament of:
Fifth rates (44-gun).
As provided for under the 1743 Establishment of Guns, the 44-gun fifth rate was to carry an armament of:
Sixth rates (20-gun or 24-gun).
As provided for under the 1743 Establishment of Guns, the 24-gun sixth rate was to carry an armament of:
Amendments to the 1745 Establishment.
When the first of the new ships began entering service, it became apparent that they were not so successful a design as had been hoped. Captains complained of their poor sailing qualities, and so the Admiralty sought permission from the Privy Council to make amendments to the designs in 1750. The changes agreed mainly affected the 90, 80 and 60-gun ships, although changes were made to the draughts of all sizes of ships.
By 1752, it was felt necessary to petition the Council for further alterations to be made to the designs, and again in 1754. On this occasion, the Admiralty decided to omit certain details—namely a increase in the length of the 70-gun ships—from their proposals, so as to better the chances of their being accepted. However, by this time it was clear that the ships of the 1745 Establishment were a thorough disappointment.
End of an era.
In 1755 Joseph Allin retired from his post as Surveyor of the Navy on ill health. He had been joint Surveyor with Jacob Ackworth until Ackworth's death in 1749, and sole Surveyor thereafter. The Admiralty reacted swiftly and appointed Thomas Slade and William Bateley as the new joint Surveyors, and shortly thereafter two new 70-gun ships were ordered to be built to Slade's draught, which represented a significant increase in size over their predecessors— as opposed to the of the 1754 amendments. Although nominally ordered as 70s, these new third rates were in fact the first of the 74s, and represented the end of the 70-gunner as a ship type on the navy lists. The era of crippling conservatism in British shipbuilding completed its slow death when Anson, by now the First Lord of the Admiralty, had the Navy Board reorganised with people who would support the Admiralty rather than fight with it, as had been the case previously.

</doc>
<doc id="18815989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815989" title="Marcelo Quiñones">
Marcelo Quiñones

Marcelo Quiñonez (born March 24, 1949 in Surquillo) is a former boxer from Peru. He was one of South America's top ranked middleweights during the 1970s. He also represented Peru at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Professional career.
Quiñones began his professional career as a boxer on September 27, 1971, winning Carlos Bazán by knockout in Lima. 
He added the South American middleweight title with a knockout in twelve rounds victory over Luiz Fabre, on August 9 in Lima.
Quiñones won 31 bouts, losing 8 and drawing in 1, with 18 wins by knockout.

</doc>
<doc id="18815990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815990" title="Ben Demott">
Ben Demott

Benyew Harrison Demott (April 2, 1889 – July 5, 1963) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for two seasons. He played for the Cleveland Naps from 1910 to 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="18815998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18815998" title="Francisco Javier Gómez Noya">
Francisco Javier Gómez Noya

Francisco Javier Gómez Noya (born 25 March 1983) is a Spanish triathlete. He is the winner of three ITU Triathlon World Championships, he holds three ITU Triathlon World Cup titles, and won the Silver medal for Spain at the 2012 Summer Olympics in men's triathlon.
Born to Spanish immigrants (both from Galicia) in Basel, Switzerland, he returned to Spain and now lives in Pontevedra, Galicia.
Athletic career.
In the nine years from 2002 to 2010, Gómez took part in 57 ITU competitions and achieved 54 top ten positions, among which are 23 first place finishes. In 2003 and in 2008, Gómez was ITU Triathlon World Champion (both under-23 and Elite categories respectively in 2003). In 2007 and 2009 he was the Elite European Champion. He finished second in the World Championships in 2007 and was the runner up in 2011 ITU Sprint Distance Triathlon World Championships.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in men's triathlon Gómez was among the pre-race favourites to win. With 300 meters to go in that race, Jan Frodeno was the leader of a group made up of Gómez, Athens 2004 Silver medalist Bevan Docherty of New Zealand, and Sydney 2000 Gold medalist Simon Whitfield of Canada. Whitfield opened up the gap with a sprint with only Frodeno responding. Froeno sprinted away with 50 meters from the finish to claim the gold medal. Simon Whitfield took the silver medal five seconds behind, and New Zealand's Bevan Docherty won the bronze medal 12 seconds back. Gómez placed 4th, 20.64 seconds behind Frodeno.
In 2010, Gómez was the number 1 in the World Championship Series ranking, in 2009 he was number 2, his only rivals being the Brownlee brothers Alistair and Jonathan, with whom he represents "Sartrouville" in the French Club Championship Series "Lyonnaise des Eaux". At the 2010 ITU Triathlon World Championship final in Budapest, Gómez came second to British triathlete Alistair Brownlee, but despite the loss in the final, he won the Championship overall.
At the London Summer Olympics in 2012, Gómez took the Silver medal in men's triathlon, 11 seconds behind Gold medalist Alistair Brownlee. Following the Olympic games Gómez won the Hy-Vee Triathlon against a highly competitive field. A month later in his first ever cross triathlon race, he won the 2012 XTERRA World Championship.
In 2013, Gómez continued his success from last year winning the Escape from Alcatraz Triathlon and repeating as the Hy-Vee Triathlon winner. He would then go on to win the 2013 ITU World Triathlon Series, his third such title. With this world championship he joined Peter Robertson as the other triathlete with three titles to his name, and is just shy of Simon Lessing who has four world titles.
In May 2013, Gómez competed in his first middle distance race by taking Gold in Challenge Half Barcelona . In February 2014 he raced and won his second middle distance race, Ironman 70.3 Panama .
ITU results.
The following list is based upon the official ITU rankings. Unless indicated otherwise, the following events are triathlons (Olympic Distance) and refer to the "Elite" category.
DNF = Did not finish<br>
DNS = Did not start

</doc>
<doc id="18816006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816006" title="Warrior Marks">
Warrior Marks

Warrior Marks: Female Genital Mutilation and the Sexual Blinding of Women is a 1993 book by Alice Walker with Pratibha Parmar, who made an award-winning documentary of the same name. Following on from "Possessing the Secret of Joy" Walker undertakes a journey to parts of Africa where clitoridectomy is still practised. It is a harrowing work as Walker interviews women who have had the operation done and finally interviews a woman—circumcised herself—who performs the operation.

</doc>
<doc id="18816015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816015" title="Români, Neamț">
Români, Neamț

Români is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Goşmani, Români and Siliştea.

</doc>
<doc id="18816016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816016" title="Săbăoani">
Săbăoani

Săbăoani () is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Săbăoani and Traian.
In 2002, the commune had a population of 10,301, of whom all but four were ethnic Romanians. 98.6% of residents were Roman Catholic, 1.3% Romanian Orthodox, and 0.1% belonged to other Christian denominations.

</doc>
<doc id="18816018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816018" title="Stănița">
Stănița

Stăniţa is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It has 2,281 people, and is composed of seven villages: Chicerea, Ghidion, Poienile Oancei, Stăniţa, Todireni, Veja and Vlădnicele. In turn, Todireni village is made up of three hamlets: Fundu Poienii, Todireni and Cichirdic.

</doc>
<doc id="18816019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816019" title="Tarcău">
Tarcău

Tarcău is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Ardeluţa, Brateş, Cazaci, Schitu Tarcău, Straja and Tarcău.

</doc>
<doc id="18816023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816023" title="Tazlău">
Tazlău

Tazlău is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Tazlău.

</doc>
<doc id="18816025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816025" title="Timișești">
Timișești

Timişeşti is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Dumbrava, Plăieşu, Preuteşti, Timişeşti and Zvorăneşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18816028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816028" title="Tașca">
Tașca

Taşca is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Hamzoaia, Neagra, Taşca and Ticoş-Floarea.

</doc>
<doc id="18816029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816029" title="Tămășeni">
Tămășeni

Tămăşeni () is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Adjudeni ("Dzsidafalva") and Tămăşeni.
At the 2002 census, 99.9% of inhabitants were ethnic Romanians. 99% were Roman Catholic and 0.8% Romanian Orthodox.

</doc>
<doc id="18816030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816030" title="Țibucani">
Țibucani

Ţibucani is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Davideni, Ţibucani and Ţibucanii de Jos.

</doc>
<doc id="18816031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816031" title="Tupilați">
Tupilați

Tupilaţi is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Arămoaia, Hanul Ancuţei, Totoieşti and Tupilaţi.

</doc>
<doc id="18816032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816032" title="Urecheni">
Urecheni

Urecheni is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Ingăreşti, Plugari and Urecheni.

</doc>
<doc id="18816033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816033" title="Dave Callahan">
Dave Callahan

David Joseph Callahan (July 20, 1888 – October 28, 1969) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played for two seasons. He played for the Cleveland Naps from 1910 to 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="18816034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816034" title="Vânători-Neamț">
Vânători-Neamț

Vânători-Neamţ is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Lunca, Mânăstirea Neamţ, Nemţişor and Vânători-Neamţ.

</doc>
<doc id="18816035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816035" title="Zănești">
Zănești

Zăneşti is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Traian and Zăneşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18816043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816043" title="National Empowerment Center">
National Empowerment Center

The National Empowerment Center (NEC) is an advocacy and peer-support organization in the United States that promotes an empowerment-based recovery model of mental disorders. It is run by consumers/survivors/ex-patients "in recovery" and is located in Lawrence, Massachusetts in Essex County. 
History.
The self-stated mission of NEC is to carry a message of recovery, empowerment, hope and healing to people who have been labeled with mental illness diagnosis. It argues that recovery and empowerment are not the privilege of a few but a process that is possible for everyone to embark on and find help with. Although unconventional to those accustomed only to a narrow medical model, the model is part of a recovery movement that comprises an emerging consensus.
NEC and other groups are working to implement the transformation to a recovery-based system recommended by the New Freedom Commission on Mental Health. It operates a toll-free information and referral line. It organizes and speaks at conferences. Its staff have published in professional journals, scholastic books, popular press and alternative publications. NEC has "been involved" in many national boards and committees and in policy consultations at the White House, in Congress, in federal agencies such as HUD, the Social Security Administration, HCFA, the Joint Commission on Hospital Accreditation, and The President's Commission on Disability, and at the regional and local level with organizations such as HMOs and state divisions of mental health programs. It has developed educational, training and self-help resources. NEC staff have been featured on CNN, USA Today, The Boston Globe, National Public Radio and talk and radio shows in the U.S., Canada, Europe and other countries.
NEC conducted qualitative research with people who were severely mentally ill but have met criteria for recovery, from which 10 major principles of how people recover were extracted:
NEC research also identified characteristics distinguishing those in illness and those "in recovery":
NEC developed an approach termed Personal Assistance in Community Existence (PACE). It is based on the premise that people can potentially recover fully from even the most severe forms of mental illness, and on an Empowerment Model of Recovery and prevention. It is an education program to help shift the culture of mental health from institutional thinking to recovery thinking, designed for people training to become peer coaches, people furthering their recovery, and people learning new skills to help others. It has previously been deliberately contrasted with "PACT" - Program of Assertive Community Treatment - a form of outpatient commitment that was originally designed to enable people to live in the community, rather than in psychiatric hospitals, but according to NEC has become a "coercive, lifelong, and nonclient-directed system with medication compliance as its most important tenet" NEC conducted a national survey of the use of PACE in the mental health system.
NEC co-founder Patricia Deegan was featured on the award-winning radio show a "This American Life"in "Edge of Sanity," first aired on 1997. Deegan herself is a psychologist who attended Oxford and Yale despite multiple psychiatric hospitalizations. She was diagnosed as schizophrenic as a teenager.[http://www.thisamericanlife.org/Radio_Episode.aspx?episode=52]
Founders.
The co-founder and executive director is Daniel B. Fisher, now a board-certified psychiatrist. A graduate of Princeton University, he completed a PhD in biochemistry at the University of Wisconsin, medical training at George Washington University, and a psychiatric residency at Harvard Medical School. While working as a biomedical researcher at the National Institute of Mental Health before he was a psychiatrist, Fisher had a psychotic episode including hallucinations and delusions. After three months at Bethesda Naval Hospital at age 25, which included forced seclusion and antipsychotic haloperidol, he was discharged with a diagnosis of schizophrenia. He was involuntarily hospitalized three times. He reports being influenced by those who were able to show they cared about the person inside and gave him hope that he might some day recover. He went on to become a psychiatrist. He was told during psychiatric training that "You can’t talk to an illness" but believed that talking to the person inside is a key method for building trust and recovery. He has since worked as a psychiatrist in hospitals and clinics, while also being a part of the consumer movement. He said that a very significant part of the reason for becoming a psychiatrist was wanting to bring to the field what he wished had been there when he was going through psychosis He was a member of the White House Commission on Mental Health, 2002-03.
Laurie Aherne and Patricia Deegan were the co-founders and directors of NEC for several years.
Staff.
NEC staff is Oryx Cohen, Judene Shelley, Leah Harris, and Anne Weaver. 
The deceased advocate Judi Chamberlin was an NEC staff person. Chamberlin was diagnosed with depression at the age of 21 but considered herself recovered, which she attributed to having been a non-compliant patient.
NEC consultants are Will Hall, Deborah Trueheart and Janice Sorensen.

</doc>
<doc id="18816068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816068" title="South-East, Russian SFSR">
South-East, Russian SFSR

The South-East (), also referred to as South-Eastern Krai () and South-Eastern Oblast () was a territory, and later an administrative division, of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR) which existed in 1920-1924.
Originally, the name "South-East" was used informally to refer to the territories of Don, Kuban-Black Sea, and Terek Oblasts, as well as those of Stavropol Governorate and Dagestan ASSR, which were governed by the Revolutionary Soviet of the Laborers' Army of South-East Russia (hence the name "South-East") established on August 7, 1920. While the Soviet itself was abolished in 1921, the name "South-East" stuck. Occasionally, the territory was also referred to as "South-Eastern Krai" and "South-Eastern Oblast", even though no official krai/oblast status was assigned to it at the time.
The system of the administrative and territorial division of the RSFSR was developing haphazardly in the beginning of the 1920s: it was inconsistent, expensive to maintain, and not very effective in practice. As a reaction to that, the 12th Congress of the Russian Communist Party (Bolsheviks) on April 23, 1924 decided to test a new system of the administrative division in two experimental areas: one industrially developed and one agricultural. The South-East became a testing ground for the new system in the agricultural area. On February 13, 1924, the All-Russian Central Executive Committee (VTsIK) officially defined the South-East as the area comprising the territories of Don and Kuban Oblasts, Terek and Stavropol Governorates, the city of Grozny, and Kabardino-Balkar, Karachay-Cherkess, Adyghe-Cherkess, and Chechen Autonomous Oblasts and mandated its division into districts ("raions") by the end of 1924. On June 2, 1924, the Presidium of the VTsIK established a list of the new okrugs and districts into which the "South-Eastern Krai (Oblast)" was to be divided. At the same time, Kuban-Black Sea Oblast was abolished and replaced with four new okrugs, which were further divided into districts by the Executive Committee of Kuban-Black Sea Oblast on July 19, 1924.
South-Eastern Krai was renamed North Caucasus Krai by the Resolution of the Presidium of the VTsIK of October 16, 1924 and by the Resolution of the Krai Executive Committee of November 16, 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="18816073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816073" title="Bear River First Nation">
Bear River First Nation

Bear River First Nation (Mi'kmaq: L'sɨtkuk) is a Míkmaq First Nation located in both Annapolis County and Digby County, Nova Scotia. As of 2012, the Mi'kmaq population is 103 on-Reserve, and approximately 211 off-Reserve.
History.
The community were known as canoe builders who used their craft for fishing and hunting porpoise, in the Annapolis Basin and Bay of Fundy. Oil rendered from the porpoise was sold as a machine lubricant into the early part of the twentieth century.
Tourism.
Each summer the Bear River First Nation Heritage & Cultural Centre offers authentic cultural immersion in the life and traditions of the Mi’kmaq, featuring hands-on craft-making workshops. 
Composition.
The Bear River First Nation is composed of three parts as shown, of which the largest is regularly occupied:

</doc>
<doc id="18816095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816095" title="Hexagraph">
Hexagraph

A hexagraph (from the , "héx", "six" and γράφω, "gráphō", "write") is a sequence of six letters used to represent a single sound (phoneme), or a combination of sounds that do not correspond to the individual values of the letters. They are only found in the Irish orthography where many of them can be analysed as a tetragraph plus the vowels "e" or "i" on either side to indicate that the neighboring consonants are palatalized "slender". However, not all Irish hexagraphs are analyzable this way. The hexagraph "oidhea," for example, represents the same sound (approximately the vowel in English "write") as the trigraph "adh," and with the same effect on neighboring consonants. 
English does not have hexagraphs. The six-letter sequence "schsch" appears in German, for example in the name Eschscholz, but this is a doubling of the trigraph "sch" to indicate that the preceding vowel is short, rather than itself being a hexagraph.
List of hexagraphs.
"Used between a palatalized ("slender") and a velarized ("broad") consonant:"
"Used between two slender consonants:"
"Used between two broad consonants:"

</doc>
<doc id="18816097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816097" title="Bob Clark (pitcher)">
Bob Clark (pitcher)

Robert William Clark (August 22, 1897 – May 18, 1944) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for two seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians from 1920 to 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="18816106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816106" title="Alexandru cel Bun, Neamț">
Alexandru cel Bun, Neamț

Alexandru cel Bun is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It was called "Viişoara" until 2002, when its name was changed. The commune is composed of seven villages: Agârcia, Bisericani, Bistriţa, Scăricica, Vaduri, Vădurele and Viişoara (the commune center).

</doc>
<doc id="18816116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816116" title="Borca, Neamț">
Borca, Neamț

Borca is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Borca, Lunca, Mădei, Pârâul Cârjei, Pârâul Pântei, Sabasa and Soci.

</doc>
<doc id="18816119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816119" title="Brusturi, Neamț">
Brusturi, Neamț

Brusturi is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Brusturi, Groşi, Poiana and Târzia. Called "Brusturi-Drăgăneşti" until 2004, it included four other villages until that year, when these were split off to form Drăgăneşti Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18816120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816120" title="Don Collins (baseball)">
Don Collins (baseball)

Donald Edward Collins (born September 15, 1952 in Lyons, Georgia) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for two seasons. He played for the Atlanta Braves in 1977 and the Cleveland Indians in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18816125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816125" title="Cândești, Neamț">
Cândești, Neamț

Cândeşti is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Bărcăneşti, Cândeşti, Dragova, Pădureni, Ţârdenii Mici and Vădurele.

</doc>
<doc id="18816129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816129" title="Ceahlău, Neamț">
Ceahlău, Neamț

Ceahlău is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bistricioara, Ceahlău and Pârâul Mare.
Attractions.
In addition to a respectable church at Bistricoara, the village of Ceahlău has a larger 19th century wooden church, with wild swirling spires similar to those at Curtea de Argeş in Argeş County. The village of Ceahlău also features a handful of three and four-star guesthouses and a hotel facing the beautiful Bicaz Lake ("Lacul Bicaz" or "Lacul Izvorul Muntelui", meaning "Mountain Spring Lake"). 
In addition to a little local general store, the village offers an ethnographic museum, and the remains of a princely castle just up behind the museum. 
Lodging at Ceahlău is a reasonable alternative to the higher prices of the resort community of Durău further up the river.
Geography.
Ceahlău is on the edge of the Ceahlău Massif portion of the Eastern Carpathian Mountains. The village itself runs along the Hermitage Brook ("pârâul Schitu"), and includes a small portion on the north-west side of the river along Mountain Spring Lake.
Ceahlău commune.
Ceahlău commune is made up of three main villages, that of Ceahlău, along with Bistricioara on the main road from Piatra Neamţ, and Pârâul Mare ("Big Stream"). All of these villages are sited in the mountains, situated along the main watercourses which flow out of the surrounding peaks and ranges.
Ceahlău Village.
The actual village of Ceahlău is the seat of local government for the wider eponymous township, with about 1500 villagers, mostly along the Pârâul Schit ("Hermitage Stream") (named for the original hermitage in Durău upstream) which runs through the village centre. The settlement here was originally named "satul Schit" ("Hermitage Village").
Bistricioara.
The nearby village of Bistricioara is on the main road, the national highway DN15 where it intersects with the DN155F, which runs along the lake, up through Ceahlău, and then up to the Durău resort. With about 800 inhabitants, Bistricioara is spread across the alluvial soils of the lower river of the same name, just before it flows into Mountain Spring Lake (also known as Lake Bicaz).
Pârâul Mare.
A newer development along the shores of the lake (which was man-made by damming the river in the 1950s to power a hydroelectric plant), 140 people enjoy excellent lake views, also along the Pârâul Mare river.

</doc>
<doc id="18816135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816135" title="Dochia, Neamț">
Dochia, Neamț

Dochia is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Băluşeşti and Dochia. These were part of Bahna Commune from 1864 to 1880, an independent commune from 1880 to 1968, part of Girov Commune from 1968 to 2003, and independent again since that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18816138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816138" title="Charles W. Cole">
Charles W. Cole

Charles W. Cole (1906–1978) was president of Amherst College from 1946 to 1960. Cole was also involved with the Committee on the National Security Organization, American Cancer Society, U.S. Air Force, Merrill Foundation for the Advancement of Financial Knowledge, Educational Testing Service, and Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association.
Charles W. Cole attended Amherst College and was a brother of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity (Sigma chapter).
Cole received his masters and Ph.D. from Columbia University. He was then a history professor at Columbia. From 1961-1964 he was United States Ambassador to Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="18816139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816139" title="Group work">
Group work

Group work is a form of cooperative learning. It aims to cater for individual differences, develop students' knowledge, generic skills (e.g. communication skills, collaborative skills, critical thinking skills) and attitudes.
Specifically in psychotherapy, "group work" refers to group therapy, offered by a practitioner trained in psychotherapy, psychoanalysis, counseling or other relevant discipline.
Social group work.
Social work includes all voluntary attempts to extend benefits in response to need which are concerned with social relationships and which avails themselves of scientific knowledge and methods.
There are six techniques in social work:

</doc>
<doc id="18816140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816140" title="Harley Boss">
Harley Boss

Elmer Harley Boss (November 19, 1908 – May 15, 1964) was a Major League Baseball first baseman who played for four seasons. He played for the Washington Senators from 1928 to 1930 and the Cleveland Indians in 1933. He played college baseball for Louisiana Tech.

</doc>
<doc id="18816141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816141" title="Lynn Brenton">
Lynn Brenton

Lynn Davis Brenton (October 7, 1889 – October 14, 1968) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for four seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians in 1913 and 1915 and the Cincinnati Reds from 1920 to 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="18816142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816142" title="John Briggs (baseball)">
John Briggs (baseball)

Jonathan Tift Briggs (born January 24, 1934 in Natoma, California) is a retired American professional baseball player, a former pitcher who played in Major League Baseball for five seasons for the Chicago Cubs from 1956 to 1958, the Cleveland Indians from 1959 to 1960, and the Kansas City Athletics in 1960. He was dealt from the Indians to the A's in August of the 1960 season and lost his first start with his new team to the Boston Red Sox.

</doc>
<doc id="18816143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816143" title="Herman Bronkie">
Herman Bronkie

Charles Herman Bronkie (August 6, 1884 - May 27, 1968) was a Major League Baseball third baseman who played for seven seasons. He played for the Cleveland Naps from 1910 to 1912, the Chicago Cubs in 1914, the St. Louis Cardinals in 1918, and the St. Louis Browns in 1919 and 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="18816144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816144" title="Frank Brower (baseball)">
Frank Brower (baseball)

Frank Willard "Turkey Foot" Brower (March 26, 1893 - November 20, 1960) was a Major League Baseball outfielder and first baseman who played for five seasons. He played for the Washington Senators from 1920 to 1922 and the Cleveland Indians from 1923 to 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="18816145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816145" title="Ellis Burton">
Ellis Burton

Ellis Narrington Burton (August 12, 1936 – October 1, 2013) was an American center fielder in Major League Baseball who played for the St. Louis Cardinals, Cleveland Indians and Chicago Cubs over parts of five seasons spanning 1958–1965. A switch-hitter who threw right-handed, Burton stood tall and weighed . He was born in Los Angeles, California.
Burton posted a .216 average with 17 home runs and 59 runs batted in in 215 major league games, scoring 79 runs while stealing six bases.
During an eleven-year minor league career, he hit .274 and 169 home runs in 1,213 games, while playing from 1955 through 1965 for 10 different teams at four different levels.

</doc>
<doc id="18816148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816148" title="Tom Buskey">
Tom Buskey

Thomas William "Husky" Buskey (February 20, 1947 – June 7, 1998) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for eight seasons. He played for the New York Yankees from 1973 to 1974, the Cleveland Indians from 1974 to 1977, and the Toronto Blue Jays from 1978 to 1980. He died in Harrisburg, PA from injuries involving an auto accident on June 7, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18816149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816149" title="John Butcher (baseball)">
John Butcher (baseball)

John Daniel Butcher (born March 8, 1957) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for seven seasons. He played for the Texas Rangers from 1980 to 1983, the Minnesota Twins from 1984 to 1986, and the Cleveland Indians in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18816150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816150" title="Bill Butler (baseball)">
Bill Butler (baseball)

William Franklin Butler (born March 12, 1947) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for seven seasons. A left-hander, he played for the Kansas City Royals, Cleveland Indians, and the Minnesota Twins.
Butler's best MLB season was his rookie campaign, in which he finished in the top ten in strikeouts (156), strikeouts per nine innings (7.25), and shutouts (4) in the American League.

</doc>
<doc id="18816152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816152" title="El gesticulador">
El gesticulador

El gesticulador (The Impostor) is a 1938 play by Mexican dramatist Rodolfo Usigli.
Plot.
The protagonist, César Rubio, is an unemployed professor who, in the aftermath of the Mexican Revolution, settles with his family in a small town in the north of Mexico. There, a professor from Harvard University confuses him for a missing revolutionary hero with the same name. Rubio claims to be the deceased hero, telling the professor that, disillusioned with the course of the Revolution, he had embraced anonymity until thirty years thereafter. The story is published in the "New York Times", and Rubio comes to the attention of his compatriots, receiving accolades and fielding offers to run for the governorship of his state against a corrupt Revolutionary general. Rubio loses himself in his new identity, viewing it as an opportunity to renew the promise of the Revolution.
Things go awry when the corrupt general against whom César is running forces a meeting between the two. In their conversation, each attempts to blackmail the other. Navarro, the corrupt general, knows that César is not the general he claims to be. César, on the other hand, figures out that Navarro killed general César Rubio during the war. Outside the door was César's son, who had trouble reconciling his father's newly revealed heroism. Despite Navarro's threats, César proceeds with his candidacy for governor. After leaving to attend the election, Miguel, Julia, and Elena(César's son, daughter, and wife, respectively) discuss the nature of their father's actions; Julia supports him, while Miguel, and ultimately Elena are unable to come to terms with his lie. However, Elena also realizes that Navarro will try to kill César, and sends Miguel to warn his father of the assassination. Unfortunately, he arrives too late; both César and the assassin have been killed, leaving no link back to Navarro. Navarro briefly returns to the house to gloat before addressing the crowd outside, promising that César will be treated as a hero and his family will be taken care of. While the crowd is initially hesitant, Navarro's apparent goodwill convinces them, and they cheer both him and César.
Controversy.
The play was daring for its time in that it used the true language of contemporary politics, a first for Mexican literature. Originally published in the literary review "El hijo pródigo" in 1938, the play was not staged until 1947. Its debut in the Mexico City's Palacio de Bellas Artes was welcomed by the theater-going public, but was met with hostility by the Mexican government. At issue was the play's declaration of the death of the Mexican Revolution in its institutionalization in the Partido Revolucionario Institucional.
The government cancelled several performances, and writers were hired to severely criticize the performances that were allowed to go on. The work thus became the only play in Mexican history to be censored by the government.

</doc>
<doc id="18816157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816157" title="Lou Camilli">
Lou Camilli

Louis Steven Camilli (born September 24, 1946 in El Paso, Texas) is a former Major League Baseball infielder who played for four seasons for the Cleveland Indians.
Camilli played college baseball at Texas A&M University, under coach Tom Chandler, where he was an all-conference selection in both 1966 and 1967. In August 1966, he was one of 19 college baseball players named to represent the United States in the World Amateur Tournament. He also played summer ball with the Rapid City Chiefs, a Rapid City, South Dakota team in the Basin League. He was then selected by the Indians in the 3rd round of the 1967 MLB Draft.
Camilli began his professional career with the 1967 Class-A Reno Silver Sox, where he hit .303 in 62 games. He was promoted to the Double-A Waterbury Indians in 1968 and made his Major League debut on August 9, 1969 at third base against the Kansas City Royals. He was hitless in four at-bats in the game. In 13 games with the Indians in 1969, he had 14 at-bats and failed to record a hit. He spent most of 1970 also with Waterbury before receiving a late season call-up. He also failed to record a hit in 15 at-bats that season.
Camilli recorded his first Major League hit with a single to center field against Vida Blue of the Oakland Athletics on April 30, 1971.
In four seasons from 1969-1972 with the Indians he played in 107 games, had 151 at-bats, 22 hits and a .146 batting average. He was used mostly as a utility infielder, a role that he embraced. The Indians never finished higher than fifth during Camilli's time with the team, leading him to quip, "They ought to change our name to the Cleveland Light Company. We don't have anything but utility men."
Camilli's professional baseball career ended after he hit .281 in 134 games for the 1973 Oklahoma City 89ers.

</doc>
<doc id="18816158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816158" title="Soup Campbell">
Soup Campbell

Clarence Campbell ["Soup"] (March 7, 1915 – February 16, 2000) was a backup outfielder in Major League Baseball who played from 1940 through 1941 for the Cleveland Indians. Listed at , 188 lb., Campbell batted left-handed and threw right-handed. He was born in Sparta, Virginia.
In a two-season career, Campbell was a .246 hitter (96-for-432) with three home runs and 37 runs batted in in 139 games, including 10 doubles, four triples, one stolen base, and a .315 on-base percentage. 
He enlisted in the U.S. Army during World War II, missing the 1942-1945 seasons, returning to baseball action with the Baltimore Orioles of the International League in 1946. He compiled a .298 average and 23 homers in 579 minor league games in a span of five years (1937–39, 1946–47).
He later managed for the 1952 Lexington team of the North Carolina State League.
Campbell died in his homeland of Sparta at the age of 84.

</doc>
<doc id="18816162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816162" title="Allan Collamore">
Allan Collamore

Allan Edward Collamore (June 5, 1887 – August 8, 1980) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for three seasons. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics in 1911 and the Cleveland Indians from 1914 to 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="18816163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816163" title="Hap Collard">
Hap Collard

Earl Clinton "Hap" Collard (August 29, 1898 – July 9, 1968) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for three seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians from 1927 to 1928 and the Philadelphia Phillies in 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="18816165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816165" title="Geology of British Columbia">
Geology of British Columbia

The geology of British Columbia is a function of its location on the leading edge of the North American continent. The mountainous physiography and the diversity of rock types and ages hint at the complex geology, which is still undergoing revision despite a century of exploration and mapping. 
The country's most prominent geological features are mountain ranges, including the North American Cordillera, which stretches from Southern Mexico to Alaska.
Terrane theory.
Terrane theory was first proposed by Jim Monger of the Geological Survey of Canada and Charlie Rouse in 1971 as an explanation for a set of fusilinid fossils found in central British Columbia. Rather than use facies changes or seaways (which were common explanations at the time), the two geologists proposed that the fossils in question had been part of an assemblage of rocks that had migrated across the Pacific Ocean to their present location. This theory was then developed by Porter Irwin and Davy Jones of the US Geological Survey to its common definition of "fault bounded regional geologic entities, each characterized by a different geologic history than its neighbours".
Terranes are most commonly associated with different tectonic elements such as island arcs, volcanic plateaus, subduction zones, continental margins, mid-oceanic ridges and continental fragments. These terranes are gradually joined together by elements such as overlap assemblages and stitching plutons and are then accreted to the continent. In some cases, a terrane can contain multiple tectonic elements. The Cache Creek Terrane is composed of a massive carbonate component, an oceanic floor component and a subduction mélange component.
Architecture and composition.
There are five morpho-geological belts that define the geology of British Columbia from east to west: the Foreland, Omineca, Intermontane, Coast and Insular Belt. Each has a separate geology, including different metamorphic, physiograhpic, metallogenic and tectonic histories. 
The Foreland Belt is composed of weakly metamorphosed sedimentary rocks which are 1.4 billion to 33 million years old, and the belt represents a rift sequence followed by a passive margin that was turned into a retro arc fold and thrust belt with synorogenic sedimentation. The region is very rugged except in the northeast of the province where the earth flattens out to a wide plain. 
The Omineca Belt is composed of highly metamorphosed, pericratonic (near craton) terranes and fragments of North America that are 2 billion to 180 million years old. Terranes in the belt include the Slide Mountain Terrane, the Yukon-Tanana Terrane and the Cassiar Terrane. This belt goes from low hills to high mountains across its length, with the majority of the region being extremely rugged.
The Intermontane Belt is a flatter, more rounded region composed of three terranes, Stikinia, Quesnellia and the Cache Creek Terrane. The belt has a lower metamorphic grade than the Omineca Belt and ranges from 400 million to within 10,000 years old. Volcanic activity has been recorded as occurring in the past 10,000 years, including at Nazko Cone and in the Satah Mountain volcanic field.
The Coast Belt is the single largest outpouring of granite and granodiorite in the phanerozoic, it contains heavily metamorphosed fragments of both the terranes of the Insular Belt and the Intermontane Belt. In the southeast there is a series of small terranes of both oceanic (Bridge River and Chilliwack) and continental affinity (Jack Konat Mountain, Ladner). The hard weathering granite is extensively rugged the throughout the belt. 
The Insular Belt is composed of the outboard terrain with no connection to North America before accretion. There are two main terranes—Wrangellia and the Alexander—and few smaller ones such as the Pacific Rim terrane. Because the Insular Belt is the most tectonically active of the belts, it has the greatest relief differences from the depths of Queen Charlotte sound to the heights of the Wrangell–St. Elias mountains. The ages are from 600 million years to recent, with metamorphic grade depending on the age and host of the rock type.

</doc>
<doc id="18816166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816166" title="Charalabos Charalabakis">
Charalabos Charalabakis

Charalabos Charalabakis (born 31 August 1980 in Greece) is a professional football defender who plays for Thrasyvoulos in the Greek second division.
Charalabakis previously played for Ergotelis F.C. in the Greek Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="18816167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816167" title="Bruce Connatser">
Bruce Connatser

Broadus Milburn "Bruce" Connatser (September 19, 1902 – January 27, 1971) was an American Major League Baseball first baseman who played in 35 MLB games over two seasons for the Cleveland Indians (–). A right-handed batting and throwing first baseman who stood tall and weighed , he collected 28 hits, including six doubles and one triple.
The native of Sevierville, Tennessee, attended the University of Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="18816171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816171" title="Bill Davis (baseball)">
Bill Davis (baseball)

Arthur Willard Davis (born June 6, 1942 in Graceville, Minnesota) is an American former Major League Baseball first baseman who played for the Cleveland Indians from to and the San Diego Padres in .
The , Davis batted and threw left-handed, and signed with Cleveland after starring in baseball and basketball at the University of Minnesota. He began his baseball career in the Double-A Eastern League in 1964, and in his sophomore season he hit 33 home runs, batted .311 and drove in 106 runs for the Triple-A Portland Beavers in 1965. Recalled by Cleveland in September, he made ten appearances as a pinch hitter and counted a double among his three hits. He began and ended 1966 with the Indians, but spent most of the year in Portland. In 38 MLB at bats, Davis made only six hits, but one was his first (and only) Major League home run, against veteran Jack Sanford of the California Angels as a pinch hitter on September 9.
Davis then spent the entire season on the disabled list after he ruptured his Achilles tendon while playing a pick-up basketball game in January. He would never play another game for the Indians, but after his third stint with Triple-A Portland in 1968, he was traded to the newly established Padres. He was the starting first baseman in the first official National League game ever played by the Padres on April 8, 1969, and went hitless in three at bats against the Houston Astros. He started ten more games in April, but did not hit enough to hold the regular job, and was traded to the St. Louis Cardinals in May. The Cardinals immediately sent him to Triple-A, where he spent the rest of the 1969 season, his last in baseball. He then returned to his hometown of Richfield, Minnesota, where he worked in real estate and banking.

</doc>
<doc id="18816173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816173" title="Steve Davis (pitcher)">
Steve Davis (pitcher)

Steven Kennon Davis (born August 4, 1960 in San Antonio, Texas) is an American retired professional baseball pitcher who played for three seasons in Major League Baseball. He played for the Toronto Blue Jays from 1985 to 1986 and the Cleveland Indians in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18816175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816175" title="John T. Clark">
John T. Clark

John T. Clark was an American civil engineer and politician from New York.
Life.
He lived at Utica, Oneida County, New York.
He was Resident Engineer and Superintendent of Transportation of the Mohawk and Hudson Railroad when on August 9, 1831, the first regular railway passenger service in the United States was begun and acted as conductor of the first journey of the train which was drawn by the "DeWitt Clinton" locomotive. 
He was New York State Engineer and Surveyor from 1854 to 1855, elected on the Whig ticket.

</doc>
<doc id="18816192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816192" title="Jack Curtis (baseball)">
Jack Curtis (baseball)

Jack Patrick Curtis (January 11, 1937 in Rhodhiss, North Carolina) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for three seasons. He played for the Chicago Cubs from 1961 to 1962, the Milwaukee Braves in 1962, and the Cleveland Indians in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="18816194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816194" title="Dragomirești, Neamț">
Dragomirești, Neamț

Dragomireşti is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Borniş, Dragomireşti, Hlăpeşti, Mastacăn, Unghi and Vad.

</doc>
<doc id="18816201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816201" title="Otto Denning">
Otto Denning

Otto George Denning (December 28, 1912 – May 25, 1992) was a Major League Baseball catcher who played for two seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians from 1942 to 1943. He made his major league debut on April 15, 1942.
Otto "Dutch" Denning attended high school in Chicago before beginning his pro baseball career in 1933. While playing for the Minneapolis Millers in 1938, he finished second to teammate Ted Williams in the American Association batting race. After nine seasons in the minors, he was selected by the Cleveland Indians in the Rule 5 draft after the 1941 season. While many players were away serving in World War II, he made his big league debut on skipper Lou Boudreau's club in 1942 and played a season and a half in the majors. After that, he returned to the minors, where he later managed.
While in the minors with the Milwaukee Brewers, Denning became friends with Bill Veeck. After Veeck got out of baseball in the 1980s, he and Denning would often attend Chicago Cubs games, sitting together in the Wrigley Field bleachers.
Denning died at age 79 after suffering a heart attack in his home in Chicago. He was the uncle of big leaguer Chris Bourjos. He was the husband of Agnes Denning (née Lalowski) and father of four children: Rose O'Toole, Dorothy Denning, Michael Denning, and Patrick Denning. He has two grandchildren: Patrick O'Toole Jr. and Kristina Denning.

</doc>
<doc id="18816203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816203" title="Steve Demeter">
Steve Demeter

Stephen Demeter (January 27, 1935 – February 3, 2013) was an American professional baseball player and scout. He played in Major League Baseball as a third baseman for two seasons.
Career.
Demeter played for the Detroit Tigers in 1959. Prior to the 1960 season he was traded to the Cleveland Indians for Norm Cash. The trade turned out to be one of the most lop-sided trades in major league baseball history, as Demeter played only four games for the Indians before being returned to the minor leagues, from which he never returned. Cash went on to win the 1961 AL batting championship and was one of the top sluggers of the 1960s, hitting 377 career home runs.
Demeter was a fixture of the Rochester Red Wings teams of the mid-1960s, hitting 272 minor league home runs, and has been inducted into the International League Hall of Fame.
Personal.
Demeter's grandson, Derek Dietrich, is a professional baseball player.

</doc>
<doc id="18816209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816209" title="Drăgănești, Neamț">
Drăgănești, Neamț

Drăgăneşti is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Drăgăneşti, Orţăşti, Râşca and Şoimăreşti. These were part of Brusturi-Drăgăneşti Commune until 2004, when they were split off and the latter renamed Brusturi.

</doc>
<doc id="18816213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816213" title="Făurei, Neamț">
Făurei, Neamț

Făurei is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Budeşti, Climeşti, Făurei and Micşuneşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18816215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816215" title="Vince Colbert">
Vince Colbert

Vincent Norman Colbert (born December 20, 1945 in Washington D. C.) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for three seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians from 1970 to 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="18816218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816218" title="Horia, Neamț">
Horia, Neamț

Horia is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is located about 2.5 km south southwest of the centre of Roman. The commune is composed of two villages, Cotu Vameş and Horia.

</doc>
<doc id="18816222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816222" title="Ion Creangă, Neamț">
Ion Creangă, Neamț

Ion Creangă is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Avereşti, Ion Creangă ("Brăteşti" until 1908 and then "Brătianu" until the advent of the Communist regime in 1948), Izvoru, Muncelu, Recea and Stejaru.

</doc>
<doc id="18816226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816226" title="Mărgineni, Neamț">
Mărgineni, Neamț

Mărgineni is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Hârţeşti, Hoiseşti, Itrineşti and Mărgineni.

</doc>
<doc id="18816227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816227" title="Fred Carisch">
Fred Carisch

Frederick Behlmer Carisch (November 14, 1881 – April 19, 1977) was a Major League Baseball catcher who played for eight seasons. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1903 to 1906, the Cleveland Naps from 1912 to 1914, and the Detroit Tigers in 1923.
His one-off appearance for the Tigers occurred on the 4th of July against the Cleveland Indians. When Larry Woodall was ejected from the game, there were no recognised catchers in the dugout to replace him. When Indians manager Tris Speaker refused to let any of the recognised catchers enter the game, Tigers manager Ty Cobb was forced to use Carisch, who was one of the Detroit coaches.

</doc>
<doc id="18816228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816228" title="Pete Center">
Pete Center

Marvin Earl "Pete" Center (April 22, 1912 – August 8, 2004) was an American professional baseball player, a right-handed pitcher who appeared in 77 Major League games over all or part of four seasons (1942–1943; 1945–1946) for the Cleveland Indians. A native of Hazel Green, Kentucky, the , Center attended Morehead State University.
Center's pitching career began in 1934 in the St. Louis Cardinals' farm system. After spending two seasons in Class D baseball, he was out of the professional ranks in 1936, then spent 1937 as a position player before resuming his mound career in 1938 in the Class B Southeastern League. Acquired by the Indians the following year, Center rose to A ball, then the top level of minor league baseball, before making his debut with Cleveland on September 11, . In relief of Jim Bagby, Jr., Center allowed seven hits, four bases on balls and six earned runs in 3 innings pitched as the Indians bowed to the Boston Red Sox, 15–2, at League Park.
He spent the full campaign with Cleveland, appearing in 24 games, all but one as a relief pitcher, then served in the United States Army Air Forces during the 1944 campaign. Center then returned to the Indians for the season. That year he worked in 31 games, eight as a starting pitcher, and won six of nine decisions, with two complete games and one save. His MLB career wound down in , with 21 appearances, all in relief, for Cleveland.
Altogether, Center allowed 154 hits and 70 bases on balls in 160 innings pitched in the majors, with 50 strikeouts and three saves. He finished with seven wins and seven losses in 14 decisions and posted a 4.10 career earned run average.

</doc>
<doc id="18816229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816229" title="Virgil Cheeves">
Virgil Cheeves

Virgil Earl Cheeves (February 12, 1901 – May 5, 1979) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for six seasons. Nicknamed "Chief", he played for the Chicago Cubs from 1920 to 1923, the Cleveland Indians in 1924, and the New York Giants in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="18816230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18816230" title="Josh Clarke">
Josh Clarke

Joshua Baldwin Clarke (March 8, 1879 – July 2, 1962) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played for five seasons. He played for the Louisville Colonels in 1898, the St. Louis Cardinals in 1905, the Cleveland Naps from 1908 to 1909, and the Boston Rustlers in 1911. He is the brother of National Baseball Hall of Famer Fred Clarke.

</doc>
