<doc id="18674669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674669" title="MOL AccessPortal">
MOL AccessPortal

MOL AccessPortal is a payment service providers for games, content and services in Asia.
History.
MOL AccessPortal Sdn Berhad was incorporated in Malaysia under the Companies Act, 1965 on 9 February 2000 as a private limited company under the name of Superior World Sdn Bhd. It assumed its present name on 8 July 2000 and was converted into a public limited company on 29 April 2002. MOL was officially listed on the MESDAQ Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad under the Technology Sector on 22 December 2003. It was subsequently privatized by Tan Sri Vincent Tan, Chairman & CEO of Berjaya Corporation, one of the largest conglomerates in Malaysia with an annual turnover of USD3.8 billion in February 2008.
MOL is a MSC Malaysia Status Company that develops and operates payment systems. It leverages on a network of over 600,000 physical and virtual payment channels across more than 80 countries worldwide to operate its key payment products.
MOL processes over 6,000,000 transactions per month with a volume of more than USD300 Million a year.
MOL is recognized as one of the Asia Pacific’s fastest growing technology companies in the Deloitte Technology Fast 500 Asia Pacific Awards for 2005 & 2006, has won a Merit Award for the Best of E-Commerce Applications in MSC Asia Pacific ICT Awards and is a Microsoft Certified Partner. In 2010, MOL ranked 23rd in the Deloitte Fast 500 Companies of Asia Pacific 2010 becoming South East Asia's fastest growing technology.
MOLPoints.
MOLPoints is the All-In-One online currency for games, content & services. It leverages on MOL AccessPortal's 600,000 physical and virtual payment channels across more than 80 countries worldwide.
MOLReloads.
MOLReloads is an electronic and distribution platform that enables an efficient and almost instantaneous distribution of prepaid products through a terminal-based infrastructure.
MOLPay.
MOLPay is an online payment gateway solution that enables e-commerce merchants to collect payments from online buyers securely through physical and online payment channels.
MOLReloads is a prepaid payment service which has the features of a credit card with prepaid convenience that leverages on MOL Points reload channels.

</doc>
<doc id="18674718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674718" title="Ihor Snitko">
Ihor Snitko

Ihor Snitko (born 13 August 1978) is a retired freestyle swimmer from Ukraine, who was a specialist in the long-distance events. He won the silver medal in the men's 1500 m freestyle event at the 1997 European Championships in Seville, Spain, followed by the gold medal two years later in Istanbul. He represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in Atlanta, Georgia (1996).

</doc>
<doc id="18674719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674719" title="Tomoko Okano">
Tomoko Okano

Tomoko Okano (岡野知子 "Okano Tomoko", born August 29, 1979) is a former Japanese volleyball player. She served as the captain of Denso Airybees between 2006 and 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18674721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674721" title="Pavlo Khudzik">
Pavlo Khudzik

Pavlo Oleksandrovich Khudzik (; born 29 April 1985 in Teofipol, Khmelnytskyi Oblast, Ukraine, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for FC Zorya Luhansk in the Ukrainian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="18674724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674724" title="Killing of Tim McLean">
Killing of Tim McLean

The killing of Tim McLean (October 3, 1985 – July 30, 2008) occurred on the evening of July 30, 2008. McLean, a 22-year-old Canadian man, was stabbed, beheaded and cannibalized while riding a Greyhound Canada bus about 30 km west of Portage la Prairie, Manitoba traveling the Trans Canada Highway. On March 5, 2009, McLean's killer, 40-year-old Vince Weiguang Li () (born April 30, 1968), was found to be not criminally responsible for murder and was remanded to a high-security mental health facility where he currently resides.
Incident.
The incident took place near Portage la Prairie, Manitoba, during a trip from Edmonton to McLean's hometown of Winnipeg.
At 12:01 p.m. on July 30, 2008, Tim McLean, a carnival worker, was returning home to Manitoba after working at a fair in Alberta. He departed Edmonton on board Greyhound bus 1170 to Winnipeg, via the Yellowhead Highway through Saskatchewan. He sat at the rear, one row ahead of the toilet. At 6:55 p.m., the bus departed from a stop in Erickson, Manitoba with a new passenger, Vince Weiguang Li. Li, described as a tall man in his 40s, with a shaved head and sunglasses, originally sat near the front of the bus, but moved to sit next to McLean following a scheduled rest stop. McLean "barely acknowledged" Li, then fell asleep against the window pane, headphones covering his ears.
According to witnesses, McLean was sleeping with his headphones on when the man sitting next to him suddenly produced a large knife and began stabbing McLean in the neck and chest. The attacker then decapitated McLean and displayed his severed head to other passengers outside who had fled the bus in horror. The driver and two other men had attempted to rescue McLean but were chased away by Li, who slashed wildly at them from behind the locked bus doors. Li then went back to the body and began severing other body parts and consuming some of McLean's flesh.
At 8:30 p.m., the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) in Portage la Prairie received a report of a stabbing on a Greyhound bus west of the city. They arrived to find the suspect still on board the bus, being prevented from escaping by another passenger, the bus driver, and a truck driver who had provided a crowbar and a hammer as weapons. The other passengers were huddled at the roadside, some of them crying and vomiting. As the suspect had earlier attempted to escape by driving the bus away, the driver had engaged the emergency immobilizer system, rendering the vehicle inoperable. Witnesses had observed the suspect stabbing and cutting McLean's body, and carrying McLean's severed head.
By 9:00 p.m., police were in a standoff with the suspect and had summoned special negotiators and a heavily armed tactical unit. The suspect alternately paced the length of the bus and defiled the corpse. Police officers then observed Li eating parts of the body. Meanwhile, the stranded passengers were transported from the scene to be interviewed at the Brandon RCMP detachment. RCMP officers reportedly heard Li say, "I have to stay on the bus forever."
On July 31, 2008, at 1:30 a.m., the suspect attempted to escape from the bus by breaking through a window. The RCMP arrested Li soon afterward. He was shot with a Taser twice, handcuffed and placed in the back of a police cruiser. Parts of the victim's body, placed in plastic bags, were retrieved from the bus, while his ear, nose and tongue were found in Li's pockets. The victim's eyes and a part of his heart were never recovered and are presumed to have been eaten by Li.
At 10:00 a.m., Greyhound representatives took the other passengers to a local store to replace their clothes, which remained on the bus. They arrived in Winnipeg at 3:30 p.m. that day, to be reunited with family members and friends.
Witness accounts.
Garnet Caton, a 26-year-old seismic driller who sat one row ahead of McLean, described hearing "a blood-curdling scream," saying, "I turned around and the guy sitting right behind me was standing up and stabbing another guy with a big Rambo knife... Right in the throat. Repeatedly."
Caton added: "I got sick after I saw the head thing. Some people were puking, some people were crying, some people were shocked. attacker just looked at us and dropped the head on the ground, totally calm." A police officer who was at the scene said the attacker also cut off parts of the victim's body and ate them.
Another passenger, Stephen Allison, stated that McLean fought his attacker, providing other passengers with the opportunity to get off the bus.
Vince Weiguang Li.
Background.
Vince Weiguang Li was born in Dandong, China on April 30, 1968. In 1992, Li graduated from University of Wuhan Institute of Technology with a Bachelor of Science degree in Computers. From 1994-1998, Li worked in Beijing as a computer software engineer. Li immigrated to Canada from China on June 11, 2001 (though some newspapers mistakenly reported 2004) becoming a Canadian citizen on November 7, 2006. A Dr. Stanley Yaren said Li was hospitalized in 2003 or 2004 after an incident with the Ontario Provincial Police.
He worked in Winnipeg at menial jobs at Grant Memorial Church for six months to support his wife, Anna. Pastor Tom Castor, who employed Li, said he seemed happy to have a job and was committed to doing it well, despite a language barrier with other congregation members.
"I think he would occasionally feel frustrated with not being able to communicate or understand," Castor told CTV Winnipeg. "But we have a very patient staff and he seemed to respond well." Castor also said Li did not show any signs of anger issues or any other trouble before he quit in the spring of 2005. He worked as a forklift operator in Winnipeg while his wife worked as a waitress.
Li first moved to Edmonton in 2006, abruptly leaving his wife alone in Winnipeg until she joined him later. His jobs included service at a Wal-Mart, at a fast-food restaurant, and newspaper delivery. His delivery boss, Vincent Augert, described Li as reliable, hard-working and not showing any signs of trouble.
Four weeks before the killing, he was fired from Wal-Mart following a "disagreement" with other employees. Shortly before the incident, Li asked for time off from his delivery job to go to Winnipeg for a job interview.
July 29, 2008.
At midnight July 28 in Edmonton, Li boarded a Greyhound bus bound for Winnipeg.
On July 29, around 6 p.m., Li got off the bus in Erickson, Manitoba with at least three pieces of luggage, and stayed the night on a bench next to a grocery store. According to one witness, he was seen at 3 a.m. sitting bolt upright with eyes wide open.
On the morning of July 30, still at the bench, he sold his new laptop computer to a 15-year-old boy, Darren Beatty, for $60. The laptop was seized by the RCMP as evidence; the boy was subsequently given a new laptop for his honesty by an anonymous businessman. Shortly before 6 p.m. Li boarded the bus heading to Winnipeg, which was carrying Tim McLean and 35 other passengers.
Witness Garnet Caton said the attacker seemed oblivious to others when the stabbing occurred, adding he was struck by how calm the man was. "There was no rage or anything. He was like a robot, stabbing the guy," he said. When he appeared in a Portage la Prairie courthouse on charges of second-degree murder, the only words Li reportedly uttered were pleas for someone to kill him.
Trial.
Li's trial commenced on March 3, 2009, with Li pleading not criminally responsible. This means that he accepted that the offence occurred but he claimed that he was unable to form the necessary mental element or mens rea. The psychiatrist said that Li performed the attack because God's voice told him McLean was a force of evil and was about to execute him. The presiding judge accepted the diagnosis, and ruled that Li was not criminally responsible for the killing. Li was remanded to the Selkirk Mental Health Centre. Though he had not fully emerged from the psychotic phase, the psychiatrist said that Li was beginning to realize what he had done, though he could not accept that he cannibalized McLean.
Aftermath.
The week following the attack, Greyhound Canada announced it was pulling a series of nationwide advertisements which included the line, "There's a reason you've never heard of bus rage." The incident has led to numerous calls and petitions demanding increased security on intercity buses.
After the incident, People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) ran an ad in the "Portage Daily Graphic" comparing the killing of McLean to the consumption of animals.
The family of Tim McLean have brought a lawsuit of $150,000 against Greyhound, the Attorney General of Canada, and Vince Li.
On June 3, 2010, Li was granted supervised outdoor walks within his mental health facility as voted by the provincial review board.
On February 16, 2011, two passengers, Debra Tucker, of Port Colborne, Ontario and Kayli Shaw, of London, Ontario filed a lawsuit against Li, Greyhound, the RCMP, and the Government of Canada for being exposed to the beheading. They are each seeking $3 million in damages.
On May 30, 2011, the CBC reported that Li is responding well to his psychiatric treatment and that his doctor has recommended that he will receive more freedoms, phased in over several months.
On May 17, 2012, the "National Post" reported that Li has been granted temporary passes that will allow him out of the Selkirk Mental Health Centre for visits to the town of Selkirk, supervised by a nurse and peace officer. In an interview, Li spoke for the first time, saying that he began hearing "the voice of God" in 2004 and that he wanted to save the people from an alien attack.
On February 27, 2014, the CBC reported that on March 6, Li will be allowed to have unsupervised visits to Selkirk, starting at 30 minutes and expanding to full-day trips. Since 2013, he is allowed to have supervised visits to Lockport, Winnipeg, and nearby beaches. Those visits will be relaxed.

</doc>
<doc id="18674731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674731" title="List of Nippon Professional Baseball players (T)">
List of Nippon Professional Baseball players (T)

The following is a list of Nippon Professional Baseball players with the last name starting with T, retired or active.

</doc>
<doc id="18674746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674746" title="East Mountain Teaching">
East Mountain Teaching

East Mountain Teaching denotes the teachings of the Fourth Ancestor Dayi Daoxin, his student and heir the Fifth Ancestor Daman Hongren, and their students of the Chan lineage of China. 
"East Mountain Teaching" gets its name from the East Mountain Temple on 'Shuangfeng' ("Twin Peaks") of Huangmei. The East Mountain Temple was on the easternmost peak of the two. The label "East Mountain Teaching" (Chinese: 東山法門, "dong shan fa men") is literally translated as the East Mountain Dharma Gate. It is also translated as the "East Mountain School". 
The two most famous disciples of Hongren, Dajian Huineng and Yuquan Shenxiu, both were referred as continuing the East Mountain teaching.
History.
The East Mountain School was established by Daoxin ( 580–651)at East Mountain Temple on Potou (Broken Head) Mountain, which was later renamed Shuangfeng (Twin Peaks). Daoxin taught there for 30 years. He established the first monastic home for "Bodhidharma's Zen". 
The tradition holds that Hongren ( 601–674) left home at an early age (between seven and fourteen) and lived at East Mountain Temple on Twin Peaks, where Daoxiin was the abbot. 
Teachings.
The East Mountain community was a specialized meditation training centre. The establishment of a community in one location was a change from the wandering lives of Bodhiharma and Huike and their followers. It fitted better into the Chinese society, which highly valued community-oriented behaviour, instead of solitary practice
An important aspect of the East Mountain Teachings was its nonreliance on a single sutra or a single set of sutras for its doctrinal foundation as was done by most of the other Buddhist sects of the time.
The East Mountain School incorporated both the Lankavatara Sutra and the Mahaprajnaparamita Sutras. 
The view of the mind in the Awakening of Faith in the Mahayana (Chinese: Ta-ch'eng ch'i-hsin lun) also had a significant import on the doctrinal development of the East Mountain Teaching.:
Daoxin.
Daoxin is credited with several important innovations that led directly to the ability of Zen to become a popular religion. Among his most important contributions were:
Hongren.
Hongren was a plain meditation teacher, who taught students of "various religious interests", including "practitioners of the Lotus Sutra, students of Madhyamaka philosophy, or specialists in the monastic regulations of Buddhist Vinaya".
Following Daoxin, Hongren included an emphasis on the Mahaprajnaparamita Sutras, including the Heart Sutra and the Diamond Sutra, along with the emphasis on the Lankavatara Sutra. 
Though Hongren was known for not compiling writings and for teaching Zen principles orally, the classical Zen text "Discourse on the Highest Vehicle", is attributed to him. This work emphasizes the practice of "maintaining the original true mind" that "naturally cuts off the arising of delusion."
Split in Northern and Southern School.
Originally Shenxiu was considered to be the "Sixth Patriarch", carrying the mantle of Bodhidharma's Zen through the East Mountain School. After the death of Shenxiu, his student Heze Shenhui started a campaign to establish Huineng as the Sixth Ancestor. Eventually Shenhui's position won the day, and Huineng was recognized as the Sixth Patriarch. 
The successful promulgation of Shenhui's views led to Shenxiu's branch being widely referred to by others as the "Northern School." This nomenclature has continued in western scholarship, which for the most part has largely viewed Chinese Zen through the lens of southern Chan.
Northern and Southern School.
The terms Northern and Southern have little to do with geography:
The basic difference is between approaches. Shenhui characterised the Northern School as employing "gradual teachings", while his Southern school employed "sudden teachings":
The term "East Mountain Teaching" is seen as more culturally and historically appropriate. 
But the characterization of Shenxiu's East Mountain Teaching as gradualist is argued to be unfounded in light of the documents found amongst manuscripts recovered from the Mogao Caves near Dunhuang. Shenhui's Southern School incorporated Northern teachings as well, and Shenhui himself admittedly saw the need of further practice after initial awakening.
Shenxiu (神秀, 606?-706 CE).
Shenxiu's prominent position in the history of Chán, despite the popular narrative, is recognized by modern scholarship:
Kuiken (undated: p. 17) in discussing a Dunhuang document of the Tang monk and meditator, 'Jingjue' (靜覺, 683- ca. 750) states: 
Jingjue's Record introduces Hongren of Huangmei 黃梅宏忍 (d.u.) as the main teacher in the sixth generation of the 'southern' or 'East Mountain' meditation tradition. Shenxiu is mentioned as Hongren's authorized successor. In Shenxiu's shadow, Jingjue mentions 'old An' 老安 (see A) as a 'seasoned' meditation teacher and some minor 'local disciples' of Hongren.
Hui-neng.
The story of Huineng is famously worded in the "Platform Sutra", a text which originated after Shenhui's death. Its core may have originated within the so-called Oxhead school. The text was subsequently edited and enlarged, and reflects various Chán teachings. It de-emphasizes the difference between the Northern and the Southern School. 
The first chapter of the Platform Sutra relates the story of Huineng and his inheritance of the East Mountain Teachings.
Wider influence of the East Mountain Teachings.
The tradition of a list of patriarchs, which granted credibility to the developing tradition, developed early in the Chán tradition:
Faru (法如, 638-689 CE).
Faru (法如, 638-689) was "the first pioneer" and "actual founder" of the Northern School. His principal teachers were Hui-ming and Daman Hongren (Hung-jen). He was sent to Hongren by Hui-ming, and attained awakening when studying with Hung-jen 
Originally Faru too was credited to be the successor of Hongren. But Faru did not have a good publicist, and he was not included within the list of Chan Patriarchs.
Because of Faru, the 'Shaolin Monastery', constructed in 496CE, yet again became prominent. had only a brief stay at Shaolin Temple, but during his stay the cloister became the epicentre of the flourishing Chan movement. An epitaph commemorating the success of Faru's pioneering endeavors is located on Mount Sung.
Pao-t'ang (無住; Wu-chu; 714-774 CE).
Pao-t'ang Wu-chu or 'Bao-tang Wu-zhu' (保唐无住) (Chinese: 無住; Wu-chu; 714-774CE), head and founder of Pao-t'ang Monastery (Chinese: 保唐寺) at Chengdu, Szechwan located in south west China was a member of the East Mountain Teachings as was Reverend Kim (Chin ho-shang).
Moheyan (late eighth century CE).
Moheyan (late eighth century CE) was a proponent of the Northern School. Moheyan traveled to Dunhuang, which at the time belonged to the Tibetan Empire, in 781 or 787 CE. 
Moheyan participated in a prolonged debate with Kamalashila at Samye in Tibet over sudden versus gradual teachings, which was decisive for the course the Tibetan Buddhist tradition took:
Broughton identifies the Chinese and Tibetan nomenclature of Mohoyen's teachings and identifies them principally with the East Mountain Teachings:
The teachings of Moheyan and other Chan masters were unified with the Kham Dzogchen lineages {this may or may not be congruent with the Kahma (Tibetan: "bka' ma") lineages} through the "Kunkhyen" (Tibetan for "omniscient"), Rongzom Chokyi Zangpo.
The Dzogchen ("Great Perfection") School of the Nyingmapa was often identified with the 'sudden enlightenment' (Tibetan: "cig car gyi ‘jug pa") of Moheyan and was called to defend itself against this charge by avowed members of the Sarma lineages that held to the staunch view of 'gradual enlightenmnent' (Tibetan: "rim gyis ‘jug pa").

</doc>
<doc id="18674752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674752" title="Wilson Hall">
Wilson Hall

Wilson Hall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18674757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674757" title="Girls Got Rhythm!">
Girls Got Rhythm!

Girls Got Rhythm! is a compilation album featuring various all-female tribute bands. The album is named after the song of the same title by AC/DC.

</doc>
<doc id="18674767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674767" title="Dmytro Hordiyenko">
Dmytro Hordiyenko

Dmytro Hordiyenko (born 2 March 1983 in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for FC Lviv in the Ukrainian Premier League. He moved to FC Lviv from Enerhetyk Burshtyn during the 2008 summer transfer season.

</doc>
<doc id="18674775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674775" title="Millie West Tennis Facility">
Millie West Tennis Facility

The Millie West Tennis Facility, formerly called the Busch Tennis Courts, are the tennis courts used by the College of William and Mary’s tennis teams during the outdoor season. The facility is named after Millie West, a contributor of over 50 years to William & Mary athletics. The original name for the small stadium came from Anheuser-Busch, formerly the largest American brewer. Anheuser-Busch has a large presence in the Williamsburg area, including a brewery and the theme park Busch Gardens Williamsburg. Adjacent to the Busch Tennis Courts is Busch Field, also sponsored by the company. 
There are eight tennis courts altogether, each one of them being a hard court. A unique feature to its design are the “California Corners”, which includes quarter fences that run along the sidelines to allow uninterrupted play.

</doc>
<doc id="18674777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674777" title="List of Nippon Professional Baseball players (U)">
List of Nippon Professional Baseball players (U)

The following is a list of Nippon Professional Baseball players with the last name starting with U, retired or active.

</doc>
<doc id="18674787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674787" title="Tonkin Flotilla">
Tonkin Flotilla

The Tonkin Flotilla (), a force of despatch vessels and gunboats used for policing the rivers and waterways of the Tonkin Delta, was created in the summer of 1883, during the period of undeclared hostilities that preceded the Sino-French War (August 1884–April 1885). 
Background.
In March 1882, on the eve of Commandant Henri Rivière's seizure of the citadel of Hanoi, France had two naval divisions in the Far East. The seas to the east of the Hainan Strait were the responsibility of Rear Admiral Charles Meyer’s Far East naval division ("division navale de l’Extrême-Orient"). France’s interests in Indochina were protected by Rivière’s Cochinchina naval division ("division navale de Cochinchine"), responsible for monitoring coastal navigation between Singapore and the Hainan Strait and along the rivers of Cochinchina and Cambodia.
Several vessels under Rivière's command were normally stationed in Cochinchina or Cambodia, including the troopship "Drac", the light frigate "Alouette" and the small gunboats "Framée" and "Javeline". "Tilsitt", the flagship of the Cochinchina naval division, was disarmed and in permanent dock at Saigon, and served as the division’s storehouse and administrative centre. Most of the division's vessels, however, were stationed in Tonkin, where they were enforcing the right of free navigation on the Red River conceded to France by the Vietnamese government in 1874. Rivière's command in Tonkin consisted of the light frigates "Hamelin", "Parseval" and "Antilope" (the latter due to be replaced shortly by "Pluvier"), the heavy gunboats "Lynx" and "Vipère", the seagoing gunboats "Fanfare", "Léopard" and "Surprise", and the smaller river gunboats "Carabine", "Éclair", "Hache", "Massue", "Trombe" and "Yatagan". The heavy gunboats had crews of 77 men and mounted four cannon, while the smaller gunboats had two cannon each. They all carried a Hotchkiss "canon-revolver" in their tops. 
Following Rivière's defeat and death at the Battle of Paper Bridge (19 June 1883), the navy ministry created a new Tonkin Coasts naval division ("division navale des côtes du Tonkin") under the command of Admiral Amédée Courbet, whose mission was to cut off the flow of weapons and ammunition from China to the Black Flag Army by blockading the Gulf of Tonkin. The larger seagoing vessels already on station in Tonkin were transferred to Courbet's new naval division, while the remainder (mostly gunboats) were organised into the 'Tonkin Flotilla'. The flotilla was initially placed under the command of "général de brigade" Alexandre-Eugène Bouët (1833–87), the French "commandant supérieur" in Tonkin. Operational command was given to "capitaine de vaisseau" Morel-Beaulieu.
Composition.
The Tonkin Flotilla consisted initially of the light frigates ("avisos à roues") "Pluvier" and "Alouette", the seagoing gunboats "Fanfare", "Léopard" and "Surprise", the large river gunboats ("avisos de flotille à roues") "Éclair" and "Trombe", and the smaller river gunboats ("chaloupes-cannonières démontables") "Carabine", "Hache", "Massue" and "Yatagan". "Alouette" was normally stationed in Cochinchina, and does not seem to have seen service in Tonkin.
The stationary pontoon "Tilsitt" at Saigon and the small river gunboats "Framée", "Javeline" and "Mousqueton", normally stationed in Cochinchina, were also placed under the orders of the commander of the Tonkin Flotilla.
In April 1884 the Farcy gunboats "Revolver" and "Mitrailleuse", both of which had seen service on the Seine during the Franco-Prussian War (1870–1), arrived in Tonkin. The two gunboats were transported to Tonkin lashed to the bridge of the troopship "Bien Hoa", and re-floating them on their arrival at Haiphong was a technical task of considerable complexity.
In October 1883 Admiral Courbet asked the navy ministry to design a new class of shallow-draft gunboats which could penetrate the maze of shallow tributary streams and arroyos of the Delta, so that the Black Flags and pirates could be hunted down far more effectively. The ministry accepted his recommendations, and laid down two new classes of gunboats. Eight gunboats of the "Henri Rivière" class were designed and built specifically for service in Tonkin, while more than a dozen gunboats of the "Arquebuse" class were produced for use in both Tonkin and Madagascar.
The gunboats of the former class were named after the French officers who had been killed or mortally wounded in action in Tonkin in Francis Garnier and Henri Rivière’s campaigns: "Francis Garnier", "Colonel Carreau", "Henri Rivière", "Berthe de Villers", "Jacquin" and "Moulun". The gunboats, built at the Claparède works in Lorient, reached Haiphong in the autumn of 1884. 
The "Arquebuse" class of gunboats was designed for more general service, in Madagascar as well as Tonkin. Six vessels in this class ("Arquebuse", "Alerte", "Avalanche", "Bourrasque", "Mutine" and "Rafale") were deployed in Tonkin in the summer of 1884. These gunboats were 30 metres long and 5 metres wide, cruised at , and drew less than one-and-a-half metres of water. Although they could carry only 60 men, they were armed with two 90-millimetre cannon and three Hotchkiss "canons-revolvers", so that they packed a powerful punch. Two other gunboats of the "Arquebuse" class, "Casse-tête" and "Estoc", joined the Tonkin flotilla in early 1885. They differed from the earlier models in having two masts, each with a Hotchkiss station.
In February 1885, on the eve of the Lang Son Campaign, the Flotilla also included the gunboats "Hyène", "Jaguar", "Nagotna" and "Petit Haiphong". The Flotilla also deployed a number of steam launches and tugs that were used to tow strings of junks loaded with men, ammunition or food. Contemporary French sources mention the vessels "Haiphong", "Pélican", "Kowloon", "Whampoo", "Ruri Maru", "Cua Cam", "Cua Lac", "Cua Dai", "Phu Ly" and "Tra Ly". Just as French transports were often named after French rivers, these small river craft for use in Tonkin tended to be named after the watercourses of the Tonkin Delta.
By 1886 the Flotilla included the gunboats "Levrard", "Bossant" and "Cuvellier", named after three French officers killed in action in Tonkin during the Sino-French War.
Operations.
Besides policing the inland waterways of Tonkin, the vessels of the Tonkin Flotilla were also used in close support of the movements of the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps, and took part in several actions in the Delta against the Black Flag Army and the Chinese Guangxi and Yunnan Armies.
The gunboats "Carabine", "Fanfare", "Hache", "Pluvier", "Surprise" and "Yatagan" took part in Henri Rivière's Nam Dinh expedition in March 1883 and supported the French infantry attack on the Nam Dinh defences on 27 March with a preliminary bombardment on 26 March.
The gunboat "Song Cau" (or "Song Coi") took part in a sortie by the French garrison of Nam Dinh in July 1883 that inflicted a serious defeat on besieging Vietnamese forces under the command of Prince Hoang Ke Viem.
The gunboats "Pluvier", "Léopard", "Fanfare", "Éclair", "Mousqueton" and "Trombe" took part in the Battle of Phu Hoai (15 August 1883).
The gunboats "Pluvier", "Léopard", "Fanfare", "Éclair", "Hache" and "Mousqueton" took part in the Battle of Palan (1 September 1883).
The gunboats "Pluvier", "Trombe", "Éclair", "Hache", "Mousqueton" and "Yatagan" took part in the Son Tay Campaign (December 1883).
Kep Campaign, October 1884.
The Tonkin Flotilla played a decisive strategic role in General François de Négrier's Kep Campaign (October 1884), in which the French defeated a major Chinese invasion of the Tonkin Delta. In late September 1884 large detachments of the Guangxi Army advanced from Lang Son and probed into the Luc Nam valley. On 2 October the French gunboats "Hache" and "Massue", on patrol in the Luc Nam river, were ambushed from the riverbank by a strong force of Chinese infantry. A third gunboat, "Mousqueton", came to the rescue, and the three French vessels escaped downriver to the French post at Sept Pagodes. Although the French suffered heavy casualties in this ambush ("lieutenant de vaisseau" Challier of "Massue" was killed and 32 sailors and soldiers were wounded), the Guangxi Army had disclosed its presence prematurely. Back in Hanoi, General Louis Brière de l'Isle reacted swiftly to the Chinese threat. The French used the mobility conferred by their gunboats to move men and supplies between Phu Lang Thuong and the Luc Nam, enabling de Négrier to concentrate his forces rapidly and defeat the two widely-separated wings of the Chinese Guangxi Army one after the other. "Hache", "Éclair" and "Massue", accompanied by the tugs "Phu Ly" and "Tra Ly" and the barge "Cua Dai", landed Donnier's column at Lam on 6 October, threatening the Chinese army's left wing at Chu while de Négrier concentrated against the Chinese forces at Kep.
Resupply of Tuyen Quang, October–November 1884.
During October and November 1884 the Farcy gunboats "Revolver" and "Mitrailleuse", based at Tuyen Quang, and the gunboats "Bourrasque", "Éclair", "Mutine" and "Trombe", operating out of Hung Hoa, mounted a number of dangerous supply runs along the Clear River between Hung Hoa and Tuyen Quang in support of the small French garrison at Tuyen Quang. The supply runs were successful, but the French suffered a constant dribble of casualties as their gunboats were engaged by the Black Flags. On one occasion "Revolver" had to steam at full speed to break a barrage laid across the Clear River, and on another occasion her crew sustained casualties of 2 men dead and 3 wounded (including the commander, "enseigne de vaisseau" de Balincourt) from enemy fire from Yu Oc. In an engagement on 12 November 1884 "Trombe" suffered casualties of 1 man dead and 7 wounded. "Revolver" was eventually withdrawn from Tuyen Quang, but "Mitrailleuse" remained on station, and later distinguished herself in the Siege of Tuyen Quang (24 November 1884–3 March 1885).
Relief of Tuyen Quang, February–March 1885.
The Tonkin Flotilla played an important role in the relief of Tuyen Quang. In late February 1885 the gunboats "Henri Rivière", "Berthe de Villers", "Moulun", "Éclair" and "Trombe" transported 2,400 soldiers of Lieutenant-Colonel Laurent Giovanninelli's 1st Brigade from Hanoi up the Red and Clear Rivers and put them ashore near the French post of Phu Doan on the Clear River, fifty kilometres southwest of Tuyen Quang. Giovanninelli had hoped to have their support when he attacked an important Chinese blocking position at Hoa Moc, but the water level in the Clear River was so low that the gunboats grounded several kilometres above Phu Doan. Their crews endured a week of back-breaking labour, hauling the gunboats along an almost-dry river bed, but despite their utmost efforts the gunboats were absent from the Battle of Hoa Moc on 2 March. Some of the French crewmen were said to have wept with rage at their inability to take part in the crucial battle for Tuyen Quang. The gunboats finally reached Tuyen Quang on 4 March, the day after the post was relieved. 
General Brière de l'Isle was careful to acknowledge the heroic efforts made by their captains and crews in an order of the day issued on 5 March. After praising the courage of the marine infantry and Turcos of the 1st Brigade, who suffered more than 400 casualties storming the Chinese defences at Hoa Moc, he praised the sacrifices made by the men of the Flotilla:
Vous avez été plus heureux que les états-majors et les équipages des canonnières "Henri Rivière", "Berthe de Villers", "Moulun", "Éclair" et "Trombe", qui ont espéré jusqu’au dernier moment partager vos dangers. Au prix d’efforts inouïs, ils ont trainé leurs bâtiments pendant sept jours consécutifs dans une rivière sans eau et ont pu atteindre Phu-Doan, Yu-oc et les abords de Tuyen-Quan. Ils ont ainsi prouvé que des obstacles considérés jusqu’alors comme insurmontables n’existaient pas pour eux.
(You were luckier than the officers and the crews of the gunboats "Henri Rivière", "Berthe de Villers", "Moulun", "Éclair" and "Trombe", who had hoped right up to the last moment to share your dangers. At the cost of unimaginable efforts they dragged their vessels for seven consecutive days up a waterless river and succeeded in reaching Phu Doan, Yu Oc and the approaches to Tuyen Quang. They thus demonstrated that obstacles hitherto supposed insurmountable did not exist for them.) 

</doc>
<doc id="18674790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674790" title="Makonn">
Makonn

Makonn is an abstract strategy game from the Seychelles islands off the eastern coast of Africa. The game is a traditional variant of mancala. It is played on four rows of ten holes such as a 10 x 4 hole board. There are variants, and the board design, number of pieces, and rules may change. This game was almost forgotten and is played mostly on the outer islands of the Seychelles. The rules provided in this article are not complete, and this article attempts only to provide a general description of the game based on the available sources.
Game play and rules.
The goal is to capture the most pieces. The board design and size may vary depending on the variant played. Perhaps a more common variant is the 10 x 4 hole board. It is unknown how many pieces there are in the game, and whether any of the pieces belong to any of the players. Each player controls two rows of holes. All moves are capturing moves. A capturing move is when one piece jumps across another piece.

</doc>
<doc id="18674807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674807" title="Denys Zavhorodnyy">
Denys Zavhorodnyy

Denys Zavhorodniy (born August 5, 1979) is a retired freestyle swimmer from Ukraine, who was specialized in the long-distance events. He won the bronze medal in the men's 1500 m freestyle event at the 1997 European Championships in Seville, Spain, behind country man Igor Snitko (silver). He represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="18674813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674813" title="Kaori Inoue">
Kaori Inoue

Kaori Inoue (井上香織 "Inoue Kaori", born October 21, 1982) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Denso Airybees.
In 23 September 2008 Airybees announced her marriage. She serves as the captain of the team from 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18674837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674837" title="List of Nippon Professional Baseball players (V)">
List of Nippon Professional Baseball players (V)

The following is a list of Nippon Professional Baseball players with the last name starting with V, retired or active.

</doc>
<doc id="18674846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674846" title="2001 Gold Flake Open">
2001 Gold Flake Open

The 2001 Gold Flake Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the SDAT Tennis Stadium in Chennai in India and was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour. The tournament was held from January 1 through January 7, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18674857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674857" title="Atlanersa">
Atlanersa

Atlanersa was a Nubian king who ruled around 653 to 640 BC as the successor of Tantamani, the last ruler of the 25th Nubian dynasty in Egypt. In contrast to his predecessor, Atlanersa's kingdom was restricted to the region of Kush south of the Aswan. 
He did adopt the titles of the Egyptian Pharaohs.<br>
Horus name: Geregtawy ("Founder of the Two Lands") <br>
Nebty Name: Merymaat ("Beloved of Equity") <br>
Golden Horus Name: Semenhepu ("Who establishes the laws")<br>
Prenomen: Khukare ("Protected by the ka of Re")<br>
Nomen: Atlanersa
Atlanersa was the son of king Taharqa or possibly Tantamani. His mother was a queen whose name is not fully preserved, but ended with ...salka. Atlanersa was married to his two sisters: Yeturow and Khaliset. Further wives may include Malotaral - mother of his successor Senkamanisken- and Peltasen. A lady whose name is only partially preserved: Taba[..], may be another consort.
Atlanersa is known from depictions and a granite stand found in the temple of Jebel Barkal. An altar was also found there inscribed with his name. At Dongola, the fragment of an obelisk was discovered with his name. He was buried in pyramid Nu. 20 at Nuri.

</doc>
<doc id="18674858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674858" title="Artem Mostovyi">
Artem Mostovyi

Artem Mostovyi (born 5 October 1983 in Kiev, Ukraine, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for FC Desna Chernihiv in the Ukrainian First League. He moved to FC Lviv from Stal Alchevsk during the 2008 summer transfer season. However, before the deadline of the 2008-09 season, Artem Mostovyi decided to move to Desna Chernihiv where he would get more playing time.

</doc>
<doc id="18674864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674864" title="Kyoko Katashita">
Kyoko Katashita

Kyoko Katashita (片下恭子 "Katashita Kyoko", born July 13, 1989) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Denso Airybees.

</doc>
<doc id="18674865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674865" title="Sharleen Spiteri discography">
Sharleen Spiteri discography

This is the Discography for Scottish alternative rock singer, Sharleen Spiteri. For her work within the Scottish rock band Texas see Texas discography. Her debut solo album "Melody" was released in 2008 and charted at #3 on the UK Album Charts. Her second solo album "The Movie Songbook" was released on March 1, 2010.
Singles.
Featured singles.
Other Singles:
Nothing to Prove (Roger Sanchez featuring Sharleen Spiteri) released in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18674875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674875" title="Turbine blade">
Turbine blade

A turbine blade is the individual component which makes up the turbine section of a gas turbine. The blades are responsible for extracting energy from the high temperature, high pressure gas produced by the combustor. The turbine blades are often the limiting component of gas turbines. To survive in this difficult environment, turbine blades often use exotic materials like superalloys and many different methods of cooling, such as internal air channels, boundary layer cooling, and thermal barrier coatings.
Introduction.
In a gas turbine engine, a single turbine section is made up of a disk or hub that holds many turbine blades. That turbine section is connected to a compressor section via a shaft (or "spool"), and that compressor section can either be axial or centrifugal. Air is compressed, raising the pressure and temperature, through the compressor stages of the engine. The temperature is then greatly increased by combustion of fuel inside the combustor, which sits between the compressor stages and the turbine stages. The high temperature and high pressure exhaust gases then pass through the turbine stages. The turbine stages extract energy from this flow, lowering the pressure and temperature of the air and transfer the kinetic energy to the compressor stages along the spool. This process is very similar to how an axial compressor works, only in reverse.
The number of turbine stages varies in different types of engines, with high bypass ratio engines tending to have the most turbine stages. The number of turbine stages can have a great effect on how the turbine blades are designed for each stage. Many gas turbine engines are twin spool designs, meaning that there is a high pressure spool and a low pressure spool. Other gas turbines use three spools, adding an intermediate pressure spool between the high and low pressure spool. The high pressure turbine is exposed to the hottest, highest pressure air, and the low pressure turbine is subjected to cooler, lower pressure air. That difference in conditions leads the design of high pressure and low pressure turbine blades to be significantly different in material and cooling choices even though the aerodynamic and thermodynamic principles are the same.
Environment and failure modes.
Turbine blades are subjected to very strenuous environments inside a gas turbine. They face high temperatures, high stresses, and a potentially high vibration environment. All three of these factors can lead to blade failures, which can destroy the engine, and turbine blades are carefully designed to resist those conditions.
Turbine blades are subjected to stress from centrifugal force (turbine stages can rotate at tens of thousands of revolutions per minute (RPM)) and fluid forces that can cause fracture, yielding, or creep failures. Additionally, the first stage (the stage directly following the combustor) of a modern turbine faces temperatures around , up from temperatures around in early gas turbines. Modern military jet engines, like the Snecma M88, can see turbine temperatures of . Those high temperatures weaken the blades and make them more susceptible to creep failures. The high temperatures can also make the blades susceptible to corrosion failures. Finally, vibrations from the engine and the turbine itself (see blade pass frequency) can cause fatigue failures.
Materials.
A key limiting factor in early jet engines was the performance of the materials available for the hot section (combustor and turbine) of the engine. The need for better materials spurred much research in the field of alloys and manufacturing techniques, and that research resulted in a long list of new materials and methods that make modern gas turbines possible. One of the earliest of these was Nimonic, used in the British Whittle engines.
The development of superalloys in the 1940s and new processing methods such as vacuum induction melting in the 1950s greatly increased the temperature capability of turbine blades. Further processing methods like hot isostatic pressing improved the alloys used for turbine blades and increased turbine blade performance. Modern turbine blades often use nickel-based superalloys that incorporate chromium, cobalt, and rhenium.
Aside from alloy improvements, a major breakthrough was the development of directional solidification (DS) and single crystal (SC) production methods. These methods help greatly increase strength against fatigue and creep by aligning grain boundaries in one direction (DS) or by eliminating grain boundaries all together (SC).
Another major improvement to turbine blade material technology was the development of thermal barrier coatings (TBC). Where DS and SC developments improved creep and fatigue resistance, TBCs improved corrosion and oxidation resistance, both of which become greater concerns as temperatures increased. The first TBCs, applied in the 1970s, were aluminide coatings. Improved ceramic coatings became available in the 1980s. These coatings increased turbine blade capability by about 200°F (90°C). The coatings also improve blade life, almost doubling the life of turbine blades in some cases.
Most turbine blades are manufactured by investment casting (or lost-wax processing). This process involves making a precise negative die of the blade shape that is filled with wax to form the blade shape. If the blade is hollow (i.e., it has internal cooling passages), a ceramic core in the shape of the passage is inserted into the middle. The wax blade is coated with a heat-resistant material to make a shell, and then that shell is filled with the blade alloy. This step can be more complicated for DS or SC materials, but the process is similar. If there is a ceramic core in the middle of the blade, it is dissolved in a solution that leaves the blade hollow. The blades are coated with the TBC they will have, and then cooling holes are machined as needed, creating a complete turbine blade.
List of turbine blade materials.
Note: This list is not inclusive of all alloys used in turbine blades.
Cooling.
For same pressure ratio at high maximum temperature thermal efficiency is high. But the high temperature can lead to the damage of the turbine. So the cooling of blade becomes essential. 
Methods of Cooling.
Cooling of components can be achieved by air or liquid cooling. Liquid cooling seems to be more attractive because of high specific heat capacity and chances of evaporative cooling but there can be problem of leakage, corrosion, choking, etc. which works against this method. 
On the other hand air cooling allows to discharge air into main flow without any problem. Quantity of air required for this purpose is 1-3% of main flow and blade temperature can be reduced by 200-300°C. 
There are many types of cooling used in gas turbine blades; convection, film, transpiration cooling, cooling effusion, pin fin cooling etc. which fall under the categories of internal and external cooling. While all methods have their differences, they all work by using cooler air (often bled from the compressor) to remove heat from the turbine blades.
Internal cooling.
Convection cooling.
It works by passing cooling air through passages internal to the blade. Heat is transferred by conduction through the blade, and then by convection into the air flowing inside of the blade. A large internal surface area is desirable for this method, so the cooling paths tend to be serpentine and full of small fins.the internal passages in the blade may be circular or elliptical in shape. Cooling is achieved by passing the air through these passages from hub towards the blade tip. This cooling air comes from an air compressor. In case of gas turbine the fluid outside is relatively hot which passes through the cooling passage and mixes with the main stream at the blade tip.
Impingement cooling.
A variation of convection cooling, impingement cooling, works by hitting the inner surface of the blade with high velocity air. This allows more heat to be transferred by convection than regular convection cooling does. impingement cooling is used in the regions of greatest heat loads. In case of turbine blades, the leading edge has maximum temperature and thus heat load. Impringement cooling is also used in mid chord of the vane. Blades are hollow with a core. There are internal cooling passages. Cooling air enters from the leading edge region and turns towards the trailing edge.
External cooling.
Film cooling.
Film cooling (also called "thin" film cooling) is a major type of cooling which works by pumping cool air out of the blade through small holes in the blade. This air creates a thin layer (the film) of cool air on the surface of the blade, protecting it from the high temperature air. The air holes can be in many different blade locations, but they are most often along the leading edge. A United State Air Force program in the early 1970s funded the development of a turbine blade that was both film and convection cooled, and that method has become common in modern turbine blades.
There are orifice on the surface through which the cool air flows on the surface and makes a film on the surface which acts as a barrier to heating and provides effective cooling. Beside cooling blade surface it decreases heat transfer from metal surface to the hot fluid.
One consideration with film cooling is that injecting the cooler bleed into the flow reduces turbine efficiency. That drop in efficiency also increases as the amount of cooling flow increases. The drop in efficiency, however, is usually mitigated by the increase in overall performance produced by the higher turbine temperature.
Cooling effusion.
Blade surface is made of porous material which means having a large number of small orifices on the surface. Cooling air is forced through these porous holes which forms a film or cooler boundary layer. Besides this uniform cooling is caused by effusion of the coolant over the entire blade surface . 
Pin fin cooling.
In the narrow trailing edge film cooling is used to enhance heat transfer from the blade. There is an array of pin fins on the blade surface. Heat transfer takes place from this array and through the side walls. As the coolant flows across the fins with high velocity, the flow separates and wakes are formed. Many factors contribute towards heat transfer rate among which the type of pin fin and the spacing between fins are the most significant.
Transpiration cooling.
It is similar to film cooling in that it creates a thin film of cooling air on the blade, but it is different in that air is "leaked" through a porous shell rather than injected through holes. This type of cooling is effective at high temperatures as it uniformly covers the entire blade with cool air. Transpiration-cooled blades generally consist of a rigid strut with a porous shell. Air flows through internal channels of the strut and then passes through the porous shell to cool the blade. As with film cooling, increased cooling air decreases turbine efficiency, therefore that decrease has to be balanced with improved temperature performance.

</doc>
<doc id="18674879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674879" title="List of Nippon Professional Baseball players (W)">
List of Nippon Professional Baseball players (W)

The following is a list of Nippon Professional Baseball players with the last name starting with W, retired or active.

</doc>
<doc id="18674883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674883" title="Theniet El Had">
Theniet El Had

Theniet El Had may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18674884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674884" title="Table tennis at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's team">
Table tennis at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's team

The men's team table tennis event was part of the table tennis programme and took place between August 13 and 18, at the Peking University Gymnasium. Teams consisted of three members. The sixteen teams were divided into four groups of four teams each, playing a round-robin within their pool. The top team in each pool advanced to the semifinals, with the second-place team from each group going to the bronze medal playoffs. The two semifinal winners met in the gold medal match, while the two semifinal losers each played against one of the winners from the bronze medal playoffs, with the winners of those games meeting in the bronze medal match.
Each match consisted of up to five games, with the first team to win three being declared the winner. The first two games in each match were singles, the third was doubles, and the final two were singles again. Each team member competed in two of the five games, according to a set rotation.

</doc>
<doc id="18674888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674888" title="Table tennis at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team">
Table tennis at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team

The women's team table tennis event was part of the table tennis programme and took place between August 13 and 17 at the Peking University Gymnasium. Teams consisted of three members. The sixteen teams were divided into four groups of four teams each, playing a round-robin within their pool. The top team in each pool advanced to the semifinals, with the second-place team from each group going to the bronze medal playoffs. The two semifinal winners met in the gold medal match, while the two semifinal losers each played against one of the winners from the bronze medal playoffs, with the winners of those games meeting in the bronze medal match.
Each match consisted of up to five games, with the first team to win three being declared the winner. The first two games in each match were singles, the third was doubles, and the final two were singles again. Each team member competed in two of the five games, according to a set rotation.

</doc>
<doc id="18674907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674907" title="Live at Wembley Stadium (Foo Fighters DVD)">
Live at Wembley Stadium (Foo Fighters DVD)

Live at Wembley Stadium is a live video by the Foo Fighters, released on August 22, 2008, in Ireland and August 25, 2008, in the UK on DVD. It was also released in Australia on August 30, New Zealand on September 1, and Germany, Austria and Switzerland on September 5. It was released in the United States on November 18, 2008. 
It was filmed during the band's two sold out shows at Wembley Stadium on Friday June 6 and Saturday June 7, 2008. The video features a combination of footage from both nights, including the second night's collaboration with special guests, Led Zeppelin members John Paul Jones (bass guitar) and Jimmy Page (guitar).
The video was also broadcast via satellite across the UK at Vue Cinemas on June 24, 2008. The video was shown in high definition with 5.1 surround sound, and was the same cut as the video release. 
The release has been certified 3 times platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association and gold by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand.
The image on the artwork was shot by the aerial camera above the crowd on Friday 6 June.
Track listing and omitted songs.
Some songs are taken from Friday's performance and some from Saturday's. This is identifiable in two ways. One is the underwear Grohl is wearing (Red on Friday, White on Saturday) which can be seen at points in the video, and secondly any shots containing rainfall are from Saturday, as it did not rain during Friday's performance. 
6th June.
"But, Honestly", "DOA", "Generator"
7th June.
"Let It Die"

</doc>
<doc id="18674910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674910" title="Daniel Málek">
Daniel Málek

Daniel Málek (born May 25, 1973 in Zlín) is a retired male breaststroke swimmer from the Czech Republic, who won two bronze medals in the men's breaststroke events at the 1997 European Championships in Seville, Spain. He represented his native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in Atlanta, Georgia (1996).

</doc>
<doc id="18674916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674916" title="2002 Tata Open">
2002 Tata Open

The 2002 Tata Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the SDAT Tennis Stadium in Chennai in India and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from December 31, 2001 through January 6, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18674921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674921" title="Mai Uemura">
Mai Uemura

Mai Uemura (上村 麻衣 "Uemura Mai", born September 15, 1987) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Shikoku Eighty 8 Queen.

</doc>
<doc id="18674924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674924" title="Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Finn">
Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Finn

Finn class competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place between August 9 and 17 in Qingdao, at the Qingdao International Marina.
26 sailors competed in this Finn dinghy competition.
Points were assigned based on the finishing position in each race (1 for first, 2 for second, etc.). The points were totaled from the top 9 results of the first 10 races, with lower totals being better. If a sailor was disqualified or did not complete the race, 27 points were assigned for that race (one more than the number of boats). The top 10 sailors then competed in the final race, with placings counting double for that race. The sailor with the lowest total score won.
Results.
Race M is the medal race in which only the top 10 competitors took part.
Notes.
Points are assigned based on the finishing position in each race (1 for first, 2 for second, etc.). The points are totalled from the top 10 results of the 11 races, with lower totals being better. If a sailor was disqualified or did not complete the race, 27 points are assigned for that race (as there were 26 sailors in this competition).
Scoring abbreviations are defined as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18674928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674928" title="Strömsund Bridge">
Strömsund Bridge

The Strömsund Bridge (Swedish: "Strömsundsbron") is a cable-stayed road bridge, bringing road E45 over Ströms vattudal, in Strömsund, Jämtland, Sweden.
The bridge is long, with a span. Constructed by Franz Dischinger, it opened in 1956, and it was the world's largest cable-stayed bridge at that time.

</doc>
<doc id="18674929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674929" title="Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Tornado">
Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Tornado

Tornado class competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place between August 15 and August 21 in Qingdao, at the Qingdao International Marina. 15 teams of two sailors each competed in this Tornado sailboat competition.
Points are assigned based on the finishing position in each race (1 for first, 2 for second, etc.). The points are totaled from the top 9 results of the first 10 races, with lower totals being better. If a pair was disqualified or did not complete the race, 16 points are assigned for that race (one more than the number of boats). The top 10 pairs then compete in the final race, with placings counting double for that race. The team with the lowest total score wins.
Results.
Race M is the medal race in which only the top 10 competitors took part.
New Zealand did qualify for the Tornado class, but did not send the team.

</doc>
<doc id="18674931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674931" title="Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – 49er">
Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – 49er

These are the results of the 49er class competition in sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
The 49er class sailing competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place between the 10th and 17 August in Qingdao, at the Qingdao International Marina. 19 teams of two sailors each competed in this 49er dinghy competition. A total of 16 races were scheduled but 3 were canceled due to the weather.
Points were assigned based on the finishing position in each race (1 for first, 2 for second, etc.). The points were totaled from the top 11 results of the first 12 races, with lower totals being better. If a pair was disqualified or did not complete the race, 20 points were assigned for that race (one more than the number of boats). The top 10 pairs then competed in the final race (called the medal race), with placings counting double for that race. The team with the lowest total score won.
Controversy.
The Danish team of Jonas Warrer and Martin Kirketerp Ibsen, who won the gold medal, almost failed to make it to the start of the Medal race, when their mast split shortly before the start. The Croatian team—who had not made the final race—donated their boat to the Danish team to use in the final, and the Danes subsequently went on to win Gold. The Spanish team filed a protest against the win due to the boat change, but the protest was dismissed and the race results stand. The protest was promoted to the International Olympic Committee but was again dismissed. A third protest was promoted by Italy and Spain to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS), which was also dismissed.
Results.
The competition took place between August 10 and 17, when the medal race (denoted with M) was contested between the ten crews that garnered the least points in the previous races.
Notes.
Scoring abbreviations are defined as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18674932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674932" title="Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Star">
Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Star

Star class competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place in Qingdao, at Qingdao International Marina.
The ten preliminary races took place in the afternoons of August 15–20. The final Medal Race started at 14:13 on 21 August 2008.
16 teams of two sailors each competed in this Star sailboat competition.
Points were assigned based on the finishing position in each race (1 for first, 2 for second, etc.). The points were totaled from the top 9 results of the first 10 races, with lower totals being better. If a pair was disqualified or did not complete the race, 17 points were assigned for that race (one more than the number of boats). The top 10 pairs then competed in the final race, with placings counting double for that race. The team with the lowest total score wins.
Results.
OCS – On the course side of the starting line – A type of disqualification (scores one higher than the number of boats in the race)

</doc>
<doc id="18674935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674935" title="Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Laser">
Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Laser

Men's Laser class competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place from August 12 to 19 in Qingdao, at the Qingdao International Marina. 43 sailors competed in this Laser dinghy competition.
Points were assigned based on the finishing position in each race (1 for first, 2 for second, etc.). The points were totaled from the top 9 results of the first 10 races, with lower totals being better. If a sailor was disqualified or did not complete the race, 44 points were assigned for that race (as there were 43 sailors in this competition). The top 10 sailors at that point competed in the final race, with placings counting double for final score. The sailor with the lowest total score won.
Results.
Race M is the medal race in which only the top 10 competitors took part.
Notes.
Scoring abbreviations are defined as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18674937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674937" title="Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 470">
Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 470

Men's 470 class competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place between August 11 and 18 in Qingdao, at the Qingdao International Marina. 29 pairs competed in this 470 dinghy competition.
Points were assigned based on the finishing position in each race (1 for first, 2 for second, etc.). The points were totaled from the top 9 results of the first 10 races, with lower totals being better. If a sailor was disqualified or did not complete the race, 30 points were assigned for that race (as there were 29 sailors in this competition). The top 10 sailors then competed in the final race, with placings counting double for that race. The sailor with the lowest total score won.
Results.
Race M is the medal race in which only the top 10 competitors took part.
Notes.
Scoring abbreviations are defined as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18674939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674939" title="Peter Larsson (footballer born 1984)">
Peter Larsson (footballer born 1984)

Peter Larsson (born 30 April 1984 in Halmstad) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Helsingborgs IF as a centre back .
Career.
Starting his football career in IF Centern, alongside Swedish tennis player Sofia Arvidsson, he then in 1999 moved to local rivals Halmstads BKs youth squad in which he played until 2002, he played his first league match against Hammarby IF, (1–1), in August 2004, started during 2006 to take over Lithuanian national player Tomas Žvirgždauskas position in the team, placing Žvirgždauskas more and more on the bench as a substitute.
In 2007 when Brazil was in Sweden for a game against Chile and Ghana, Peter was one of four Swedish league players that were allowed to do one training pass with the Brazilian squad, the other players where Samuel Holmén, Johan Karlsson and Ari Da Silva.
On 25 July 2008 Larsson and Halmstad agreed a deal with Copenhagen, where he signed a 5-year long contract.
National team.
He earned his first caps for the Sweden national football team in January 2008 when he played against Costa Rica and the United States. As of the game against Costa Rica he became the 1000th player that have represented Sweden at top level.

</doc>
<doc id="18674943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674943" title="Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Yngling">
Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Yngling

The Yngling class competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place from August 10 to 17 in Qingdao, at the Qingdao International Marina.
15 teams of three sailors each competed in this Yngling keelboat competition.
Points were assigned based on the finishing position in each race (1 for first, 2 for second, etc.). The points were totaled from the top 7 results of the first 8 races (usually 9 of 10, but two races were cancelled because of bad weather), with lower totals being better. If a pair was disqualified or did not complete the race, 16 points were assigned for that race (one more than the number of boats). The top 10 pairs then competed in the final race, with placings counting double for that race. The team with the lowest total score won.
Results.
Race M is the medal race in which only the top 10 competitors took part.
Notes.
Scoring abbreviations are defined as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18674945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674945" title="Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 470">
Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 470

Women's 470 class competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place between August 11 and 18 in Qingdao, at the Qingdao International Marina. 19 pairs competed in this 470 dinghy competition.
Competition format.
Points were assigned based on the finishing position in each race (1 for first, 2 for second, etc.). The points were totaled from the top 9 results of the first 10 races, with lower totals being better. If a pair was disqualified or did not complete the race, 20 points were assigned for that race (one more than the number of boats). The top 10 pairs then competed in the final race, with placings counting double for that race. The team with the lowest total score won.
Results.
Race M is the medal race in which only the top 10 competitors took part..
Notes.
Scoring abbreviations are defined as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18674949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674949" title="Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Laser Radial">
Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Laser Radial

Women's Laser Radial class competition at the 2008 Summer Olympic regatta took place from August 12 to 19 in Qingdao, at the Qingdao International Marina. 
28 sailors competed in this Laser Radial single-handed dinghy racing series. 
Points were assigned based on the finishing position in each race (1 for first, 2 for second, etc.). The points were totaled from the top 9 results of the first 10 races, with lower totals being better. If a sailor was disqualified or did not complete the race, 29 points were assigned for that race (1 more than for a last place finish). The top 10 sailors at that point competed in the final race, with placings counting double for final score. The sailor with the lowest total score won.
All the medal winners in this event made their Olympic debut at the Beijing 2008 games: Anna Tunnicliffe of Team USA won the gold medal, Gintarė Volungevičiūtė (Lithuania) and Xu Lijia (People's Republic of China) won silver and bronze respectively.
Results.
Race M was the medal race in which only the top 10 competitors took part.
Notes.
Scoring abbreviations (each counted as scoring one more than the number of competing boats) are defined as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18674951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674951" title="List of Nippon Professional Baseball players (Z)">
List of Nippon Professional Baseball players (Z)

The following is a list of Nippon Professional Baseball players with the last name starting with Z, retired or active.

</doc>
<doc id="18674962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674962" title="Le Bien Public">
Le Bien Public

Le Bien Public is a regional daily newspaper published in Dijon in north-east France. It is published by Groupe EBRA.

</doc>
<doc id="18674980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674980" title="Andrey Korneyev">
Andrey Korneyev

Andrey Korneyev (; born 10 January 1974) is a retired breaststroke swimmer from Russia, who won the bronze medal in the men's 200 m breaststroke event at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States. A year earlier he captured the gold medal in the same event at the 1995 European Championships in Vienna, Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="18674981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674981" title="Diana Morgan (screenwriter)">
Diana Morgan (screenwriter)

Mary Diana Morgan (born 29 May 1908, Cardiff, Wales - d. 9 December 1996 in Northwood, Middlesex, England) was a Welsh playwright and screenwriter, mostly associated with her work for Ealing Studios as Diana Morgan. She was married to fellow screenwriter Robert MacDermot.
Career.
Mary Diana Morgan was born in Cardiff, Wales on 29 May 1908. She studied at the Central School of Speech and Drama. She began her career in show business as an actress and chorus girl and was on stage in 1931. On 8 September 1934, she married Robert MacDermot Barbour (b. 19 March 1910 in Poona, India), who would become Head of BBC TV Drama in 1948. They had a son Richard Morgan Derry MacDermot Barbour.
After their marriage, they began writing as a partnership. Their early work was for the London stage and include a full revue in 1938 at the London Hippodrome, "Black and Blue", starring Frances Day, Vic Oliver and Max Wall. Impressed with their witty and satirical scripts Morgan and MacDermot were later hired by stage director Norman Marshall to write a stage show for Hermione Gingold. Although slow to begin the show was a great success, selling out for its eight-week run.
During World War Two, Dianne was instrumental in arranging for the up-and-coming actor Derek Bond a film test with Ealing Studios. This was to launch his post career, in ‘The Captive Heart’ (1946) and ‘Nicholas Nickleby’ (1947).
Morgan and MacDermot would go on to write the stage shows, "Lets Face It!" (1939) and "Swinging the Gate" (1940) as well as many revues for the West End and the outlying club theatres. In the 1940s Morgan wrote several plays including a "House in the Square" (1940) and "Rain before Seven" (1949). During the decade Morgan made significant script contributions to several Ealing screenplays, for which she is now best known. A contract writer, her film work included "Went the Day Well?" (1942) and additional dialogue for "A Run for Your Money" (1949). In 1960 she scripted Philip Leacock's film "Hand in Hand" about a Roman Catholic child and his Jewish friend, for which she won several international awards.
Her television work included "Emergency - Ward 10" and its spin-off "Call Oxbridge 2000", while she also made contributions to radio and wrote two novels.
MacDermot died in London on 21 November 1964, while Morgan lived until 9 December 1996, and died in Northwood, Middlesex.

</doc>
<doc id="18674982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674982" title="Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 55 kg">
Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 55 kg

Men's Greco-Roman 55 kg competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, was held on August 12 at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium.
This Greco-Roman wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winner of two bronze medals. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who loses to one of the two finalists moves into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.
Each bout consists of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scores more points in each round is the winner of that rounds; the bout ends when one wrestler has won two rounds (and thus the match).
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()

</doc>
<doc id="18674983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674983" title="Padua College, Melbourne">
Padua College, Melbourne

Padua College is a Catholic co-educational Secondary College located in Victoria, Australia. The Mornington campus alone provides for approximately 2,000 students from across the Mornington Peninsula. The college also has a smaller campus in Rosebud (Year 7-10). 
Facilities include a bird hide and wetlands areas, natural bushland, aquarium, drama rooms, art and media rooms, gymnasium, chapel, library, music rooms, tennis courts, basketball courts, food technology rooms, an aghort centre and two ovals.
Our Lady of the Sea Chapel - Rosebud Campus.
This year (2012) marks 25 years since the opening of the Rosebud Campus. At the suggestion of Mr Peter O’Halloran, Head of Religious Education, the College Board was asked to consider naming the Chapel at Rosebud Campus, as has been the practice for significant buildings across the College. 
In recognition of Padua College’s original name (when it opened in 1898) as the College of Our Lady of the Sea, and honouring the devotion to Mary in our three Southern Parishes, St Mary’s Star of the Sea Sorrento; Our Lady of Fatima Rosebud; and Our Lady of Perpetual Help Dromana, the College Board approved the naming of the chapel at Rosebud Campus as “Our Lady of the Sea Chapel”. 
It was Easter 1994, through the enthusiastic endeavours of Mr Frank Colcott, that the College was able to secure what originally was the Wesleyan/Methodist Church, built around 1884 at Red Hill (and then from 1968 located at the Peninsula Gardens Pleasure Park in Rosebud) to be relocated to the Rosebud Campus as the Chapel.
Mornington Campus.
The Mornington site is situated on over 14.5 hectares (thirty six acres) in a rural environment. The Junior Campus offers approximately 910 students from Years 7-10 a comprehensive range of subjects. Year 11 and 12 students are located in the Senior Campus which is separate from the rest of the College. There are approximately 600 senior students, who may choose to undertake various courses of study including the Victorian Certificate of Education (VCE), the Victorian Certificate of Applied Learning (VCAL) and Vocational Education and Training (VET). Senior Campus facilities include a study centre with networked computers, specialised science and computer laboratories, an agriculture centre and gymnasium.
Rosebud Campus.
The Rosebud Campus was opened in 1987 and provides approximately 460 students. There has been a particular effort to use indigenous plants in the College grounds, for which the College has won several significant awards. The Rosebud Campus students move across to the Mornington Year 11 and 12 Campus for their senior studies.
Tyabb Campus.
The Padua College Board of Management announced plans for a Year 7-10 Campus at Tyabb for students who live in the Western Port region. The Tyabb Campus will be located on Frankston Flinders Rd at the corner of Western Port Hwy. It is expected to open in 2014 with three classes at Year 7 and at least two classes at Year 8. The Tyabb Campus will grow to a four class intake as demand increases. Tyabb Campus students will be offered the same opportunities as at the Mornington and Rosebud Campuses, and the whole school will come together on various occasions throughout the year, including SIS Sport, Music, Rally Days, Padua Day and House Celebration Days. The Tyabb Campus students will move across to the Mornington Year 11 and 12 Campus for their senior studies.

</doc>
<doc id="18674995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18674995" title="2003 Tata Open">
2003 Tata Open

The 2003 Tata Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the SDAT Tennis Stadium in Chennai in India and was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from December 30, 2002 through January 5, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18675029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675029" title="Roustabout (album)">
Roustabout (album)

Roustabout is the twenty-first album by Elvis Presley, released on RCA Victor Records in mono and stereo, LPM/LSP 2999, in October 1964. It was a soundtrack to the film of the same name. Recording sessions took place at Radio Recorders in Hollywood, California, on March 2 and 3, and April 29, 1964. It peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Top Pop Albums chart. It was certified Gold on May 20, 1988 by the Recording Industry Association of America. The album would be Presley's final soundtrack to reach number one and his last number one album until 1973's "".
Content.
Payments to Presley for each film amounted to between $225,000 to $1,000,000 up front, often half the budget for production, with a 50% share of the profits. These movies were being shot in sometimes as little as three weeks, with the complete scoring and recording of the soundtrack albums taking no more than two weeks. It fell to Freddy Bienstock, the assistant of Presley's mananger, Colonel Tom Parker, to ensure that the soundtrack songs fit into the profit equation with the publishing controlled by Elvis Presley Music or Gladys Music, the Hill and Range Publishing companies owned by Presley and the Parker. As a result, successful writers such as Doc Pomus and Mort Shuman, Otis Blackwell and Winfield Scott, and Don Robertson lost interest in adhering to the needs of the grind. It was interlocking self-promotion, causing one MGM employee to remark that the movies "didn't need titles. They could be numbered. They would still sell".
Blackwell and Scott in fact submitted a candidate for the title track, "I'm a Roustabout" recorded on March 3, only to find it substituted by a song from a different team of writers. This recording was eventually released by RCA on the 2003 compilation "2nd to None".
Presley and his coterie of top session musicians gamely plowed through all of this, and eleven songs were recorded for the twenty-minute soundtrack LP. Four songs from this album appeared on the 1995 soundtrack compilation, "": "Roustabout", "Little Egypt", "Poison Ivy League", and "There's a Brand New Day on the Horizon".

</doc>
<doc id="18675032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675032" title="God on Trial">
God on Trial

God on Trial is a 2008 BBC/WGBH Boston television play written by Frank Cottrell Boyce, starring Antony Sher, Rupert Graves and Jack Shepherd. The play takes place in Auschwitz during World War II. The Jewish prisoners put God on trial "in absentia" for abandoning the Jewish people. The question is if God has broken his covenant with the Jewish people by allowing the Nazis to commit genocide.
The play is based on an event described by Elie Wiesel in his book "The Trial of God", though Boyce describes this tale as "apocryphal". According to Boyce, producer Mark Redhead "had been trying to turn the story into a film for almost 20 years by the time he called me in 2005 to write the screenplay."
Score.
The music for the film was especially commissioned and composed by Nick Green and Tristin Norwell.
Reception.
Reviews were overwhelmingly positive. Sam Wollaston in "The Guardian" found it "powerful and thoughtful stuff, with some fine performances by some fine actors - Antony Sher, Rupert Graves, Dominic Cooper." Remarking that Boyce wrote the piece from a position of personal faith, James Walton in "The Telegraph" observed, "Yet, as each of the characters put forward a different view on the question of God and suffering, it was clear that he was willing to interrogate his beliefs with real ferocity." This was a complex piece, and "as the fierceness of the intellectual and emotional grip tightened, it was impossible to imagine any halfway-thoughtful viewers, of whatever prior convictions, not having a disturbing sense of their own ideas coming under sustained and convincing attack." In a long review for "The Times", Tim Teeman had great praise for the cast: "The performances were so strong it felt a privilege to watch the actors, among them Antony Sher, Rupert Graves, Stephen Dillane and Jack Shepherd." He also praises director Andy de Emmony's "brilliant, arresting sleight of hand... the prisoners, naked and shorn, together with the present-day touring party in the gas chamber." For "The Independent", Thomas Sutcliffe remarked on Sher's role as the play's smouldering fuse: "Every now and then you saw Antony Sher, davening silently in a corner of the barracks. Like a loaded gun in a Chekhov play, you knew he was going to go off eventually and that it would be significant when he did, and indeed it was his explosive inventory of God's biblically attested crimes that finally swung the judges in favour of a guilty verdict."
Opposite fierce competition from the much-trailed, eagerly awaited debut episode of ITV's four-part time travel fantasy series, "Lost in Austen", and an episode of the BBC's celebrity genealogy show, "Who Do You Think You Are?", featuring Esther Rantzen, "God on Trial" attracted 700,000 viewers on BBC2, a 3% share of the audience, according to overnight returns.
When the show was shown in the United States on PBS, the "Los Angeles Times" said "They are big topics addressed with a striking lack of sentimentality, quite a feat considering the setting." The "San Francisco Chronicle" echoed the British reviewers in praising the "brilliant script" the "subtle wonders at every turn" in DeEmmony's direction, and remarked that "It seems trivial even to try to single out one superb performance from virtually every other superb performance."
Distribution.
"God on Trial" aired on BBC2 on Wednesday the 3rd of September 2008 and on PBS in the "Masterpiece Contemporary" strand on the 9th of November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18675036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675036" title="Dmytro Kozban">
Dmytro Kozban

Dmytro Kozban (; born 27 April 1989 in Kramatorsk, Donetsk Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for Volyn Lutsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="18675042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675042" title="Komikan">
Komikan

Komikan (from the Mapuche kom ikan "to eat all") is a two-player abstract strategy board game of the Mapuches (known by the Spaniards as the Araucanians) from Chile and Argentina. The same game is also played by the Incas under the name Taptana, Komina, Comina, Cumi, Puma, or Inca Chess. In modern Quechua, the language of the ethnolinguistic group that are the descendants of the Incas, Taptana means "chess". It is known by the Aymaras, a neighboring ethnolinguistic group to the Quechuan people, as kumisiña. Throughout South America the game is known as El león y las ovejas which literally means "the lion and the sheep". The lion is actually a puma as there are no lions native to the Americas. The Mapuches also call it El Leoncito. J. I. Molina, in 1787, described it as ‘"el artificioso juego del ajedrez, al cual dan el nombre de comican"’ which translates to ""the ingenious game of chess to which they (the Mapuche) give the name comican"". Komikan may actually be the same game as Adugo (Jaguar and Dogs) as played by the Bororo tribe of Brazil. in 1898, Stewart Culin, the famed anthropologist, named a game played in Peru as Solitario. The same name was also used by the game historian, Murray, in 1952. The game may also be known in Peru as Kukuli. Komikan is a hunt game, and specifically a tiger hunt game (or tiger game) since it uses an expanded Alquerque board. Like all hunt games, there are two unequal forces at play. In Komikan, one player has only a single piece, usually called a "puma" or "jaguar", or ""kom ikelu"" (in Mapuche language "the one which eats all"), or "leon" (Spanish for lion), which can move one space at a time or capture the other player's pieces by hopping over them. The other player has twelve pieces (usually called a "sheep" or "goat" or "dogs"), or perros or perritos which is Spanish for "dogs" and "little dogs" respectively, that can only move one space at a time, but not capture, and attempts only to surround and immobilize the puma or jaguar. Pieces must move and/or capture following the pattern on the board. The expanded Alquerque board consist of an Alquerque board and a triangular patterned board attached on one of its side. 
There are different triangular patterned board designs attached to the Alquerque board, and therefore Komikan has several variants. The standard triangular board (with one horizontal line across the breadth of the triangle, and one vertical line along the length of the triangle) described by Stewart Culin in 1898 (as Solitario) is only one of them. In 1918-19, Matus Z. described a Komikan board with a triangular board with two horizontal lines across its breadth, a single vertical line along its length, and two shorter vertical lines where the shorter horizontal line (the one closest to the Alquerque board) intersects with the triangle's two sides. Another board described in 1980 by J. Alcina Franch described a Taptana board with a heart-shaped triangular board with a curve line connecting to a little circle that touches the Alquerque board. This board was found at Chinchero, Peru near the capitol, Cuzco, scratched on a Pre-Hispanic wall. This board has been used as an argument that Komikan or Taptana is a Pre-Hispanic or Pre-Columbian indigenous game of South America. The last Inca emperor Atahualpa is shown on an illustration to play taptana in the Cajamarca jail with his Spanish guard (from Waman Puma de Ayala in his book written in 1615 pgs. 388, 390) before his death in 1533. The Taptana board, however, is missing a triangular board attached to it, and therefore, it looks to be a standard Alquerque board. Whether or not Komikan or Taptana is indigenous to South America, all other sources so far are after Columbus' discovery of the Americas. 
Another early description of the Mapuche (Araucanian) game was described by J. I. Molina in 1787. It described that the sheep or goats step forward. The puma or jaguar (or leon) was allowed to make multiple short leaps in capturing the sheep or goats.

</doc>
<doc id="18675045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675045" title="A Night of Rapture Tour">
A Night of Rapture Tour

A Night of Rapture is a concert tour and the first headlining tour by American recording artist Anita Baker. The tour was in support of her break-through multi-platinum album, "Rapture", which sold 8 million copies worldwide. The tour started in mid-March, with stops in several cities throughout North America and Europe. Baker continued with the North America 2nd leg, which included seven dates in Los Angeles at the "Beverly Theatre" in January, including two and three-night dates in Merrillville, Indiana and New York City, and Miami, Florida. The outing included four sold-out shows scheduled in Washington D.C. and three consecutive dates for a second visit in Merrillville, Indiana.
The Show.
The tour consisted of a selection of songs from Baker's 1983 debut, "The Songstress" and majority of the "Rapture" album. For each performance, Baker would perform songs from both albums, and also include a song from another artist. For example, she performed "You've Changed" by Sarah Vaughan for one show, and Van Morrison's "Moondance" for another. She performed several shows throughout the week in Los Angeles, with gospel/R&B group the Perri Sisters joining as background vocals and toured with Baker for the remainder of the "Rapture Tour".
Set list.
Notes
1 performed only on select Europe and North America dates<br>2 performed on selected dates in Europe
Tour dates.
Notes
DVD/CD Release.
A DVD and CD Live Collection, entitled "A Night Of Rapture: Live" was released in 2004 by Rhino Records, which reached #35 in the Billboard 'Top R&B/Hip-Hop albums' list.

</doc>
<doc id="18675046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675046" title="Malnutrition–inflammation complex">
Malnutrition–inflammation complex

Malnutrition–inflammation complex (syndrome), abbreviated as “MICS” and also known as "malnutrition–inflammation–cachexia syndrome", is a common condition in chronic disease states such as chronic kidney disease (where it is also known as uremic malnutrition or protein–energy malnutrition) and chronic heart failure.
The MICS is believed to be a cause of survival paradoxes seen in these distinct patient populations, also known as reverse epidemiology populations.

</doc>
<doc id="18675052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675052" title="Foxy Lady (manga)">
Foxy Lady (manga)

The series published five volumes published by Studio DNA in Japanese between November 26, 2002 and March 3, 2005. Recently, it has been published in English. The first volume was released by Tokyopop on May 1, 2008, and the second on July 2010.
Plot.
Jin Mikasa is the heir to the Mikasa shrine, currently seen over by his father and dedicated to Doukan-San. One day, a mysterious fox-girl called Kogane Mikasa appears at the shrine, who claims to be half-human and half-demon. She first stays with Jin and Sogo Aoyagi, a childhood friend of Jin's who is self-centered at times. Worried about Doukan-San discovering her, Jin and Kogane hide in Sogo's wardrobe, where they accidentally kiss. The kiss causes her to lose her fox-like appearances and turn into a human, something she has always wanted. However, the change is only temporarily and she needs to be kissed repeatedly to remain human. Also, she cannot use magic when she is human. Her fate is determined by who she marries, and she wants to marry a human and be human.
Doukan-San discovers where Kogane is hiding, but Jin is surprised to learn that she is Doukan-San's daughter, with him being a demon and his wife being a human. Jin is also surprised to learn that Kogane's mother is his aunt and that Kogane is his cousin. Kogane stays in the human world and learns to adapt to it. She eventually goes to Jin's school, where she meets Kanoto Okubo, another of Jin's school friends, and occult club member Sachi Usui, who brings Izume-Chan, a weasel-girl who is Kogane's friend, to the human world.
Reception.
"Foxy Lady" has had mixed reviews. Leroy Douresseaux from comicbookbin.com praised the art, but went onto say that, "For the most part, "Foxy Lady" is a comic fantasy romp, although there are many romantic moments. The narrative feels awkward when Tachibana tries to force this to be a fantasy romance and the pace becomes clunky with too many dry spots – more stops than starts. In the second half of this volume, the stories focus on fantasy scenarios with comic implications, rather than romantic one; then, "Foxy Lady" really starts to come to life. It will be interesting to see where this goes."
Nadia Oxford of mania.com was more critical saying, ""Foxy Lady" isn't terrible; it's just manga at its most typical. The jokes are stale, as are the character designs. With dozens of quality titles out there, there's simply no reason to pick it up. Thinking about it though, creating a mediocre title is worse than creating a bad one: bad books, movies and manga are acknowledged through word of mouth. Mediocre works just fade into obscurity and then fall into the bargain bin, which is the next dimension "Foxy Lady" is destined for."
Holly Ellingwood from activeanime.com was more positive about "Foxy Lady", stating that, ""Foxy Lady" has a rich and glossy style that is imminently attractive. Being a romantic comedy, bordering on harem, it has excellent and gorgeous female character designs. But the artist doesn't shirk on the male characters either, giving them appealing detail and style as well. The illustrations are competent and confident enough that it makes the manga easily imagined as an anime due to its fluidity and high quality imagery."

</doc>
<doc id="18675053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675053" title="Vadamanappakkam">
Vadamanappakkam

Vadamanappakkam is a village located in Tiruvannamalai district, Tamil Nadu, South India.
Overview.
The village is situated in Southern India in the State of Tamil Nadu. The village is located 20 miles south of the temple town Kancheepuram and 35 miles north of the famous hospital in the town of Vellore. The village has a population of 5,000 leading a harmonious life. This village is predominantly agrarian with rice being the staple food. Irrigation and drinking water is primarily available from the water from wells and ponds filled in the rainy season from October to January. The village is connected to other villages and towns through the state highways.
It is administered as part of the Cheyyar taluk.
People in this villages live in unity.
The chief occupations of the people are agriculture and Weaving (Kanchi cotton and silk sarees).
This Village has 1 High School,1 Preliminary School,1 Panchayat Union,1 Clinic,2 cooperative Society, and 1 Rural Library.
History.
The name "Vadamanappakkam" comes from "Vaadamalai Amman" located in "Easwarar Temple" in the village.
Educations.
The Vadamanappakkam village has an elementary school with 500 students and a high school with 700 students. The schools have a common playground in a rural setting with dimensions of 200 yards X 400 yards.
The High School has a good record and each year more and students get high scores in public exams. Other students from nearby villages like Melbhudheri, Perumanthangal, Thandappanthangal, Moranam, and Thennampattu join here and shape their careers well.
Vadamanappakkam village has an one rural library with many books and daily newspapers providing a source for villagers to expand their knowledge.
Occupations.
The main occupations are weaving and agriculture.
Transport.
Vadamanappakkam can be reached by bus from Chennai via Kanchipuram to Kalavi Road. Vadamanappakkam is just 15 km from Cheyyar and just 27 km away from Kanchipuram,and just 20 km away from Arcot. It is located near(27 km) to Katpadi railway Junction. All trains from Chennai to Coimbatore, Bangalore, Trivandrum goes by this route only.
List of Temples.
Vadamanappakkam village has several temples.
1.Thanthondri Amman Temple.<br>
2.Subramaniyar Swami Temple.<br>
3.Eswarar Temple.<br>
4.Venugopalswamy Temple.<br>
5.Krishnar Temple.<br>
6.Perumal Temple.<br>
7.Astalakshmi Temple.<br>
8.Anchaneyar Temple.<br>
9.Kanni ammam Temple.<br>
9.Marriammam Temple.
10.Muingiamman temple<village god>
11.Sengiamman temple
11.Vinayagar Temple
Festivals.
Festivals are a common form of celebration in the village and include:
1) Pongal festivals celebrated with unity these days most of the peoples comes to native and celebrate the festivals. In the day of maatu pongal after pooja over peoples rounded villages using bullock cart children's and others happily travel that and they "chorus" works like "pongalo pongal maatu pongal" like that.
2) Like Pongal, Deepavali also celebrated in happily, also they celebrate "Vinayagar Chathoorthi", "Autha Pooja", "Krishnar Jeyanthi" etc.
3) Every year on the 4th Sunday of the Tamil month "Thai" they celebrate a festival for "Thanthondri Amman". On that day Peoples in all communities gather and they prepare pongal and done the poojas to amman and in that day evening "Maadu Pidi" process going. The highlight of that day is "Amman Thiruveethi ulla", why because most of the people in this village have viratham and done the nerthikadan while this time, like peoples had "Manda Villaku", "Kaan imai sathuthal". Because peoples accept this amman is a powerful.
4) The important festival happened in Subramaniyar swami temple is "Surasambaram". In recent times this festivals done in 2 years once.This was basic of surasambaram incident in kanthapuranam. This is a 3 days festival and the 3rd day festival happened at "Kantha Sasti" day.
Ram Contu...
4.1. In this "surasambaram" we waiting for this function, in this function we enjoying the 3 days, our people parcpeting the several programs for exg:kaitakati vetam for attacking the murugan.
5)After "Kumbabisegam" done in Earikarai Amman Kovil each year "Aadi" month celebrating the festival.
6) In krishnajeyanthi day festivals celebrated in "Krishnar kovil (Venugopal swami)" in yathava street and road street celebrated the function.In that day "Uri adi" function done in yadava street.
7)In every vinayakar sathurthi festival clebrated in "yadhava street (vallampuri vinayaga temple)and some temples found in my village

</doc>
<doc id="18675068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675068" title="2004 Chennai Open">
2004 Chennai Open

The 2004 Chennai Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the SDAT Tennis Stadium in Chennai in India and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from January 5 through January 11, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18675081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675081" title="Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 120 kg">
Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 120 kg

Men's Greco-Roman 120 kg competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, was held on August 14 at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium.
This Greco-Roman wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winner of two bronze medals. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who loses to one of the two finalists moves into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.
Each bout consists of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scores more points in each round is the winner of that rounds; the bout ends when one wrestler has won two rounds (and thus the match).
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()

</doc>
<doc id="18675082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675082" title="Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 96 kg">
Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 96 kg

Men's Greco-Roman 96 kg competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, was held on August 14 at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium.
This Greco-Roman wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winner of two bronze medals. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who loses to one of the two finalists moves into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.
Each bout consists of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scores more points in each round is the winner of that rounds; the bout ends when one wrestler has won two rounds (and thus the match).
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()

</doc>
<doc id="18675083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675083" title="Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 84 kg">
Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 84 kg

Men's Greco-Roman 84 kg competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, was held on August 14 at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium. Italian wrestler Andrea Minguzzi won the gold medal in this event.
This Greco-Roman wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winner of two bronze medals. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who loses to one of the two finalists moves into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.
Each bout consists of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scores more points in each round is the winner of that rounds; the bout ends when one wrestler has won two rounds (and thus the match).
Swedish wrestler Ara Abrahamian was originally awarded a bronze medal. However, at the medal ceremony he shook hands with his competitors, walked off the podium and placed his medal down on the mat in protest at the judging in his semi-final match. On August 16, 2008, the IOC decided to strip him of his medal because they felt it amounted to a political demonstration and was disrespectful to other athletes. No other athlete receives his medal.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()

</doc>
<doc id="18675084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675084" title="Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 74 kg">
Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 74 kg

Men's Greco-Roman 74 kg competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, was held on August 13 at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium.
This Greco-Roman wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winner of two bronze medals. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who loses to one of the two finalists moves into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.
Each bout consists of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scores more points in each round is the winner of that rounds; the bout ends when one wrestler has won two rounds (and thus the match).
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()

</doc>
<doc id="18675085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675085" title="Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 66 kg">
Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 66 kg

Men's Greco-Roman 66 kg competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, was held on August 13 at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium.
This Greco-Roman wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winner of two bronze medals. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who loses to one of the two finalists moves into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.
Each bout consists of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scores more points in each round is the winner of that rounds; the bout ends when one wrestler has won two rounds (and thus the match).
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()

</doc>
<doc id="18675086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675086" title="Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 60 kg">
Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 60 kg

Men's Greco-Roman 60 kg competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, was held on August 12 at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium.
This Greco-Roman wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winner of two bronze medals. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who loses to one of the two finalists moves into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.
Each bout consists of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scores more points in each round is the winner of that rounds; the bout ends when one wrestler has won two rounds (and thus the match).
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()

</doc>
<doc id="18675088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675088" title="Yevhen Chepurnenko">
Yevhen Chepurnenko

Yevhen Chepurnenko (; born 6 September 1989 in Berdyansk, Zaporizhzhia Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for Desna Chernihiv in the Ukrainian Second League.

</doc>
<doc id="18675099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675099" title="Batuhampar">
Batuhampar

Batuhampar is a village at Kab 50 Kota near Payakumbuh City in West Sumatra

</doc>
<doc id="18675102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675102" title="Reference tone">
Reference tone

A reference tone is a pure tone corresponding to a known frequency, and produced at a stable sound pressure level (volume), usually by specialized equipment.
In media.
The most common reference tone in audio engineering is a at −20dB. It is meant to be used by audio engineers in order to adjust the playback equipment so that the accompanying media is at a comfortable volume for the audience. In video production, this tone is usually accompanied by a test card so the video signal may be calibrated as well. It is sometimes played in sequence between a 100 Hz and 10 kHz tone to ensure an accurate response from the equipment at varying audio frequencies. This is also the "bleep" tone commonly used to censor obscene or sensitive audio content.
In music.
Many electronic tuners used by musicians emit a tone of 440Hz, corresponding to a pitch of A above Middle C (A4). More sophisticated tuners offer a choice of other reference pitches to account for differences in tuning. Some specialized tuners offer pitches used commonly on a particular instrument (standard guitar tuning, fifth intervals for string instruments, the open tones for various brass instruments).

</doc>
<doc id="18675105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675105" title="Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 120 kg">
Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 120 kg

Men's freestyle 120 kg competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, was held on 21 August at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium.
This freestyle wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winner of two bronze medals. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who loses to one of the two finalists moves into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.
Each bout consists of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scores more points in each round is the winner of that rounds; the bout ends when one wrestler has won two rounds (and thus the match).
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()

</doc>
<doc id="18675106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675106" title="Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 96 kg">
Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 96 kg

Men's freestyle 96 kg competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, took place on 21 August at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium.
This freestyle wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winner of two bronze medals. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who loses to one of the two finalists moves into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.
Each bout consists of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scores more points in each round is the winner of that rounds; the bout ends when one wrestler has won two rounds (and thus the match).
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()

</doc>
<doc id="18675107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675107" title="Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 84 kg">
Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 84 kg

Men's freestyle 84 kg competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, took place on 21 August at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium.
This freestyle wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winner of two bronze medals. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who loses to one of the two finalists moves into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.
Each bout consists of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scores more points in each round is the winner of that rounds; the bout ends when one wrestler has won two rounds (and thus the match).
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()

</doc>
<doc id="18675108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675108" title="Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 74 kg">
Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 74 kg

Men's freestyle 74 kg competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, was held on August 20 at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium.
This freestyle wrestling competition consisted of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winner of two bronze medals. The two finalists faced off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who lost to one of the two finalists moved into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.
Each bout consisted of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scored more points in each round was the winner of that rounds; the bout finished when one wrestler had won two rounds (and thus the match).
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()

</doc>
<doc id="18675109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675109" title="Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 66 kg">
Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 66 kg

Men's freestyle 66 kg competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, was held on August 20 at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium.
This freestyle wrestling competition consisted of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winner of two bronze medals. The two finalists faced off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who lost to one of the two finalists moved into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.
Each bout consisted of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scored more points in each round was the winner of that round; the bout finished when one wrestler had won two rounds (and thus the match).
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()

</doc>
<doc id="18675110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675110" title="Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 60 kg">
Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 60 kg

Men's Freestyle 60 kg competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, was held on August 19 at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium.
This freestyle wrestling competition consisted of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winner of two bronze medals. The two finalists faced off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who lost to one of the two finalists moved into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.
Each bout consisted of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scored more points in each round was the winner of that rounds; the bout finished when one wrestler had won two rounds (and thus the match).
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()

</doc>
<doc id="18675112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675112" title="Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 55 kg">
Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 55 kg

Men's freestyle 55 kg competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, was held on August 19 at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium.
This freestyle wrestling competition consisted of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winners of two bronze medals. The two finalists faced off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who lost to one of the two finalists moved into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.
Each bout consisted of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scored more points in each round was the winner of that rounds; the bout finished when one wrestler had won two rounds (and thus the match).
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()

</doc>
<doc id="18675114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675114" title="1977–78 FA Cup">
1977–78 FA Cup

The 1977–78 FA Cup was the 97th season of the world's oldest knockout football competition, The Football Association Challenge Cup, or FA Cup. The final saw Ipswich Town beat Arsenal 1–0, with a single goal from Roger Osborne.
First round proper.
The first round of games were played on 26 November 1977. Replays were played mainly on 28–30 November, with three on 5 and 7 December.
Second Round Proper.
The second round of games were played on 17 December 1977. Replays took place on 19th–21st.
Third round proper.
The third round of games in the FA Cup were played on 6–7 January 1978. Replays were mainly played over 9–11 January but some occurred on 16th instead.
Fourth Round Proper.
The fourth round of games were intended to be played on 28 January 1978, but by this time only nine matches had been played, of which three went to replays. The other matches and replays were completed either midweek on 31 January – 1 February, or on 6 February. Replays were played at various times after the initial games.
Fifth Round Proper.
The fifth set of games mainly took place on 18 February 1978, with two of the games played on 22nd and 27th. Four games went to replays which were played on 27–28 February. A second replay was then played on 2 March.
Sixth Round Proper.
The sixth round of FA Cup games were played on 11 March 1978. There was one replay on 14th.

</doc>
<doc id="18675116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675116" title="Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's freestyle 48 kg">
Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's freestyle 48 kg

Women's freestyle 48 kg competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, was held on August 16 at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium.
This freestyle wrestling competition consisted of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winner of two bronze medals. The two finalists faced off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who lost to one of the two finalists moved into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.
Each bout consisted of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scored more points in each round was the winner of that rounds; the bout finished when one wrestler had won two rounds (and thus the match).
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()

</doc>
<doc id="18675117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675117" title="Mykhaylo Kozak">
Mykhaylo Kozak

Mykhaylo Stepanovych Kozak (; born 20 January 1991 in Milovice, Czechoslovakia) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who last played for FC Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="18675118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675118" title="Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's freestyle 55 kg">
Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's freestyle 55 kg

Women's freestyle 55 kg competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, was held on August 16 at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium.
This freestyle wrestling competition consisted of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winner of two bronze medals. The two finalists faced off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who lost to one of the two finalists moved into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.
Each bout consisted of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scored more points in each round was the winner of that rounds; the bout finished when one wrestler had won two rounds (and thus the match).
Saori Yoshida of Japan won the gold medal, her second successive Olympic gold medal in the event. She defeated China's Xu Li in the final in two periods by fall. The bronze medals went to Canada's Tonya Verbeek, the Athens silver winner, and Colombia's Jackeline Rentería.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()

</doc>
<doc id="18675119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675119" title="Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's freestyle 63 kg">
Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's freestyle 63 kg

Women's freestyle 63 kg competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, was held on August 17 at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium.
This freestyle wrestling competition consisted of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winner of two bronze medals. The two finalists faced off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who lost to one of the two finalists moved into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.
Each bout consisted of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scored more points in each round was the winner of that rounds; the bout finished when one wrestler had won two rounds (and thus the match).
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()

</doc>
<doc id="18675120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675120" title="Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's freestyle 72 kg">
Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's freestyle 72 kg

Women's freestyle 72 kg competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, was held on August 17 at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium.
This freestyle wrestling competition consisted of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winner of two bronze medals. The two finalists faced off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who lost to one of the two finalists moved into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.
Each bout consisted of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scored more points in each round was the winner of that rounds; the bout finished when one wrestler had won two rounds (and thus the match).
Wang Jiao of China won the gold medal. She defeated Bulgaria's Stanka Zlateva in the final in three periods 0–1, 0–3, 0-4.
The bronze medals went to Japan's Kyoko Hamaguchi and Poland's Agnieszka Wieszczek.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()

</doc>
<doc id="18675126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675126" title="Kenn Smith">
Kenn Smith

Kenneth LaMont Smith (born April 27, 1962 in Chicago, Illinois) a touring & session bassist, guitarist, later composer, recording artist for his own label Kenn Smith Music. He developed his musical skills as a freelance guitarist and bassist while performing on Chicago's jazz, blues and rock music scene. His professional career as a sideman started while working as a guitarist with the Chicago Cotton Club Monday Night Open Mic band. Sharing the stage with many future greats Bernie Mac, R. Kelly and many others who got their start there. It was also where he later formed his first jazz trio and open for jazz greats Shirley Horn, Stanley Turrentine, Freddie Cole (brother of Nat King Cole), Najee, Art Porter. As a jazz side man he played with jazz greats Jodie Christian, Guy Fricano, Johnny Frigo, Najee and many others.1992, he was asked to tour as a guitarist with the famed R&B group the Chi-Lites, and did so until 1994. He then went on to tour and perform with many other great performers in various styles of music as a guitarist or bassist.
As a recording artist for his own label Kenn Smith Music, he has written, produced and performed on all instruments five (5) releases. (1997) BLUE, (2002) TWO, (2002) Short Stories, (2011) Samples and "If I Remember" (2012). All are available for download at CD Baby, iTunes and other online music sites. 
To this day his reputation continues to grow and is recognize as one of the best guitarist and bassist in the world. Admired by many for his eclectic versatility as a musician and composer in all areas of music but most notably jazz, jazz fusion, classical, ambient music, rock and world music. 
As an author and journalist he has written an instruction book for electric bass and numerous articles for online magazines such as Mel Bay Bass Sessions, Bass Musician Magazine and other online publication.
Currently the owner and operator of Kenn Smith Music.

</doc>
<doc id="18675134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675134" title="Virachilai">
Virachilai

Virachilai is a village in the Pudukkottai district in Tamil Nadu, India. It lies 22 km away from Pudukkottai, on the road in between Pudukottai and Ponnamaravathi. The name "virachilai" is an eponym, etymologically derived from veera chalai or veera saali, a place allegedly named by Lord Rama.
Virachilai is well connected by road, though there is no direct rail connection. There are 3 important bus stops in this village. The nearest railway station is at Namanasamudram which is 10 km away from Virachilai and the railhead is at Pudukkottai. Bus facility is available from Trichy, Pudukkottai, Ponnamaravathi, Thirumayam, and from many other places. The nearest airport connected is at Trichy, 78 km away from virachilai. Accommodation is also available at nearby Pudukkottai.
Virachilai was under Pudukkottai samasthanam since 17 th century. The Thondaimans of Pudukkottai came to rule with full sovereignty over the Pudukkottai area from the middle of the 17th century till its amalgamation with the rest of India after Indian Independence in 1947.
Culture.
People of different communities and religions are living in Virachilai for hundreds of years. The Nattukkottai (Nagarathar) chettiar mercantile community lives in this village as well. The Chettiar community make every effort to live and adjust to other older communities of Viraichilai. The chettiars of Virachilai have travelled to Malaysia, Singapore and Medan, Sumatra.
"Sivan Kovil, Sri Adaikkalam Katha Ambal Kovil, and Sri Subramaniar kovil, Sri Kaliyega meyya Ayyanar Kovil, Sri Koppudai Amman Kovil" are the famous temples in virachilai. Also there is a church called Punitha Soosaiyappar thevalayam (St. Joseph Church), and Punitha Anthoniyar thevalayam which was built and maintained by Christians.
Virachilai has rich cultural and historical heritage well preserved in its temple architecture specifically Sivan and Amman temple and St. Joseph church also.
Statuary and adornment in these ancient temples showcases one of the foremost artistic heritages of this village.
Adaikkalam Katha Ambal Kovil and Chevvai Festivals.
The main deity of this temple Adaikkalam Katha Ambal, is facing vadakki vasal Karuppar in the north.
Vinayagar, Karuppar, Pathu Raja, Mariamman, and Saptha Kannigal are also present in this temple along with Adaikkalam Katha Ambal.
Chevvai, (the main festival of this temple) is celebrated in the Tamil month of Vaigasi every year by Virachilai Oorargal, in a grand manner for 22 days.
Chevvai festival has various processes and phases including Mulaippari, Oyilaattam to name a few.
Mulaippari
It's a process of producing Chevvai Kallu, an alcoholic beverage produced by brewing and the fermentation of starches derived from grains by Lactobacillus bulgaricus and Streptococcus thermophilus is prepared for this Chevvai festival in side festival house. These two bacteria are able to grow at 40-45oC, during which they produce lactic acid and various other byproducts that give kallu its unique flavor. After Satharanam, this drink will be diluted and distributed to all by Pandaram.
Oyilattam
"Oyilattam" is a traditional dance of Tamilians widely seen in Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka where people should sing & dance in a unique manner illustrating Arichandra Puranam. This dancing event takes place in front of Chevvai Veedu for a week in the evenings during chevvai festival.
Virachilai People are divided into 10 groups (vagai in Tamil) depending upon the location of their farms.
Each vagai or group will have its own God, but this amman is common for all the groups.
Each vagai or group has to select one girl (should be less than 15 yrs old) to represent them in this festival.
So, totally 10 girls, selected by all the groups will be handed over to Pandaram and will have to live in Chevvai Veedu, a significant festival house for 22 days along with Pandaram, who is in charge of festival house.
"Pandaram" is a person who directs this festival in front and his main duties are to look after chevvai veedu and these girls.
Goddess amman rides for NagarValam on a chariot every morning and evening for 10 days during this festival.
People must keep all the pooja items in a basket on their respective MANAIs', "a speacial flat decorated stone installed in front of every house".
This festival ends on 22 nd day which is called Satharanam.
Oyilattam Picture
Other Festivals.
St. Joseph church festival has also celebrated in every year in middle month of July. To celebrate grandly managed by Christian community.
ANI THIRUVIZHA is Sivan Kovil festival, celebrated in the Tamil month of Ani every year for 10 days.
Subramaniar Kovil festival is celebrated by Nattukkottai chettiyars.
The nearby villages, Neikkunam, Perunthurai, Peraiyur and Mallangudi are well associated with religious activities in past centuries.
Tourist Places.
Muppali Karuppar Kovil, 2 km away from Virachilai is located in Rendivayal, which is Gula Theivam for people belonging to vagai I.
Malaya Kovil, 5 km away from Virachilai, is very popular for Thaipoosam festival every year.
Tirumayam Fort, 8 km away from virachilai is one of the historical places where famous freedom fighters Veerapandiya Kattabomman and his brother Umathaiturai hid after their fight against the British during 17th Century.
Thirumayam Perumal temple is one of the 108 thirupathi's defined by alwars/vaishnavites.
Devamalai, 6 km away from Virachilai is associated with one of the 63 Nayanmars called Perumizhalai Kurumbanayanar.
Thabasu Malai, 4 km from away from Virachilai has a beautiful Subramaniar temple built on a hill. This temple is very popular for Panguni Uthiram festival every year.
Perunthurai, 5 km away from Virachilai is a village where Perumal, Siva, poovayi amman and ayyanar temples are located at the same place. A river called pambaaru is originating from Perunthurai.
Naganatha Swamy temple is located in Perayur which is 7 km virachilai. This temple is considered as powerful as Thirunageshwaram temple and Kalakshthi.
Konnayur Maariamman Kovil, 20 km away from Virachilai is a popular Mariamman Kovil in Pudukkottai district.
Bus route.
13,13A, kumaran - from Pudukkottai.
Shanthi,1,5 - From Thirumayam and Ponnamaravathi.
Via air.
From Trichy Airport -> Pudukkottai -> Virachilai.
Education.
PR Meyyappa Chettiar Middle School
This is one of the popular management schools around virachilai in terms of educational standard and quality.
St. Joseph Matriculation School
Matriculation school administered by Christian community.

</doc>
<doc id="18675135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675135" title="Arkansas Court of Appeals">
Arkansas Court of Appeals

The Arkansas Court of Appeals is the intermediate appellate court for the state of Arkansas. It was created in 1978 by Amendment 58 of the Arkansas Constitution, which was implemented by Act 208 of the Arkansas General Assembly in 1979. The court handed down its first opinions for publication on August 8, 1979.
Jurisdiction.
The jurisdiction of the Arkansas Court of Appeals is determined by the Arkansas Supreme Court. There is no right of appeal from the Arkansas Court of Appeals to the Arkansas Supreme Court. However, opinions decided by the court may be reviewed by the Arkansas Supreme Court under three circumstances: on application by a party to the appeal, upon certification of the Arkansas Court of Appeals, or if the Arkansas Supreme Court decides the case is one that should have originally been assigned to it.
Opinions.
The Arkansas Court of Appeals issues a large number of opinions, but does not publish all of them. Instead, only those opinions that "resolve novel or unusual questions" are released for publication by the state's Reporter of Decisions.
Judges.
Originally, there were six judges on the court, this number was expanded by legislation to nine and then twelve. The first judges of the court were appointed by Bill Clinton, during his first term as Governor of Arkansas. The judges are now elected in staggered terms of eight years in a statewide, non-partisan election.
The state of Arkansas is divided into seven districts for the election of judges to the Arkansas Court of Appeals, under Act 1812 of 2003. The qualifications for sitting on the Arkansas Court of Appeals are the same as for the Arkansas Supreme Court.
The judges currently on the court are:

</doc>
<doc id="18675137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675137" title="2005 Chennai Open">
2005 Chennai Open

The 2005 Chennai Open was an ATP tennis tournament held in Chennai, India. The tournament was held from January 3 to January 10.

</doc>
<doc id="18675139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675139" title="Kim Sterelny">
Kim Sterelny

Kim Sterelny is an Australian philosopher and professor of philosophy in the Research School of Social Sciences at Australian National University and Victoria University of Wellington. He is the winner of several international prizes in the philosophy of science, and editor of "Biology and Philosophy". He is also a member of the Australian Academy of the Humanities.
Sterelny's principal area of research is in the philosophy of biology. He states "the development of evolutionary biology since 1858 is one of the great intellectual achievements of science. Sterelny has also written extensively about the philosophy of psychology. He is the author of many important papers in these areas, including widely anthologized papers on group selection, meme theory and cultural evolution such as "Return of the Gene" (with Philip Kitcher), "Memes Revisited" and "The Evolution and Evolvability of Culture."
Together with his former student Paul Griffiths, in 1999, Sterelny published "Sex and Death", a comprehensive treatment of problems and alternative positions in the philosophy of biology. This book incorporated a number of the positions developed in previous articles on the range of topics in the philosophy of biology. At certain points Sterelny and his coauthor differed (for example, on the Darwinian treatment of emotions and on the prospects for developmental systems theory). 
In 2004 Sterelny's book "Thought in a Hostile World: The Evolution of Human Cognition" received the Lakatos Award for a distinguished contribution to the philosophy of science. This book provides a Darwinian account of the nature and evolution of human cognitive capacities, and is an important alternative to nativist accounts familiar from evolutionary psychology. By combining an account of neural plasticity, group selection, and niche construction, Sterelny shows how much of the data on which nativist accounts rely can be accounted for without attributing a large number of genetically hardwire modules to the mind/brain. In 2008 Sterelny was awarded the Jean-Nicod Prize. His lectures are published under the title, "The Evolved Apprentice". These lectures build on the non-Nativist Darwinian approach of "Thought in a Hostile World," while providing a discussion of a great deal of recent work by other philosophers, biological anthropologists and ecologists, gene-culture co-evolution theorists, and evolutionary game theorists.

</doc>
<doc id="18675143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675143" title="Grenville Cross">
Grenville Cross

Ian Grenville Cross, SBS, QC, SC (江樂士) (born 15 June 1951), known as Grenville Cross, was appointed Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) of Hong Kong, on 15 October 1997, and held this post for 12 years, until 21 October 2009. He was the first DPP to be appointed after the transfer of the sovereignty of Hong Kong from the United Kingdom to China on 1 July 1997, and the appointment was regarded as a sign that expatriates still had a role to play in government in the post-colonial period. A career prosecutor, Cross was the seventh holder of the post since its creation in 1979, and the longest serving. On 26 June 2011, he was elected the Vice-Chairman of the Senate of the International Association of Prosecutors, of which he is a Senator for Life.
Education and early career.
Cross was educated privately at Culford School (1959–1969), Suffolk, England, where he chaired the Debating Society. In 1973, he graduated in law from the University of Southampton, where, at different times, he chaired both the Conservative and Unionist Association and the Conservative Monday Club. He read for the Bar at the College of Law, Chancery Lane, London EC4 (1973–1974).
Cross was called to the Bar of England and Wales in 1974 by the Middle Temple, of which he was a Blackstone Entrance Exhibitioner (major), and was admitted in 1981 to the Bar of Hong Kong.
Cross practised on the South Eastern Circuit of England and Wales from the chambers of Jeffrey Thomas, QC, MP, at 3, Temple Gardens, London, EC4, from 1974 to 1976, and was then retained as an in-house prosecutor by HM Customs and Excise Department for England and Wales, from 1976 to 1978.
Cross joined the Attorney General's Chambers (now the Department of Justice) of Hong Kong as Crown Counsel in 1978.
Cross was the founding chairman of the Charles James Fox Society, of which Group Captain Maurice Fox-Strangways, 9th Earl of Ilchester, a descendant of the statesman, was patron, and the Society, which met annually at the Intrepid Fox public house, in Soho, and at the Fox memorial, in Bloomsbury Square, promoted an awareness of the life and achievements of the Whig leader and foreign secretary.
Career in public prosecutions.
As DPP, Cross, with the support of Secretary for Justice Elsie Leung, initiated a programme of modernisation, transparency and internationalisation, to promote the 'One country, two systems' formula in the area of public prosecutions. He introduced three strategic reviews, designed to strengthen his Office. He created a new sub-division for appellate advocacy, with a mandate to enhance the standards of prosecution in the appeal courts. He expanded his Office to develop its capacity to prosecute all types of crime, appointed Prosecution Policy Co-ordinators to provide expert advice within their portfolios, and created the Computer Crime Team. He established the Standing Committee on Disclosure, to keep the disclosure arrangements of prosecutors under regular review. He developed close links with victim groups, most notably Against Child Abuse, many of which met directly with prosecutors. He arranged advanced training courses for prosecutors at all levels, and introduced training seminars for private counsel who prosecute on the DPP's fiat. Close ties were also forged with prosecutors in other jurisdictions, and he lectured widely in Mainland China and Macao.
After taking office, Cross sought to make the work of prosecutors more understandable to the community, and to enhance prosecution techniques. He introduced an annual report ("The Yearly Review of the Prosecutions Division"), to promote transparency. He published detailed prosecution policy guidelines, to explain all aspects of public prosecutions ("The Statement of Prosecution Policy and Practice"). He issued tailor-made guidelines on how prosecutors should treat those affected by crime ("The Statement on the Treatment of Victims and Witnesses"). He produced specific guidance on best practice in the conduct of domestic violence cases ("The Policy for Prosecuting Cases involving Domestic Violence"). To enhance advocacy standards, he initiated a Criminal Advocacy Manual, as well as a Criminal Appeals Manual. So that prosecutors fully understood the duty of disclosure to the defence of relevant material, the Manual on Disclosure was issued for their reference. Cross also introduced a code identifying the standards required of expert witnesses ("The Code of Practice for Expert Witnesses Engaged by the Prosecuting Authority").
The decisions Cross took on particular cases sometimes aroused controversy, often intense, particularly in cases of non-prosecution, and this had certain consequences.
The decisions not to prosecute media tycoon Sally Aw for alleged circulation fraud, financial secretary Antony Leung for alleged misconduct in public office, student Godfrey Nguyen (the son of Cross's predecessor) for alleged possession of dangerous drugs, assistant housing director Poon Kai-Tik for alleged theft, legislative councillor James To for alleged misconduct over a constituency office, retired high court judge Michael Wong for alleged misuse of expenses, and bodyguards employed by the family of Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe for alleged assaults on journalists, attracted particular criticism in some quarters, including sections of the media and the political establishment. When pressed to explain these and other decisions, Cross responded that "Upholding the rule of law is not about winning popularity contests, but about doing what is right."
By contrast, the cases in which Cross authorised prosecution usually attracted only limited criticism, and were sometimes welcomed. These included the decisions to prosecute legislative councillor Gary Cheng for misconduct in public office, retired High Court judge Miles Jackson-Lipkin for social welfare fraud, pop star Nicholas Tse for attempting to pervert the course of public justice, socialite Pamela Peck for tax evasion, politician Chim Pui-Chung for cheating, tax chief Agnes Sin for dishonestly obtaining rental allowances, chief property manager Shum Kwok-Sher for misconduct in public office, and political activist Leung Kwok-Hung for holding an unauthorised assembly.
When it was announced in 2009 that Cross, who did not enjoy security of tenure, was to leave his post prematurely, speculation was rife that untoward influences had played a part, and that vested interests, upset by his decisions on particular cases, had brought pressure to bear. The lack of any obvious successor fuelled the speculation, as did the absence of any clear indication of support from his departmental head, Wong Yan-Lung, a political appointee. In response to questions from the "South China Morning Post" on 9 November 2009, Cross said "Of course, after 12 years, one makes powerful enemies, both within the government and outside, and the real surprise is not that I am going, but that I have managed to survive for so long." He added that the time had come for consideration to be given to the creation of the post of independent DPP, free of superintendence by a political appointee, as in England and Wales, and that the incumbent should have secure tenure. Cross opined that an independent DPP would not be incompatible with the Basic Law, Hong Kong's constitution.
Prior to his appointment as DPP, Cross served, from 1991 to 1997, as the Deputy DPP of Hong Kong, specialising in appellate advocacy. In that capacity, he prosecuted the last criminal case from Hong Kong to be heard by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council ("R v Peter Maclennan"), in June 1997, and the first criminal case to be heard by the Court of Final Appeal of Hong Kong ("HKSAR v Mui Po Chu"), in September 1997. He conducted twelve appeals before the Judicial Committee between 1988 and 1997, and, after the transfer of sovereignty of Hong Kong, he prosecuted six appeals before the Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal (and its Appeal Committee), which replaced the Judicial Committee as Hong Kong's ultimate appellate body on 1 July 1997.
In the post of Senior Assistant Crown Prosecutor, Cross headed the Criminal Appeals Unit of the (then) Legal Department of Hong Kong, from 1986 to 1991, and, prior to that, he was a general trial prosecutor in the Department, from 1978 to 1986.
Cross was appointed Queen's Counsel in 1990, becoming Senior Counsel in 1997, following the transfer of sovereignty of Hong Kong. Aged 38, he was the youngest prosecutor to have taken Silk in Hong Kong, a distinction that he retains.
From 1999 to 2010, Cross served as an Official Justice of the Peace (JP).
The Hong Kong Tourism Board appointed Cross as its Hong Kong Convention Ambassador for 2003 to 2005, and again for 2006 to 2007.
Cross has served as Chairman of the Committee on the Evidence of Children in Criminal Proceedings, Chairman of the Committee on Information Technology in Courts, and Chairman of the Committee on Costs in Criminal Proceedings, and he also served on the Law Reform Commission's Sub-committee on Arrest.
Cross was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star (SBS) in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Establishment Day Honours List 2010, for, according to the citation, his work for the government and the community, "particularly his valuable contribution to the development of prosecution services in Hong Kong and in raising the profile of the Hong Kong prosecution services in the international arena."
International work.
As DPP, Cross promoted contacts with prosecutors in other parts of China, as well as at the global level. On 1 January 2001, he led his Office into organisational membership of the International Association of Prosecutors, as its 75th organisational member. In 2004, he hosted the Association's 2nd Asia-Pacific Regional Conference, the theme of which was "Dealing with Drug Offenders." In 2007, he hosted the Association's 12th Annual Conference and General Meeting, the theme of which was "Relations with Others: Accountability, Transparency and Independence." In 2007, he was elected to the Executive Committee of the Association, for a 3-year term. On 7 September 2010, at a ceremony in The Hague, he received the Association's Certificate of Merit from the President of the Association, James Hamilton. He is currently serving in the Senate of the Association.
Later appointments.
After relinquishing his post as DPP, Cross, who had previously declined a judgeship in the High Court, accepted a series of law-related appointments. On 22 October 2009, he was appointed Special Counsel to the Secretary for Justice. On 23 April 2010, he was appointed Adjunct Professor of Law, Institute of Procedural Law Research, China University of Political Science and Law, Beijing. On 1 September 2010, he was appointed Honorary Professor of Law, Faculty of Law, The University of Hong Kong. On 7 September 2010, he was appointed a Senator for Life of the International Association of Prosecutors. On 28 September 2010, he was appointed Sentencing Editor of Hong Kong Cases (LexisNexis). On 11 February 2011, he was appointed Visiting Professor of Law, Faculty of Law, The Chinese University of Hong Kong. On 26 June 2011, he was elected the Vice-Chairman of the Senate of the International Association of Prosecutors. On 26 April 2013, he was appointed by the International Association of Prosecutors to chair its Standing Committee on Prosecutors in Difficulty. On 1 November 2013, he was appointed Honorary Consultant to the Child Protection Institute, by Against Child Abuse.
Editorships and published works.
Cross is the Co-author of Sentencing in Hong Kong, now in its sixth edition. He is the Sentencing Editor of Archbold Hong Kong. He serves on the Editorial Board of Hong Kong Cases. He was previously General Editor of the Criminal Appeals Bulletin (1986–2009), and Consultant Editor of Hong Kong Law Reports and Digest (1988–2006).
Personal life.
Cross is married to Elaine YL Tsui, PMSM, MCIL, an artist, and previously a Superintendent in the Hong Kong Police Force. He is the eldest son of Lt Col JA Cross (dec'd), formerly of the Intelligence Corps, the XXth (Lancashire) and the XIIth (Suffolk) Regiments of Foot, and Mrs D Cross (née Hyde). He is the godfather to Beatrix, Sarah and Larry.

</doc>
<doc id="18675164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675164" title="1st Mounted Rifles">
1st Mounted Rifles

The 1st Mounted Rifles (Canterbury Yeomanry Cavalry) was formed on March 17, 1911. They were mobilised during World War I as a squadron of the Canterbury Mounted Rifles Regiment. They served in the Middle Eastern theatre of World War I and first saw action during the Battle of Gallipoli.
As a part of the larger New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade (of the ANZAC Mounted Division) they went on to serve in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign.
Between the wars.
In 1921 they were amalgamated with the 8th (South Canterbury) Mounted Rifles and redesignated the Canterbury Yeomanry Cavalry. By 1942, the regiment, as 1st Light Armoured Fighting Vehicles Regiment (Canterbury Yeomanry Cavalry), was part of the 5th Division's divisional troops, located at Ashburton.
They were absorbed into the 3rd Armoured Regiment RNZAC on 29 March 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="18675185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675185" title="Hermann Hartmann">
Hermann Hartmann

Biography.
Hermann Hartmann has been a universal personality with highly developed intuition, admired as an excellent teacher and author of more than 250 scientific papers published in journals of physical and theoretical chemistry.
1933–1952.
In 1933 H. Hartmann started the study of chemistry in Munich, where he got strongly influenced and supported by Arnold Sommerfeld. 1939 he continued his studies in Frankfurt where he received his PhD 1941. In 1943 he habilitated on the applications of the Hückel theory. 1946 he became Docent in Frankfurt. Together with F. Ilse, his first student, he developed Ligand field theory a mayor advance in the understanding of complex compounds. In 1951 he became leader of a division in the Max-Planck-Institute for Physical Chemistry in Göttingen but returned to Frankfurt a year later.
1952–1962.
1952 Hartmann was appointed as Director of the Institute of Physical Chemistry at the University of Frankfurt. His research covered all areas of physical and theoretical chemistry. In his spectroscopic studies he applied all available techniques from x-ray, optical, infrared, microwave, NMR to mass spectrometry. His investigations of kinetic processes include reactions with peptides, organic radicals as well as studied on the influence of pressure and solvation. In his theoretical work Hartmann emphasis on exact solvable models (model quantum chemistry) rather than numerical ab initio calculations . His main book „Quantum mechanical theory of chemical bonding“ ( "Theorie der chemischen Bindung auf quantentheoretischer Grundlage") appeared 1954. Through his publications and lectures he influenced considerably the development of quantum chemistry in Germany.
1962–1972.
Through the support of the German Research Foundation (DFG) in the early 60th Hartmann could expand his group of researchers. Among the 20 theoreticists and about 100 scientists working and teaching at Hartmann's Institute were H. L. Schläfer, G. Gliemann, H. Sillescu, G.H. Kohlmeier, K. Helfrich, E. A. Reinsch, H. v. Hirschhausen, K. Jug, J. Heidberg, H. Heydmann, H. Kelm, H. W. Spiess.
With the support of his group Hartmann focused on getting students interested in theoretical chemistry by arranging regular summer schools in theoretical chemistry held mostly at Konstanz/Bodenseee.
1962 Hartmann started Theoretica Chimica Acta a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original research and review articles in theoretical chemistry. Articles could be submitted in English, German, French and also Latin, but only one article was ever written in Latin. 1984 shortly before his death Hartmann turned the editorship over to K. Ruedenberg, Iowa State University. After Ruedenberg's retirement 1997, the name of Theoretica Chimica Acta (TCA) was broadened to Theoretical Chemistry Accounts: Theory, Computation, and Modeling, still keeping its initials TCA, with the new editor Donald G. Truhlar, University of Minnesota. TCA documents the growth of the field of theoretical chemistry and contributed significantly to the progress of theoretical chemistry in Germany.
1965 Hartmann organized the first Theoretical Chemistry Symposia ( "Symposium für Theoretische Chemie"). The initial goal of the annual meetings was to provide a regular platform for theoreticians from Germany, Austria, and Switzerland to meet with experimentalist. In the organization committee Hartmann was supported by H. Labhart (Zürich), and 0.E. Polansky (Vienna) – to which at a later time W.A. Bingel (Göttingen), E. Ruch (Berlin), G. Wagniere (Zürich), and P. Schuster (Vienna) were added. Since 1992 the symposium organizer is selected by the Arbeitsgemeinschaft Theoretische Chemie (AGTC), founded to give this field a more official status in concert with the established professional organizations of chemistry, physical chemistry, and physics. The symposium is since then the annual meeting for theoretical chemists from the German speaking countries The location of these meetings varies in the series between Germany-Switzerland-Germany-Austria.
Through all the efforts initiated by H. Hartmann theoretical chemistry started to influence not only chemical research in Germany but slowly became an independent field for which new professorships were created at universities.
1972–1984.
In the 70th experimental research at the Hartmann Institute of physical chemistry focused on ion-molecule reactions using ion-cyclotron resonance spectroscopy with K.-P. Wanczek as leading researcher who 1976 became Professor at the University of Bremen. The theoretical foundations of this research were developed in collaboration with K.-M.. Chung, M. W. Morsy, and D. Schuch theoretical physicists working at Hartmann's Institute for Theoretical Chemistry. Since 1973 H. Hartmann also had a small research institute at his place of living in Glashütten (Taunus) supported by the Mainzer Akademie der Wissenschaften und Literatur. Together with K.-M. Chung, D. Schuch, W. Ulmer and B. Zeiger a unified understanding of molecular interactions was developed based on a nonlinear Schrödinger equation. Hartmann thereby pioneered the discovery of one self-interacting field as the foundation of chemistry. H. Hartman emerited in 1982 and died two years later.
H. Hartmann was honoured as member of the Deutsche Akademie der Naturforscher Leopoldina, the Gesellschaft Österreichischer Chemiker, the Accademia Nazionale die Lincei, the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters, the Comitato Premio of Fondazione Balzan, the International Academy of Quantum Molecular Science, and the Akademie der Wissenschaften und der Literatur zu Mainz.
External links and references.
The thinking of Hermann Hartmann is illustrated through the following selected publications from H. Hartmann and his research groups. Symmetry considerations, exactly solvable model potentials and perturbation theory are the three tools applied to typical chemical aspects of molecular behaviour resulting in the discovery of a self-interacting classical field of chemical bonding.
ISBN 90-277-0935-1 (90-277-0935-1)

</doc>
<doc id="18675189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675189" title="Queen Alexandra's 2nd (Wellington West Coast) Mounted Rifles">
Queen Alexandra's 2nd (Wellington West Coast) Mounted Rifles

The Queen Alexandra's 2nd (Wellington West Coast) Mounted Rifles was formed on March 17, 1911. They were mobilised during the Great War as a squadron of the Wellington Mounted Rifles Regiment. They served in the Middle Eastern theatre of World War I and first saw action during the Battle of Gallipoli.
As a part of the larger New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade (of the ANZAC Mounted Division) they went on to serve in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign.
Between the Wars.
In 1921 it became the 2nd New Zealand Mounted Rifles (Queen Alexandra's Wellington West Coast) and later still became Queen Alexandra's Mounted Rifles.

</doc>
<doc id="18675200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675200" title="3rd (Auckland) Mounted Rifles">
3rd (Auckland) Mounted Rifles

The 3rd (Auckland) Mounted Rifles was formed on March 17, 1911. They were mobilised during the First World War as a squadron of the Auckland Mounted Rifles Regiment. They served in the Middle Eastern theatre of World War I and first saw action during the Battle of Gallipoli.
As a part of the larger New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade (of the ANZAC Mounted Division) they went on to serve in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign.
Between the Wars.
They were renamed the 3rd New Zealand Mounted Rifles (Auckland) in 1921. This was later changed to Auckland (East Coast) Mounted Rifles, which became part of the 1st Armoured Regiment on 29 March 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="18675203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675203" title="Phoonk">
Phoonk

Phoonk is a 2008 Horror film directed by Ram Gopal Varma and produced by Praveen Nischol starring Sudeep. The film based on superstition and black magic, received critical acclaim upon release, and was declared a blockbuster.
Plot.
Phoonk is based upon the concept of black magic. Civil engineer and atheist Rajiv (Sudeep) lives in Mumbai with his family of wife Aarti (Amruta Khanvilkar) and two kids, Raksha (Ahsaas Channa) and Rohan (Shrey Bawa), with Rajiv's mother and the housemaid Laxmi(Anu Ansari). Rajiv's most trusted colleagues are Anshuman (Kenny Desai) and Madhu (Ashwini Kalsekar), whom everyone, including Rajiv's friend Vinay and Raksha feel are not normal. At a party at his house, when he comes to know that the husband and wife duo have cheated him on a valuable contract for an IT firm in Delhi, Rajiv fires both of them after insulting them both. Humiliated and angry at this, the two of them decide to take revenge on Rajiv. Madhu notes that Rajiv is very fond of Raksha.
Soon a series of strange events start to take place in and around Rajiv's house. Mandar (Bharat Kaul), who is appointed to take the place of Madhu and Anshuman is killed at the construction site mysteriously. Raksha starts to talk and behave weirdly, much to the shock of everyone. Doctors are called for, but the strange behaviour continues, with Raksha flying in the air, talking in a manly voice, acting in pain. The superstitious and religious grandmother repeatedly says that someone is using Black Magic on Raksha, but Rajiv and the doctors refuse to believe any of it. 
Now at the end of his wits, Rajiv begins to look to God. He also agrees to his construction laborers' demand of making a small shrine at the construction site, which he was previously adamantly turning down. Vinay suggests asking for the help of Manja,(Zakir Hussain), a magician familiar with this sort of stuff.
Manja analyzes the whole situation, sees Raksha, visits Rajiv's house, and tells the latter that someone is trying to take revenge on him, at which Vinay exclaims that it is none other than Madhu and Anshuman. Manja also tells them that Rajiv's driver has been helping the duo by providing them with mud and other material from the house for black magic.
Losing no more time, Rajiv, Vinay, Manja rush to Madhu's house, where she and Anshuman are found to be doing black magic rituals on a doll, supposedly an effigy of Raksha to trouble her. Rajiv orders Madhu to stop, but Madhu attacks him with a trishul. Vinay takes on Anshuman.
The effect of Black magic forces seep on the entire place, pushing everyone away. As Madhu is going to attack Rajiv who is being pushed towards the wall, Manja uses his powers to separate the running ceiling fan, which lands on Madhu's head, decapitating her. All the negative forces stop, a spider comes out of one of the skulls on the floor and bites the driver who dies.
Everyone rushes to the hospital to find that Raksha has completely recovered. Rajiv and Vinay see that everyone thinks it is the doctors who have cured Raksha, and they smile at each other.
Reviews and reception.
Ram Gopal Varma's Phoonk turned out to be a surprise hit at the box office. The movie opened up after an effective publicity campaign. It was a very low-budget film, which combined with its success at the box office, turned a good profit for its investors. It was very popular, especially among the youth, for the creator's Rs 5 Lakh challenge.
Critically, the movie received mixed reviews. Taran Adarsh gave it 4 out of 5 and said, "PHOONK is a fascinating cinematic experience on a subject that’s rarely tackled by the dream merchants in Bollywood: Black magic." AOL India reviewer Noyon Jyoti Parasara gave a negative review of the film saying, "Overall Phoonk scores low on the scare-o-meter."

</doc>
<doc id="18675213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675213" title="2006 Chennai Open">
2006 Chennai Open

The 2006 Chennai Open was an ATP tennis tournament held in Chennai, India. The tournament was held from January 2 to January 9.

</doc>
<doc id="18675222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675222" title="4th (Waikato) Mounted Rifles">
4th (Waikato) Mounted Rifles

The 4th (Waikato) Mounted Rifles was formed on March 17, 1911. They were mobilised during World War I and formed part of the Auckland Mounted Rifles Regiment, and served in the Middle Eastern theatre of World War I and first saw action during the Battle of Gallipoli.
As a part of the larger New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade (of the ANZAC Mounted Division) they went on to serve in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign.
Between the Wars.
They were renamed the 4th New Zealand Mounted Rifles (Waikato) in 1921 and later still Waikato Mounted Rifles, which was absorbed into the 1st Armoured Regiment, on the 29 March 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="18675232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675232" title="5th Mounted Rifles (Otago Hussars)">
5th Mounted Rifles (Otago Hussars)

The 5th Mounted Rifles (Otago Hussars) was formed on 17 March 1911. It formed part of the Otago Mounted Rifles Regiment so they saw service during the Battle of Gallipoli, Egypt. They later served in France with the New Zealand Division and were the only New Zealand Mounted troops to serve in France.
Between the Wars.
The unit amalgamated with 7th (Southland) Mounted Rifles and the 12th (Otago) Mounted Rifles to become the 5th New Zealand Mounted Rifles. They were redesignated the 5th New Zealand Mounted Rifles (Otago Hussars) 0n 4 August 1923 and in 1927 they became the Otago Mounted Rifles. 29 March 1944 saw them absorbed into the 3rd Armoured Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="18675244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675244" title="6th (Manawatu) Mounted Rifles">
6th (Manawatu) Mounted Rifles

The 6th (Manawatu) Mounted Rifles was formed on March 17, 1911. They were mobilised during World War I as a squadron of the Wellington Mounted Rifles Regiment. They served in the Middle Eastern theatre of World War I and first saw action during the Battle of Gallipoli.
As a part of the larger New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade (of the ANZAC Mounted Division), they went on to serve in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign.
Between the wars.
It was renamed the 6th New Zealand Mounted Rifles (Manawatu) in 1921 and later to the simple Manawatu Rifles, which was absorbed into 2nd Armoured Regiment on 29 March 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="18675250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675250" title="The Spanish Gardener (film)">
The Spanish Gardener (film)

The Spanish Gardener is a 1956 film based on the novel by A. J. Cronin, first published in 1950. The film stars Dirk Bogarde and Jon Whiteley, and was directed by Philip Leacock. The adaptation was filmed both at Pinewood Studios, situated to the west of London, and in S'Agaro, on the Costa Brava. In 1958 and 1967, the story was adapted for Brazilian television by TV Tupi.
The film was entered into the 7th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18675252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675252" title="7th (Southland) Mounted Rifles">
7th (Southland) Mounted Rifles

The 7th (Southland) Mounted Rifles was raised on 17 March 1911. During World War I they formed part of the Otago Mounted Rifles Regiment and served in the Battle of Gallipoli and was then withdrawn to Egypt. They would later serve in France, with the New Zealand Division.
Between the Wars.
They amalgamated with the 5th Mounted Rifles (Otago Hussars) and the 12th (Otago) Mounted Rifles to become the 5th New Zealand Mounted Rifles in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="18675253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675253" title="Iris Falcón">
Iris Falcón

Iris Rocio Falcón Dorita (born November 1, 1973) is a retired female volleyball player from Peru, who twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics: 1996 and 2000. She also competed at the 1998 FIVB World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18675256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675256" title="Hiloni">
Hiloni

Hiloni (), plural "hilonim" (), derived from the Hebrew word "hulin", meaning "secular" or "mundane," is the term used in Israel for non-religious Jews.
As natives of Israel, "hilonim" speak Hebrew. As Israel is a Jewish state, many "hilonim" observe national holidays and customs, such as Israel's Independence Day, and Holocaust Remembrance Day.
History of secularism in Israel.
The concept of Modern-day Political Zionism, in itself, was founded largely upon secular beliefs and values. Theodor Herzl, founder of the Modern Day Zionist movement, was an assimilated Austrian Jew. At first, most of those immigrating to Palestine were Orthodox Jews who immigrated due to the holiness of the land and their wish to be buried in Jerusalem (due to the belief that The Messiah will resurrect those interred in Jerusalem first before the rest of the world). With the onset of numerous pogroms throughout Eastern Europe, many Jews citing security, freedom of religion, and strong Zionist affinities left their surrogate lands to settle in their native homeland, the Land of Israel. During the first wave (1882–1903) of Zionist aliyah, and especially during the Second Aliyah (1904–1914) the Jewish population of Ottoman Palestine, consisting mainly of secular or nontraditional Jews, greatly increased. These "olim" (immigrants) founded cities such as Tel Aviv and established kibbutzim which were based around ideas of socialism, not necessarily connected to Judaism as a religion or a set of values. As the number of new immigrants increased so did the proportion of secular Jews. Up to, and during the Establishment of The State of Israel, the number of religious Jews was relatively minor.
In 1987, the breakdown of Jews in Israel was estimated to be 45% secular, 35% "traditional" (not strictly observant, mostly Sephardic), 15% "dati" (Orthodox) and 5% Haredi (ultra-Orthodox).
Conflict with observant (or more traditional) Jews.
The "hilonim" of Israel are embroiled in many disagreements with the religious, particularly Haredi, population. The conflicts resonate from the Haredim's unwillingness to serve in the IDF, the Haredi groups that oppose the state of Israel, the Haredi lobby's support of the ban on pork in Israel, and the mandatory closing of all stores on Shabbat.

</doc>
<doc id="18675259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675259" title="Jennifer Lauret">
Jennifer Lauret

Jennifer Lauret (born January 1, 1980, Toulouse, France) is an actress in French language cinema. She has starred in several television series and movies.
Biography.
Lauret began her career as a child actress in television advertising for Barbie in 1986, in a secondary role in the television series Marc et Sophie, and in theater with actors such as Patrick Chesnais.
Her career finally took off with the role of Penelope in Patrick Braoudé's "Génial, mes parents divorcent" ("Brilliant, my parents are divorced"). She then won numerous roles on television, most notably "Une famille formidable" ("A marvelous family") and Julie Lescaut with the respective roles of Frederick Beaumont and Sarah (the eldest daughter Julie Lescaut).
She has given birth to four daughters, Shaana, Carla, Anna, and Nell.

</doc>
<doc id="18675271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675271" title="8th (South Canterbury) Mounted Rifles">
8th (South Canterbury) Mounted Rifles

The 8th (South Canterbury) Mounted Rifles was formed on March 17, 1911. They were mobilised during World War I as a squadron of the Canterbury Mounted Rifles Regiment. They served in the Middle Eastern theatre of World War I and first saw action during the Battle of Gallipoli.
As a part of the larger New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade (of the ANZAC Mounted Division) they went on to serve in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign.
Between the Wars.
In 1921 they amalgamated with the 1st Mounted Rifles (Canterbury Yeomanry Cavalry) and became the 1st New Zealand Mounted Rifles (Canterbury Yeomanry Cavalry).

</doc>
<doc id="18675280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675280" title="9th (Wellington East Coast) Mounted Rifles">
9th (Wellington East Coast) Mounted Rifles

The 9th (Wellington East Coast) Mounted Rifles was formed on March 17, 1911. They were mobilised during World War I as a squadron of the Wellington Mounted Rifles Regiment. They served in the Middle Eastern theatre of World War I and first saw action during the Battle of Gallipoli.
As a part of the larger New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade (of the ANZAC Mounted Division) they went on to serve in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign.
Between the Wars.
In 1921 they became the 7th New Zealand Mounted Rifles (Wellington East Coast) and later still became the Wellington East Coast Mounted Rifles, which was later was absorbed into the 2nd Armoured Regiment, on the 29 March 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="18675285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675285" title="Alina Orlova">
Alina Orlova

Alina Orlova (real name Alina Orlovskaya, born June 28, 1988) is a Lithuanian sung poetry singer and musician. She is of mixed Polish-Russian heritage.
Performing career.
Orlova both composes her own songs and performs other musicians' cover versions. She generally performs in three languages - Lithuanian, Russian and English.
Orlova's fame preceded her first studio album when she was awarded an alternative music award "A.LT" back in her home country, whilst at the same time also being named a "Breakthrough of the year 2006". Her song "Nesvarbu" was voted by the readers of highly popular Lithuanian youth magazine "Pravda" as the best debut of the year.
In 2008 her debut album "Laukinis šuo dingo" ("The Wild Dog Dingo", named after a Russian book by Ruvim Fraerman for school children about teenage love) was released under the "MetroMusic" label and presented in Vilnius St.Catherine church on January 22; a week later she had a similar concert in Kaunas State Drama Theatre. Later the same year Orlova held concerts in Russia, London, Liverpool. According to her fansite, she is going to perform in Poland, Ireland, participate at Europavox festival in France, and elsewhere.
Orlova received positive recognition both worldwide and in Lithuania where she is seen as a huge success - her "cozy" gigs are highly anticipated there. According to music critics, Orlova has a
""high-trilling voice and a unique line in exhilaratingly dark, Baltic folk pop"". Noticed by the Travis front-man Fran Healy, Alina's song "Vaiduokliai" was picked up as one of the seven tracks to be featured on the digital-only EP, entitled "Play. Stop. Rewind" released worldwide by LIPA Records.
Discography.
Albums.
1. Lovesong
2. Vaiduokliai
3. Lijo
4. Paskutinio Mamuto daina
5. Žeme, sukis greitai
6. Po tiltu
7. Nojus
8. Transatlantic Love
9. Utomlionnoe Solnce
10. Slepynes
11. Spi
12. Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star
13. Menulis
14. Nesvarbu
15. Vasaris
16. Ramuma
1. Širdis
2. Šilkas
3. Лихорадка
4. Stars
5. Vaikelis
6. Bobby
7. Чудеса
8. Anyway
9. Kibirkštėlė
10. Amerika
11. Ajajai
12. Čia
13. Fireflies
14. Forewa

</doc>
<doc id="18675288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675288" title="10th (Nelson) Mounted Rifles">
10th (Nelson) Mounted Rifles

The 10th (Nelson) Mounted Rifles, previously known as the 1st Regiment, Nelson Mounted Rifles is a military unit based in Nelson, New Zealand. They served in the Middle Eastern theatre of World War I and first saw action during the Battle of Gallipoli. As a part of the larger New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade (of the ANZAC Mounted Division) they went on to serve in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign.
History.
Originally formed as the 1st Regiment, Nelson Mounted Rifles on 1 October 1901 with its headquarters in Nelson from the existing volunteer squadrons:
First World War.
The unit was renamed the 10th (Nelson) Mounted Rifles on 17 March 1911. They were mobilised during World War I as a squadron of the Canterbury Mounted Rifles Regiment. 
Between the wars.
In 1917 they were renamed the 10th (Nelson and Marlborough) Mounted Rifle Regiment and in 1921 became The Nelson-Marlborough Mounted Rifles.
Second World War.
The regiment began mobilisation for war in 1941 as the cavalry regiment of 11th Brigade Group, 5th Division. On 1 January 1942 was renamed the 10th Light Armoured Fighting Vehicles Regiment (Nelson-Marlborough Mounted Rifles). On 29 March 1944, 10th Light Armoured Fighting Vehicles Regiment (Nelson-Marlborough Mounted Rifles) was absorbed into the 3rd Armoured Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="18675293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675293" title="11th (North Auckland) Mounted Rifles">
11th (North Auckland) Mounted Rifles

The 11th (North Auckland) Mounted Rifles was formed on 17 March 1911. They were mobilised during World War I as a squadron of the Auckland Mounted Rifles Regiment. They served in the Middle Eastern theatre of World War I and first saw action during the Battle of Gallipoli.
As a part of the larger New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade (of the ANZAC Mounted Division) they went on to serve in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign.
Between the wars.
They became the 9th New Zealand Mounted Rifles (North Auckland) in 1921 and later was renamed the North Auckland Mounted Rifles, which was absorbed into the 1st Armoured Regiment, on 29 March 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="18675299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675299" title="12th (Otago) Mounted Rifles">
12th (Otago) Mounted Rifles

The 12th (Otago) Mounted Rifles was formed 17 March 1911. During World War I they formed part of the Otago Mounted Rifles Regiment and saw service during the Battle of Gallipoli, afterwards they were withdrawn to Egypt and later were the only New Zealand Mounted troops to serve in France with the New Zealand Division.
Between the wars.
They amalgamated with the 5th Mounted Rifles (Otago Hussars) and the 7th (Southland) Mounted Rifles to become the 5th New Zealand Mounted Rifles in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="18675321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675321" title="UniquePhones">
UniquePhones

UniquePhones is a cell phone unlocking provider, founded in 2002. The company is headquartered in New York City.
History.
In 2002, UniquePhones began to offer instant unlocking services online. This service was mainly for Nokia handsets. 25,000 handsets were unlocked per day. This service ended in 2005.
In August 2007, UniquePhones announced an unlocking service for the iPhone. The service was retracted one week later, after the company received a phone call from a lawyer representing AT&T.

</doc>
<doc id="18675335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675335" title="Francis Mezger">
Francis Mezger

Francis Mezger (25 October 1632 – 11 December 1701) was an Austrian Benedictine academic and writer, of St. Peter's Archabbey, Salzburg.
Life.
Mezger was born at Ingolstadt. He took vows in 1651, and was ordained priest in 1657. He taught philosophy at the University of Salzburg in 1659, and became regent of the "convictus" and secretary of the university in 1661. He taught philosophy again from 1663 to 1665; and then moral theology until 1668. 
From 1669 to 1688 he taught various branches at the Bavarian monastery of Ettal and at his own monastery. From 1688 until his death he was master of novices and director of clerics at his monastery. He died at Salzburg.
He wrote the following philosophical treatises:
The following are some of his translations: 

</doc>
<doc id="18675345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675345" title="Carlos Berrocal">
Carlos Berrocal

Carlos Berrocal (born May 18, 1957) is a former backstroke and freestyle swimmer from Puerto Rico. He competed for his native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montréal, Canada. 
Two years later Berrocal won the bronze medal in the Men's 4x100m Medley Relay at the 1979 Pan American Games, alongside Orlando Gatinchi, Arnaldo Pérez, and Fernando J. Canales. He was one of the Torch Lighters at the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games. The Natatorio RUM now bears his name.

</doc>
<doc id="18675348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675348" title="Plavis">
Plavis

Plavis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18675358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675358" title="Acid radical">
Acid radical

An acid radical is an anion left after removal of hydrogen cation from an acid, for example and .

</doc>
<doc id="18675374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675374" title="Arnaldo Pérez">
Arnaldo Pérez

Arnaldo Pérez (born October 28, 1958) is a former butterfly and freestyle swimmer from Puerto Rico. He competed for his native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montréal, Canada, aged seventeen. 
Two years later, Pérez won the bronze medal in the Men's 4x100m Medley Relay at the 1979 Pan American Games, alongside Orlando Gatinchi, Carlos Berrocal, and Fernando J. Canales.

</doc>
<doc id="18675377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675377" title="Canterbury Mounted Rifles Regiment">
Canterbury Mounted Rifles Regiment

The Canterbury Mounted Rifles Regiment was a mounted infantry regiment from New Zealand, raised for service during the First World War. It was assigned to the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade, and formed part of the New Zealand Expeditionary Force.
The regiment, with an establishment of twenty-six officers, 523 other ranks and 600 horses, was formed from three squadrons belonging to pre-war Territorial Force regiments: the 1st Mounted Rifles (Canterbury Yeomanry Cavalry), the 8th (South Canterbury) Mounted Rifles and the 10th (Nelson) Mounted Rifles. It also included a small headquarters and, until 1916, a Maxim machine-gun section. The Maxim guns were withdrawn but the regiment's fire-power increased during the war, and by the end of the conflict each squadron had four Hotchkiss machine-guns, one per troop.
Being mounted infantry the regiment rode into battle on their horses, but were expected to dismount and fight on foot. The regiment fought predominantly against the forces of the Ottoman Turkish Empire. Their first involvement came in the Gallipoli Campaign between May and December 1915, during which they participated in the largest battle of that theatre at Chunuk Bair and the fighting for Hill 60. Evacuated to Egypt, they then took part in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign from 1916 to 1918. The early battles they were involved in included those at Romani, Gaza and Beersheba. Later in the war they were part of the force that occupied the Jordan Valley, and took part in the raids on Amman and Es Salt. Their final wartime operation was in connection with the capture of the Turkish Fourth Army. During the four years of war the regiment lost 334 men dead from all causes, while another 720 were wounded or debilitated. After the war, the regiment played a minor role in the Egyptian Revolution of 1919, before being disbanded in June 1919.
History.
Formation.
Raised on 12 August 1914, at the start of the First World War, the Canterbury Mounted Rifles Regiment came from the Canterbury Region on the South Island of New Zealand. Commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel John Findlay, it was composed of a headquarters, a machine-gun section and three squadrons, formed from Territorial Force regiments. The New Zealand Territorial Force included a compulsory training system, and the four Military Districts were required to supply a mounted regiment for the New Zealand Expeditionary Force. To meet that obligation, the Territorial Force regiments each provided a squadron, which kept their own regimental badges and traditions. The regiment's squadrons came from the 1st Mounted Rifles (Canterbury Yeomanry Cavalry) (1st Squadron), the 8th (South Canterbury) Mounted Rifles (8th Squadron) and the 10th (Nelson) Mounted Rifles (10th Squadron). The establishment was fixed at twenty-six officers and 523 other ranks, who used 528 riding horses, seventy-four draught horses and six pack horses. Each squadron, of 158 men, had a field headquarters and four troops. The Machine-Gun Section, with two Maxim Guns, had one officer, twenty-six other ranks, twenty riding horses and sixteen draught horses. Even though the regiment used horses, they were not cavalry but mounted infantry, and expected to ride to the battlefield, dismount and then fight as traditional infantry. Attached to, but not part of, the regiment were medical and veterinary officers, an artificer, three more other ranks and another eighteen horses. The regiment was assigned to the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade, serving alongside two other regiments: the Auckland Mounted Rifles and the Wellington Mounted Rifles.
Embarkation.
On 23 September the regiment left their camp for Lyttelton and embarked on the transport ships HMNZT "Tahiti" and HMNZT "Athenic". Leaving the same day, they arrived at Wellington the next afternoon, and disembarked the troops. On 14 October they boarded the transports again and set sail. With a short stop at Hobart, on 28 October they arrived at Albany, and anchored waiting to be joined by the Australian contingent. The combined convoy sailed on 1 November and reached Colombo on 15 November. Two days later it sailed into the Red Sea, and the Suez Canal. Docking at Port Said on 2 December and Alexandria the next day, the regiment disembarked on 4 December and boarded a train for their camp in the Cairo suburb of Zeitoun where they started a training programme, using the desert for manoeuvres, during both day and night.
Gallipoli.
In Egypt the regiment continued its training programme, working from reveille at 05:00 to 17:30 when they stabled their horses at the end of the working day. Every third or fourth night the soldiers performed guard duty or looked after the horses. It was in Egypt that the regiment, and brigade, came under command of the newly formed New Zealand and Australian Division which, along with the 1st Division, made up the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps (ANZAC). In April 1915, the division's infantry units left Egypt for an undisclosed destination, and it was not until 1 May that the regiment learned about the Gallipoli landings. Four days later the regiment received news that it would also deploy to Gallipoli, but in a dismounted role without their horses. On 7 May, twenty-six officers and 482 other ranks (some men remaining behind to look after their horses) boarded trains for Alexandria to board their transports. They arrived off the Gallipoli peninsula on 12 May, and started to disembark, landing at Anzac Cove. By now the troops had been re-equipped for their dismounted role, and carried a rifle with two hundred rounds of ammunition, a small pack, a haversack, mess tins, a bayonet, and an entrenching tool. Once ashore, the regiment camped that night behind the front line.
The next day, they moved to the left flank in the north to relieve the Royal Naval Brigade. Their trenches stretched from the sea to Walkers Ridge and included two outposts, No.1 Post and No.2 Post. The regiment took over on the extreme right, with one squadron in the front line, one squadron in the support trench and the third squadron as the reserve. Next in line to their right, was the Auckland Mounted Rifles, and then the Wellington Mounted Rifles on the left. However, the regiment had to wait until it got dark before sending men forward to man the two outposts.
First combat.
The regiment's first experience of combat started at midnight on 18/19 March when their Turkish opponents opened fire on their trenches. The main assault, in the brigade's sector, was against the Auckland Mounted Rifles; to support them the regiment sent two troops from the 1st and 10th Squadrons and one troop from the 8th Squadron to form their reserve. At daylight, the men manning No.1 Post could see a group of Turks concentrating around "The Nek" and opened fire on them with a machine-gun, forcing them to withdraw. The Turkish attack continued until that afternoon, when it gradually petered out. It was later estimated that 42,000 Turkish troops had been involved in the attack on the ANZAC beach-head, and by the end of the day 10,000 of them had become casualties. Later that day white flags were observed over the Turkish trenches, and some of their men wandered into no man's land. This was considered a ruse to retrieve arms and ammunition off the dead and to bring forward reinforcements, so the Turks were warned to return to their trenches as the New Zealanders were going to open fire again. A real armistice was arranged for 24 May, between 07:30 and 16:30, when the wounded were brought to safety and the dead buried. Squadrons settled into a routine with twenty-four hours in No.1 and No.2 Posts, twenty-four hours in the main trenches and twenty-four hours in support, then back to the outposts. Their first offensive action came on 28 May, when it was still dark. The Turks had built an outpost only from No.2 Post, so the 1st Squadron charged and captured the position. Once it was secured, the 6th Squadron from the Wellington Mounted Rifles provided the garrison for what was now called No.3 Post. They had some difficulties defending it, as the Turks launched a counter-attack to recapture it. After a battle lasting until the next day the 10th Squadron and two troops from the 8th Squadron managed to relieve the Wellington Regiment's survivors and take over the defence of the post. Shortly after the relief, it was decided that the position was untenable and it was abandoned. Casualties gradually mounted and the regiment's first replacements, three officers and forty-four other ranks, arrived at the end of June.
Chunuk Bair.
The objective of the British August offensive was to seize Chunuk Bair, a high point in the Sari Bair mountain range. The New Zealand and Australian Division would provide the attacking force. The initial attack was to clear the Turks from the foothills; this task was given to the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade, reinforced by the Maori Pioneer Battalion. The regiment, together with the Otago Mounted Rifles, was to clear Chailak Dere valley, then advance to Aghyl Dere in the north. They also had to capture Taylor's Hollow and Walden's Point, then turn east to capture Beauchop Hill. To reduce noise and maintain stealth, they were ordered to use only their bayonets. At 20:00 on 5 August, the 296 men of the regiment moved forward to No.2 Post in preparation for the attack, which was due to start at 21:00 the next night. Their assault started on time, with the 1st and 10th Squadrons forward, followed by the 8th Squadron and Machine-Gun Section in reserve. The leading men met and killed four Turks in an observation post. Then with still around to go, a destroyer's searchlight beam lit up the advancing men, and a Turkish machine-gun opened fire on them. The 10th Squadron charged straight into the Turkish trench, while the 1st Squadron managed to manoeuvre around and attack the machine-gun from the rear. They achieved this without firing a shot or making a sound, and then advanced towards their last objective, Beauchop Hill. The hill was also captured, and the survivors started to dig in. Although it had taken all its objectives, the regiment had around forty per cent casualties, including the commanding officer, who was wounded, and the second in command, Major Overton, who had been killed. While digging in they were able to observe the rest of the battle, which did not seem to be going well. By the next day, 7 August, Turkish reinforcements were arriving at Chunuk Bair and the attack had failed. Since the start of the battle they had lost twenty-four men dead and sixty men wounded. Now commanded by Major Hutton, from the 10th Squadron, the regiment remained on Bauchop Hill in defence until 15 August, when they moved back to the entrance of Aghyl Dere, then later moved forward and occupied an old Turkish trench.
Hill 60.
At 15:30 on 21 August the Battle for Hill 60 began. Charging straight at the hill, the regiment suffered sixty per cent casualties, among them Hutton in command. He was replaced by Major Hurst, from the 1st Squadron, and they succeeded in capturing the Turkish trench within fifteen minutes of going over the top. But on either side of them the rest of the attack had failed, leaving the regiment and the Otago Mounted Rifles isolated from the rest of the force. Not having the manpower to continue the assault, they were ordered to dig in and hold the position. They held on until 23 August when they were relieved by the Auckland and Wellington Mounted Rifles.
Three days later the regiment returned to their previous position to continue the assault. The attack began at 17:00 on 27 August with the regiment leading the brigade. They charged across the of open ground and into the first Turkish trench. Within minutes they were up and on their way again, and captured the second and third trenches, which they defended all night and through the next day. Casualties had been high; from the 119 men who had started the assault there were now only eighteen left, commanded by the only officer, Captain Gibbs. The brigade's other regiments were in a similar state, but they remained in the trenches until they were relieved after dark on 29 August.
Lemnos.
On 13 September, the brigade, less its machine gunners, was relieved by the 5th Australian Brigade and sailed to the island of Lemnos to rest and recuperate. The regiment's strength was now just one officer and thirty-nine other ranks, twelve of whom were machine-gunners who had to remain at Gallipoli. By now, including the original contingent and their replacements, a total of thirty-two officers and 645 other ranks had served with the regiment at Gallipoli. On arrival the regiment came under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel George Stewart. By early October, replacements started arriving to bring the regiment back up to almost full strength. At the end of the month Stewart was evacuated sick, and Major John Studholme, the senior officer with the replacements, assumed temporary command of the regiment. On 10 November they returned to Gallipoli, camping that first night at Bauchop Hill.
Evacuation.
The regiment spent their time building winter quarters, and tunnelling into the hillside to provide protection against shellfire, doing so until 27 November when they moved back into the front line. On 9 December, Major Christopher Powles, the Brigade-Major, took over command of the regiment, with Studholme as the second in command. Three days later, the order for the complete evacuation of the peninsula was issued. Men with minor ailments left first, followed by one regiment or battalion from each brigade. The Auckland Mounted Rifles were chosen as the first regiment to leave from the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade, which meant that the Canterbury Mounted Rifles had to extend its lines to cover for the Aucklanders. The last men were due to leave over the night of 19/20 December.
The regiment now numbered fourteen officers and 290 other ranks, which was to be reduced to nine officers and 163 men, the rest being among the first batch to be evacuated on 18 December. The remainder were divided in three groups. The first group, of three officers and ninety men, left the front for the embarkation beach at 17:30 the next day. They were followed by the second smaller group of three officers and forty-two men at 21:35. The last group, three officers and thirty-one men, had to cover for the whole regiment, keeping up a steady rate of fire and moving their one Maxim-gun around the position to support the deception that all defences were fully manned. This last group was also divided into three parts, the first of which left at 01:45 on 20 December. They were followed by the next group who waited ten minutes before withdrawing. The last small group of men left at 02:05, and reached the beach, without incident, at 03:30. The regiment sailed again to Lemnos, and on 22 December to Egypt, arriving at Alexandria on 26 December, and eventually returned to their old camp at Zeitoun.
Sinai.
In Egypt reinforcements brought the regiment back up to full strength plus an added ten per cent, and the Machine-Gun Section was doubled in size from two to four guns. Another change was the appointment of Major James Whyte of the Wellington Mounted Rifles as commanding officer. On 23 January 1916 the regiment left Zeitoun to take up a new defensive post on the Suez Canal to the east. While there, Findlay, having recovered from his wounds, returned as commanding officer on 19 February. By 7 March the regiment was once more ready for operations and moved into the front line, at Railhead Ferrypost on the canal. Later that month, the brigade was assigned to the ANZAC Mounted Division.
Katia.
Without any notice the regiment, and brigade, was ordered to Kantara, away on the Suez Canal, at 20:00 on 23 April. The reason was not then known by the troopers, but it later transpired that a Turkish force in the Sinai Desert had attacked British yeomanry positions at Katia and Oghratina. They reached Kantara at 07:00 and an hour later moved into the desert, camping at Hill 70 for the night. They sent reconnaissance patrols out into the desert, and manned observation posts. On 10 May the regiment was ordered to Romani and the next day to El Maler. Patrol activity was kept up, most of the time at troop strength, but sometimes involving the complete brigade. On 15 May the regiment carried out a reconnaissance of Oghratina and Bir el Abd, and for the first time sighted a hostile force in the desert; they did not manage to engage them. The next day several men had to be evacuated, suffering from heat exhaustion, as temperatures reached . This convinced Findlay to cut their patrol short, and travelling overnight they arrived back at Maler early on 17 May. Over the next weeks their patrols continued, to acclimatise the men to desert travel and conditions. Early in July, the regiment lost its machine-gun section when it was transferred to form the brigade Machine-Gun Squadron. On 19 July reconnaissance aircraft spotted a large Turkish force moving west across the desert.
Romani.
Just after midnight on 4 August the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades were attacked at Romani. At 08:00, the regiment, acting as the brigade vanguard, advanced towards Dueidar; at the same time they could hear firing in the distance from Romani. By 10:30 they were approaching the Turkish position on Mount Royston, and the regiment opened out to attack, with the 8th Squadron positioned on the left, the 1st in the centre, and the 10th on the right, with the Auckland Mounted Rifles following in support. The 5th Light Horse Regiment, who were supposed to be to the left of the 8th Squadron, had not yet arrived. The assault commenced at 15:00, supported by the Somerset Battery Royal Horse Artillery, and by 17:30 they had driven the Turks off Mount Royston. The brigade captured an artillery battery and over 1,000 prisoners. The regiment's casualties during the battle were one dead and fifteen wounded. The next day at 03:30 they moved to Katia, which was believed to be occupied by a large Turkish force. On arrival, the brigade galloped forward, attacking from the south. When they got close the regiment dismounted and continued on foot. Fighting all day, they waited in vain for the 3rd Light Horse Brigade to support the assault. Still holding their ground at 20:00, they had to retire and return to Bir et Maler to water their horses. Their casualties were two dead and fifteen wounded.
The Turkish force withdrew towards Katia, which by the time the regiment's reconnaissance patrol got there had been abandoned; the Turks were heading towards Oghratina. Once the enemy were located, the regiment kept patrols in contact with them overnight and all during the next day while the Turks withdrew to Negilia. By 8 August the enemy had reached Bir el Abd, where they established defences and were waiting for the New Zealanders.
Abd.
Before dawn on 9 August the regiment was behind the Auckland Mounted Rifles heading towards Abd. The brigade was to attack head on, while the rest of the division circled around to attack the flanks. At 05:30 the Aucklands were engaged by the Turkish defenders, so the 8th Squadron was sent forward on their left to assist, and immediately came under fire. To support them the 1st and 10th Squadrons moved up on the left. The 8th Squadron advanced and captured a ridge line facing east, followed soon after by the other squadrons occupying the high ground to the west of Abd. From there they could see the Turkish defences, which consisted of trenches and redoubts, supported by artillery that kept up a steady rate of fire on the regiment. At 06:00 the Turks left their trenches to counter-attack the regiment, but were stopped by small arms fire and the attached Somerset Battery Royal Horse Artillery. The regiment then moved downhill towards Abd, but were faced with heavy Turkish artillery fire, which by 10:30 had stopped the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades to their left. At noon a second Turkish counter-attack came in waves towards the regiment's lines. They managed to fight them off, with heavy casualties. By 14:00 the Turks were attacking all the division's brigades in strength. The 1st and 2nd Light Horse in the north and the 3rd in the south began to retire, leaving the New Zealanders' position exposed on the flanks. Only by keeping up a heavy rate of small arms and artillery fire did they hold off the enemy. At 17:30, the divisional commander Harry Chauvel called off the attack and ordered a withdrawal, but as the New Zealanders were in danger of being overrun the withdrawal was postponed until dark, with the regiment forming a rearguard. The battle cost the regiment nine dead, twenty-two wounded and six men missing in action.
The brigade withdrew to Debabis, caring for their wounded and resting for the next two days. On 12 August, they moved back to Abd, which had been evacuated by the Turks. Sending out reconnaissance patrols, they located the Turkish rearguard west of Salamana. Not being in a position to attack, they observed them until dusk, when the Turks moved further east to El Arish.
Magdhaba.
On 20 December, in response to reports that the Turks had evacuated El Arish, the regiment started moving overnight towards the village. Advance patrols discovered that the Turks had withdrawn along the Wadi el Arish to Magdhaba. By dawn 23 December the regiment reached the wadi and joined up with the rest of the division, now heading towards Magdhaba.
By 05:00 they could see the Turkish position; the brigade was ordered to move around and approach it from the north. Five hours later the brigade had reached a position to start their attack, with the Canterbury regiment on the brigade's left. Dismounted, the squadrons advanced in turn, covered by their machine-guns. At 15:00, when they were within of the Turkish lines, they were able to charge, with bayonets fixed, and captured the Turkish trench. One by one the Turkish redoubts were captured, before nightfall. The regiment's casualties were light, at two dead and eleven wounded.
Rafa.
By the end of the year the Turkish forces had been pushed out of the Sinai, and in January 1917, orders were given for the division to attack Rafa on the Egyptian–Palestine border. By dawn on 9 January, the regiment and division had reached the border, and the brigade manoeuvred to attack Rafa from the north-east. The 8th Squadron, leading the regiment, was moving around to the north of village, when the Turkish defenders opened fire on them. The regiment galloped forward, and one of their troops captured fifty prisoners at a police post. The remainder captured an uncompleted trench system, and another 171 prisoners, six of them German officers. The regiment was now position to block the Turkish withdrawal east, and were also able to observe the main Turkish defences.
The regiment started advancing towards the village, the 8th Squadron on the left, and the 10th with the 1st Squadron on the right. Covered by their machine-guns, but under heavy Turkish fire, they gradually moved forward on foot. Troops took turns to run forward while the rest of the squadron covered them. The intensity of the battle was demonstrated by the Inverness Battery Royal Horse Artillery, which was supporting the brigade and ran out of ammunition at 14:00. Two hours later the division's covering force reported Turkish reinforcements approaching, and Lieutenant-General Philip Chetwode, who was commanding the attack, decided to call it off. Almost simultaneously Edward Chaytor, commanding the brigade, ordered another attack. Covered by their machine-guns the men carried out a bayonet charge and the Turks to their front surrendered. By this time the other brigades had started to withdraw, but seeing what had happened, they turned back and also charge, capturing the position. The battle cost the regiment six dead and nineteen wounded.
Palestine.
Gaza.
The British plan for Gaza required the ANZAC Mounted Division to circle around by night and block Turkish reinforcements getting to the town. On 26 March at 02:30, the brigade left camp in a heavy fog and crossed the Wadi Ghuzze south-east of Gaza. They soon reached their positions with the brigade, between the 2nd Light Horse and 22nd Mounted Brigades, and waited for the infantry divisions to assault the town. At 14:00, as the infantry were having problems, the brigade were ordered to attack. The regiment galloped towards the town, with the Wellington Mounted Rifles on their right and the Auckland Mounted Rifles in reserve. Once there, the regiment moved south along a ridge and attacked the garrison at Ali Muntar. This hilltop could command the approaches into Gaza. They soon captured the outlying Turkish trenches, forcing the defenders back towards the town. At 18:40 the 10th Squadron reached the hill top at the same time as the 53rd (Welsh) Division, who had been trying all day to take the position from the other side. Despite having captured a commanding position, both the regiment and the infantry division were ordered to withdraw. Turkish reinforcements had been reported en route, and the overall commander did not believe they could hold what they had captured. The regiment retired back the way they had come, and reached Belah just after midnight the next day. Casualties for the day were one dead and six wounded.
Wadi Ghuzee line.
On 3 April the squadrons were issued Hotchkiss machine-guns, one per troop. After the British withdrawal, the Turks built a defensive line of trenches and redoubts, from the sea south of Gaza to Beersheba, following the route of the road. The British plan for the second attack involved the ANZAC Mounted Division providing flank protection, intercepting any reinforcements, and pursuing the retreating Turkish forces if required.
The regiment moved out at 18:30 on 16 April, forming the vanguard for the division. At 04:30 the next morning the 10th Squadron, in the lead, crossed the Wadi Ghuzee at Shellal. Their only opposition came from enemy aircraft which bombed the division. Breaking out into an extended line, they reconnoitred towards Sharia and Beersheba, reporting on Turkish movements. At nightfall they withdrew back to Shellal. The next day was a repeat of the previous day. Then, after dark, the division was ordered to march overnight to support the Imperial Mounted Division. The regiment set out at 23:00, and by 09:00 on 18 April were the brigade reserve for their assault on "Sausage Ridge". At 14:30 the regiment was called upon, and galloped forward under an artillery bombardment. Dismounting, a machine-gun section set up just in time to stop a Turkish counter-attack. However, the British attack all along the line had faltered and was called off that night, and they withdrew back behind the Wadi Ghuzee. The three days of fighting cost the regiment three dead and twenty-eight wounded.
Beersheba.
The regiment's involvement in the attack on Beersheba began at 18:00 on 30 October, when the ANZAC Mounted Division set off along the Wadi el Imshash towards the village. By 08:00 the brigade had reached its starting position at Bir Salim Irgeig, ready to begin their assault on Tel el Saba. Moving around the open Turkish flank they managed to approach the mound from the east. The regiment were to the right of the brigade line with the Auckland Mounted Rifles on their left. The regiment intended to move around and outflank the Turkish position from the north. Once the assault started they slowly moved up the hill, and eventually they passed the Wadi Khalil and were able to engage the rear of the Turkish position. Confronted by Turkish artillery and machine-gun fire coming from their north, they could advance no further. At 15:00 the Aucklanders managed to charge and capture the hill top. Elsewhere, Beersheba was captured following a mounted charge by the 4th Light Horse Brigade. The regiment's casualties during the battle were one dead and six wounded.
Khuweilfe.
The next day, 1 November, the brigade moved north-east following the withdrawing Turks. The regiment, forming the vanguard, came under machine-gun fire so the 10th Squadron charged directly at the position while the 1st Squadron moved around and attacked from the flank. The position was quickly captured with thirteen prisoners and a machine-gun taken. That night, they returned to Beersheba for water. Following two days of rest, they moved out on 4 November, to relieve the 5th Mounted Brigade in the Ras el Nagb mountains. Turkish artillery fired on them en route, wounding five men. Once in position, they were attacked at 03:00 the next morning by a small Turkish force, which was forced to retire. Then a Turkish cavalry force was sighted assembling in a valley, which the regiment opened fire on; they galloped away. At 11:00 the Turkish returned to the attack, supported by artillery and machine-gun fire, and managed to get to within of the regiment's lines before being stopped. Turkish artillery continued to bombard the regiment for the rest of the day, only stopping after dark. The day's fighting cost the regiment six dead and forty-nine wounded. As there was no trace of their relief, and the horses had not been watered for forty-eight hours, they were sent back to Beersheba. Eventually relieved, on 6 November, by the Imperial Camel Corps Brigade, the men set out to the rear on foot, meeting their returning horses at Kh el Ras.
Ayun Kara.
On 11 November, the brigade was ordered to move to the western flank and rejoin the division. It was not an easy task due to the difficult terrain, and one stage of took them thirty hours to cross. They eventually met with the division at Hamame the next day and had to rest and recuperate until moving out again on 13 November and camping for the night at Yebna.
The next morning, 14 November, the regiment crossed the River Rubin, and at 12:30 located a Turkish position at Ayun Kara. The regiment was on the left front of the brigade advance, with the Wellington Mounted Rifles on their left and the Aucklanders in reserve. As the regiment advanced through orange groves, they were engaged by the Turkish defenders. The regiment then held a fire support position while the other two regiments attacked on the left. Fighting off several counter-attacks the brigade eventually, at nightfall, won the battle and held their ground overnight. Not being involved in the main assault, the regiment's casualties were rather light at one dead and six wounded. The next day the Turkish force had withdrawn, and the regiment advanced first to Beit Dejan, and then occupied the port of Jaffa on 17 November, where the commanding officer established the regimental headquarters in the German Consulate.
River Auja.
Around to the north of Jaffa is the River Auja, along which the withdrawing Turkish Fourth Army had formed a defence line. The only crossing points were a bridge at Khurbet Hadrah, and three fords. One of these was about to the east of Hadrah, another was at Jerisheh and the third at the river mouth.
The brigade was ordered to assault the river and capture a crossing. On 24 November the regiment, with the 8th Squadron leading, crossed the ford at the river mouth. Taken by surprise, the Turkish defenders retired, and were followed by the regiment, who galloped into the nearby foothills and captured the village of Sheikh Muannis. The rest of the brigade continued the attack along the river, capturing the other crossings. To support their defence, the 161st (Essex) Brigade moved to the north of the river and dug in. The regiment sent mounted patrols forward to observe the surrounding country.
The next day the Turkish counter-attacked the bridge-head at Khurbet Hadrah in force. Their first attempt failed, but after being reinforced they tried again the same day. Eventually the Essex Brigade were forced to withdraw back across the river. The regiment, to assist them, crossed at the river mouth and attacked the Turkish right, with the 10th Squadron heading, on foot, for Sheikh Muannis to assist the Wellington Mounted Rifles. Now defended by the 10th Squadron, the village's defenders withdrew across the river, and once clear they were followed by the squadron. Meanwhile, the 1st and 8th Squadrons, which had moved into the northern hills, were heavily attacked by the advancing Turks. They managed to hold a line, supported by their machine-guns, as they slowly retired, troop covering troop, back to the river. The Turkish force, now back in control of the northern river bank, made no attempt to force a crossing. Despite the nature of the battle, with the regiment withdrawing in daylight, their casualties were again rather light at two dead and four wounded.
Jordan Valley.
Jericho.
The British captured Jerusalem in December, but the Turkish forces still held the Jordan Valley and the area around the Dead Sea, putting the British right flank in danger of a counter-attack. As a result, the regiment's next operation involved the capture of Jericho in the east.
On 16 February the regiment started their move towards Bethlehem, arriving there the next day. Two days later the brigade started over the hills towards the River Jordan, marching overnight. The tracks forced them into single file, but by daylight they were at El Muntar. From there the terrain dropped to the Jordan Valley. As soon as the brigade's vanguard appeared they were engaged by the Turkish defences. It was not until 07:00 that the regiment came into the open to assist the attack. The regiment was sent against a Turkish strong point at Hill 288, the 8th and 10th Squadrons leading with the 1st in reserve. The 10th Squadron had problems continuing their attack so the 1st was sent forward by a different route, and by noon the Turkish defenders were withdrawing to Nebi Musa. Here, using their artillery and machine-guns, the Turks held up the regiment's advance along a narrow defile until nightfall. The next morning the 10th Squadron were sent forward again, but the Turks had withdrawn during the night. At 05:30 on 21 February the regiment formed the brigade's vanguard as it started out again, reaching the Jordan Valley at 09:00. The regiment pushed ahead towards Jericho, leaving the 8th Squadron behind to repair the road they were using. Jericho was occupied by the 1st Light Horse Brigade, so the regiment deployed along the River Jordan, from the Dead Sea to a pontoon bridge at Ghoraniyeh, which was still held by the Turks. The next day was spent patrolling the vicinity of the river, and at 15:00 on 22 February the western side was declared clear of all Turkish forces. The brigade did not linger in the valley, and at 18:00 the same day they started back to Jerusalem.
Amman.
A raid on Amman was the next operation for the regiment. The ANZAC Mounted Division, 60th (London) Division and the Imperial Camel Corps Brigade would all take part. On 13 March the regiment started back to the Jordan Valley through heavy rain. Orders for the raid were issued; the brigade would advance on mountain tracks, via the village of Ain Es Sir, then to Amman. The rains postponed the raid, and it was not until 01:30 on 24 March that the brigade crossed the river Jordan, by a pontoon bridge at Hajlah. At 09:30 the regiment, the Wellington Mounted Rifles and the 181st (2/6th London) Brigade started clearing the area between the river and the foothills. The vanguard, formed by the 1st Squadron and the Auckland Mounted Rifles, had by 16:30 left the Wadi Jeria and started up into the hills. In the wet and cold weather progress was slow. The narrow tracks meant that all wheeled transport, including artillery and supply wagons, had to be left behind. They reached Ain Es Sir at 14:00, two hours behind the vanguard. Out of contact with the division, they remained at the village for the remainder of that day and the next. Patrols checked the area between the village and Amman, which was around away. The remainder of the division, which had travelled by a different route, arrived later that day. They were in no physical condition to attack, so the advance was postponed until the next day.
The assault began at daylight on 27 March; the 8th Squadron moved across the plain to Kusr, where their progress was stopped by heavy Turkish small arms fire. The squadron formed a defensive line, while the 1st Squadron moved past them on the right and captured a small hill. Turkish artillery and machine-gun fire grew heavier all day, and another attempt by the 8th Squadron to move forward at 16:00 also failed. At 19:25 the Turks counter-attacked the 1st Squadron, but were forced to retire. That night patrols were sent to reconnoitre the Turkish positions, so they could be more easily attacked the next day. At dawn on 28 March the entire division tried another attack. The 1st Squadron managed to capture a small trench, but without their artillery support they were unable to move any further forward in the face of heavy Turkish machine-gun fire. All that day and night they managed to hold onto what they had won, waiting for reinforcement to continue the attack.
The next day it was decided to make a dismounted attack on Hill 3039, outside Amman. The regiment, while still holding its own lines, provided eleven officers and 102 other ranks to take part in the assault. At 02:00 they formed up and started forward, the regiment's contingent forming the second line with the Wellington Mounted Rifles. The assault was successful, the first line capturing their objectives. The second line passed through them onto their objectives. With around to go, Turkish machine-guns opened fire on them, but they pressed on, capturing a machine-gun and fourteen prisoners. Then the 8th Squadron moved forward with the 4th (ANZAC) Battalion, Imperial Camel Corps Brigade, and captured the last Turkish position on the hill. The brigade settled in to defend the hill, the regiment located between the brigade's other two units. At dawn Turkish artillery targeted the hill, and at 09:30 the Turks counter-attacked the New Zealanders. They were stopped by the brigade, using captured machine-guns in addition to their own weapons. Turkish artillery continued to bombard the hill until 16:00, when another counter-attack began, mostly to the regiment's left; this was driven off. The third counter-attack came an hour later but was also defeated. Elsewhere the rest of the division had been trying to reach Amman but could not make any progress.
Unable to continue the attack, and with a shortage of ammunition and rations, the division was ordered to withdraw back to the River Jordan. The brigade was ordered at 18:00 to retire back to Ain Es Sir. On arrival the 1st Squadron formed a defensive line, while the rest of the regiment rested. However, the 1st Squadron were soon engaged by a Turkish force, and the regiment and the Auckland Mounted Rifles moved up to support them. For the remainder of the night, the division retired through the line held by the regiment, until 04:00 on 1 April when the Wellington Mounted Rifles took over from the regiment, which then followed the division back to the river. They reached the Jordan Valley at dusk and moved back across the river. During the operation, the regiment lost eighteen dead, thirty-seven wounded and one man missing in action.
The brigade crossed the Jordan and the regiment camped to the south-east of Jericho. Not all of the ANZAC Mounted Division moved west of the river; the 1st Light Horse Brigade remained on the eastern bank forming a bridge-head. On 19 April the regiment crossed back over the river to conduct a reconnaissance of Shunet Nimrin. Advancing through Turkish artillery fire they got to within of the Turkish lines in the foothills, and remained there all day, before returning to the western bank at 21:00.
Es Salt.
On 30 April the second raid across the Jordan began, their objective to capture Es Salt. This time a much larger force was involved under command of the Desert Mounted Corps. The regiment and brigade were part of the force assigned to attack Shunet Nimrin. Once again they advanced through Turkish artillery fire, and confronted by Turkish strong points in the foothills, were unable to make any progress. That night they moved back across the Jordan, having suffered three dead and eleven wounded.
On 1 May the brigade became the corps reserve and at noon were ordered to assist the 179th (2/4th London) Brigade in their attack on El Haud. The regiment crossed the bridge and started forward, through artillery fire, first walking then increasing their pace to a canter, until they reached cover. But then they were ordered back and had to return to Umm Es Shert, so they headed back through the shellfire until they reached the village. They remained there overnight until ordered forward to support the 4th Light Horse Brigade defending the road from the Ed Damieh ford to Es Salt, which was the only route back for the rest of the force attacking Es Salt. For the next day the regiment held a defensive position along the road, and then moved, dismounted, into the mountains to help the Australian Mounted Division extricate themselves. On 3 May, once the Australians had moved past them, the regiment walked back down the track behind them, shelled by Turkish artillery. They then moved into the lines held by the infantry until the other forces had reached safety, before forming the rearguard back to Ghoraniyeh, arriving at 16:00 on 5 May.
Chaytor's Force.
The next months were spent training and refitting, until August when the brigade formed the divisional reserve located around Jericho. In September they moved forward to form the left (northern) flank of the Jordan Valley defences. At the same time, the regiment took command of the 1st and 2nd Battalions British West Indies Regiment and the 38th and 39th Battalions Royal Fusiliers, which were part of a larger deception force commanded by the divisional commander, Chaytor. They were tasked with convincing the Turks that the next British attack would be from the Jordan Valley, while the forces were actually being realigned to attack in the west. The regiment was heavily involved in the deception, carrying out offensive patrolling, constructing dummy camps, and moving back and forwards behind the lines to give the impression of a much larger force than was actually present.
The main British attack started in the west on 19 September; the regiment remained in the Jordan Valley keeping patrols close to the Turkish positions to watch for any withdrawal. The first evidence of that was observed the next day, when the Turks retired from their forward positions. The regiment then moved to join the rest of the brigade at Khubret Fusail on the western bank of the Jordan.
The next day the brigade started towards their first objective, the bridge at Damieh. At 10:30 the Auckland Mounted Rifles, assisted by the 1st Squadron, assaulted and captured the Damieh bridge with a bayonet charge. The 10th Squadron arrived after the bridge was secured, and followed the Auckanders pursuing the withdrawing Turks into the hills. That night the regiment moved back across the bridge, leaving the 1st Squadron behind to guard it. The next day the brigade was ordered to resume the advance, so with the regiment as the vanguard, overcame the first obstacle, a Turkish machine-gun post. At 15:30 they reached Es Salt, passed through the town to the east, and formed a defensive position in the hills for the night. During the day they had captured 250 men, three artillery pieces and several machine-guns. The next day, 24 September, the regiment continued their advance, heading towards Suweile where they were joined by the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades. The next day about north-west of Amman they came upon two Turkish redoubts covering the road to the town. While the brigade's other regiments deployed to attack them, the regiment, with a section from the Machine-Gun Squadron, were ordered to manoeuvre around to assault them from the rear. At midday they were confronted by around two hundred Turkish troops defending a ridge line. The regiment, through artillery and machine-gun fire, assaulted and captured the ridge. Not stopping to consolidate the position, they continued forward towards Amman. Once there the 10th Squadron, and part of the 8th Squadron, assaulted the Citadel in a bayonet charge, capturing 119 German prisoners and six machine-guns. The regiment then charged through the town, capturing the railway station at 16:30. All told the regiment took 1,200 prisoners, fourteen machine-guns, and other military stores. Their own casualties were one dead and two wounded. Casualties and illness had reduced the regiment's strength to only 350 men, many of whom were struck down with malaria. The regiment remained in the Amman area until the night of 29/30 September when they moved south to Kastel and secured a large number of prisoners from the Turkish II Corps. On 3 October they were relieved by the 3rd Light Horse Regiment, and started back towards the Jordan Valley. By 9 October they had crossed the valley and had reached Jerusalem; they then went back to Ayun Kara, their part in the war being over.
Post war.
The war in the Middle East ended on 31 October 1918, following the signing of the Armistice of Moudros. In November the regiment was selected to be part of the Allied force of occupation for the Dardanelles peninsula. They would again be going in a dismounted role, but only twenty-five officers and 464 other ranks were involved. Leaving Egypt on 28 November they disembarked on 5 December and moved into their camps at Maidos and Kilid Bahr. On 19 January 1919, the majority of the regiment returned to Egypt, rejoining the brigade at Kantara.
On 17 March the whole brigade was ordered to deploy to assist the civil authorities dealing with growing unrest among the Egyptian civilian population. The regiment moved to the Nile Delta on 23 March, forming a column with four armoured cars and an armoured train. Any one found rioting was arrested and tried in front of a court headed by the commanding-officer, who also imposed sentences. Within weeks the rioting was quelled and the regiment returned to their camp, remaining there until 17 June when they were ordered to send their horses to the remount depot and move to Ismailia on the Suez Canal. On 30 June they embarked on the transport ship HMNZT "Ulimaroa" for New Zealand and the regiment was disbanded.
Casualties.
During the war 334 men from the regiment died from all causes. In the seven months of the Gallipoli Campaign they had 127 dead; fourteen of those died of illness and 113 were killed in action. Another forty-six, not included in that total, were reported missing believed dead. The two years of the Sinai and Palestine Campaign accounted for another 127 dead. At the same time 466 men were debilitated or wounded in action at Gallipoli, and another 254 were wounded during the later campaign, a total of 720 wounded for both campaigns.
Many of the Gallipoli dead have no known grave; the Commonwealth War Graves Commission Chunuk Bair Cemetery, constructed on the site where the Turks buried Allied war dead following the evacuation, has 632 graves of which only ten men have been identified. At the nearby Hill 60 Cemetery, which has another 788 graves, only seventy-six were identified.
Honours.
Several men of the regiment were recognised for their service by the British Empire awards system. Captain Robin Harper, later commander of the brigade machine-gun squadron, was perhaps the most decorated, being invested as a Companion of the Distinguished Service Order (DSO), awarded a Distinguished Conduct Medal (DCM), a Military Cross (MC) and being mentioned in despatches three times. Findlay was invested as a Companion of the Order of the Bath and also a DSO, alongside six other officers who were also invested as companions of the DSO. Two officers received civilian awards, one an Officer of the Order of the British Empire and the other a Member of the Order of the British Empire. Another eleven officers were awarded the MC, while the other ranks received a total of twelve DCMs and twenty-three Military Medals. There were also a total of sixty mentions in despatches, some men being mentioned more than once.

</doc>
<doc id="18675380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675380" title="Il vedovo allegro">
Il vedovo allegro

Il vedovo allegro is a 1950 Italian romance film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Carlo Dapporto. 

</doc>
<doc id="18675402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675402" title="Gerald Steinacher">
Gerald Steinacher

Gerald Steinacher is an Assistant Professor of History and Hymen Rosenberg Professor of Judaic Studies at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. He was a Joseph A. Schumpeter Research Fellow at Harvard University during 2010-2011 and in 2009 a Visiting Scholar at the Center for European Studies at Harvard University. He lectured at the Universities of Innsbruck (Austria), Luzern (Switzerland) and Munich (Germany). In 2006 he was a Center for Advanced Holocaust Studies Fellow at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington, DC. 
Steinacher’s research focuses on 20th Century Central European History with emphasis on Italian Fascism, National Socialism, Holocaust and intelligence studies. He has published two books, edited nine volumes, and wrote a large number of book chapters and journal articles on these topics. His post-doctoral research (Habilitation) examined the postwar fate of Nazis and Holocaust perpetrators and the institutions facilitating their escape from Europe. The result of this research came out as a book entitled, Nazis on the Run. How Hitler's Henchmen Fled Justice. This academic book was published in several countries with the English edition put out by Oxford University Press in 2011. Furthermore the book was recently awarded the 2011 National Jewish Book Award in the Holocaust category.
References.
Gerald Steinacher in the Wall Street Journal [http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748703730804576319120403551648.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18675403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675403" title="Lithuanian Righteous among the Nations">
Lithuanian Righteous among the Nations

This is the list of Lithuanian Righteous among the Nations. More than 800 Lithuanians have been honored with this title by the state of Israel for saving Jews during World War II. Below is a partial listing of these:

</doc>
<doc id="18675422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675422" title="Orlando Catinchi">
Orlando Catinchi

Orlando Catinchi (born May 6, 1957) is a retired male breaststroke and freestyle swimmer from Puerto Rico. He competed for his native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montréal, Canada, aged nineteen. 
Two years later Berrocal won the bronze medal in the Men's 4x100m Medley Relay at the 1979 Pan American Games, alongside Carlos Berrocal, Arnaldo Pérez, and Fernando J. Canales.

</doc>
<doc id="18675423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675423" title="Olivier Guégan">
Olivier Guégan

Olivier Guégan (born 20 August 1972 in Longjumeau) is a French midfielder who currently plays for Stade Reims.

</doc>
<doc id="18675425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675425" title="Briddlesford Copses">
Briddlesford Copses

Briddleford Copses is a 167.2 hectare Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) and Special Area of Conservation (SAC) which is south of Wootton Bridge on the Isle of Wight in Britain. The site was designated an SAC in 1995 in recognition of the internationally important breeding population of Bechstein's bat that are resident there. The majority of the copses form part of the Briddlesford Nature Reserve that is owned and managed by the People's Trust for Endangered Species (PTES), a charitable organisation.

</doc>
<doc id="18675437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675437" title="Carlo Dapporto">
Carlo Dapporto

Carlo Dapporto (26 June 1911 – 1 October 1989) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 35 films between 1944 and 1987.
He was born in Sanremo, Italy and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18675445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675445" title="Éric Sitruk">
Éric Sitruk

Éric Sitruk (born 14 January 1978 in Bondy) is a French football striker who last played for Stade Brest 29.
Statistics.
Updated 2 May 2010 

</doc>
<doc id="18675460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675460" title="Joseph Mezger">
Joseph Mezger

Joseph Mezger (5 September 1635 – 26 October 1683) was an Austrian Benedictine of St. Peter's Archabbey, Salzburg.
Life.
Mezger was born at Eichstädt. He took vows at the same time as his brother Francis Mezger in 1651, and was ordained priest in 1659. He taught poetry in the gymnasium of Salzburg in 1660, and was master of novices and sub-prior in his monastery in 1661. He then taught philosophy at the University of Salzburg, 1662-4; apologetics and polemics, 1665-7; and canon law, 1668-73. He was prior of his monastery and taught hermeneutics and polemics, 1673-8, when he was appointed vice-chancellor of the university. He died at the monastery of St. Gall, while on a pilgrimage to Einsiedeln.
He was an intimate friend of Mabillon with whom he kept up a constant correspondence and who in his "Iter Germanicum" calls him "Universitatis Salisburgensis præcipuum ornamentum" (Vetera Analecta, I, xi). 
Works.
His major work is "Historia Salisburgensis" covering the period from 582 to 1687, of which work he, however, had written only the first four books (582-1555) when he died, leaving the remainder to be completed by his brothers, Francis and Paul Mezger. In 1664 he published at Salzburg his four philosophical treatises:
His other works are: 

</doc>
<doc id="18675474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675474" title="Doel Nuclear Power Station">
Doel Nuclear Power Station

The Doel Nuclear Power Station is one of the two nuclear power plants in northern Belgium. The plant is located on the bank of the Scheldt, near the village of Doel in the Flemish province of East Flanders. The Belgian energy corporation Electrabel is the plant's largest stakeholder. The plant employs 800 workers and covers an area of .
The station is located in the most densely populated area of all nuclear power stations in Europe, with 9 million inhabitants within a radius of .
Reactors.
The plant consists of four second-generation pressurized water reactors with a total capacity of 2,919 MWe, making it the second largest nuclear power plant in Belgium, after Nuclear Plant Tihange. Its four units are rated as follows:
Doel 1 and 2 came online in 1975, while Doel 3 and 4 came online in 1982 and 1985, respectively.
Doel 1, 2 and 4 reactors are based on designs by Westinghouse and where supplied by ACECOWEN a consortium between ACEC, Cockerill and Westinghouse. The Doel 3 reactor is based on a design by Framatome and was supplied by the FRAMACECO consortium (Framatome-ACEC-Cockerill).
Doel 1 and 2 are scheduled to be taken out of service by 2015.
Cooling towers.
With a height of 176 meters, the two cooling towers are the most visible structure in the Port of Antwerp. Due to its proximity to the Dutch-Belgian border, the towers and the accompanying vapor can be seen in large parts of Dutch provinces of Zeeland and western North Brabant. Since 1995, one of the cooling towers has hosted a nest of peregrine falcons.
2012 Doel 3 inspection.
Doel 3 was shut down at the beginning of June 2012 for a planned inspection. The ultrasonic inspection revealed that there were thousands of semi laminar flaws in the reactor vessel's steel rings forged by Rotterdam Drydocks. These were determined to be hydrogen flakes, which influence steel brittleness and vessel pressure. The reactor remained offline for further inspections and assessment for a year. Eventually the nuclear regulator judged that the reactor could still operate safely and it was restarted June 3, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18675484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675484" title="Alharbi El Jadeyaoui">
Alharbi El Jadeyaoui

Alharbi El Jadeyaoui (born 8 August 1986 in Strasbourg) is a Moroccan footballer who plays as a midfielder for RC Lens.
Career.
On 13 July 2009, it was announced by Sky Sports that El-Jadeyaoui had joined English Premier League side Blackburn Rovers for a one-week trial. On 20 July 2009, Guingamp have signed the attacking midfielder from Stade Brest on a four-year deal. On 7 August 2013, it was announced that El-Jadeyaoui has joined English Premier League side Arsenal F.C. on a two day trial.
On 22 January 2014, it was announced that El-Jadeyaoui signed a two-year contract for Ligue 2 side RC Lens.

</doc>
<doc id="18675485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675485" title="Bob Pritikin">
Bob Pritikin

Robert C. "Bob" Pritiken is an American author, former advertising executive, and bon vivant active on the San Francisco social scene.
Early life and career.
Pritikin was born to a Russian Jewish father and raised in Chicago, Illinois, and graduated from UCLA. He became a high-ranking executive at Young & Rubicam, then formed his own ad agency, Pritikin & Gibbons. For a period he taught at San Francisco State University.
In the 1970s he was Creative Director of Fletcher, Richards, Calkins and Holden, responsible among other things for landmark Folgers Coffee television commercials. San Francisco author Armistead Maupin credits Pritikin's turning him down for a job as being responsible for Maupin's writing Tales of the City
Hotellier.
In 1977 Pritikin opened the "Mansion Hotel", a bed and breakfast in Pacific Heights, where he would entertain guests with magic shows and musical performances. The hotel, consisting of two Queen Anne mansions connected by a hallway, was decorated eclectically, with caged and uncaged birds (including a Macaw sometimes said to be the reincarnation of the house's original owner), pig memorabilia, life-sized stuffed dolls of Bill and Hillary Clinton, Richard Nixon's letter of resignation as United States President and Gerald Ford's letter of pardon, fresh flowers and candy in every room, a central music system that always played classical music, and a player piano that was supposedly played by "Claudia", a ghost. The hotel had a collection of sculptures in its yard.
Pritikin opened the hotel on election days as a local polling station, encouraging voters with music, an ice sculpture in the shape of an eagle, layer cake and caviar. In 2000 he sold the hotel, by then designated a city landmark, as private housing.
Chenery Mansion.
In 1981 Pritikin built a mansion for himself in the quiet residential neighborhood of Glen Park, San Francisco. The building, also known as "Chenery House", is the largest private property in the city, featuring a swimming pool inside a second story living room. The house was used for a period as a rental event center. Pritikin was notorious for throwing eccentric parties at the house, including political fundraisers, an annual Labor Day party for 850 people, and a yearly passover seder. His concluding "Last Supper Passover" was held as a fundraiser for the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society co-hosted by nominee 2008 Woman of the Year, Daphne Evans, a cancer survivor and founder of Heaven's Door Oncology, a cancer foundation. Pritkin is an avid classical musical saw performer, considered one of the world's greatest, often hosting performances. Frequent performers, other than Pritikin himself, have included Bob Weir and Ratdog, Carol Channing, and Tammy Faye Messner. Other guests over the years have ranged from Mickey Rooney to Liberace. In one event he bussed thirty guests to San Jose for dinner at the Wendy's that was the site of the infamous chili finger incident.
Pritikin is a collector of many things. His art collection is said to be worth at least $40 million. In 2007 he paid $100,000 for one of Hitler's Globes—a world globe that Adolf Hitler had used to plan submarine warfare from his Eagle's Nest compound in the Bavarian Alps, and was taken to California by an American soldier in 1945. In an interview, he claimed it would make a good counterpart to his Benny Bufano sculptures, which celebrated world peace. A replica of the globe was prominently featured in "Valkyrie", the thriller about a real-life plot to assassinate Hitler, leading Pritikin to complain that it had been done without his permission.
In 2004 Pritikin offered to bequeath the mansion to the City of San Francisco for use as an official mayoral residence, but the city rejected his plans. In 2009 he announced plans to operate his home as a museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18675486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675486" title="Scottish Recovery Network">
Scottish Recovery Network

The Scottish Recovery Network (SRN) was formally launched in 2004 as an initiative designed to raise awareness of recovery from mental health problems.
Over the last ten years there has been significant activity related to the promotion and support of recovery in Scotland, much of it linked to the work of SRN (Bradstreet & McBrierty 2012). 
SRN developed out of a loose affiliation of individuals and organisations with a common interest in recovery, and has been designed to share information and ideas as quickly as possible.
SRN MISSION, VISION AND VALUES 
SRN’s mission statement is: 
"SRN is a non-profit organisation working in Scotland and beyond. Our aim is to promote and support recovery from mental health problems. We act as a catalyst for change by sharing ideas and practice, improving outcomes at all levels."
SRN’s vision is: 
"A Scotland where mental health recovery is a reality for all."
SRN’s values are largely derived from, and influenced by, the principles of recovery more generally: 
SRN GOALS AND ACTIVITY
SRN has four overall goals:
SRN’s varied programme of activities includes extensive communications as well as developing vitally important work in relation to Peer Support and Wellness Recovery Action Planning (WRAP). SRN has also contributed to numerous recovery related research projects in Scotland and beyond – including the seminal Narrative Research Project – and been at the forefront of supporting recovery focused services with the development of the Scottish Recovery Indicator service development tool www.sri2.net.
SRN is currently delivering the programme of work set out in its 2012-16 Strategic Plan. As at 2012, SRN was core funded by the Scottish Government with additional project income provided by NHS Education for Scotland. It operates as an autonomous and independent entity hosted by the voluntary sector organisation Penumbra. This degree of independence has allowed SRN to act in a way that brings different interests together around a shared vision.
SRN was independently evaluated in 2010. The findings suggested that the Network had played a key, even 'transformational', role in supporting the development of recovery approaches (Griesbach et al., 2010).
REFERENCES
Bradstreet, S. & McBrierty, R., "Recovery in Scotland: Beyond service development". International Review of Psychiatry, February 2012; 24(1): 64–69.
Griesbach, D., Russell, R., Lardner, C. & Gordon, J., "Evaluation of the Scottish Recovery Network". Edinburgh: ScottishGovernment Social Research (2010).

</doc>
<doc id="18675491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675491" title="Aprilia Tuono">
Aprilia Tuono

The Aprilia Tuono was a naked bike motorcycle manufactured by Aprilia from 2002 through 2011. It was based heavily upon the Aprilia RSV Mille and its successor, the Aprilia RSV1000R superbike with which is shares its engine, gearbox, frame and, partly, its suspension. The Tuono was succeeded by the Aprilia Tuono V4 R for model year 2011, though the V2 model continued in production into the 2011 model year.
2002 Aprilia Tuono R Limited.
Following the 2001 Bologna Motor Show, the Aprilia Tuono made its debut in a series of 200 individually numbered bikes. Called the Tuono R Limited and in hindsight being a proof of concept for the future RSV Tuono Factory, it had the engine of the RSV Mille R, a gold colored frame and was built solely out of high end materials such as carbon fiber, kevlar and titanium. Specs included Öhlins Racing suspension, OZ forged alloy wheels, Brembo 4-pad brake calipers and an Aprilia Racing titanium exhaust system with matching EEPROM.
2002 - 2005 RSV Tuono (Tuono Fighter for 2003).
The roots of the RSV Tuono lie with the 1998 - 2003 RSV Mille superbike. The original 2003 Tuono Fighter uses the 2002 Mille frame, engine, suspension and brakes. The majority of parts are interchangeable between Mille and Tuono models up until the introduction of the RSV1000R which replaced the Mille. One minor difference is that the RSV Tuono is fitted with a steering damper as standard whereas the RSV Mille is not. The reason for this is to avoid potential speed wobble under full acceleration due to the motorcross style handlebars atop high machined ergal risers causing the rider to sit more upright, resulting in less weight over the front wheel. The main difference is the lack of significant bodywork (fairings). The Tuono Fighter (2003) and RSV Tuono (2004-05) all share the same frame-mounted bikini fairing and body covers, either in plastic for the base model or carbon fibre for the Racing and R models.
The RSV Tuono uses the Austrian built BRP-Rotax 'V990' 60° V-Twin engine which can also be found in numerous other Aprilia models. It sports dual overhead cams, double balance shafts, 4 valves per cylinder, electronic fuel injection, twin spark ignition. In the RSV Tuono, the V990 delivers @ 9500 rpm and @ 7250 rpm. Its fuel tank will hold 18 L (4.8 gal) and has a range of 280 km (175 mi) on the highway before the low fuel indicator turns on. Fuel consumption increases significantly with aggressive throttle use.
2003 - 2005 RSV Tuono Factory.
The RSV Tuono Factory is a high spec model based upon the Aprilia RSV Mille R. Compared to the standard RSV Tuono it has increased engine performance ( @ 9500 rpm), forged alloy wheels, gold anodized Öhlins Racing front forks, fully adjustable Öhlins Racing rear monoshock, a fully adjustable Öhlins Racing steering damper, radially mounted Brembo brake calipers and it extensively uses carbon fiber parts for weight reduction.
2006 - 2011 Tuono 1000 R.
The 2nd generation Tuono, the Tuono 1000 R, is based upon the 2004 - 2011 Aprilia RSV1000R superbike. One technical difference between the Tuono 1000 R and the RSV1000R is that the latter has a rear shock providing control of both inbound- and outbound damping, as well as preload control. The Tuono 1000 R only provides control of preload and inbound damping. This directly implies that the stock Tuono is less usable as a track bike when compared to the Mille. However, since the parts between the two are interchangeable and abundant this should not hinder anyone wanting to use the Tuono as a track bike from changing the rear shock.
Other differences are purely cosmetic and comprise of the lack of a full fairing, a superbike handlebar instead of clip-ons and different paint schemes. Like the first generation Tuono, the Tuono 1000 R also employs a steering damper as standard.
The BRP-Rotax 'V990' 60° V-Twin engine was upgraded significantly when compared to the first generation Tuono: different gear ratios (close ratio with longer first gear), larger throttle bodies, single spark plug, minor cosmetic changes and an increase in power output to @ 9500 rpm. Torque increased to @ 8500 rpm.
The 2006 - 2011 Aprilia Tuono is offered in two versions: the Tuono 1000 R is the standard version, based upon the Aprilia RSV1000R. The Tuono 1000 R Factory is Aprilia's flagship naked bike.
2006 - 2010 Tuono 1000 R Factory.
The Tuono 1000 R Factory comes with fully adjustable Öhlins Racing rear mono-shock and front forks, blue- or gold-anodized (depending on model year) forged aluminum wheels, a frame finished in gold, a paint job sporting the signature Aprilia Lion's head on the fuel tank and the extensive use of carbon fiber parts. The use of forged aluminum wheels and carbon fiber explains the weight difference of between the two versions in favor of the Factory model.
2012 - Tuono V4 APRC.
For the 2012 model year, the Tuono was completely redesigned along the lines of the RSV4. As with that bike, it received Aprilia's APRC (Aprilia Performance Ride Control) package with 8-position traction control, 3 position wheelie control, and 3 position launch control.
For the 2014 model year, various minor changes were performed and ABS brakes were introduced.

</doc>
<doc id="18675493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675493" title="Isa Barzizza">
Isa Barzizza

Isa Barzizza (22 November 1929) is an Italian film actress. She has appeared in 46 films since 1947. She was born in Sanremo, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18675516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675516" title="Wellington Mounted Rifles Regiment">
Wellington Mounted Rifles Regiment

The Wellington Mounted Rifles Regiment was a mounted infantry regiment from New Zealand, raised for service during the First World War. It was assigned to the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade, part of the New Zealand Expeditionary Force.
The regiment, with an establishment of twenty-six officers, 523 other ranks and 600 horses, was formed from three squadrons belonging to pre war Territorial Force regiments; the Queen Alexandra's 2nd (Wellington West Coast) Mounted Rifles, the 6th (Manawatu) Mounted Rifles and the 9th (Wellington East Coast) Mounted Rifles. It also included a small headquarters and, until 1916, a Maxim machine-gun section. The Maxim guns were withdrawn but the regiment's fire-power increased during the war, by the end of which each squadron had four Hotchkiss machine-guns, one per troop.
As mounted infantry, the regiment rode into battle on their horses, but were expected to dismount for battle, and then fight on foot. The regiment fought predominantly against the forces of the Ottoman Turkish Empire. In the Gallipoli Campaign between May and December 1915, they participated in the largest battle of that theatre at Chunuk Bair, and also in the fighting for Hill 60. Evacuated to Egypt, they then took part in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign from 1916 to 1918. The early battles there included those at Romani, Gaza and Beersheba. Later in the war they were part of the force that occupied the Jordan Valley, and took part in the raid on Amman and the raid on Es Salt. Their final war time operation was in connection with the capture of the Turkish Fourth Army. During the four years of war the regiment had 369 dead and 453 wounded, several of those wounded more than once. After the war, the regiment played a minor role in the Egyptian Revolution of 1919, before being disbanded in June 1919.
History.
Formation.
Raised on 8 August 1914 at the start of the First World War, the Wellington Mounted Rifles Regiment came from the region around Wellington on the North Island of New Zealand. It was commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel William Meldrum, and comprised a headquarters, a machine-gun section, and three squadrons formed from Territorial Force regiments. The New Zealand Territorial Force included a compulsory training system, and the four Military Districts were each required to supply a mounted regiment for the New Zealand Expeditionary Force. To meet that obligation the Territorial Force regiments each provided a squadron, which kept their own regimental badges and traditions. The regiment's squadrons came from the Queen Alexandra's 2nd (Wellington West Coast) Mounted Rifles (2nd Squadron), the 6th (Manawatu) Mounted Rifles (6th Squadron) and the 9th (Wellington East Coast) Mounted Rifles (9th Squadron). The establishment was fixed at twenty-six officers and 523 other ranks, who used 528 riding horses, seventy-four draught horses and six pack horses. Each squadron, of 158 men, had a field headquarters and four troops. The Machine-Gun Section, with two Maxim Guns, had one officer, twenty-six other ranks, twenty riding horses and sixteen draught horses. Although the regiment used horses, they were not cavalry but mounted infantry, and expected to ride to the battlefield, dismount and then fight as traditional infantry. Attached to, but not part of, the regiment were medical and veterinary officers, an artificer, three more other ranks and another eighteen horses. The regiment was assigned to the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade, serving alongside two other regiments, the Auckland Mounted Rifles and the Canterbury Mounted Rifles.
Embarkation.
The regiment conducted training until 24 September, when they received embarkation orders. Due to the fear of German warships being in the area, the wait for suitable escort ships delayed their departure until 15 October. With a short stop at Hobart, on 28 October they arrived at Albany, and anchored waiting to be joined by the Australian contingent. The combined convoy sailed on 1 November and reached Colombo on 15 November. Two days later it sailed into the Red Sea and the Suez Canal. They docked at Port Said on 2 December and Alexandria the next day. The regiment disembarked on 4 December and boarded a train for their camp in the Cairo suburb of Zeitoun. There they started a training programme, using the desert for manoeuvres, during both day and night.
In April 1915 the New Zealand and Australian forces, except the mounted troops, were sent to serve in the Gallipoli Campaign. Heavy casualties during the landings provided a need for reinforcements, so the regiment and other mounted troops, without their horses, were ordered to Gallipoli.
Gallipoli.
On 8 May 1915, the regiment, reduced to twenty-five officers and 453 other ranks (some men had to stay behind to look after the horses), with the remainder of the brigade, sailed for Gallipoli and landed three days later, under small arms fire, at ANZAC Cove, as part of the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps (ANZAC).
They relieved elements of the Royal Naval Brigade, with the regiment taking over from the Nelson and Deal Battalions, on the right flank. One squadron occupied the front line, one squadron the support trench, and the third was the reserve. The regiment was on the left, the Auckland Mounted Rifles in the centre, and the Canterbury Mounted Rifles on the right. They spent the next few days improving the fire trenches, constructing communications trenches, and enlarging tracks so men and guns could move forward quickly. This was done under Turkish machine-gun and rifle fire.
First combat.
At midnight on 18 May the Turkish troops opened fire on the regiment until 03:30, then left their trenches and charged the mounted brigade, concentrating on the Auckland Mounted Rifles. The Turkish attackers were engaged by the regiment's machine-guns with enfilade fire and the attack petered out at dawn, leaving hundreds of Turkish dead. Both sides continued shooting at each other with artillery and small arms fire. At 13:25 General Alexander Godley, commanding that section of the beach-head, ordered the regiment to counter-attack the Turkish trenches at "The Nek". Their first trench was across no man's land with no cover at all. The regiment prepared to obey the order, but arranged it so that no one squadron would be wiped out. The men were selected in equal proportion from all three squadrons and Captain William Hardham VC was chosen to command them. Brigadier-General Andrew Russell, commanding the brigade, contacted Godley to advise him of the circumstances of such an attack and Russell was told to "use his own judgement" so promptly called it off.
The morning of 20 May started the same way, with Turkish artillery and small arms fire being directed at the regiment's trenches. This lasted until 16:30 when the firing ceased and white flags appeared above the Turkish trenches. The Turkish commander asked for an armistice, so that they could collect their dead and wounded lying in the open. But as it appeared they were using the time to bring forward reinforcements, repair defences and collect arms and ammunition from the dead, the armistice was turned down. Negotiations continued and a truce was agreed for 24 May between 07:30 and 17:00. The regiment sent out men to collect and bury Allied dead. The next day the 3rd Light Horse Brigade relieved the regiment, and they moved to a safer area in the rear. Even when "resting" in the rear, they were not safe as it was constantly shelled, and work details had to be provided to move supplies and construct better defences.
Defence of No.3 Post.
On 28 May the regiment had to man a position just captured by the Canterbury Mounted Rifles, called No.3 Post. The 6th Squadron was chosen and started improving the trenches on arrival. Daylight was at 03:30 and although having worked all night, they had made no real impression on the position and were exposed to Turkish fire all day. However, instead of abandoning the post, at 21:00 they were relieved by the 9th Squadron. An hour later Major Selwyn Chambers, commanding the 9th Squadron reported they were surrounded by about one thousand Turkish troops. At 23:35 communications with the 9th Squadron failed. The squadron were fighting off attacks, but could not stop Turkish troops reaching the edge of their trench and throwing hand grenades into their positions. A troop from the 2nd Squadron, sent as reinforcements, were unable to break through. So at midnight the remainder of the 2nd Squadron attempted to reach them, but instead had to dig in to defend themselves. Even though outnumbered, both squadrons managed to hold out, providing covering fire for each other. At 03:30 another Turkish attempt to capture their trenches began, this time from the south. When Turkish troops got into the left side of the 2nd Squadron trench, Major James Elmslie led a troop in a counter-attack, clearing them out. At 06:30, by using signal flags, communications with regimental headquarters were re-established. Casualties were mounting and supplies of ammunition dwindling, and the defence was becoming untenable. The 6th Squadron managed to reach the 2nd Squadron's position, but in the face of heavy Turkish fire, were unable to advance any further. Around 12:00 Turkish troops got into the 9th Squadrons trenches, forcing one troop to withdraw. After Captain Spragg of 9th Squadron located an abandoned supply of British ammunition, the New Zealanders were able to return fire at will without having to conserve ammunition. Nevertheless, the Turkish force, now numbering about three thousand men, continued their attacks all day.
At 19:00 Turkish troops captured the northern section of the 9th Squadron trench. With no chance of any relief during daylight, the commanding officer was informed that two squadrons from the Canterbury Mounted Rifles would try to relieve the 9th Squadron after 20:00. By this time the 6th Squadron had fought their way round the southern slopes of the hill and got within of the 9th Squadron's trench, but could make no further progress. As darkness approached Turkish fire reduced, and at 22:30 the Canterbury Mounted Rifles reached 9th Squadron and took over from them at 23:00. The 9th Squadron moved to the rear followed an hour later by the 2nd and 6th Squadrons. During the battle the squadrons were outnumbered and fighting at close quarters, but their casualties were rather light at nineteen dead and fifty-two wounded.
Walker's Ridge.
The regiment returned to the front on 7 June, relieving the 8th Light Horse Regiment on Walkers Ridge. The 2nd and 9th Squadrons manned the front trench, with the 6th Squadron in reserve. Trench warfare, shelling and sniping continued all month but there was no major attack. The regiment spent their time rotating through the front and resting at the rear. On 1 July reinforcements of four officers and ninety-seven other ranks arrived. On 18 July the regiment returned to the front, relieving the Canterbury Mounted Rifles, each squadron with two troops forward and the other two in reserve. They remained there until 31 July when they were relieved by the 10th Light Horse Regiment. Returning to the rear, the regiment only had twenty-four officers and 338 other ranks, almost 200 men short of full establishment.
Chunuk Bair.
In August Godley planned a new offensive. The brigade was designated as the "Right Covering Force", and allocated several objectives including "No.3 Post", "Big Table Top" and "Destroyer Ridge". The regiment, supported by a Maori pioneer battalion, were given "Destroyer Ridge" and "Big Table Top" to capture. On 5 August the regiment moved to their starting position at "No.1 Post", the attack being planned for the following day. Two troops from 6th Squadron were to capture "Destroyer Ridge", and then clear the route to "Big Table Top", which the remainder of the regiment was to assault at 22:00.
At 21:30 6 August the attack began; after covering around the leading troops were discovered by a Turkish sentry. The 6th Squadron charged the trenches, killing the occupants, but it cost them two men dead and one wounded including the squadron commander. The rest of the squadron continued clearing the route for the regiment. Thick impenetrable bush, forced the regiment to move further east to continue. Scaling the north-eastern face of the hill, they reached the summit at 22:55, and attacked the Turks from the rear. The regiment worked to secure the position from attack by the Turkish forces. Their total casualties for the operation were eight dead and nine wounded, but they had captured 158 prisoners, without firing a shot. The next morning, 7 August, the 6th Squadron and Maoris rejoined the regiment, just as they came under heavy machine-gun and rifle fire. The next day the regiment, along with the Auckland Mounted Rifles, the New Zealand Infantry Brigade and two British battalions, were combined as No.1 Column commanded by Brigadier-General Francis Johnston. The Column were to hold the ground already occupied and extend their lines to the south and east. Leaving the 9th Squadron defending "Big Table Top", the rest of the regiment, 173 all ranks, reported to Johnstone at "Chailak Dere", where they ordered to hold the position "to the last man" alongside the Otago Infantry Battalion. The regiment spent the night improving the crescent shaped position, on the rear slope of the hill. All during the following day, the attacking Turks, sky-lining themselves at the crest of the hill, became easy targets for the regiment, and were engaged with enfilade fire, from the left and right of the regiment's lines.
At 16:00 the regiment was attacked in force, but the Turks withdrew after suffering heavy casualties. But the British attack elsewhere had failed, and some units had been forced to retire, leaving the regiment exposed. They fought off attacks throughout the night, until 05:00 the next morning. Then for two hours they were harassed with sniper fire and hand grenades. Meldrum asked the brigade for reinforcements and more ammunition. There were no reserves of ammunition available and the only reinforcements were forty men from the 6th Battalion Loyal Regiment (North Lancashire) who were sent to assist, but did not arrive until noon. At 14:00 Meldrum reported he could now hold out until nightfall and at 22:30 they were relieved by the rest of the Loyal Regiment and the 5th Battalion Wiltshire Regiment. In the day's fighting the regiment, from a total of 173 all ranks, had lost forty-three dead and seventy-four wounded.
Early on 10 August the survivors, less the 9th Squadron, moved into a camp at "No.1 Post". The 9th Squadron, now one hundred men strong, remained at the front defending "Table Top" and "Old No.3 Post". The next day at 19:30 the brigade moved back to man the inner defence line. The regiment, still without the 9th Squadron, occupied the "Camel's Hump" with twelve men, and "Destroyer Ridge" with twenty-five men, the remainder being held in reserve. They remained at the front until relieved on 23 August.
Hill 60.
On 21 August the regiment moved back to "Big Table Top" for the pending assault on Hill 60. The attack, at 15:30, succeeded in capturing around of Turkish trenches. Two days later, at 17:15, the regiment was relieved and rejoined the brigade at Kabak Kuyu, but at 19:30, five officers and 125 other ranks had to return to the front to defend the western slopes of Hill 60. The same day, three officers and seventy-seven other ranks arrived as reinforcements for the regiment. On 25 August those men still at the front were relieved by the Canterbury Mounted Rifles and Otago Mounted Rifles, in preparation for a night assault on Hill 60 by the brigade. The assault was postponed for two days to rest the men. Although the brigade was responsible for the centre objective during the assault, it could only provide three hundred men, with another one hundred men coming from the Australian 18th Battalion. The regiment's contribution was five officers and 125 other ranks. The battle commenced with an hour-long artillery bombardment. The Auckland and Canterbury Mounted Rifles formed the first line of attack, the Wellington regiment and the Otago Mounted Rifles the second, and the Australians made up the third line. At 17:00 the attack began, and despite taking heavy casualties crossing no man's land, the first Turkish line was captured. The Wellington regiment and Otago Mounted Rifles continued on, took out a machine-gun post and captured the second Turkish trench, but sustained heavy casualties. On the other flanks the supporting assaults had failed, leaving the regiment and the Otago Mounted Rifles isolated on a narrow front. The brigade therefore consolidated the ground already captured and moved forward their machine-guns to support the defence; the forward defensive line was only forty men. The regiment's casualties during the battle were fifty dead and fifty-nine wounded. That night the remainder of the regiment moved into the front line. They fought off several counter-attacks, losing another man killed and eleven wounded. On 29 August the regiment was relieved by the 163rd (Norfolk & Suffolk) Brigade, but remained in the reserve trenches for the next three days. Even there the number of casualties continued to increase, so that by 2 September there were only six officers and ninety-nine men left in the regiment. Despite this, they still had to supply five officers and thirty-nine other ranks to occupy a trench on "Cheshire Ridge".
Evacuation.
By 13 September the regiment's strength was four officers and eighty other ranks. All of them except fourteen machine-gunners were evacuated to the island of Lemnos. Of the original contingent who had landed in May only twenty-four men were still with the regiment. On 10 November reinforcements increased the regiment's total to nine officers and 363 other ranks, and they returned to Gallipoli, reaching the front line at Hill 60 on 27 November. Lack of manpower meant they could not fully man their trenches, so a system was adopted where six men manned a post, with only two on duty during the day. At night all men were awake and also patrolled between posts and into no man's land.
On 17 December, orders for the complete evacuation of the peninsula were issued. The regiment started leaving the next day, when six officers and 155 other ranks left for Lemnos before dawn. Those left behind had to make it appear that the trenches were fully occupied. At 21:30 two thirds of the remainder were evacuated. Other smaller parties left the trenches between 01:40 and 02:05, when the last officer and eleven other ranks moved down to the beach and were evacuated. The surviving 375 men of the regiment camped on Lemnos until transport was available to take them back to Egypt. Their involvement in the Gallipoli Campaign had cost the regiment a total of 640 casualties.
Sinai.
Katia.
On 22 December the regiment left Lemnos; they disembarked at Alexandria four days later. On 27 December they arrived back at Zeitoun camp. There they were reunited with their horses, and reinforcements arrived to bring the regiment back up to full establishment, plus another ten percent. At the same time the Machine-Gun Section was doubled from two to four guns. On 23 January 1916 the regiment were deployed in defence of the Suez Canal, reaching Serapeum on 29 January and Ferry Post Rail Head on 5 March where they took over from two infantry brigades. Later that month the brigade was assigned to the newly formed ANZAC Mounted Division, alongside three Australian light horse brigades and a British Royal Horse Artillery (RHA) brigade.
The regiment mixed defending the canal with further training, each man getting used to their arms and equipment. They carried 240 rounds of ammunition in two bandoleers, one around the horse's neck. The horses also carried saddle wallets containing clothing and a blanket or great coat, water, rations, cooking utensils, empty sandbags, and a rope for tethering the horse. On 23 April they were ordered to move into the Sinai Desert to assist the 5th Mounted Brigade who were under attack. Travelling overnight they reached Kantara at dawn and crossed the canal. However the Turkish force had withdrawn, so the brigade established a chain of observation posts in the desert. The Wellingtons were near Hill 70, in the No.3 Section of the canal's defence zone.
The regiment remained at Hill 70 until 12 May, when they moved north-east to Maler. On arrival they established a line of observation posts and sent reconnaissance patrols further east into the desert. Four days later the 2nd Squadron sent a troop on a reconnaissance to Sabhket El Bardawil. On 18 May the regiment occupied the Katia Oasis, and the next day sent a patrol to Ard to the east. They gained their first sight of Turkish forces in the region, but they were too distant to engage. On 29 May the regiment, along with the rest of the brigade, travelled thirty miles overnight to Salmana, and early next morning surprised the Turkish garrison. The main part of the assault was carried out by the Auckland Mounted Rifles. The water supply at Salmana was insufficient for a complete mounted brigade, so they had to return to Maler that night. Between 21–23 June the regiment provided flank protection for the 1st Light Horse Brigade on a reconnaissance of Katia. Then, on their return to Maler, they were attached to the 2nd Light Horse Brigade, who gave them the nickname "Well and Trulys". In July the regiment lost its machine-gun section, which was transferred to the newly formed brigade Machine-Gun Squadron. The Maxim guns were replaced by three Lewis guns, one per squadron. The loss of the section also reduced the regiment's establishment to twenty-four officers and 499 other ranks.
Romani.
On 19 July, reconnaissance aircraft located a Turkish force in the desert moving west. The regiment and the 2nd Light Horse Brigade were ordered to establish a line of observation posts in their path. They were to send out patrols to locate them, but withdraw if attacked. If possible, they were to retire towards Romani, enticing the Turks to follow them. At dawn on 20 July the regiment located the Turks digging trenches near Ogratina. Rifle fire was exchanged and some prisoners were captured. The prisoners revealed that the force comprised twelve battalions with artillery support, planning to attack Romani.
Two days later, on 22 July, the regiment again encountered Turkish troops, this time at Sagia. Over the following days they were employed checking the Turkish positions and shadowing their line of march. On 28 July, the 2nd Squadron located a strong Turkish force at Umm Ugba north of Katia. Covered by artillery and machine-guns, two of the regiment's squadrons carried out a bayonet charge and captured the position. They lost two men dead and three wounded during the battle.
On 3 August, still with the 2nd Light Horse Brigade, the regiment returned to Katia. Forming the vanguard, they came under Turkish fire on their approach, and as Katia appeared to be held in strength by the Turks, the brigade set up a line of observation posts to monitor them until nightfall. They then retired to Maler, unknowingly being followed by the Turks. At 23:30 the 1st Light Horse Brigade reported movement to their front, and thirty minutes later shots were exchanged at Mount Meredith and Hod El Enna. The regiment had just settled down for the night and were ordered to stand to. At 02:15 4 August, fighting broke out along the front line and two hours later the 1st Light Horse Brigade carried out a fighting withdrawal. At dawn the regiment was the brigade reserve behind the 6th and 7th Light Horse Regiments. By 05:00 the Turkish force was outflanking both their defences and the ANZAC Mounted Division headquarters, which was co-located at the regiment's position. Two hours later they were ordered to gallop to the front line. Riding through rifle and machine-gun fire, they moved to the left and rear of the 6th and 7th Light Horse Regiments. Once the regiment's position was established, the Australian regiments pulled back to form a line with them. As the Turks advanced and occupied the ridge line previously held by the light horse, they brought artillery and machine-gun fire down onto the division's rear areas. The situation appeared serious, and the regiment's clerks were ordered to burn all their papers. Just before 10:00 reinforcements, consisting of a yeomanry regiment, two Scottish infantry companies and the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade, arrived and began attacking the Turkish left. By 18:00 they had captured the position. The regiment's casualties during the day were twenty-four wounded.
Orders were given for a counter-attack the next morning. The assault started at 04:00 on 5 August, and the regiment charged forward on foot with bayonets fixed. Ignoring the machine-gun and rifle fire they broke through the Turkish lines, capturing several hundred prisoners. Meldrum ordered their horses forward and they continued the attack on horseback. They stopped when they came under heavy artillery and machine-gun fire approaching Katia. In the face of such fire they were unable to continue without more support, so dismounted and observed the Turkish positions. Gradually the rest of the division arrived and strengthened the regiment's line. At 09:00 Meldrum was asked by the artillery for assistance. Two batteries following behind the advance were being attacked by Turkish infantry. So Meldrum sent two of his squadrons to help, but the Turkish attackers vanished before they arrived. At 10:00 Meldrum had to take over as temporary commander of the 2nd Light Horse brigade, and Major Spragg became the temporary regimental commanding officer. The next attack was timed for 14:30; the regiment would be part of the force assaulting Katia, on the front left, alongside the 6th Light Horse Regiment. Advancing through artillery and machine-gun fire until they were from the Turkish lines, they halted and returned fire. At one stage the regiment had to bend their line, when the unit to their left gave ground and the Turkish forces moved forward trying to outflank them. Heavy fire from the regiment broke that attack, and the counter-attacking Turks withdrew. By nightfall no further move forward was possible, and as the horses needed watering, the attack was called off. The regiment had fought all day, but their casualties were rather light; one officer and nine other ranks wounded, some mortally. They had captured one thousand prisoners.
Abd.
Having not slept for the last three days, the Wellingtons and the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades were rested. Meanwhile, the remainder of the division continued the counter-attack against the Turkish rearguard. On 8 August the Turks were at Abd, and the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades were ordered forward. Reaching Katia later that day, they were ordered to march through the night to take part in the assault at dawn the next morning. Setting out at 23:00, they were in position north-west of Ard by 05:00 on 9 August. Half an hour later the Wellington regiment, in the vanguard, led the 2nd Light Horse Brigade on foot to capture a ridge of high ground half a mile (.8 km) from the Turkish main defence line. Once in position there, they came under constant artillery fire. Later the regiment again led the brigade to capture another ridge to their left, with the 2nd Squadron advancing on the left and the 9th Squadron on the right, supported by the 6th Squadron in reserve. The attack, which was covered by the 7th Light Horse Regiment, advanced through machine-gun and rifle fire until the ridge was captured, but the New Zealanders then came under an intense artillery bombardment. At 13:30 the Turks counter-attacked, reaching the 1st Light Horse Brigade who were alongside the Wellingtons, and the 3rd Light Horse Brigade on the other flank who were forced to retire. At 16:30 the division's situation appeared untenable; orders were issued to evacuate the wounded and for the whole line to retire, while remaining in contact with the Turks. By nightfall the regiment had returned to Oghratina. Their casualties were three dead and twenty-nine wounded. The next day the regiment rested as the Turkish force withdrew. On 11 August they moved forward across the battleground; the only Turkish troops they encountered were engaged in burying their dead. The next day the Turkish force had withdrawn to Salmana. On 27 August Meldrum resumed command of the regiment, which then moved back to Kantara, with a strength of twenty-two officers and 407 other ranks.
El Arish.
While at Kantara leave was granted for all ranks in Port Said and Sidi Bishr during September. On 10 October, once more part of the New Zealand brigade, the regiment moved forward to Maler, and reached Geeila, further east, on 24 October. The next phase of the campaign was an advance of across the desert to El Arish. The regiment continued moving east, reaching Moseifig on 27 October, and a troop from the 9th Squadron located a good water supply at Gererat only from El Arish. On 11 November, the regiment advanced another east to Mustagidda, establishing outposts at Arnussi and Zoabitia. Overnight 15/16 November the post at Arnussi was attacked by Turkish camel troops, which withdrew before dawn. The Allied attack on El Arish began on 20 December, the New Zealand and 3rd Light Horse Brigades being chosen to carry out the final assault from the south, while the rest of the division cut off any retreat. By dawn the brigade was in sight of its objective, and the town was surrounded. They then discovered that the Turkish forces, aware of the advance, had evacuated the town three days earlier.
Magdhaba.
That night, 22/23 December, the advance continued towards Magdhaba. This village was surrounded on three sides by a wadi, and defended by several redoubts which were covered by artillery and machine-guns. At 05:00 the regiment dismounted to the north-east of the village. The attack started just before 10:00. The regiment, positioned on the brigade's right, headed towards their objective, Redoubt No.5. They galloped across the open ground, through artillery and machine-gun fire, until they were from the Turkish lines, at which point they dismounted and continued on foot. Their Lewis Guns, supported by a section from the Machine-Gun Squadron, pinned down the Turkish defenders, while the assault continued. By 11:00 the 6th and 9th Squadrons were only from the objective when Harry Chauvel, who was in command of the ANZAC Mounted Division, asked the Desert Mounted Corps commander, Philip Chetwode, for permission to withdraw because he believed that no progress had been made. Chetwode instead ordered an all out assault. In the meantime, the regiment continued the advance anyway, and at 15:55 they fixed bayonets and charged the redoubt, capturing some of the Turkish defenders. At 16:40 the 10th Light Horse Regiment carried out a mounted charge into the middle of the position, and all resistance ceased. The battle had cost the regiment five dead.
Palestine.
Rafa.
On 9 January 1917, around 01:00, the regiment crossed the Egyptian–Palestine border, and continued northwards undetected until about 15:30, when Turkish observation posts set off flares to alert their troops of the Allied approach. At 08:00 orders for the attack on Rafa were issued; the brigade was to form the right flank. At 09:35 the whole brigade galloped forward to a position two miles east-north-east of their objective. The Auckland and Canterbury Mounted Rifles were to attack "C" Redoubt, while the Wellington Regiment was placed in reserve with a secondary task of providing protection against any attack on the brigade from the area of Khan Yunis. Already low on ammunition, once the assault began the regiment had to be resupplied with 24,000 rounds of machine-gun ammunition. At 13:00 two of the regiment's troops went forward to occupy a gap in the line between the New Zealand brigade's position and that of the Australian 1st Light Horse Brigade. Just before 14:00 one of the regiment's flank patrols, two miles north-east of Rafa, captured a Turkish officer and three Germans who, during questioning, claimed that the Rafa garrison consisted of 2,000 men, with four mountain artillery guns, and that the 160th Regiment was en route to reinforce the defenders. Another patrol reported that two infantry battalions were heading to Rafa from Abu Khatli, while a third patrol reported that around 2,000 men, about away, were coming from Khan Younis. Then another Turkish force was seen approaching, about away, but too far away to make out any details. At 15:45 the brigade was ordered to attack again, and fifteen minutes later another of the regiment's patrols reported 500 Turkish troops approaching from the east.
The approaching Turkish forces convinced Chetwode to call off the attack. But at 16:30, as the other brigades were retiring, the New Zealanders charged and captured their objective. This allowed them to bring enfilade fire onto the rest of the position. The rest of the division then resumed the attack and captured the village. By now the Turkish relief force was about two miles away to the north-east. By 17:15 all the wounded had been evacuated and the covering patrols recalled. As there were no water supplies at Rafa, at 18:30 the brigade was ordered to withdraw back to Sheikh Zowaiid. Although not as heavily involved in the battle as other units, the regiment still had twelve men dead and eighteen wounded.
Gaza.
At 02.30 on 26 March, the regiment set out in thick fog for the assault on the town of Gaza. By 08:00 they had crossed the Wadi Ghuzze and reached Sheikh Abbas, confronted only by enemy aircraft and some Turkish camel patrols. Two hours later they were about to the east of Gaza, providing a guard force against any reinforcements that might approach from Hareira. The British assault did not go according to plan, and at 14:00 the ANZAC Mounted Division was ordered to attack the town from the north. The regiment galloped forward together with the rest of the New Zealand brigade, and occupied Meshahera Ridge north-east of Gaza at 16:00. Dismounting, the regiment moved into Gaza, with the 6th Squadron leading, followed by the 2nd Squadron, and the 9th Squadron bringing up the rear. At 16:25 they captured a Turkish field ambulance; four officers, 125 other ranks and twenty vehicles. Continuing the assault through artillery and small arms fire, the 2nd and 9th Squadrons reached a cactus hedge. Cutting through it with their bayonets, they engaged the Turkish defenders behind it in hand to hand fighting. Two troops then charged across a lagoon, about deep, to capture a Turkish trench. To their right they sighted a Turkish artillery emplacement, and Meldrum ordered the position taken without delay. Two troops from the 2nd and one from the 9th Squadron carried out a bayonet charge and captured the guns intact. Back in the regiment's centre they were held up by a strong Turkish defensive position at a cemetery. Instead of trying to attack the position, they held their line while the captured guns were recovered. The regiment was now some distance in front of the 2nd Light Horse Brigade to their left, and in danger of a flanking counter-attack. To assist the defence of their position, they turned one of the captured guns onto the Turkish strong points, the inexperienced gun crew sighting by peering down the barrel until they could see their target.
At 18:35, although Meldrum believed they could at least hold where they were, the regiment was ordered by Chetwode to withdraw. At 19:00 horse teams arrived to recover the guns, and at 19:45 they slowly retired back to the suburbs of Gaza. At 21:40 they rejoined the brigade and left the town. The next morning at 08:30 they arrived at Deir El Belah, where the division was now located. Casualties during the battle had again been rather light, at one dead and nineteen wounded. They had captured 197 prisoners, as well as the guns and field hospital.
The regiment's involvement in the second attempt to capture Gaza began at 18:30 on 16 April. The brigade left Deir El Belah, marched through the night and at 04:30 the next morning were at a ford on the Wadi Ghuzze at Shellal. A Turkish machine-gun post covering the crossing was taken out, and soon after the regiment formed the vanguard on the advance to the Rafa–Beersheba road. By midday, despite being attacked by hostile aircraft, they had established a line of observation posts beside Im Siri. Turkish cavalry patrols were observed in the distance, but they did not attempt an attack on the regiment. By nightfall the brigade was recalled to Shellal, where they camped for the night. The next day was similar, again setting up posts observing Turkish movements, then returning to Shellal after dark. The main assault on Gaza was floundering, and the next day the ANZAC Mounted Division was ordered to assist the Imperial Mounted Division in attacking the Atawineh Redoubt, to the south-east of Gaza. To get into position for the attack, the brigade marched through the night. Initially held in reserve, the Wellingtons were sent to assist the 5th Mounted Brigade in an attack on "Sausage Ridge", south of the Atawineh Redoubt. Getting into position at 11:30, Meldrum ordered the 6th Squadron to assault along the length of the ridge, with the help of fire support from the 9th Squadron and the Inverness Battery Royal Horse Artillery. The attack was also supported by the 3rd Squadron Auckland Mounted Rifles on the right of the 6th Squadron. At 12:30 the attack had progressed around half way up the ridge, at which point the Leicestershire and half of the Ayeshire Battery Royal Horse Artillery arrived to support the assault. They could not, however, prevent around six hundred Turkish reinforcements reaching the redoubt.
Doubtful of their ability to capture the redoubt alone, at 13:15 Meldrum asked for reinforcements; he was informed there were no more available. The Canterbury Mounted Rifles, advanced into a gap between the Wellingtons and the 5th Mounted Brigade, which eased the pressure. By 15:00 the superior Turkish numbers and their strong defences, forced Meldrum to commit his reserve, the 2nd Squadron and a section of the Machine-Gun Squadron. At the same time, the horses were moved further to the rear so that they would be out of artillery range. At 15:15 the regiment's right was counter-attacked by three or four hundred Turkish troops. Fifteen minutes later Meldrum again asked for reinforcements; he was again refused. Supported by their artillery, the regiment held out until 17:00, when the Turks retired, having suffered heavy losses. An hour later the regiment was ordered to withdraw at nightfall. The 2nd Squadron reported that they had gained a position which allowed them to assault the redoubt. Meldrum, aware that the redoubt would have to be abandoned even if they were successful, refused to allow the assault. At 18:30 the Royal Horse Artillery withdrew. Then, confusingly, the regiment was ordered to remain where they were, until the yeomanry to their left had moved back. So it was not until 20:15 that the regiment left the front line. At 01:00 20 April the regiment reached the night camp at El Jemme. Their casualties during the battle amounted to one dead and twenty-three wounded. The same night, this second attempt to capture Gaza was called off.
Wadi Ghuzee line.
On 27 April Meldrum was promoted to brigadier-general and given command of the New Zealand brigade, although he was temporarily replaced as commanding officer by Major Charles Dick. On 30 April the Wellington regiment returned to the front, manning a line of observation posts in the Weli Sheikh Nuran defence system. They were at the right of the British line, which stretched along the Wadi Ghuzze to the Mediterranean Sea, south of Gaza. As well as manning the trenches, they carried out mounted patrols into no man's land. On 8 June it was their turn to return to the rear rest area at Marakeb, and Lieutenant-Colonel James Whyte assumed command of the regiment. On 8 July the 9th Squadron captured a Turkish outpost to the west of Beersheba, from which they could clearly see the village's defences. Ten days later the regiment assaulted what they believed was a strong Turkish position at Khalassa, but discovered the defenders had withdrawn before their approach. On 19 July a Turkish force attacked across the Wadi Imleih towards Karm. The regiment moved forward to occupy a line of observation posts the next day, but again discovered that the Turks had withdrawn. Over the next weeks the regiment carried out numerous patrols around Beersheba, checking on the Turkish defences and dispositions. On 18 August they were sent to Marakeb to rest. Four weeks later, on 18 September, they returned to the front line at Fukhari.
Beersheba.
For the attack on Beersheba the New Zealand brigade was to move around the open Turkish left flank and assault the village from the east-north-east. They moved to Esani, to the south-east, on 24 October, then on the next day the Wellingtons established a long observation line between two and south-west of Beersheba. On 28 October the regiment moved another south-east to Khalassa, then the next day to Asluj, to the south of Beersheba.
Over the night of 30/31 October the attack on Beersheba began; the regiment formed part of the vanguard with the 6th Light Horse Regiment. At 00:45, the 9th Squadron lead and the 2nd Squadron provided flank and rear protection as the Wellingtons left the main column to capture a Turkish position at Goz El Shegeib, south-east of Beersheba. At 03:00 the position was secured - it was unoccupied - and the regiment remained there for instructions. Three hours later the 9th Squadron was attacked, from the north, by a squadron of Turkish cavalry. Supported by the 6th Squadron, they counter-attacked and forced the Turks to withdraw towards Beersheba. The regiment then moved to rejoin the brigade, which was now to the south-east of Beersheba. Continuing to move forward, at 08:00 they captured Salem Irgeig. The regiment now became the brigade reserve; the brigade assaulted the Saba Redoubt and captured it at 14:40. The 2nd Squadron was sent to reinforce the Auckland Mounted Rifles for their attack on Tel el Saba, which they captured at 15:00. The rest of the regiment were not involved in the battle, and Beersheba was eventually captured with a mounted charge by the 4th Light Horse Brigade. The Wellingtons casualties during the battle amounted to one dead and five wounded.
Holding their position overnight, at 07:00 the next morning the regiment advanced towards the crossing at El Likeyeh, to the north of Beersheba. Two hours later, just short of the crossing, the 6th Squadron, leading the regiment, were engaged by around 100 Turkish cavalry and two machine-guns. The squadron, supported by the 9th Squadron, immediately counter-attacked, and captured the position. They then continued on to their objective, where they met up with the Imperial Camel Corps Brigade (ICCB) and held the crossing until nightfall, when they were relieved so that they could return and camp at the Saba Redoubt. A shortage of water had affected all the division's operations, so on 2 November the brigade were moved east to Bir Imshash.
Ras El Nagb.
While the brigade was searching for water, the advance was running into problems. On 4 November the brigade was ordered to relieve the 5th Mounted Brigade at Ras El Nagb, north-east of Beersheba. At 17:30 the Canterbury Mounted Rifles arrived, followed by the 6th Squadron of the Wellington Mounted Rilfes, who lined up to the left of the Canterbury regiment, facing towards Kheuwelfeh. Their opposition was estimated to be around two thousand men and three artillery batteries. At 03:00 on 3 November the Turks began their attack; five hours later the 9th Squadron relieved the 6th Squadron in the front line. Only two hours later the 6th had to move back into the line, to the west of Ras El Nagb, where they stopped a Turkish attack trying to outflank the position. At 13:30 the 2nd Squadron came under a heavy artillery bombardment and suffered several casualties. After this the Turks carried out a bayonet charge, getting to within of the regiment's lines before, under heavy fire, they were forced to withdraw. The regiment managed to hold their position, by the weight of their fire power, until nightfall. The next morning the regiment was relieved by the ICCB. The battle had cost them nine men wounded. Gaza was captured on 7 November, but the regiment remained around Ras El Nagb until the night of 9 November.
Ayun Kara.
On 10 November the regiment returned to Beersheba, and the New Zealand brigade were ordered to move across the British front to the opposite flank. Four days later, just after 11:00, the 6th Squadron assisted the Canterbury Mounted Rifles in capturing a Turkish post defending the Wadi Hanein. But they could then see Turkish troops gathering in a nearby orange grove, and more Turkish troops to the north. When the rest of the brigade arrived Meldrum ordered an immediate attack. The regiment was to advance along the main road, with the Auckland Mounted Rifles on their left. The Somerset Battery Royal Horse Artillery and the Machine-Gun Squadron would provide fire support. The Canterbury Mounted Rifles would be the reserve. At 13:30, covered by artillery fire, the 9th Squadron started the assault. Their first target was a trench system at the top of the hill. Supported by covering fire from a 6th Squadron troop, they charged and captured the position, also capturing a Lewis Gun and a Turkish machine-gun. As the 2nd Squadron secured the position, the 9th Squadron continued forward for their secondary objective, which they charged and captured; here they captured two more machine-guns. At 14:15 the Auckland Mounted Rifles sighted a strong Turkish force preparing for a counter-attack, which began fifteen minutes later. Part of the assault came up against the left of the 9th Squadron, who fought off the attack with the support of five machine-guns. On the other flank the Auckland Mounted Rifles were under severe pressure and the regiment was ordered to assist them. Two troops from the 2nd Squadron mounted and galloped forward around across open ground. They then dismounted and charged a machine-gun post on the top of a knoll. Engaging the defenders in hand to hand combat, they captured the post and another machine-gun. From the knoll they were able to enfilade the Turkish troops attacking the Aucklanders, and forced them to retire. It was now 16:00 and the 9th Squadron, taking advantage of the Turkish withdrawal, charged and occupied the Turkish position in front of them. The 6th Squadron, on the right, also moved forward to support them. This prompted a general Turkish retirement, and by dusk they had left the battlefield. The Allies evacuated their wounded and, expecting another attack at dawn, prepared their defences. At 23:00 an Australian squadron and a camel squadron arrived to support the brigade. The regiment's casualties during the battle were eleven dead and forty-six wounded. Against that they had captured thirty-four prisoners as well as seven machine-guns and other military supplies.
River Auja.
The next day, 15 November, the Turkish force had completely withdrawn. The brigade continued the advance north, stopping just beyond Richon-le-Zion. The next day, at 09:30, patrols from the regiment entered the port of Jaffa. The town's only inhabitants were the civilian population, the Turkish troops having evacuated the town beforehand. At 11:00 the regiment's commander, Whyte, took formal possession of the Government buildings, posting guards at the German and Austrian Consulates and the post office.
Two days later, on 18 November, the regiment moved into a line of observation posts along the River Auja. The next day a troop from the 2nd Squadron were sent to locate crossing points across the river. They located a dam and a bridge to the north-east. Dismounting and approaching on foot, they had one man wounded, who was later taken prisoner. The following day the regiment was relieved by the other rest of the brigade, and moved to the rear, returning to the front line on 21 November.
The brigade was ordered to mount an assault across the river at 13:00 on 24 November; the regiment's objective being Khirbet Hadrah. First across were the Canterbury Mounted Rifles who crossed by a ford at the rivers mouth. Behind them the 6th and 9th Squadrons crossed and moved along the river bank to the bridge at Jerisheh, which they captured at 15:30, taking twenty-two prisoners. With the bridge secure, the regimental headquarters and the 2nd Squadron moved across to reinforce the attack, which then captured Khirbet Hadrah, capturing twenty-five prisoners and two machine-guns.
With the crossing secured, the 161st (Essex) Brigade moved across the river to reinforce the defence. The Wellingtons established observation posts further to the north. The next morning the 2nd Squadron sent a patrol on a reconnaissance, which located a strong Turkish force approaching. By 05:30 this Turkish force were attacking the 2nd Squadron's posts. At 07:00 the rest of the regiment, still south of the river, moved to support the defenders at Kirbet Hadrah, where they came under an artillery bombardment. At the same time the 2nd Squadron was ordered to fall back to support the infantry at Sheikh Muannis. The Turks continued their assault, and at 08:15 had forced the infantry to withdraw south of the river. Holding out until 09:30, the last unit to cross back over the river was the 2nd Squadron. In an attempt to keep possession of a crossing, the 6th and 9th Squadrons moved to cover the ford at the river mouth where they managed to stop the Turkish advance short of the ford. That night the 161st Brigade took over all the defences, but the New Zealanders remained close by to support them. The regiment had twelve men wounded during the fighting. They remained in the area until 4 December, when the brigade left for Ibn Ibrak, to the south-east of Jaffa, relieving the ICCB in the front line. On 11 December the regiment was attached to the 54th (East Anglian) Division at Beit Dejan as the army tactical reserve. Ten days later they were back with the New Zealand brigade, which was now north of the River Auja. The regiment encountered the Turkish rearguard at Ferrekhiyeh, but after locating the Turks' positions, the regiment was ordered back to Beit Dejan. Then they were ordered to move back to Sukereir, arriving on Christmas Day 1917.
Jordan Valley.
Jericho.
On 9 February the regiment started across country to Bethlehem, and by 17 February they were camped north-east of Bethlehem around the Mar Elias Monastery and Ibn Obeid. The same day, Whyte was injured in an aeroplane crash and Major Spragg became the temporary commanding officer. The next day, orders were issued for the capture of Jericho. The regiment were attached to the 60th (London) Division and had to move that night to be in position to begin the advance at 06:00 the next morning. They were tasked to be ready to intercept any retreating Turkish forces from El Muntar, which would be attacked by the infantry division.
That evening, 18 February, the regiment moved out, but before long the width of the track forced them to dismount and lead their horses by hand in single file. At 22:30 the head of the column came under fire from Turkish cavalry. They forced the Turks to withdraw, and later surrounded and captured several prisoners, one being Ali Salem a well-known Turkish spy. Continuing at 06:00 they captured their first objective two miles to the east of Mar Saba. Spreading out to capture any retreating Turkish forces, they advanced north, under fire, and at 10:40 joined up with the 60th Division. Mounted patrols were then sent out, one of which located a strong Turkish position. Located on the "Ancient Road" to Hill 306 and on to Hill 288, the Turkish positions were supported by five artillery pieces at Neba Musa.
At 17:00 the regiment was released from their attachment to the 60th Division, and returned to the command of the New Zealand brigade, which was advancing along the Jordan Valley, joining them an hour later. Problems crossing the mountainous terrain postponed any attack until daylight. At 03:00 the brigade moved out again with the Wellingtons on the right, advancing towards Hill 306, the Canterbury Mounted Rifles on the left towards Hill 288 and the Auckland Mounted Rifles forming the reserve. The 6th Squadron attacked Hill 306 from the south and the 2nd Squadron from the south-west. At dawn they came up against a large group of Turks "in a fortress-like position on the top of a steep hill-face, bristling with machine guns, commanding the surrounding country". With no artillery available, the squadrons were unable to advance with any speed, using only their small arms to support the assault. A gap appeared in the line between the regiment and the Canterbury Mounted Rifles, who had moved further north then had been intended. So the Auckland Mounted Rifles moved forward to assault Hill 288 instead. These galloped forward and captured Hill 288, forcing the Turks to withdraw, and the Wellingtons occupied Hill 306. Turkish artillery bombarded the hill, while their troops retired to the east. Holding an observation line overnight, at 06:00 the next morning the brigade advanced towards Jericho leaving the 9th Squadron to capture Rijm El Bahr, including its stores and boats, on the Dead Sea. Jericho was captured the same day by the Australian 1st Light Horse Brigade. As a whole, the operation cost the Wellingtons one killed and four wounded. On 22 February the regiment returned to Bethlehem along the Jericho–Jerusalem road, eventually returning to the Mar Elias Monastery. They met their commanding officer, Whyte, who had now recovered from his injuries. Three days later the brigade crossed back to the west, returning to Richon.
Amman.
A raid on Amman was the next operation for the regiment. The ANZAC Mounted Division, the 60th (London) Division and the ICCB would all take part. On 13 March the regiment started back to the Jordan Valley, through heavy rain. Orders for the raid were issued; the brigade would advance on mountain tracks via the village of Ain Es Sir, then to Amman. The rains continued postponing the raid and it was not until 01:30 on 24 March that the brigade crossed the River Jordan, by pontoon bridge at Hajlah. At 09:30 the regiment, the Canterbury Mounted Rifles and the 181st (2/6th London) Brigade started clearing the area between the river and the foothills. At 11:25 they charged and captured three artillery pieces. The brigade advance continued at 15:00, without the 6th Squadron which remained behind to assist the 181st Brigade in their assault on Es Salt. Still negotiating the mountain track, it started to rain again at 18:00 and the brigade camped for the night; starting again next morning they reached Ain Es Sir just after midday. There they were forced to stop and wait for their supplies to catch up with them.
Early on 26 March the rest of the ANZAC Mounted Division arrived, and the ICCB that evening. To cut off Amman from reinforcements, one of the regiment's troops set out that night and destroyed a section of the Hedjaz rail line to the south of the town. They returned the next morning without loss. Orders were issued for the attack on the town; the brigade would assault from the south. The 2nd Squadron was to provide flank protection, located in the area south-east of Es Sir. The rest of the regiment, including the headquarters, the 9th Squadron, and half a section of the Machine-Gun Squadron, escorted a demolition party to destroy the railway station at Kissar, just under to the south of Amman. En route the 9th Squadron located a train carrying around three hundred Turkish troops, stopped in a cutting. When they opened fire the train pulled out towards Kissar, where it ran into a squadron from the Auckland Mounted Rifles and one of the 9th Squadron's troops. Some of the Turks left the train to fight on foot, while the train continued on to Amman, leaving them behind. The regiment's men left the demolition party to be escorted by troops from the ICCB, and returned to the brigade outside Amman.
On 28 March the brigade, reinforced by the 4th (ANZAC) Battalion ICCB, tried to capture Hill 3039 south-west of Amman. The attack failed and further attempts were postponed until after nightfall. The night assault began at 02:00; two troops of the 9th Squadron were involved in the second line to protect the left flank. The attack was successful and the brigade commenced improvements to the defences in order to withstand any counter-attack.
The Wellingtons dug in at the centre of the position, with the Aucklands on their right and the Canterburys on the left. The expected counter-attack started at 05:00 with an artillery bombardment. As the Turkish troop approached the brigade lines, at 09:20 an order to withdraw was given. As the regiment, the Canterburys and the cameliers started to retire, it allowed the Turks to reach the crest of Hill 3039. It was then realised the order was mistaken, and the brigade officers rallied their man and charged back, forcing the Turks back down the hill. Further Turkish counter-attacks continued throughout the day, and at 16:00 a troop from the 9th Squadron on the right flank, when the Turkish got close to their lines, had to do a counter-attack of their own. By now it was appreciated that the division could not achieve their objectives, and a withdrawal back towards the Jordan river was ordered. By 22:30 the wounded had been evacuated and the regiment pulled back unopposed, reaching Ain Es Sir at 04:00 the next day. Turkish troops then closed on their position, but that evening the 6th Squadron rejoined the regiment. A line of observation posts were then established to monitor the approaching Turks. The regiment made plans to hold them off until the division passed through the village, and then withdraw back across the river. At 03:45 on 1 April, the 2nd Squadron formed a skirmish line to the north of Ain Es Sir, the 9th Squadron another line to the south-east, while the 6th Squadron were the reserve. By 07:00 the brigade, bringing up the rear, reached the village. Once they had passed them the 6th Squadron joined the end of the line. At 07:45 the 2nd Squadron opened fire on Turkish troops coming from the north, while the 9th Squadron withdrew, followed soon after by the 2nd Squadron. As they entered the village, enemy troops in the hills opened fire on them. The squadron immediately counter-attacked, supported by two troops from the 9th Squadron. The remainder of the regiment stopped to the south, forming a defensive line. The Turkish troops in the hills were soon dealt with by the 2nd Squadron, and as they withdrew, the regiment was able to provide covering fire. Finally, just after 20:00, they arrived back at Shunet Nimrin, and camped for the night. Their casualties during the raid were fourteen dead and eight wounded. The brigade recrossed the River Jordan at the Ghoraniyeh pontoon bridge on 2 April.
Ghoraniyeh.
As the ANZAC Mounted Division pulled back to the west bank of the Jordan, the Wellingtons remained behind strengthening the defences at the Ghoraniyeh bridge-head. On 18 April, the regiment, less the 6th Squadron, were part of a brigade force that advanced on the village of Shunet Nimrin. The operation was a deception to convince the Turks that further raids on Amman were imminent. The next day patrols from the regiment located a large Turkish force in the foothills around the village. The brigade positioned as if to attack them, then when they reinforced their position, the brigade withdrew. That night they crossed back over the river and camped outside Jericho. The regiment moved again on 23 April, to camp in the foothills to the south of Jericho.
On 30 April the second raid across the Jordan began, their objective this time to capture Es Salt. This time a much larger force was involved, under command of the Desert Mounted Corps.
The Wellingtons and the rest of the New Zealand brigade were part of the force assigned to attack the village of Shunet Nimrin. At 03:30 when the brigade crossed over the Ghoraniyeh pontoon, the regiment came under command of the 180th (2/5th London) Brigade, providing protection for their right flank as they advanced on the village. The difficult terrain and the strength of the Turkish defences hindered progress, and by dusk they were still some distance away from their objective. The next day the advance continued, but in the face of growing Turkish resistance, and with the arrival of Turkish reinforcements, they were in danger of being cut off and surrounded. So on 4 May the whole force withdrew back across the River Jordan, leaving the Wellingtons behind to protect the bridge-head.
Many men were infected with malaria, and the regiment was periodically rotated away from the valley bottom to the western hills. Their first move back west was on the 16 May, when they moved to the brigade camp site near Talaat Ed Dumm, remaining there for the next thirteen days. On 30 May they moved to Solomon's Pools, to the south of Bethlehem. On 14 June the regiment returned to the front line at Ain Ed Duk, two miles north of Jericho. There they established observation posts to monitor Turkish activity, remaining until they were relieved on 30 June.
Abu Tellul.
On 9 July Major Charles Dick assumed temporary command of the regiment, while Whyte was on leave and the regiment was in the front line near Abu Tellul. On 13 July the neighbouring sector of the line, a salient defended by the Australian 1st Light Horse Brigade, came under a heavy artillery bombardment. Some rounds landed on the regiment's positions, causing casualties. At dawn on 14 July German soldiers attacked the light horse brigade. By 07:00 they had broken the Australian lines in the east, and the Wellingtons came under command of the light horse brigade to support their defence. Thirty minutes later the 9th Squadron advanced, on foot, along the Wadi Aujah, and occupied a position on the west of the salient just before the Germans' Turkish allies attacked. The 9th Squadron managed to hold their line, but because they were engaging a far larger force, the 6th Squadron moved forward on their left to support them. The two squadrons' lines were able to mutually support each other and engage the attacking Turks with a "withering fire". Then the two squadrons and the light horse counter-attacked, forcing back their opposition and capturing 400 prisoners, sixty-one of them taken by the Wellingtons, along with a machine gun and a Bergman automatic rifle. The Turks continued to hold a position in the north until forced to withdraw by the New Zealanders. The regiment's casualties during the battle were four dead and nine wounded. They remained at the front until 19 July when they rotated back to Talaat Ed Dumm.
Chaytor's Force.
In August the brigade formed the divisional reserve located around Jericho. In September they moved forward to form the left (northern) flank of the Jordan Valley defences. At the same time, the brigade took command of the 1st and 2nd Battalions British West Indies Regiment and the 38th and 39th Battalions Royal Fusiliers, which were part of a larger deception force commanded by the divisional commander, Chaytor. They were tasked with convincing the Turks that the next British attack would be from the Jordan Valley, while the forces were actually being realigned to attack in the west. The regiment was heavily involved in the deception, carrying out offensive patrolling, constructing dummy camps, and moving back and forwards behind the lines to give the impression of a much larger force than was actually present.
The British attack in the west began on 19 September; the next day the New Zealand brigade started increasing pressure on the Turkish positions opposite them. The first breakthrough was made on 21 September, by the Auckland Mounted Rifles. At 18:30 the brigade was ordered to advance on Kherbet Fusail, with the objective of securing a position at Damieh. By midnight the brigade had reached Kerbet Fusail, and the Wellingtons were ordered to seize El Makhruk and at the same time occupy the roads leading north and west. The 9th Squadron lead the regiment, and moved along the Wadi Farah towards El Makhruk. As they closed on the village they could hear vehicles moving along the road. Pressing forward they captured four hundred prisoners, including the commander and staff of the Turkish 53rd Division, seventy transport vehicles and a large quantity of supplies. Moving on, at 04:30 they reached and occupied the village. The 2nd and 9th Squadrons remained at El Makhurk, while the 6th Squadron continued north-west for another to occupy the neighbouring village of Tel El Mazar where they captured even more Turkish supplies and equipment. On 23 September it was apparent that the Turkish Fourth Army was trying to withdraw north. The brigade was ordered to try and intercept them. The 6th Squadron, with a West Indies battalion, were left to guard the Damieh bridge, while the remainder of the brigade moved towards Es Salt, which they occupied at 16:20 the same day.
The next day, 24 September, the brigade continued its advance by heading towards Suweileh, with the Wellingtons protecting the open flank. The next day the ANZAC mounted division was ordered to capture Amman. The Wellingtons provided the vanguard, and at 07:45, two miles north-west of Amman, the 9th Squadron, in the lead, was engaged by machine-gun and rifle fire and could see Turkish cavalry in the distance. At 08:10 the 2nd Squadron moved forward to support the 9th, but came under fire from two redoubts. They took cover and were able to bring enfilade fire onto the redoubts and also onto a force of Turkish reinforcements preparing a counter-attack. At 10:00 the 9th Squadron were relieved by the 2nd Australian Light Horse Brigade. Manoeuvring enabled the division to press forward, forcing the Turkish defenders to retire. At 11:30 the regiment, with the Canterbury Mounted Rifles, were ordered to assault Amman. Leaving the 2nd Squadron to deal with concealed machine-gun posts, the rest continued the attack. By 14:40 they had closed on Amman and the 9th Squadron had captured a hill in front of Stone Tower. At 15:00 the Canterbury Mounted Rifles galloped into the town and all resistance there ceased. The regiment pressed forward along the Wadi Amman and captured three artillery pieces. By 16:30 all Turkish positions had been taken, along with hundreds of prisoners. That was the last battle of the campaign fought by the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade. The regiment camped beside the town until 29 September, when they left for Ziza to assist the 2nd Light Horse Brigade, who had captured five thousand prisoners. On 1 October they set out to return to the Jordan Valley.
Post war.
The regiment's part in the war was now effectively over. On 4 October they camped to the north-west of Jericho for the next four days. They then moved back to their old camp at the Mar Elias monastery, and eventually reached Richon le Zion on 14 October.
By January 1919, the regiment were still waiting to return home, and had begun education courses, continuation training and playing sports. This occupied them until March when a revolt broke out in Egypt, and the regiment drew its equipment back out of storage and headed for the Nile Delta. Posted to Quesna, all of the regiment's squadrons, except the 9th which went to Cairo, began policing the riots and trying to stop looting. Once the rioting had been quelled, the regiment once again waited to return home. Their return finally began on 30 June 1919, when the majority of the brigade left the Suez Canal for New Zealand and the Wellington Mounted Rifles Regiment ceased to be a unit.
Casualties.
During its service 369 of the regiment's men died from all causes, either killed in action, died of wounds or of disease. Another 453 men were wounded, some more than once. More than half of the dead, 207 men, were killed during the seven months they fought in the static trench warfare of the Gallipoli Campaign; another 129 men were killed during their two years of more mobile warfare in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign. Gallipoli also accounted for more than half of the wounded, a total of 258 men compared to 195 men who were wounded in Sinai and Palestine.
Many of the Gallipoli dead have no known grave. The Commonwealth War Graves Commission Chunuk Bair Cemetery, constructed on the site where the Turks buried Allied war dead after the evacuation, has 632 graves of which only ten men have been identified. Similarly, the nearby Hill 60 Cemetery has another 788 graves, of which only seventy-six were identified.
Honours.
Several men of the regiment were recognised for their service by the British Empire awards system. The regiment's first commanding officer, Meldrum, was invested as a Companion of the Order of the Bath, a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George and a Companion of the Distinguished Service Order (DSO). His successor, Whyte, was also invested with a DSO, as well as a bar as a second award. Another four officers were also invested with a DSO, while seven officers were awarded a Military Cross and two officers received civilian awards, becoming officers and members of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire. The regiment's other ranks were awarded five Distinguished Conduct Medals and twenty Military Medals, and there were fifty-nine Mentions in Despatches amongst all ranks, some men being mentioned more than once.

</doc>
<doc id="18675517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675517" title="Denis Stinat">
Denis Stinat

Denis Stinat (born 18 July 1983 in Chartres) is a French football defender who currently plays for FC Martigues.

</doc>
<doc id="18675525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675525" title="Lucena City National High School">
Lucena City National High School

Lucena City National High School (LCNHS) is a public secondary school located at Brgy. Ibabang Dupay, Lucena City, Philippines with more than 3,000 enrolleess from first year to fourth year. This is the first public secondary school in the Division of Lucena.
History.
Lucena City National High School is formerly Ibabang Dupay National High School was founded on July 16, 1993 through the Republic Act 1192. It was initiated by Dr. Leonora Guerrero, division superintendent and with the help of Dr. Azucena Romulo, Asst. Division Superintendent, Mrs.Villabrosa, Elvira Razon Aranilla Elementary School (ERAES) principal, Mr. Ricardo Orinday and Mr. Rolando Ingles, Parent-Teachers Association (PTA) President. During the school years, Dr. Guerrero wants to change the school’s name as Science National High School but the students’ average is not fit to the standard of education. Based on the survey, the students can’t reach the average for the curriculum as Science High School and that gives way to stick with their principles. 
The IDNHS has only one building with two classrooms donated by Cong. Jun Punzalan. At that time, the school ground is still a rice field and full of mud, they have their school canteen under the stairs and their comfort rooms were improvised. On 1993, the school has only three teachers; they are Mrs. Encomienda, Mr. Metierre and Mrs. Importante. The pioneer teachers get their salary at the Malacañang and it takes a long time for them to get their salaries with the great help of Mr. Ricardo Orinday. There are only 79 first year students that time. After a couple of months, Mrs. Encomienda left the school and substituted by Mrs. Filomena Bayani and Mrs. Mina Importante substituted by Mrs. Mayami David and Mrs. Lolita Santa Ana was the Officer-in-Charge, Division English Supervisor. Its former principal was Mrs. 

</doc>
<doc id="18675530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675530" title="MTV2 (disambiguation)">
MTV2 (disambiguation)

MTV2 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18675543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675543" title="Marathi–Konkani languages">
Marathi–Konkani languages

The Marathi–Konkani languages are the mainland Southern Indic languages, spoken in Maharashtra and the Konkan region of India:
Languages.
Several of the Marathi–Konkani languages have been variously claimed to be dialects of both Marathi and Konkani.
Maharashtrian Konkani.
A collection of dialects of Marathi–Konkani languages spoken in the Konkan region is referred to as Maharashtrian Konkani. It is often mistakenly extended to cover Goan Konkani which is an independent language. George Abraham Grierson has referred to this dialect as the "Konkan Standard of Marathi" in order to differentiate it from Konkani language. The sub-dialects of Konkani gradually merge from standard Marathi into Goan Konkani from north to south Konkan. The various sub dialects are: Parabhi, Koli, Kiristanv, Kunbi, Agari, Dhangari, Thakri, Karadhi, and Maoli. These sub-dialects are together considered by the ISO to be a separate language and is assigned the ISO 639-3 code knn.
Vadvali.
Vadvali or Phudagi was primarily spoken by Vadvals, which basically means agricultural plot owners, of the Naigaon, Vasai to Dahanu region. Somavamshi Kshatriyas speak this dialect. This language is preserved mostly by the Roman Catholics native to this region, since they are a closely knit community here and have very few relatives outside this region. It was also widely spoken among the Hindus native to this region, but due to external influences, ordinary Marathi is now more popular among the Hindus. There are many songs in this language. Recently a book was published by Nutan Patil containing around 70 songs. The songs are about marriage, pachvi etc. The dialect of the Kolis (fisherfolk) of Vasai and neighbouring Mumbai resembles this dialect closely, though they speak with a heavier accent.
There is a village in Vasai called Chulna, which was predominantly Roman Catholic (now cosmopolitan).
The striking feature of the dialect here contrasting it with Vadvali, is the preference of pronouncing the thinner 'l' and 'n' ('ल' and 'न') instead of the thicker 'l' and 'n' ('ळ' and 'ण'), which is retained even in the current generation of speakers even for conversing normal Marathi.
Samavedi.
Samavedi or Kadodi is spoken in the interiors of the Nala Sopara and Virar regions to the north of Mumbai in the Vasai TalukaUran panvel, Thane District of Maharashtra. The name of this language correctly suggests that its origins lie with the Samavedi Brahmins native to this region. This language, too, finds more speakers among the Roman Catholic converts native to the region (who are known as East Indians), but nevertheless is popular among the Samavedi Brahmins. This dialect is very different from the other Marathi dialects spoken in other regions of Maharashtra, but resembles Vadvali very closely. Both Vadvali and Samavedi have relatively high proportions of words imported from Portuguese as compared to ordinary Marathi, because of direct influence of the Portuguese who colonized this region till 1739.
There is a little difference between Samvedi and Kadodi. Though all Kadodis were originally Brahmins, they converted to Christianity at the time of Portuguese ruin, 300 years ago.
Official status.
With the exception of Marathi and Goan Konkani, the languages have no official status. Most are considered to be a dialect of one of the larger local languages. Goan Konkani is the official language of the Indian state of Goa, Marathi of Maharashtra, and both are also among India's national languages.

</doc>
<doc id="18675550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675550" title="Julien Lachuer">
Julien Lachuer

Julien Lachuer (born 15 November 1976 in Saint-Maur) is a French football goalkeeper. He currently plays for Stade Brest 29.

</doc>
<doc id="18675553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675553" title="GGH encryption scheme">
GGH encryption scheme

The Goldreich–Goldwasser–Halevi (GGH) lattice-based cryptosystem is an asymmetric cryptosystem based on lattices. There is also a GGH signature scheme.
The Goldreich–Goldwasser–Halevi (GGH) cryptosystem makes use of the fact that the closest vector problem can be a hard problem. It was published in 1997 and uses a trapdoor one-way function that is relying on the difficulty of lattice reduction. The idea included in this trapdoor function is that, given any basis for a lattice, it is easy to generate a vector which is close to a lattice point, for example
taking a lattice point and adding a small error vector. But to return from this erroneous vector to the original lattice point a special basis is needed.
The GGH encryption scheme was cryptanalyzed in 1999 by Phong Q. Nguyen.
Operation.
GGH involves a private key and a public key.
The private key is a basis formula_1 of a lattice formula_2 with good properties (such as short nearly orthogonal vectors) and a unimodular matrix formula_3.
The public key is another basis of the lattice formula_2 of the form formula_5.
For some chosen M, the message space consists of the vector formula_6 in the range formula_7.
Encryption.
Given a message formula_8, error formula_9, and a
public key formula_10 compute
In matrix notation this is
Remember formula_13 consists of integer values, and formula_14 is a lattice point, so v is also a lattice point. The ciphertext is then
Decryption.
To decrypt the cyphertext one computes
The Babai rounding technique will be used to remove the term formula_17 as long as it is small enough. Finally compute
to get the messagetext.
Example.
Let formula_19 be a lattice with the basis formula_1 and its inverse formula_21
With
this gives
Let the message be formula_27 and the error vector formula_28. Then the ciphertext is
To decrypt one must compute
This is rounded to formula_31 and the message is recovered with
Security of the scheme.
1999 Nguyen showed at the Crypto conference that the GGH encryption scheme has a flaw in the design of the schemes. He showed that every ciphertext reveals information about the plaintext and that the problem of decryption could be turned into a special closest vector problem much easier to solve than the general CVP.

</doc>
<doc id="18675561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675561" title="Leider/Vergissmeinnicht">
Leider/Vergissmeinnicht

"Leider/Vergissmeinnicht" ("Regrettably/Forget-me-not") is a US limited edition double single from the German industrial metal band Eisbrecher, from their album Antikörper. It combines all the tracks from Leider and Vergissmeinnicht, as well as two videos.

</doc>
<doc id="18675566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675566" title="Paul Mezger">
Paul Mezger

Paul Mezger (born 23 November 1637, at Eichstädt; died 12 April 1702 at Salzburg) was an Austrian Benedictine theologian and academic of St. Peter's Archabbey, Salzburg. 
Life.
He took vows in 1653 and was ordained priest in 1660. He taught at the gymnasium of Salzburg, 1660-4. He was master of novices and director of clerics, 1664-6, and taught philosophy, first at the University of Salzburg, 1668–70; then at the monastery of Göttweig, 1671-2.
Returning to the University of Salzburg, he taught theology, 1673–88, and exegesis and polemics, 1689-1700. In 1683 he had succeeded his deceased brother Joseph Mezger as vice-chancellor. 
Works.
His major work is: "Theologia scholastica secundum viam et doctrinam D. Thomae" (4 volumes, Augsburg, 1695, 1719), on dogmatic theology. The author's treatments of the immaculate conception and of papal infallibility are in accordance with the later definitions of 1854 and 1870, respectively. 
His other works are: 

</doc>
<doc id="18675588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675588" title="L'inafferrabile 12">
L'inafferrabile 12

"L'inafferrabile 12" is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Walter Chiari.

</doc>
<doc id="18675599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675599" title="J.M. Carvalho">
J.M. Carvalho

J.M. (Joaquim) Carvalho is a former Indian field hockey player and coach. He was awarded the Arjuna Award for his performance. He quit the position of coach of Indian team when the team failed to qualify for 2008 Olympics- first time since 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="18675605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675605" title="Ingar Roggen">
Ingar Roggen

Ingar Roggen (Dich Ingar Emil Roggen, born 26 April 1934 in Valencia, Spain) is considered one of the European social informatics pioneers. His field of work is focused on the social aspects of virtual space, the social analysis of Internet, the interaction between man and computer, and with the implications of the information technology usage communication in all fields of society In 1996 he introduced the [http://74.54.153.101/websosorigins.html Sociology of the World Wide Web (web sociology) as a web science, based on the principles of social informatics. He earned the Norwegian degree of Magister Artium (Mag.Art., English: Ph.D.) in sociology in 1970 with a thesis on social time, where he developed a theory of Relative Social Time with tense logic as method. Through a series of studies of health risk factors in Norwegian industries and social services in 1970-1990 he developed a system for detection, prediction and prevention of supermortality in workplaces. At the Department of Sociology and Human Geography at the University of Oslo in Norway he held a position as a lecturer until retirement in 2004.
From a global historical viewpoint Stein Bråten must be considered as the founder of the science of social informatics, which he originally called "socioinformatics" (Norwegian: sosioinformatikk). He defined it as the common field of psychology, sociology and informatics. (Stein Bråten: Dialogens vilkår i datasamfunnet. Universitetsforlaget 1983.) At the Department of Sociology, University of Oslo (UiO) Stein Bråten inspired a group of pioneers in this field, including Eivind Jahren, Arild Jansen and Ingar Roggen. When web sociology was introduced in 1996, the first World Wide Web Virtual Laboratoratory (known as Weblab at UiO) was established at the Department of Sociology, directed by Ingar Roggen in collaboration with Knut A. G. Hauge and Trond Enger. The Department offered degrees up to the master (Norwegian: Cand.Polit.) level in these fields until 2000. While Kristen Nygaard's Simula was the programming language shared by the early socioinformaticians, the web sociologists gathered around Bill Atkinson's HyperCard with the programming language HyperTalk, the forerunner of the WWW-languages. The late Rob Kling, who had been given a personal introduction by Stein Bråten to the ongoing research on social informatics at the University of Oslo in 1986, and also had noted the introduction of web sociology in January 1996, established the American branch of social informatics at Indiana University later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18675609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675609" title="Light-emitting electrochemical cell">
Light-emitting electrochemical cell

A light-emitting electrochemical cell (LEC or LEEC) is a solid-state device that generates light from an electric current (electroluminescence). LEC's are usually composed of two metal electrodes connected by (e.g. sandwiching) an organic semiconductor containing mobile ions. Aside from the mobile ions, their structure is very similar to that of an organic light-emitting diode (OLED).
LECs have most of the advantages of OLEDs, as well as additional ones:
History.
While electroluminescence had been seen previously in similar devices, the invention of the polymer LEC is attributed to Pei et al. Since then, numerous research groups, and even a few companies, have worked on improving and commercializing the devices.
In March 2012, Tricia Breen Carmichael et al. of the University of Windsor reported the first inherently stretchable LEEC using an elastomeric emissive material (at room temperature). It was featured on the cover of the May 22, 2012 edition of the journal Advanced Materials. Dispersing an ionic transition metal complex into an elastomeric matrix enables the fabrication of intrinsically stretchable light-emitting devices that possess large emission areas (∼175 mm2) and tolerate linear strains up to 27% and repetitive cycles of 15% strain. This work demonstrates the suitability of this approach to new applications in conformable lighting that require uniform, diffuse light emission over large areas.
In 2012, Ludvig Edman and Andreas Sandström of the Umeå University reported that they succeeded in making organic light-emitting electrochemical cells (LECs) using a roll-to-roll compatible process under ambient conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="18675648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675648" title="Praxis Business School, Kolkata">
Praxis Business School, Kolkata

The Praxis Business School, Kolkata is an institute imparting post graduate education in management. It is located on Bakrahat Road, Rasapunja, on the southern outskirts of Kolkata city, in the state of West Bengal, India.
History.
The institute was established in July 2007.
In its initial years, Praxis was supported by faculty inputs from XLRI, a business school.
Programs offered.
Post Graduate Program in Business Management.
Praxis offers a two-year fully residential Post Graduate Program in Business Management. 
Post Graduate Program in Business Analytics.
Praxis offers a one-year full-time Post Graduate Program in Business Analytics. PwC and ICICI Bank are the knowledge partners for this program.
The Learning Environment.
Physical Infrastructure.
Campus on a 9 acre expanse of land.
The academic block
The building is wi-fi enabled and houses lecture theatres, classrooms, and a library.
The residential block
The residential block comprises single-occupancy rooms, a multi-gym, a recreation room equipped with pool, table tennis and other facilities, a mess hall, a student-run convenience store, a doctor’s chamber and a night canteen on the terrace. The residential block is also ‘smart,’ with complete wi-fi connectivity.

</doc>
<doc id="18675655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675655" title="Auckland Mounted Rifles Regiment">
Auckland Mounted Rifles Regiment

The Auckland Mounted Rifles Regiment was a mounted infantry regiment from New Zealand raised, in August 1914, for service during the First World War. It was assigned to the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade, part of the New Zealand Expeditionary Force.
The regiment was established with twenty-six officers, 523 other ranks and 600 horses. It was formed from three squadrons belonging to pre war Territorial Force regiments: the 3rd (Auckland) Mounted Rifles, the 4th (Waikato) Mounted Rifles and the 11th (North Auckland) Mounted Rifles. It included a small headquarters and, until 1916, a Maxim machine-gun section. During the war, the Maxim guns were withdrawn but the regiment's fire-power increased until each squadron had four Hotchkiss machine-guns, one per troop, by the end of the war.
As mounted infantry, the regiment rode into battle on their horses but were expected to dismount and fight on foot. The regiment fought predominantly against the forces of the Ottoman Turkish Empire. Their first engagement was in the Gallipoli Campaign between May and December 1915, during which they participated in the largest battle of that theatre at Chunuk Bair and the fighting for Hill 60. Evacuated to Egypt, the regiment took part in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign from 1916 to 1918. Their early battles included Romani, Gaza and Beersheba. Later in the war, they were part of the force that occupied the Jordan Valley and took part in the raids on Amman and Es Salt. Their final wartime operation was in connection with the capture of the Turkish Fourth Army. During the four years of war, the regiment sustained 434 dead from all causes and 627 wounded, several of those more than once. After the war, the regiment played a minor role in the Egyptian Revolution of 1919 before it was disbanded in June 1919.
History.
Formation.
The Auckland Mounted Rifles Regiment was raised in August 1914, at the start of the First World War, from the region around Auckland on the North Island of New Zealand. The regiment was commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Ernest Randolph Mackesy, and comprised a headquarters, a machine-gun section and three squadrons formed from Territorial Force regiments. The New Zealand Territorial Force included a compulsory training system and New Zealand's four military districts were required to supply a mounted regiment for the New Zealand Expeditionary Force. To meet that obligation, each of the Territorial Force regiments provided a squadron, which kept its own regimental badges and traditions. The squadrons for the Auckland Mounted Rifles came from the 3rd (Auckland) Mounted Rifles, the 4th (Waikato) Mounted Rifles and the 11th (North Auckland) Mounted Rifles.
Upon its establishment, the regiment comprised twenty-six officers and 523 other ranks, who were mounted on 528 riding horses, seventy-four draught horses and six pack horses. Each squadron of 158 men had a field headquarters and four troops. Although the regiment used horses, they were not cavalry but mounted infantry, and were expected to ride to the battlefield, dismount and fight as traditional infantry. The regiment was assigned to the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade, serving alongside two other mounted infantry regimentsthe Wellington Mounted Rifles and the Canterbury Mounted Rifles.
Embarkation.
What remained of August and most of September was taken up with training, until the regiment received embarkation orders and set sail from Auckland on 23 September. The unescorted transport ships returned to the same harbour the next morning, believing two German cruisers, were in the area. The troops disembarked and it was not until 11 October that they sailed again. This time they reached Wellington on 14 October. Two days later, now part of a large convoy of transport ships, four warships and 9,000 men, they sailed again for an "unknown destination". Stopping at Hobart, the New Zealand convoy waited until 1 November to be joined by an Australian contingent, then thirty-eight ships set sail, heading north. With only brief halts to re-coal at Colombo on 15 November and Aden on 24 November, the convoy entered the Suez Canal on 1 December. Four days later, the regiment disembarked at Alexandria. They entrained for Cairo and established their camp on the edge of the desert, in the suburb of Zeitoun. In the following months, the regiment practised their horsemanship, conducted small arms and bayonet training, and learned to construct trenches.
Gallipoli.
In May 1915, the regiment, with the rest of the brigade, was warned to prepare to embark for the Gallipoli Campaign, serving in a dismounted role as part of the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps (ANZAC). A rear party remained behind to look after the horses while twenty-six officers and 482 other ranks boarded the transport ships. On 12 May they landed at ANZAC Cove and the next day took over from the Royal Naval Brigade in the front line. The regiment was responsible for the section of the front known as "Walker's Top" and "The Nek", opposite what was possibly the strongest Turkish position, only away.
They defeated their first Turkish attack on 18/19 May, when their position was subjected to small arms fire from midnight until 03:00. Then the Turkish troops assaulted "Walker's Top" and "Quinn's Post". The attack lasted an hour, and cost the regiment twenty-two dead and twenty-seven wounded, but they held the position. On 22 May they were relieved by the 9th Light Horse Regiment, and moved to the rear. In June the regiment repeatedly moved between front and rear area positions, and was not involved in a major battle. With Mackesy ill, Major Frank Chapman arrived from Egypt on 25 May to assume command of the regiment. He was followed five days later by one officer and 107 other ranks as reinforcements. He was followed, five days later, by one officer and 107 other ranks of reinforcements. The situation remained the same in July, and another two officers and ten men arrived to replace casualties.
August saw the regiment involved in the largest engagement of the campaign, at Chunuk Bair. After successfully capturing a Turkish position at "Old No.3 Post" on 6 August, they fought off several counter-attacks, until 9 August, with a strength of only sixty-six men from the 310 who started the battle, they were withdrawn to a rear area. Their casualties were fifty-seven dead, 144 wounded and twenty-seven missing in action. On 23 August those survivors with the Wellington Mounted Rifles returned to the front line and four days later took part in the fighting around Hill 60. Their assault began at 17:00 and the regiment, with the Canterbury Mounted Rifles, captured the Turkish front line. The Wellington Mounted Rifles and Otago Mounted Rifles, following up, passed beyond the regiment to capture the Turkish reserve line. All four regiments suffered heavy casualties and had to fight off several counter-attacks. On 29 August the regiment was relieved and moved to a safer area; their casualties during the battle amounted to thirty-eight dead, and sixty-five wounded.
Early in September the regiment, now five officers and eighty-three men, were moved back into the front line at "Cheshire Ridge". They were relieved on 12 September and left Gallipoli the next day for the rest camp on the island of Lemnos, where they were joined by three officers and 216 other ranks as reinforcements on 5 October. Three days later, James Neil McCarroll assumed command of the regiment on temporary promotion to lieutenant-colonel, while Mackesy was temporarily commander of the brigade. On 10 November the regiment, now ten officers and 286 other ranks, returned to Gallipoli, to prepare defences at "Waterfall Gully". Three days later, another sixty-six reinforcements arrived and moved into the front line at "Gloucester Hill". On 14 December the regiment left for Lemnos again. They remained on the island until 22 December, when they sailed for Egypt. Disembarking four days later, they returned to their previous camp at Zeitoun. Mackesy returned to command the regiment on 27 December.
Sinai.
The regiment spent its first month back in Egypt training. Then, once more back up to full establishment, it moved forward to defend the Suez Canal in the area of the Great Bitter Lake. At the same time, it also lost some of its veterans, including those who were wounded and convalescing in England, when several men were transferred to the infantry and artillery on the Western Front.
In March the regiment, still part of the brigade, was assigned to the newly formed ANZAC Mounted Division. Then on 23 April the regiment was ordered to move into the Sinai Desert to counter a Turkish attack against the British yeomanry at Katia. The following week the whole brigade relieved the 2nd Light Horse Brigade at Romani. The defeated Turkish troops had withdrawn east around to Salmana and the brigade was ordered to attack those positions. On 30 May the Auckland Mounted Rifles moved in advance of the brigade, circling around to get into a position to the south-south-east of Salmana. By 04:45 the regiment was ready and the attack started. They galloped towards the Turkish position on a mound, defended by around 200–300 men. Reaching the base of the mound, they dismounted and charged uphill with bayonets fixed. The defenders withdrew, pursued by the 3rd Squadron until Turkish reinforcements appeared and the squadron rejoined the regiment. Turkish casualties in the assault are unknown, but the regiment had only one man wounded.
The regiment now lost its Maxim machine-gun section; the guns were withdrawn to help form the brigade Machine-Gun Squadron. They were replaced with three Lewis guns, one per squadron. The loss of the section reduced the regiment's establishment to twenty-four officers and 499 other ranks.
Romani.
At the end of July, the 3rd Squadron was sent to patrol to the south near the Nagid well, observing the left flank of a Turkish force crossing the Sinai. On 1 August patrols from the 11th Squadron were sent east of Dueidar, to the En Nuss and Nagid wells, as a defence force and to expand the wells to support a brigade. On 3 August the rest of the regiment moved to Dueidar. At that time, a Turkish force occupied Mount Royston at Romani. As a result, the regiment was ordered to rejoin the brigade, and by 11:30 they were observing around 2,000 Turkish troops on Mount Royston. For the next thirty minutes the regiment was bombed by Turkish artillery, when a brigade attack was ordered. The 3rd Squadron, supported by Lewis guns from the machine-gun sections, was positioned in the centre of the line between the Canterbury Mounted Rifles and a British yeomanry regiment. The advance forced the Turkish outposts to withdraw. By 16:45, using the cover available, the regiment drew close enough to charge the Turkish defences, capturing 250 prisoners and a field hospital. All together the brigade took 1,000 prisoners and a mountain artillery battery. The regiment's casualties were two dead and six wounded.
Early the next day the NZMRB moved towards Katia, with the intention of attacking a Turkish gun emplacement. The brigade positioned itself between the 2nd Light Horse Brigade on the left and the 3rd Light Horse Brigade on the right. Taking the lead, the regiment advanced close enough by 14:30 to charge the position on horseback, then dismounted and continued the attack on foot, all in the face of heavy rifle and machine-gun fire. No progress was made and they spent the rest of the day returning fire from cover. The engagement cost the regiment one dead and six wounded.
That night the regiment bivouacked at Katib Gannit and returned to the site of the battle the next day, 6 August, but the Turkish army had withdrawn eastwards. The brigade was ordered to advance until contact was regained with the Turkish force, which they located around 12:00, to the east of Oghratina. The regiment remained in contact all day, without suffering any casualties. They also located a telephone wire that the withdrawing Turks had failed to disconnect, enabling them to monitor the German and Turkish command issuing orders.
Abd.
The next day the brigade became the division reserve, so the regiment had a day of rest. On the following day, 8 August, they advanced again. By then, Oghratina was unoccupied. Later that day reconnaissance patrols located the Turkish force around west of the well at Abd.
After halting overnight, the regiment led the NZMRB at 04:30 to attack the Turkish position. By 05:15 the regiment made contact with the Turkish outposts and advanced on foot towards the main Turkish defences, under covering fire from the Royal Horse Artillery (RHA). The regiment had the 3rd Squadron on the left, and two troops of the 11th Squadron and a machine-gun section on the right. Their right flank was supposed to be covered by the 3rd Light Horse Brigade, but it had failed to arrive. In consequence the regiment had to extend its lines to cover the open flank, so two troops from the 4th Squadron were sent there. Things were also not going well on the other flank. At 11:20 the Canterbury Mounted Rifles were forced to retire. Then, just before midday, two Turkish battalions of about 1,100 men attacked the regiment. Still supported by the RHA, the brigade held its positions. For the next three and a half hours, the brigade was subjected to a heavy artillery bombardment. This was followed by another attack by three Turkish battalions. Holding out until 16:15 the regiment was then ordered to pull back. The day's fighting cost the regiment twelve dead and twenty-one wounded.
Magdhaba.
The next three months were spent on reconnaissance patrols and manning observation posts until 20 December, when the advance east recommenced, with the regiment forming the vanguard for the ANZAC Mounted Division. Travelling overnight, they reached El Arish by dawn, which had been evacuated by the Turkish forces.
Magdhaba, with its 2,000-man garrison, was to the south-east, on the Wadi El Arish. At 10:30 on 22 December, the 3rd Squadron was sent along the wadi, in advance of the division, to determine whether the well at Lahfan could support the brigade. The brigade, leaving El Arish at midnight, followed the squadron. By daylight the division had surrounded Magdhaba. In the ensuing fighting, the village was captured after a bayonet charge in the late afternoon. The regiment, being held in reserve, took no part in the battle, but was afterwards left in charge of the village, clearing the dead and collecting war materials. It then returned to El Arish on Christmas Day.
Palestine.
Rafa.
On 8 January 1917, the ANZAC Mounted Division headed out for their next objective, the police post at Rafa, to the east on the Egyptian-Palestinian border. Reaching Sheik Zowaiid at 22:00, the regiment rested for three hours. At dawn the regiment surrounded the Bedouin village Shokh El Sufi, south of Rafa. One of the inhabitants shot and killed one of the men. Another was knocked unconscious when hit on the head with a sword. Both of the Bedouins escaped on the troopers' horses.
At 06:00, the regiment crossed the border into Palestine. Moving out of the desert, the firmer ground made it easier for horse and wheeled transport. Forty-five minutes later, the regiment was located behind a ridge line observing the Turkish defences, which consisted of trenches and redoubts, with a good field of fire to their front. At 09:00 the brigade was ordered to move around to attack the position from the right flank, while covering the area north to the Mediterranean Sea. At 09:30 the attack started. Galloping forward for about , the regiment was subjected to Turkish artillery fire. When they got within from the Turkish lines, they dismounted and advanced on foot. The regiment advanced with the 3rd and 4th Squadrons leading and the 11th Squadron in reserve. On the right were the Canterbury Mounted Rifles, the 1st Light Horse Brigade was on the left and the Wellington Mounted Rifles were the brigade reserve. At midday, the complete brigade attacked the Green Knoll redoubt. The 3rd Squadron, unable to make any progress, held its position while the 11th Squadron moved around to the right of the 4th Squadron. By 15:00 the 3rd Squadron was able to move forward again and at 16:00 the regiment was preparing to charge the position. Then the division received word that Turkish reinforcements were approaching. That and the loss of daylight convinced Major-General Harry Chauvel, commanding the division, to order a withdrawal. However, the order never reached the brigade, which had fixed bayonets and charged the remaining to the Turkish trenches. They captured the first trench line, and the defenders started to surrender. Seeing what was happening, the remainder of the division returned to assist and the position was captured. The regiment's casualties for the battle were seven dead and forty-one wounded.
Gaza.
At 02:30 on 26 March, the regiment set out from Dier El Belah towards Gaza. The division was to circle the town, cutting off any escape route east and provide a blocking force to stop Turkish reinforcements, while the 53rd (Welsh) Division and a brigade of the 54th (East Anglian) Division carried out a frontal assault. Positioned at the Humra mound in the east with the 4th and 11th Squadrons, the regiment was assigned to watch for Turkish reinforcement coming from Huj. The main attack was not progressing well, so the brigade, along with the rest of the division, was ordered to attack Gaza. Still watching out for Turkish reinforcements, the regiment was held in reserve. The brigade had made good progress and was inside the town when it was ordered to withdraw. Less the 4th Squadron, which was the division's rearguard, the regiment had returned to Dier El Belah by early the next day.
On 3 April the squadrons were issued Hotchkiss machine-guns, on a scale of one per troop, which replaced the regiment's three Lewis guns. The second British attempt to take Gaza would be on 17 April, but the day before the brigade moved to Hareira, providing flank protection and preventing Turkish reinforcement from that direction. The regiment reached Shellal at 03:00, where they stopped to water their horses. At dawn hostile aircraft appeared overhead, which were engaged by the 11th Squadron, forcing them to fly at a higher altitude. By 09:00 the regiment was positioned overlooking Hareira, Sheria, and the Gaza-Beersheba rail line. Several times during the day they were machine gunned by hostile aircraft, but no casualties were sustained. That night at 22:00, as ordered, they returned to Shellal.
The next day the regiment returned to their previous task of flank protection. At midday the 3rd and 11th Squadrons were located along the ridge south-east of El Buggar, forcing the Turkish observation posts to retire. The day was almost a replica of the previous one and the regiment was back at Shellal at 21:30. Instead of resting overnight, they moved to El Mendur, arriving there at 06:00 on 19 April. The division was now required to be more aggressive, to draw the Turkish forces towards them, because of the lack of progress by the force attacking Gaza. The 3rd Squadron was detailed as a guard force for the division's artillery, accompanying them to Atawineh. The squadron moved into the front line, losing one dead and seventeen wounded by the time it withdrew at 20:00. The rest of the regiment was held in reserve, having two men wounded during an aircraft attack. By the end of the day, the second attempt to take Gaza was called off, the defences being to strong for a frontal assault.
Instead of withdrawing, the British remained in a forward line of trenches and redoubts. The regiment positioned itself around Karim Abu El Hiseia, on the Wadi Ghuzze. McCarroll assumed command of the regiment again, Mackesy being appointed as the administrator of the Khan Yunus-Deir and the Belah region. For the next few months patrol duty was interspersed with occupying the front line and training.
Beersheba.
At 17:00 on 25 October the regiment, located around from Beersheba, started to moved forward. Its first objective, south-east at Esani, was reached at 01:00 on 26 October. Here they rested for two days before setting out again, travelling another to Asluj to the south of Beersheba. Waiting until the next night at 18:00, they started north to attack Beersheba, the first along a metalled road. Then they followed the Wadi Imshash for the next , stopping at 02:00 while the Canterbury Mounted Rifles reconnoitred a suspected Turkish post. The night march started again an hour later. By daylight the brigade was positioned to south of the Beersheba-Bir Arara Road, to the south-east of the high Saba hill, with the regiment being the brigade reserve.
At 09:00 the regiment and the Somerset Battery RHA were ordered to attack Saba, to the east of Beersheba, positioned between the Canterbury Mounted Rifles on their right and the 3rd Light Horse Regiment on their left. The 11th Squadron, leading, advanced up a wadi under machine-gun fire, but there was plenty of cover for the men and horses. The squadron dismounted from the Turkish front line and continued on foot. The 3rd and 4th Squadrons meanwhile had rode to within to the north, then dismounted to continue on foot. Advancing by troops, covered by their machine-guns, good progress was made. At 14:10 the regiment was ordered to assault the position. Thirty minutes later, a hill east of Saba was taken with sixty prisoners and three machine-guns. A short while later, Saba itself was captured with 132 prisoners and four machine-guns. However, the regiment had six dead and twenty-two wounded, including a squadron leader.
The regiment remained, consolidating Saba until 2 November while the brigade's other regiment and the 4th Squadron were fighting a Turkish cavalry force. On 4 November the brigade moved to Wadi El Sultan. The next day the 4th Squadron was tasked to support the Canterbury Mounted Rifles, advancing against a Turkish position away. The Turks counter-attacked the Canterbury Mounted Rifles, so the 3rd Squadron was moved forward to support them and the attack was defeated. The regiment lost one man dead and four wounded during the day's fighting. While the rest of the brigade retired to the west, the regiment remained at the front manning observation posts until 11 November, when they were relieved by the British Westminster Dragoons.
Ayun Kara.
The regiment left Beersheba to rejoin the brigade, then had to move across the front to the British left flank. Travelling through the night, at 07:30 they had reached Jemmaleh, where they rested for two hours. Continuing their advance, they reached Hesy at 13:30, Bureir at 14:30, then finally Hamama, where they established a rest camp. The march was difficult for men and horses, with virtually no food or water. The horses were taken to the sea to drink. Their supplies finally caught up with the regiment and that night they moved again to a new camp north of Sukereir. The next day the regiment rejoined the brigade, outside the village of Ayun Kara.
At 11:00 on 14 November the Canterbury Mounted Rifles, the brigade vanguard, encountered Turkish observation posts. The brigade ordered an attack on the main Turkish defences. The regiment was positioned to cover the left flank. Advancing by troops they came under machine-gun fire. The 3rd Squadron was dispatched to occupy the high ground on the regiment's right while the other squadrons took cover. Then a force of Turkish cavalry appeared to their left. McCarroll sent the 11th Squadron to check on their dispositions and numbers. However, the squadron encountered heavy rifle and machine-gun fire and could not move forward. To assist them, two troops from the 4th Squadron, were ordered to charge on horseback. The two troops captured the position and continued forward, occupying the high ground on the left in front of the Wellington Mounted Rifles. The 3rd Squadron, in reserve, provided covering fire as the 11th Squadron moved forward alongside the 4th on their left. Covered by the 4th Squadron, the 11th Squadron moved forward. At 14:15 the advance troops of the 11th Squadron located, in an orange grove, a Turkish concentration of troops that counter-attacked the regiment. McCarroll, who had kept up with his forward line of troops, ordered the rest of the regiment, including headquarters troops, to move up in support of the 11th Squadron. The 3rd Squadron galloped forward, dismounting just behind the front line, and engaged the Turkish attack with enfilade fire, forcing the Turks to retire.
At 14:45, covered by an artillery barrage and machine-gun fire, the Turkish troops counter-attacked again. The regiment's machine gunners returned fire and for a short time the battle became a machine-gun engagement. During this time the Wellington Mounted Rifles, to the right, had occupied a prominent hill, but were under heavy fire. To support them, the 3rd Squadron sent two troops to engage their opponents, which they caught in the bottom of a valley, with enfilade fire. Then in front of the regiment a fresh Turkish battalion was sent to assault them. In some places, the Turkish force got close enough to throw hand grenades into the regiment's defences. These killed or wounded all those defending a small hill, which was then occupied by the Turkish troops, bringing indirect fire onto the rest of the regiment's positions, which by now were becoming untenable. At first, messengers sent to the 4th Squadron asking for assistance failed to get through. Eventually the squadron received the message and charged across the open ground, recapturing the hill. This brought the rest of the Turkish line into range of the squadron's guns. Confronted by the new threat, the Turkish troops retired back to their starting point. McCarroll was ordering a regiment attack on the orange grove when he was wounded in the neck and shoulder, forcing Major Henry Whitehorn to assume temporary command of the regiment. By then it was getting dark and the only Turkish offensive action was an artillery bombardment. Instead of attacking, the regiment spent the rest of the day evacuating the wounded and strengthening their lines. Their casualties during the battle were fifteen dead and seventy-four wounded. The next morning it was discovered that Ayun Kara had been evacuated by the Turkish troops.
River Auja.
On 15 November the brigade moved forward again to Rishon LeZion village south of the port of Jaffa. The next day the regiment moved forward alone and established a line of observation posts between Beit Dejan and Safiriyeh, just under from Jaffa. Reconnaissance patrols discovered that Jaffa was not occupied by any Turkish forces, so the 3rd Squadron and the Canterbury Mounted Rifles moved in to provide a garrison, while the rest of the regiment and the Wellington Mounted Rifles returned to Ayun Kara. The regiment moved further north on 18 November and over the next few days carried out a reconnaissance of the River Auja.
On 27 November the brigade secured a bridgehead over the river. To help defend the crossing, the 3rd and 11th Squadrons dug in on the northern bank. The next day, at 14:45, the squadrons were attacked and by 17:45, first the horse holders and the regiment's mounts were sent back across the river. The squadrons were forced to retire to the lines of the supporting infantry. By 20:00 the entire British position was under threat and had to withdraw back across to the south of the river. The regiment's casualties were one dead, one missing and nineteen wounded, including Whitehorn. Command of the regiment temporarily passed to Major Duncan Munro.
After the battle at the River Auja, the brigade camped to the south-east of Sarona, out of range of the Turkish artillery. The regiment, having only sixteen officers and 375 other ranks left effective, spent the time building up it strength in men and horses. In the last month the regiment had lost twenty-seven dead and eighty-eight wounded, sixty-one had to be evacuated to the rear as they were ill and two men were missing.
Whitehorn returned on 16 December to resume temporary command of the regiment. Two days later the regiment returned to Jaffa and came under command of the 52nd (Lowland) Division. Then on 20 December the Lowland Division assaulted the River Auja and the regiment patrolled north of the river, supporting the division until 25 December, when they rejoined the NZMRB.
Jordan valley.
Jericho.
McCarroll, recovered from his wounds, resumed command of the regiment on 15 January 1918. It was still understrength, with only twenty-two officers and 486 other ranks.
In February the ANZAC Mounted Division was ordered to cross over to the British right flank, to conduct operations in the Jordan Valley by first capturing Jericho. By 19 February the regiment was east of Bethlehem and at 09:30 started toward Jericho along what was described as "little more than a goat track". At times the track was so steep that the men had to dismount and lead their horses by hand. After stopping overnight, the regiment set out again as the vanguard at 04:30, moving in single file. Soon afterwards, Turkish guns opened fire on them from two hills, Kaneitera and Kalimun, which could dominate their approach. Upon reaching the valley bottom, the regiment spread out to provide a more difficult target. Moving forward under Turkish artillery and machine-gun fire, the regiment galloped from cover to cover by troops. This continued until around midday when the 11th Squadron got close enough to assault a Turkish position on the right of the valley. At the same time, the 3rd and 4th Squadrons were advancing in the centre and to the left. Elsewhere the Australian light horse brigades and British infantry were having similar problems. Eventually the British secured a position that allowed then to bring fire onto the Turkish defences in front of the regiment, forcing them to retire further up the Kalimun hill. The regiment's horse holders brought the mounts forward and the regiment charged the position on horseback. The Turkish forces retired, but kept the hill now occupied by the regiment under an artillery barrage.
The next day there was no trace of any Turkish forces and the advance continued. At times, this was again only possible by moving in single file, leaving the brigade spread along of tracks. At 09:00 the regiment moved out of the hills and into the Jordan Valley, just north of the Dead Sea and south of Jericho, about from the River Jordan. The time it had taken the NZMRB to negotiate the track allowed the Turkish forces to retire to the east bank of the river by a pontoon bridge at Goraniyeh. While the Australians captured Jericho, the regiment established a camp in the valley under the Mount of Temptation, north of Jericho. The brigade was then made responsible for guarding the river from the Dead Sea to the Ghoraniyeh bridge. However, on 22 February the rest of the NZMRB returned to Ayun Kara, leaving the regiment in the valley under command of the 60th (London) Division, tasked to carry out mounted patrols of the river.
Amman raid.
The regiment was next involved in a raid on the village of Amman to the east of the River Jordan. The force assembled for the operation comprised the ANZAC Mounted Division, the 60th (London) Division and the Imperial Camel Corps Brigade. Reconnaissance patrols had discovered that the river was not fordable and they would have to construct bridges to get across. Three viable sites had been selected at Makhadet (which means ford), Hajlah north of the Dead Sea, and Ghoraniyeh. Two crossings were to be constructed. At Hajlaha, pontoon bridge made from steel would be assembled for the mounted troops. The second crossing point, at Ghoraniyeh where there was already a damaged pontoon bridge, would have three bridges for the 60th Division: a normal pontoon bridge, a barrel bridge, and an infantry bridge.
At midnight on 21 March, the infantry tried to cross at Ghoraniyeh, however the river was flowing too fast for their swimmers to get across. At Hajlah they had more success and a raft was constructed to ferry men and materials across. By dawn the Turkish had discovered them crossing and were engaging the crossing infantry with machine-gun fire. Engineers had finished the pontoon bridge by 08:10 and more troops were crossing, but their exploitation was restricted to around from the river line as they were confronted by strong Turkish defences.
At 05:00 on 23 March the regiment, the first mounted force, began to cross the river. They were passing beyond the infantry forward troops by 07:30. Two troops from the 11th Squadron were dispatched to the east and another north-east. One troop, twenty men, encountered a force of sixty Turkish cavalry and charged them, armed only with rifles and bayonets. The troop killed twenty cavalrymen and captured seven, in exchange for the death of one man, the troop leader who had ordered the charge. The troop sent north had forced a machine-gun post covering the river to withdraw, but the gun and its crew were later captured by men from the 4th Squadron. While this move had been progressing, the troop of the 11th Squadron had been sent north from the crossing. At the same time the 3rd and 4th Squadrons galloped north to take the Turkish defenders at Ghoraniyeh from the rear. At 09:00 the leading troops, without loss, captured the first Turkish outpost with seventeen prisoners. One troop of the 3rd Squadron dismounted and captured two machine-gun posts overlooking the crossing, which allowed the rest of the squadron to drive off the remaining defenders. While the 3rd Squadron concentrated on the crossing the 4th Squadron was ordered to gallop and capture the village of Shunet Nimrin, but were unable to approach the village when confronted by heavy artillery fire. The day's battle cost the regiment one dead and two wounded. By that night the bridge at Ghoraniyeh was completed and the remainder of the ANZAC Mounted Division were crossing at Hajlah.
The next morning, when the NZMRB had crossed the river, McCarroll was given command of the vanguard, comprising the regiment, a squadron from the Canterbury Mounted Rifles and the Hong Kong and Singapore Mountain Artillery Battery. Progress was slow along the steep tracks and they had to camp in the hills that night at an altitude between . During the night it started to rain, making travelling along the small tracks even harder at daylight. Because the rest of the division was having even worse problems than the brigade, they stopped at the village of Ain es Sir. During the day, they captured seven Germans and eighty-eight Turkish troops. Another problem for the regiment was the lack of supplies; their rations were stuck somewhere behind them on the track. The remainder of the division arrived during the day and the raid on Amman was planned for the next day, 27 March.
At 08:00 the NZMRB set out heading south-east, the plan called for them to assault Amman from the south. The vanguard was provided by the regiment with the 4th Squadron leading. When they got within of the village, they came under a Turkish artillery barrage. At 12:00 when the regiment was from the rail line, which would be their right flank position, they turned north. Then a Turkish train arrived along the tracks from the south. The regiment's machine-gunners opened fire of it, and they were just about to charge when it continued on into Amman. By now Turkish artillery and machine-gun fire was proving effective and the regiment was unable to make any progress. Hill 3039, in front of the 3rd Squadron, was well defended with numerous machine-guns, so the 4th Squadron were sent forward to support the assault. While 11th Squadron moved right, to the higher ground, to give covering fire. At 18:00 Turkish troops mounted a counter-attack against the Canterbury Mounted Rifles on the regiment's left, but the regiment held the position. By nightfall no further progress was made and the division decided to hold onto what territory they had occupied and wait for assistance from 60th Division. The day's fighting had cost the regiment eighteen casualties. They still had not received any supplies and the rations they carried were exhausted.
That night, 27/28 March, the Turkish forces in Amman were reinforced, which again prevented the regiment from advancing. When two infantry battalions and an artillery battery arrived at 11:30 plans were made for another assault at 13:00. But still faced with heavy artillery and machine-gun fire, by 16:00 the regiment had only managed to advance onto the lower slopes of Hill 3039. The position there was untenable and the regiment was forced to withdraw to a better location that night.
The next day, 29 March, the division consolidated their positions, planning to resume the assault on 30 March. McCarroll was given command of the assault. Position "A" was their main objective. The approach route would be along a ridge line between "B" and "C," which were to be neutralised by two troops in case the Turkish tried to intervene in the attack. Once "A" was captured, it was believed "B" and "C" would surrender.
The regiment and a battalion from the Imperial Camel Corps would attack point "A". The Canterbury Mounted Rifles would support the attack on the regiment's left. At 01:45 the regiment moved forward, dismounted and managed to get close enough to the first objective to charge home without being seen, capturing the first trench, five machine-guns and twenty-three prisoners. The regiment continued on, capturing the position. At daybreak Turkish troops were able to bring enfilade fire from point "B" against the regiment's positions. So 4th Squadron, with 3rd Squadron providing covering fire, mounted an attack and captured that position. At 09:30 Turkish troops were seen gathered on the north-east side of the hill. McCarroll asked for artillery support to break up their troops, but there was none available. The mountain battery, at the time, only had four rounds left. The Turkish forces attacked and managed to close on the regiment's defences before they were stopped by rifle and machine-gun fire.
With no further progress being made anywhere, and the arrival of more Turkish reinforcements, a withdrawal back across the River Jordan was ordered that night. Plans were made for the wounded to leave first, then the fighting troops falling back in turn. McCarroll gave each unit exact times they were to retire, so they still presented a continuous line as they moved back. They withdrew without attracting the attention of the Turkish troops and at 04:00 the regiment arrived back at Ain es Sir. The brigade was designated as the force rearguard. At 16:00 a large Turkish force was reported by the Canterbury Mounted Rifles to be approaching from the north, so the regiment was sent to help. The Turkish force had come to within of the New Zealand lines, but did not attack. The next day, 1 April, the withdrawal continued and several times Turkish troops were sighted following. They eventually reached Nimrin in the Jordan Valley at 20:00 that night. The regiment's exact casualties are not documented, but the NZMRB lost thirty-eight dead, 122 wounded and had thirteen men reported missing during the raid.
Es Salt raid.
The regiment spent most of April on patrol and guard duties to the west of the River Jordan. The Rugby football team were presented, by Lieutenant-General Harry Chauvel, commanding the Desert Mounted Corps, with the division's cup for being the champion team. The second raid across the Jordan on Es Salt began on 29 April, with the brigade initially being held in reserve. The operation had similar problems as the first raid, and on 30 April the brigade was moved forward. The Wellington Mounted Rifles and Canterbury Mounted Rifles were ordered to support the assault by the infantry at Nimrin, while the regiment remained in reserve. At 09:30 the 4th Squadron was sent forward to support the Canterbury Mounted Rifles, but a Turkish artillery barrage, by at least four batteries, landed to their front, preventing them going forward. The artillery fire increased and the rest of the regiment had to retire to put the horses out of harm's way. Without making further progress that day, the regiment returned to the Ghoraniyeh bridgehead for the night. More Turkish reinforcements arrived overnight and opposition to any British advance was increasing. Eventually the regiment was ordered to gallop forward to the front line, deploying to cover along the track from Es Salt. One of the first things they observed was a party of RHA artillerymen going back without their guns, which they had been forced to abandon. The 3rd and 4th Squadrons began digging trenches, as the regiment had to hold a position covering the only way back for the 4th Light Horse Brigade, to their front. On 2 May the Australians were ordered to withdraw, reaching the regiment's position the next day. That night the regiment withdrew to a ford at Auja, where engineers were constructing a pontoon bridge. The regiment remained there alone the next day while the rest of the NZMRB returned to their previous camp near Jericho. The regiment was relieved the next day and rejoined the brigade.
Summer 1918.
The regiment remained in the western foothills of the Jordan Valley, based at Talat Ed Dumm, until the end of May, then moved to El Khudr, beside Bethlehem, where some men were granted leave in Port Said, and Jerusalem. In June the regiment returned to the valley, based at the Wadi Abeid, carrying out patrols and enhancing defences. At the start of July, they moved again, this time to Ain Ed Duk, relieving the Wellington Mounted Rifles. On 18 July the 1st Light Horse Brigade, to the regiment's left, was attacked by a large force of Germans. Turkish troops supporting that attack also attempted to break the regiment's line, but they were fought off. Relieved a few days later, the regiment returned to Bethlehem. Casualties during the month were all down to malaria, or other diseases, 170 men being evacuated to hospital. In August they returned to duties in the valley at Jericho, and another 109 men were evacuated to hospital during the month.
Chaytor's Force.
In September, Chaytor, commanding the ANZAC Mounted Division, was given command of a mixed mounted and infantry force to carry out a deception plan in the Jordan Valley. The regiment helped by constructing dummy camps with dummy horse lines and increased their patrolling, with the objective of discovering the Turkish strength and positions. The rest of the army was aligned to their left flank and on 19 September started the last attack major attack of the campaign. With the Turkish forces retiring to counter the attack in the west, by 21 September the NZMRB was ordered forward, reinforced by two battalions of the British West Indies Regiment, their own Ayrshire Battery RHA and the 29th Indian Mountain Battery.
Damieh.
That night, 21 September, the regiment left its base at Musallabeh and headed north up the Jordan Valley. The 4th Squadron, leading, covered the first , reaching Kh Fusail and then Tel Es Ed Dhiab, with no opposition. They encountered a Turkish defence line at the Mafid Jozeleh bridge, which was captured along with twenty prisoners and two machine-guns. That night the infantry were left guarding the bridge, while the NZMRB continued advancing north to secure an important bridge at Damieh, cutting the Nablus road.
At midnight the regiment, supported by a section of the brigade machine-gun squadron, set out again, leading the brigade along the Jericho-Beisan road. The 3rd Squadron was sent ahead, after a force of Turkish troops believed to be withdrawing along the road in front of them, and to capture the Damieh bridge. The 11th Squadron remained on the road as a blocking force while the 4th Squadron headed to El Makhruk to the north-east. The 11th Squadron captured a Turkish convoy that came along the road, while the 3rd Squadron caught up with the force in front of them, capturing several prisoners. They also discovered a Turkish cavalry picket line and forced them down from the hills onto the low ground along the river towards the Damieh bridge. The 3rd Squadron, holding the high ground, was counter-attacked by infantry supported by artillery. Part of the squadron was forced to retire to a better defensive position. As reinforcements were observed arriving for the Turkish force, a regiment attack was ordered and reinforcements of their own requested. Support came from a squadron of the Canterbury Mounted Rifles and a West Indies infantry company. The regiment was around from the bridge, almost surrounding the Turkish position there. McCarroll planned the assault, with six troops and a machine-gun on the left to provide fire support. Then from left to right, less one troop in reserve, the rest of the regiment positioned itself from left to right, followed by the West Indies company, then the Canterbury Mounted Rifles squadron on the right. The attack began, supported by machine-gun and artillery fire. The Turkish line was pierced and they started to withdraw across the bridge pursued by the regiment. The bridge was secured intact, along with 350 prisoners and seven machine-guns. The regiment had four dead and one wounded. One of the West Indies soldiers was also wounded. The regiment now settled in, defending the bridge while the Canterbury Mounted Rifles squadron crossed and started clearing the far bank.
Es Salt again.
The next day the brigade crossed the bridge and at midday continued east towards Es Salt. By 17:00 the regiment was camped to the west of the town. They entered the unoccupied Es Salt on the following day, watered their horses, then continued east towards Amman as the vanguard. Passing abandoned wagons, dead men and animals, they had caught up with the Turkish rearguard by 12:00, but had to stop at the village of Suweileh to water their horses and wait for the rest of the brigade to catch up with them. That night a selected group of 100 men, commanded by Major John Herrold, were sent out across country to damage the Hedjaz rail line south of Amman. Each of the three squadrons provided an officer and thirty-three men. Their only tools were two picks, two shovels, and four spanners. The force was divided into three: one to tackle the rails and the other two to provide protection. When they found the rail line, they followed it for about . Hearing sounds of digging, they dismounted, continuing on foot until they located a group of Turks digging trenches. Part of their objective was to remain undetected, so they withdrew, leaving the Turkish force alone. They eventually located the section of track they were looking for. However, the road alongside the tracks was full of Turkish traffic. Establishing a base from the track, the rail group now crept forward to attack the tracks. Their work was first interrupted when an armoured train with trucks full of soldiers came along the rails. They were next disturbed by a mounted patrol, which passed by without observing them. They eventually removed two rails, making the tracks unusable. The group then returned to their horses and returned to the regiment at dawn. That day the value of their efforts was seen when a train was wrecked where they had broken the rails. For his command of the operation Herrold was invested as a Companion of the Distinguished Service Order.
Amman again.
On 25 September, the same day the railway group returned, the brigade set out at 06:00 for Amman. Approaching from the north, they would be supported during the assault by the 2nd Light Horse Brigade. At 10:30 the regiment, with a machine-gun section and an artillery section, was ordered to move forward to the left of the Canterbury Mounted Rifles. The Turkish defenders were in redoubts surrounded by barbed wire. McCarroll sent a squadron to attack from the west, which came under Turkish machine-gun fire. Covered by the artillery the squadron was gradually able to advance. At 15:30 the reserve squadron galloped forward, dismounted and came under machine-gun fire. The regiment and Canterbury Mounted Rifles pushed forward. The 4th Squadron succeeded in reaching a double redoubt, but just as they were about to charge, sixty of the defenders surrendered and others withdrew along the Wadi Amman. By now the Canterbury Mounted Rifles had galloped into the town and out the other side, capturing the Turkish defences there from the rear. The battle was over and the brigade captured 1,734 prisoners, twenty-seven machine-guns, five artillery pieces, 298 horses and other military supplies. That night the regiment camped in the Wadi Amman.
Several days later the NZMRB was moved to the south to support the 2nd Light Horse Brigade at Ziza. The light-horsemen had taken the surrender of a large Turkish force, part of the Turkish Fourth Army, then had to defend them from the Arab tribesmen. When the brigade arrived the Australian and Turkish troops, who were still armed, were holding a perimeter facing the Arab force. The brigade's appearance resolved the situation and the Turkish troops surrendered.
Post war.
In October 1918, the regiment's part in the war now over; they returned to the Jordan Valley. However many men were now struck down with malaria. In the next few days those who were able returned to Richon-le-Zion, where they established their camp. By November the regiment had eleven officers and 331 other ranks in hospital; twenty-two of those died of the disease. Only two men from the regiment had not been infected in any way.
The regiment remained at Richon until 18 December, carrying out military training and playing sports. Then they moved back to Rafa, where a school was established. It was discovered that before the war one of the regiment's troopers had been a schools inspector, so he was immediately promoted to major, taking charge of lessons.
While waiting for repatriation to New Zealand the regiment played a minor role in the 1919 Egyptian Revolution, which was a Nationalist uprising in the Nile Delta region. The regiment were reissued its equipment and sent to support the authorities, as martial law had been declared. The uprising soon ended without any major incidents. One incident the regiment had to deal with was a request from an Egyptian woman for an officer to grant her a divorce. On 22 June the regiment moved to the Demobilisation Camp at Ismailia on the Suez Canal. They boarded the transport HMT "Ulimaroa" and sail for New Zealand. On 30 June the regiment ceased to exist as such. Five weeks later, on 8 August, the "Ulimaroa" arrived at Auckland.
Casualties.
During its service, 434 men of the regiment died from all causes, either killed in action, died of wounds or disease, and two were lost at sea. Almost half of those, 202 men, were killed during the seven months they fought in the Gallipoli Campaign and 230 during the two years of the Sinai and Palestine Campaign. There were also 627 men wounded; forty-eight of those were unfortunate enough to have been wounded twice. The Gallipoli Campaign accounted for almost two thirds of the total number of wounded at 395 men; twenty-nine of them were wounded twice. Then in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign, there were another 232 men wounded, and twenty-nine of those were again wounded twice.
Many of the Gallipoli dead have no known grave. The Commonwealth War Graves Commission Chunuk Bair Cemetery, constructed on the site where the Turks buried Allied war dead after the evacuation, has 632 graves. Only ten of the men there have been identified. At the nearby Hill 60 Cemetery, which has another 788 graves, only seventy-six of the dead were identified.
Honours.
Several men of the regiment were recognised for their service by the British Empire awards system. The two commanding officers, Mackesy and McCarroll, were invested as Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George, and as Companions of the Distinguished Service Order (DSO). McCarroll also received a bar for the DSO to signify a second award. While Mackesy was also invested as a Commander of the Order of the British Empire. Two other men also received a DSO both majors, Herrold for the raid on the rail line at Amman and Ralph Wyman at Gallipoli. There were two civilian awards, of an Officer of the Order of the British Empire and a Member of the Order of the British Empire. The Military Cross was awarded to eight officers; two men received bars for a second award. The other ranks were awarded six Distinguished Conduct Medals, and sixteen Military Medals. There were also twenty-six men Mentioned in Dispatches for all ranks.

</doc>
<doc id="18675663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675663" title="Alicia Barrancos">
Alicia Barrancos

Alicia Barrancos (born May 2, 1972) is a retired female freestyle swimmer from Argentina who represented her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. She claimed the bronze medal in the Women's 800m Freestyle event at the 1995 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18675664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675664" title="HMS Berwick (1723)">
HMS Berwick (1723)

HMS "Berwick" was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Deptford Dockyard and launched on 23 July 1723.
"Berwick" was converted to a hulk in 1743, and eventually broken up in 1763.

</doc>
<doc id="18675671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675671" title="Compton Down">
Compton Down

Compton Down is a hill on the Isle of Wight just to the east of Freshwater Bay. It is part of the chalk ridge which forms the "backbone" of the Isle of Wight. It runs east to west, is approximately 3 miles long and is predominantly grass downland. The Down is owned and managed by the National Trust and it provides the setting for the Freshwater Bay Golf Course at its western end.
It is a 196.3 hectare Site of special scientific interest. The site was notified in 1951 for both its biological and geological features.

</doc>
<doc id="18675688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675688" title="Sami Makarem">
Sami Makarem

Sami Makarem () (April 14, 1931 - August 21, 2012) was a Druze Lebanese scholar, writer, poet and artist; he was born in the village of Aitat in Aley district and is best known for his academic contributions in the fields of Islamic studies, Sufism, and Islamic history.
He obtained his Bachelor's degree in literature and philosophy in 1954 and his Master's degree in Arabic literature in 1957 from the American University of Beirut and 1963 he achieved his PhD in Middle Eastern Studies from the University of Michigan, where he taught Arabic language and was specializing in Islamic Batini Studies.
Works.
Professor Sami Makarem wrote over twenty five books mainly concerning the Islamic history and studies, Lebanese history and the Druze faith, in addition to a great number of articles in different specialized periodicals, and hundreds of art works.
Poetry.
In addition to his academic contributions in the fields of Islamic studies, Sufism, Islamic history, and his artistic contribution, he published three works of poetry: 

</doc>
<doc id="18675691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675691" title="Tihange Nuclear Power Station">
Tihange Nuclear Power Station

The Tihange Nuclear Power Station, along with Doel Nuclear Power Station, is one of the two large-scale nuclear power plants in Belgium. It is located on the right bank of the Meuse River in the Belgian district of Tihange, part of Huy municipality in the Walloon province of Liège. The primary stakeholder in the plant is the Belgian energy company Electrabel.
Reactors.
The plant has three pressurized water reactors, with a total capacity of 2985 MWe and makes up 52% of the total Belgian nuclear generating capacity. Its units are rated as follows:
The reactors were supplied by different consortia, respectively ACLF (ACECOWEN-Creusot-Loire-Framatome), FRAMACECO (Framatome-ACEC-Cockerill), ACECOWEN (ACEC-Cockerill-Westinghouse). 
The units were designed for an operational lifetime of 30 years. In 2003, a Belgian law concerning the closure of the Belgian nuclear reactors permitted an operational lifetime of 40 years for the three reactors in Tihange. On July 4, 2012, however, the Belgian government decided that Tihange 1 could be operated until 2025.
Incidents.
On September 3, 2008 a malfunctioning fan was found in a reactor. This was classified as INES-1. Also, in 2005 and 2002 there were two INES-2 incidents. And in 2001 and 1993 there were fires on the site of the nuclear power plant. Those were classified as level 0.
Since 2006 there has been a leak of 0.5 up to 2 liters slightly radioactive water from a deactivation-bath. After this was notified to the Belgium Federal Agent for Nuclear Control (FANC) Electrabel tried to find the cause of the leak. But on 11 July 2012 it became known, that the leakage still exists. According to FANC this issue is "under control" and no radioactivity leaks outside the buildings.
September 1, 2012, it became known that the Tihange 2 reactor shows up to 0.3 m-depth signs of erosion weakening the outer reinforced concrete mantle. Electrabel and the Belgian nuclear regulator FANC deny any immediate security risk since the reactor was already shut down for maintenance. ("Le Soir")
Anti-nuclear protests.
On the 17th of September 2011 about 2000 people from Belgium, the Netherlands and Germany demonstrated in front of the nuclear power plant Tihange and demanded the closure of the reactors. The demonstration was organized by the transnational alliance Stop Tihange.

</doc>
<doc id="18675695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675695" title="Jon Wise">
Jon Wise

Jon Wise (born 25 March 1977) is a British television critic. From 2002-2005 he worked as a showbiz/TV reporter and real-life feature writer for news agencies and "The Daily/Sunday Sport". He currently writes a TV column for "The People" as well as working as their TV feature reporter. He has been branded as "the Wiseman of TV" for his outspoken style. He has also appeared on various TV shows.

</doc>
<doc id="18675697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675697" title="Tutor-Saliba Corporation">
Tutor-Saliba Corporation

The Tutor-Saliba Corporation is a building contractor and heavy civil works construction company. In 2008, it was ranked the 37th largest general contractor in the United States by Engineering News-Record.
Portfolio.
Tutor Saliba Corporation was involved in the following construction projects:
Featured Building Division:
Featured Heavy Civil Works Division:
Additional Projects:
Miramax purchase and formation of Filmyard Holdings.
On December 3, 2010, Tutor-Saliba Corporation entered into the film business when Disney closed the sale of Miramax to Filmyard Holdings, which is an investment group they became a part of along with Qatar Investment Authority, Colony Capital and The Weinstein Company. Investors put in $200 million in capital while raising $400 million in liabilities through a Barclays led group of banks. Mike Lang, former business development executive at News Corporation, was selected as the CEO of Miramax, and the sale, estimated around US$663 million, includes 700 film titles, as well as 90 book rights, 300 development projects and the "Miramax" name. Additional, Miramax came with $50 million in cash, $10 million in adjusted fees and a few finished films ready to distribute. Two, "Don't Be Afraid of the Dark" and "The Debt", were released in 2011. Filmyard is currently content with generating revenue off Miramax's film library.

</doc>
<doc id="18675703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675703" title="María del Pilar Pereyra">
María del Pilar Pereyra

María del Pilar Pereyra (born January 24, 1978) is a retired female butterfly and freestyle swimmer from Argentina who represented her native country twice at the Summer Olympics, in 1996 and 2000. She claimed the bronze medal in the Women's 200m Butterfly event at the 1995 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18675711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675711" title="List of Japanese researchers of Daoism">
List of Japanese researchers of Daoism

This is a list of Japanese researchers in Daoism:

</doc>
<doc id="18675715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675715" title="Otago Mounted Rifles Regiment">
Otago Mounted Rifles Regiment

The Otago Mounted Rifle Regiment was a New Zealand Mounted Regiment formed for service during the Great War. It was formed from units of the Territorial Force consisting of the 5th Mounted Rifles (Otago Hussars) the 7th (Southland) Mounted Rifles and the 12th (Otago) Mounted Rifles.
They saw service during the Battle of Gallipoli, with the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade and was later withdrawn to Egypt. They later left the brigade and served in served in France with the New Zealand Division becoming the only New Zealand Mounted troops to serve in France.

</doc>
<doc id="18675720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675720" title="Deutsche Freischar">
Deutsche Freischar

The Deutsche Freischar – Bund der Wandervögel und Pfadfinder (DF) is a German youth organization. Originating from the merger of several small Wandervogel and Scouting groups, it was one of the largest and most important associations of the Bündische Jugend of the Weimar Republic besides the Deutscher Pfadfinderbund and Reichsschaft Deutscher Pfadfinder.
History.
In 1926 the DF originated from the association of the "Großdeutscher Pfadfinderbund" (itself an association of the "Bund Deutscher Neupfadfinder" and "Bund der Ringpfadfinder") with the "Altwandervogel, Deutsche Jungenschaft", the "Wandervogel", "Deutscher Jungenbund" and the "Reichsstand, Gefolgschaft deutscher Wandervögel" forming the "Bund der Wandervögel und Pfadfinder". In March 1927 the Bund der Köngener joined; in April of the same year it was renamed to Deutsche Freischar; on October 27, 1927 the "Wandervogel-Mädchenbund" joined. Until 1928 several smaller groups joined; at the end of 1929 the DF had 12,000 members (among them 1500 women and girls).
On May 4, 1930 the DF and the Großdeutscher Jugendbund (under Admiral Adolf von Trotha) united under the name Deutsche Freischar. The result was a large association with up to 16,000 members, which split again after some weeks, so the former Deutsche Freischar became an independent association again.
During the association of Freischar and Großdeutscher Jugendbund Eberhard Koebel, known under his totem name Tusk, was excluded from the association, some districts followed him and formed their own association, the Deutsche Jungenschaft vom 1.11.1929 (dj. 1.11); he became its leader.
On June 17, 1933 the DF together with other member organizations of the Großdeutscher Bund was prohibited by Baldur von Schirach, who was appointed "Jugendführer des Deutschen Reiches" (Youth Leader of the German Reich) shortly before.
In 1946, the Deutsche Freischar was re-founded as "Sturmschwalben – Ring Deutscher Jugendgruppen", later named itself "Bündische Freischar", and since 1950 is again called "Deutsche Freischar". In 1953 and 1954 a major part of the association merged into the "Neuer Bund", from which the Bund deutscher Jungenschaften (BdJ) originated later. 
The Freischar still exists with some hundred members. The Freischar is a member of the Ring junger Bünde (RjB).

</doc>
<doc id="18675734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675734" title="Vets Beyond Borders">
Vets Beyond Borders

Vets Beyond Borders (previously known as Vetcharity) is an Australian-based, not-for-profit, incorporated organisation established by veterinary volunteers in 2003. Vets Beyond Borders co-ordinates and runs veterinary based animal welfare and public health programmes in developing communities of the Asia and Pacific region. VBB actively promotes volunteering in the veterinary community and supports local vets by running clinical training programmes to build the capacity of local staff.
"Working as a volunteer is a very rewarding facet of a veterinary career. It offers great opportunities to utilise one's skills in a way that truly benefits animals and communities in need. It also leads to the building of personal relationships and contributes to improved cooperation and understanding – needed in this world now more than ever." Programme Director Dr Ian Douglas
Purpose.
Vets Beyond Borders works with local governments and animal welfare organisations to establish effective veterinary-based programmes and undertakes the clinical training of local veterinary personnel to build their skills. VBB co-ordinates volunteer veterinarians and veterinary nurses to work on these programmes and supplies much needed medications and surgical equipment. The organisation facilitates the funding of buildings and important infrastructure such as kennels to hospitalise treated animals and contributes to the development of wider programmes to address animal welfare and community health issues.

</doc>
<doc id="18675742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675742" title="Totò sceicco">
Totò sceicco

Totò sceicco is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Totò.
Plot.
Antonio is the modest butler of the noble and flawed Gastone who loves madly beautiful elusive to Lulu. When she leaves him, the Marquis Gaston goes after enlisting in the Foreign Legion and the poor in spite of the Antonio should follow for a promise to the old marchioness, mother of Gaston. However Antonio wrong inn where enlist and is delivered in a part of the Arabia in which you are attempting a rebellion against the legionaries they now also fights Gaston. Meanwhile Lulu to make a snub to Gaston fell in love with his general and this crazy definitely the poor Marquis. Antonio instead, as the Son of the Sheik is away studying in England, is touted as the courage to spread among the gang of rebels. Antonio is now involved in this cruel plan and you will also collide against the legion of Gaston. The two come together and the twists of fate can be found in the lost city of Atlantis, buried under the desert sand. They discover the beauty of the Queen Antinea making mad love all those kissing, and Antonio Gastone runs this tremendous risk. But in the end things are resolved and Antonio, who escaped an assassination attempt by his master, and marry Antinea "sterilizing" her.

</doc>
<doc id="18675744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675744" title="Cridmore Bog">
Cridmore Bog

Cridmore Bog is a 14.4 hectare Site of special scientific interest which is west of Godshill. The site was notified in 1985 for its biological features. It is adjacent to "The Wilderness", another SSSI in this area of the Isle of Wight

</doc>
<doc id="18675747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675747" title="Norio Suzuki (footballer)">
Norio Suzuki (footballer)

Norio Suzuki (born February 14, 1984 in Chiba, Chiba prefecture, Japan) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Vegalta Sendai.
He was a member of Japan national under-20 football team for 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Career statistics.
Last update: 30 June 2009

</doc>
<doc id="18675752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675752" title="2006 Kingfisher Airlines Tennis Open">
2006 Kingfisher Airlines Tennis Open

The 2006 Kingfisher Airlines Tennis Open was an ATP tournament held at Cricket Club of India in Mumbai, India and played on outdoor hard courts. The tournament was part of the ATP International Series of the 2006 ATP Tour and was held from September 25 to October 2.
Dmitry Tursunov won his only title of the year, and the 1st of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18675756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675756" title="London Jewish Forum">
London Jewish Forum

The London Jewish Forum (LJF) is dedicated to the promotion of Jewish life in London. The Forum provides a platform for engagement between London Jewry and the Greater London Authority, Mayor's Office, London Boroughs and MPs / MEPs. It works to promote the full and active engagement of the Jewish community with civic life in London. The LJF will work to oppose anti-semitism, racism and all forms of discrimination in London. The LJF works with all parts of the Jewish community regardless of religious; cultural or political affiliations or beliefs.
The London Jewish Forum has five key platforms: Housing, Citizenship, Community Relations, Sports & Culture and Youth & Students. The Chair of London Jewish Forum is Adrian Cohen and appointed Alexander Goldberg as its Chief Executive in July 2008.
The Forum has broad Jewish representation on it and is the only cross-communal body to include all elements of the Jewish community in London. The Forum includes leading members of the Jewish community from a variety of organisations. The Chief Executives of the Jewish Leadership Council, Board of Deputies, Jewish Museum Interlink and the Jewish Community Centre are on their board along with senior lay leaders.
Relationship with the mayor's office: Ken Livingstone and Boris Johnson.
The Forum was set up by leading members of the Jewish community to engage with London Government after the rift between the Jewish Community and Mayor Ken Livingstone over the Oliver Finegold affair. Livingston apologised at the launch of the London Jewish Forum in December 2006. The London Jewish Forum is apolitical and hosted London separate mayoral breakfasts for community leaders and each of the main candidates in the 2008 election including the eventual winner, Boris Johnson. Boris Johnson commended the London Jewish Forum for its work on housing in the capital.
Housing Issues in London.
The London Jewish Forum has been working with City Hall and the London Development Authority in City Hall to ensure future housing provision for London’s strictly orthodox community. Mayor Boris Johnson publicly recognised the work London Jewish Forum in trying to resolve "the increasing desperate housing situation for the Charedi community in London".
London 2012 and London Olympic Jewish Organising Committee.
The London Jewish Forum is working with other major Jewish organisations to develop community engagement with the Olympic Games Jewish schools and their communities in meeting Jewish Olympians; the development of welfare, culture and religious services for Jewish athletes in the Olympic Village; a London 2012 Jewish website for visitors to the Games; the long-term legacy for the Jewish community within the five Olympic Boroughs and utilising sports to bring groups together and celebrate the cultural diversity of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="18675757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675757" title="Masaharu Suzuki">
Masaharu Suzuki

Masaharu Suzuki (born August 3, 1970 in Yaizu, Shizuoka, Japan) is a Japanese former football player.

</doc>
<doc id="18675764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675764" title="Hamed Afagh">
Hamed Afagh

Hamed Afagh Eslamieh (, born February 1, 1983 in Mashhad) is a professional Iranian basketball player who plays for Mahram Tehran of the Iranian Super League and also for the Iranian national basketball team. He is 6'4" in height.
He is an exceptional 3-point shooter.

</doc>
<doc id="18675773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675773" title="Hokuto Nakamura">
Hokuto Nakamura

Career statistics.
Club.
1Includes Emperor's Cup.
2Includes J. League Cup.
3Includes Suruga Bank Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18675790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675790" title="Population structure">
Population structure

Population structure may refer to many aspects of population ecology:

</doc>
<doc id="18675798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675798" title="Prakash Amte">
Prakash Amte

Prakash Amte (Marathi: प्रकाश मुरलीधर आमटे) is a medical doctor and social worker from Maharashtra, India. Son of Magsaysay awardee and legend Baba Amte, he and his wife, Dr. Mandakini Amte were awarded the Magsaysay Award for 'Community Leadership' in 2008 for their philanthropic work in the form of the Lok Biradari Prakalp amongst the Madia Gonds in Gadchiroli district of Maharashtra and the neighbouring states of Andhra Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh.
Early life.
He obtained a medical degree from GMC, Nagpur. His brother Vikas Amte, also a medical doctor, coordinates the activities at their father's ashram at Anandwan and manages the satellite projects and hospitals.
He has written marathi books like 'Prakashvata', 'Negal'.
Lok Biradari Prakalp.
After completing his M.B.B.S. when he was studying for M.S. he was granted land by Maharashtra Govt. for his project. He left his M.S. and moved to Hemalkasa to start the Lok Biradari Prakalp in 1973, a project for the development of tribal people, most of whom were the Madia Gond in the forests of Gadchirolli district in 1973. 
He lived and worked there without electricity, telephone etc. for almost twenty years and at times performed emergency surgical procedures without electricity. ( Interview to Raju Parulekar on Marathi TV channel ETV Marathi, Programme name Samvad) 
The project transformed into three things: a hospital, Lok Biradari Prakalp Davakhana, a residential school Lok Biradari Prakalp Ashram Shala and an orphanage for injured wild animals the Amte Animal Arc. It seeks to improve health and educational services for tribals in the area. Hemalkasa lies in a tribal belt and the project provides health care to about 40000 individuals annually. The Lok Biradari Prakalp Ashram School has over 600 students, residents and day scholars.
A countryside that belongs to the rural folk. To the tribals; the very people for whom the Lok Biradari Prakalp was established by the revered Murlidhar Devidas Amte (Baba Amte) in December 1973. The eyes of the Baba light up at the mere mention of the project. The pride of successful service to the tribals by his son, shows in that gleam in his eyes.
Magsaysay award.
He was awarded the Magsaysay Award for community leadership for 2008, jointly with wife Mandakini, his citation reads as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18675813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675813" title="Vendetta... sarda">
Vendetta... sarda

Vendetta... sarda is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Walter Chiari.

</doc>
<doc id="18675819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675819" title="HMS Buckingham (1731)">
HMS Buckingham (1731)

HMS "Buckingham" was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Deptford Dockyard to the 1719 Establishment, and launched on 13 April 1731.
"Buckingham" served until 1745 when she was broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="18675832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675832" title="James Carlile">
James Carlile

James Carlile (1784 – 1854) was a Scottish clergyman from Paisley. He was a joint minister of a Scots church in Dublin and an Irish commissioner of education. He introduced a different style of education in Ireland whereby children of different denominations could go to the same school.
Biography.
Carlile was born in Paisley and became a Doctor of Divinity. He was educated at Paisley Grammar School and then at the universities in Glasgow and Edinburgh. He was licensed in 1811 by the Paisley Presbyterians and in 1815 at the Scots' Church, Mary's Abbey, in Dublin.
On 1 July 1813 he published the constitution of a Purgatorian Society, which was an unusual concept. The constitution took a tract from the Bible as their guide. They agreed to pay one penny a week, and in exchange prayers would be offered for their souls at 10 a.m. every month. The tract they chose was "It is therefore a holy and wholesome thought to pray for the dead that they may be loosed from their sins". The idea was that members would spend less time in Purgatory. The rules of the society laid down that all members would be entitled to a mass in their honour assuming that they had a natural death and there were no fees owing to the society. 
In 1817 he made an important speech which changed Irish church policy.
This speech was in protest of Lord Castlereagh's suggestion that the synod should recognise the Belfast Academical Institution instead of a Scottish university to educate their ministers. 
Carlile was moderator of the synod of Ulster in 1825.
Education policy.
Carlile was appointed resident commissioner to the new Irish board of national education in 1831. He devised and introduced a radical system of education. It was based on the idea of both Protestant and Catholic children being educated together, except for separate religious education. He sat on the school board with the Anglican Archbishop Richard Whately and the Roman Catholic Archbishop Daniel Murray. The two Dublin archbishops both regarded Carlile highly despite the objections they all received from less radical wings of both denominations. In 1839 he resigned, but by this time he had handled the main arguments, commissioned new textbooks and a new Dublin teacher training college where he had served as a professor. The educational reforms are seen as divisive. The Catholic encyclopedia describes how the reform was "left in the hands of the Protestant Archbishop of Dublin (Dr. Whately) and his Presbyterian ally, Rev. James Carlile, both of whom were unceasing in unscrupulous efforts to make it an engine of attack on the Catholic faith of the Irish people."
A geography course written by Carlile describes a tour of the world including England, Ireland, Wales and Scotland which are the "British Empire in Europe". The Welsh are so industrious that they "carry their knitting wherever they go", whereas Dublin used to have more factories, but the workers refused to lower their wages to a level that their masters could afford.
Home missionary.
In 1839 he successfully persuaded his church to allow him to become their missionary to a church in Birr. This church, led by their minister, had left the Roman Catholic Church and had applied to join the Presbyterians. Carlile served in this role of missionary, but continued with other interests.
Carlile journeyed to London to attend the World Anti-Slavery Convention on 12 June 1840. The picture above shows him in a painting made to commemorate the event which attracted delegates from America, France, Haiti, Australia, Ireland, Jamaica and Barbados.
In 1846 Carlile was moderator of the church's general assembly and in the same year he was awarded a Doctorate in Divinity from Glasgow University.
Carlile retired to Dublin in 1852 after his wife, Jane, died in Birr. He died at his home in Rathmines, on 31 March 1854. A church service in Dublin was followed by a burial in Birr.
His sister Elizabeth married Nathaniel Stevenson, a Glasgow businessman involved with cotton.

</doc>
<doc id="18675840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675840" title="HMS Prince of Orange (1734)">
HMS Prince of Orange (1734)

HMS "Prince of Orange" was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built to the 1719 Establishment at Deptford Dockyard, and launched on 5 September 1734.
In 1748, "Prince of Orange" was cut down to a 60-gun ship, a role in which she remained until being converted into a sheer hulk in 1772. After nearly 40 years service in this capacity, she was finally sold out of the navy in 1810.
The 'Prince of Orange' was part of the British Fleet at the capture of Louisbourg in 1758.
David Ramsay, fur trader, revolutionary War soldier, and Indian-killer was a crew member of Prince of Orange at both the battle of Louisbourg and battle of Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="18675856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675856" title="Institut des Sciences de l'Ingénieur de Toulon et du Var">
Institut des Sciences de l'Ingénieur de Toulon et du Var

The "Institut des Sciences de l'Ingénieur de Toulon et du Var" (), or ISITV, is a French public engineering school. It offers a diploma recognized by the Commission of Registered Engineers. It is located in the south of France, between Toulon and Hyères, on the French Riviera. The School was established in 1991 by combining the teaching and research resources of the University of the South, Toulon-Var with support and collaboration from industry.
Engineering majors.
Marine Engineering.
The Marine Engineering option at ISITV is a training that aims to train engineers who possess a solid scientific knowledge of the marine environment and the relevant technologies. This option provides students with the high level skills required in marine technology, offshore petroleum industry, coastal engineering, underwater robotics, remote sensing (ocean acoustics and optics)... starting from the basic sciences required to understand and describe the marine environment, hydrodynamics and fluid mechanics, oceanography, soil physics, strength of materials, corrosion...
There is a possibility of double diploma with Cranfield University (Master of Science Offshore and Ocean Technology) in England, and with the Escola Politécnica of the University of São Paulo in Brazil. Moreover there is also a possibility to spend a term at the Polytechnic University of Turin in Italy.
The School possesses several important experimental structures, including a surge tank and a wave tank for studies in ocean engineering. For numerical modelling, students have access to a variety of scientific software in different areas (fluid mechanics, hydrodynamics, structures). Practicals at sea enable the students to become familiar with modern methods of measurement.
This training leads to numerous job opportunities at the national and international levels in such varied domains as offshore engineering, the protection of the seashore and offshore structures, undersea robotics, and oceanography.
Materials Engineering.
The engineer trained in this option biaised towards the development of products, is capable of rapidly assuming responsibility in the design and realisation of complex systems.
There is a possibility of double diploma with Cranfield University (Master of Science Advanced Materials, Master of Science Microsystems & Nanotechnology) in England.
Telecommunications Engineering.
The objective is to train engineers who are specialists in the modern methods of telecommunications with regard to the acquisition, transmission, and processing of information, data and signals (sound, images, shapes, etc.)
There is a possibility of double diploma with Cranfield University in England.
Mathematics Engineering.
The objective of this major is to train engineers who can fit into any of the engineering disciplines; engineers who are specialists in mathematical and numerical analysis, the type of engineers industry needs to create and use mathematical models and algorithms to solve complex problems.
This major is no more available; the option was closed in 2007
Research.
Students can continue at the post-graduate and doctoral level in the various laboratories of the University. Four laboratories are geographically located at ISITV :
The integration of these research teams in the School places them at the interface between University Research and the world of work.

</doc>
<doc id="18675872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675872" title="William Henry Coombes">
William Henry Coombes

William Henry Coombes (8 May 1767 – 15 November 1850) was an English Roman Catholic priest, theologian and writer.
Life.
He passed his early years at Meadgate, Somerset, England, the property and for many years the residence of his uncle, Rev. William Coombes (d. 18 April 1822), of Douai College, Grand-Vicar of the Western District. Young Coombes went to Douai at the age of twelve, was ordained in 1791, and during the French Revolution escaped (October, 1793) from Dourlens to England. 
He was a doctor of theology and co-operated with Bishop Douglass at Old Hall seminary as professor and vice-president. From 1810 he served the mission of Shepton Mallet till 1849, when he retired to Downside monastery, where he died.
Works.
His chief works are: 
There are other writings by Coombes on religious and political themes.

</doc>
<doc id="18675873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675873" title="Toto the Third Man">
Toto the Third Man

Toto the Third Man () is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Totò. 
Plot.
In a small village Peter and Paul (both starring Toto), twin brothers of opposite characters, Peter, mayor of the town, is gruff, precise, picky all of a piece and never lets talk about his wife (Bice Valori), is totally different from his brother Paul, who loves the good life and beautiful women, such as the innkeeper's wife Oreste (Carlo Campanini) at the expense of his wife. The dispute between the two brothers is affecting the whole country, because the construction of the new prison, which will give bread and work for all, will be built on land owned by Paul and despite already there is a municipal resolution acquisition of land by part of the town, Peter refuses to carry out the transaction with his brother, blocking the start of work, because they are afraid you might think that makes favoritism to his brother. A groped to take advantage of the situation will try Anacleto (Aroldo Tieri), the tailor of the country, more good to baste clothes that fraud, that he met in jail Toto, the third secret twin brother of Peter and Paul, and once released from jail instructed him to go to Peter's house, pretending to be the latter and give the money owed to Paul for the sale of the land.
The staging generates a series of misunderstandings, because Toto, in the role of Peter, despite instructions Anacleto to resemble in all respects, they behave totally different from the grumpy mayor, producing many misunderstandings, but emerged in hands empty because the money was put directly delivered by the municipal home of Paul. To recover, Toto come on at the home of Paul, pretending to be the latter and creating other misunderstandings with his wife and with the busty maid of the same, but did not recover the money due to the arrival of the real Paul. Peter and Paul, respectively convinced that the other is joined at home by pretending to be him, should be reported to the prosecutor, so she goes to stage a surreal process without rhyme or reason, Toto is kidnapped by the host Oreste believing that Paul wants to do out of jealousy; Toto manages to escape with the help of the town drunkard, the only one who had seen Toto Paul is out of the house of the latter, but it had been believed that regularly drunk. Meanwhile, in court, in the general confusion, someone begins to suspect that there may be a third brother, in this case Peter is ready to give him his fishing hut and Paul his guns and his hunting dogs. At this point, Toto reaches the court to reveal the whole truth. For the third brother finally promises a peaceful and prosperous life (thanks to the heritage of his brothers) in the company of the beautiful ex-maid of Paul.

</doc>
<doc id="18675913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675913" title="HMS Sunderland (1724)">
HMS Sunderland (1724)

HMS "Sunderland" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built to the 1719 Establishment at Chatham Dockyard, and launched on 30 April 1724.
On 25 December 1742 "Sunderland" was ordered to be taken to pieces for rebuilding as a 58-gun fourth rate to the 1741 proposals of the 1719 Establishment at Portsmouth Dockyard, from where she was relaunched on 4 April 1744.
On 1 January 1761, "Sunderland" was caught in a cyclone off Pondicherry, India, and foundered, claiming the lives of all aboard her.

</doc>
<doc id="18675923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675923" title="Edward Tudor (disambiguation)">
Edward Tudor (disambiguation)

Edward Tudor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18675936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675936" title="DXBE">
DXBE

DXBE or Magic 89.1 is an FM radio station owned by Quest Broadcasting Inc. The studio is located at De Guzman St., Davao City. It broadcasts daily from 6:00 in the morning to midnight.
Launched as Killerbee 89.1 in 1991, this station, along with the other Killerbee stations, were relaunched under the Magic moniker (adopted from its parent station) by April 29, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18675955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675955" title="Eric Watson (businessman)">
Eric Watson (businessman)

Eric Watson (born 1959) is a New Zealand businessman, now resident in London. In 2011, the "National Business Review" listed Watson as the 30th richest New Zealander.
Personal.
His first job on leaving school was as a butcher's apprentice. He later became a sales and branch manager at Whitcoulls and then a manager for Xerox.
Businesses.
He left Xerox in 1992 to start the Blue Star Group.
Hanover.
Watson and business partner Mark Hotchin bought Elders Finance in 1999. Elders, and a number of other finance companies, were brought together to create Hanover Group. In July 2008 the finance companies within Hanover Group froze repayments, suspending acceptance of new deposits. 
Hanover paid dividends of NZ$41 million in the 2007 financial year and NZ$45.5 million in the 2008 financial year. The following financial year, NZ$68.5m was contributed to Hanover by entities associated with Watson and Hotchin.
In December 2009 Hanover Group debenture holders, note holders and bond holders voted in favour of swapping their debentures, notes and bonds for shares in Allied Farmers Limited (NZX: ALF). This transaction resulted in ALF assuming the net asset position of the Hanover Group finance companies.
Cullen Investments.
Watson founded Cullen Investments in 1995 and is currently the executive chairman of the international private investment company. The company has interests in the following sectors; fashion retail, financial services, agriculture, real estate and sports and entertainment. Watson has actively invested his own capital in a range of mergers and acquisitions. Cullen's primary focus is development of its international portfolio, which includes interests in the United States, United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand. 
Through Cullen Investments Watson owns Bendon Lingerie. First launched in New Zealand, the company now has sales channels in Australia, US, UK, Europe and the UAE. The brand includes ranges from Elle Macpherson who helped launch the brand into the UK and Europe, and Stella McCartney.
Through Cullen Investments Watson bought a 75% stake in the New Zealand Warriors in 2000, which competes in the Australasian National Rugby League (NRL) and is New Zealand’s largest and highest-profile privately owned sporting franchise. He has since reduced his share to 50% while selling off the other half to New Zealand billionaire Owen Glenn. Cullen Agricultural Holdings is an 85% owned subsidiary of Cullen Investments of which Watson is chief executive and chairman. The business planned to use New Zealand farming techniques to cut costs on as much as 16,000 hectares of mainly dairy farmland in the US. Some land has been divested with the proceeds repaying capital invested by Cullen Holdings. 
Cullen has an international property portfolio, including commercial assets and residential development, predominantly in New Zealand, the US and UK. Major assets in New Zealand include Westbury Estate, while offshore investments include an upmarket property portfolio in London.
The Watson Foundation is a charitable trust established by Cullen Investments. The main objectives of the Watson Foundation are to enrich the lives of underprivileged children and young people and assist with their needs, including care, support, protection, health and education. The foundation sponsors charities such as The First Tee of New Zealand.
Marriage.
He was previously been married to Nicola Watson, a model now known as Nicola Robinson. He has two young sons by his Swedish partner, model Lisa Henrekson.

</doc>
<doc id="18675956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675956" title="Compton Chine to Steephill Cove SSSI">
Compton Chine to Steephill Cove SSSI

Compton Chine to Steephill Cove is a 629.2 hectare Site of special scientific interest which extends from Compton Chine on the south-west coast of the Isle of Wight along the coast, round St. Catherine's Point to Steephill Cove, just west of Ventnor on the south-east coast of the IOW. This is the largest SSSI area on the IOW. The site was notified in 2003 for both its biological and geological features.

</doc>
<doc id="18675958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675958" title="Ulf Wakenius">
Ulf Wakenius

Ulf Karl Erik Wakenius (born 16 April 1958 in Halmstad, Sweden) is a Swedish jazz guitarist. Wakenius was a member of the Oscar Peterson quartet from 1997. He was also a member of the Ray Brown trio. Wakenius also plays with his own band, and has recorded many albums. 
In the 80s he played with Peter Almqvist in Guitars Unlimited playing, among other things, during the intermission for 600 million viewers of the Swedish International Finale of the Eurovision Song Contest in 1986. A stop in Rio de Janeiro resulted in three records with Sivuca "Let's Vamos", "Aquarela Do Brazil" and "Rendez-Vous in Rio" (Sonet 1987).
The cooperation with Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen also started this decade, and they also recorded "This Is All I Ask" (Verve, 1998) and "Those Who Were" (Verve, 1996).
His own U.W. Group released "Venture" (1991) with Jack DeJohnette on drums, Bill Evans and Bob Berg on saxes, Randy Brecker on trumpet, Niels Lan Doky on piano, Chris Minh Doky and Lars Danielsson on bass.
The work with American musicians continued in "New York Meeting" with Niels Lan Doky piano, Ira Coleman bass, and Billy Hart drums.
His "Enchanted Moments" (Dragon, 1997) was recorded with Lars Jansson piano, Lars Danielsson, bass and Raymond Karlsson drums.
On "Dig In" (Sittel, 1997) he plays with Gösta Rundqvist piano, Yasuhito Mori bass and Jukkis Uotila drums.
"Live" (Dragon), "The Guitar Artistry of U.W." (Dragon, 2002).
After that came "Tokyo Blue" (2003) with Carsten Dahl piano, Morten Lund drums and Yasuhito Mori bass; "Forever you" (Stunt, 2003), with Carsten Dahl, piano, Morten Lund drums and Lars Danielsson bass; and "Checkin' In" (Megaphon, 2004)
His latest release, "Notes from the Heart" (ACT, 2005) is a tribute to Keith Jarrett, with Lund and Johansson.
Wakenius had together with Haakon Graf piano, in the early nineties the group Graffiti with members from the John Scofield group, Dennis Chambers drums, Gary Grainger bass.
He appeared on "Duke Ellington Swings" (Telarc, 1998); with Oscar Peterson he released "Summernight in Munich" (Telarc, 1999) and "Trail of Dreams" with Oscar Peterson and Michel Legrand (Telarc, 2000).
With Ray Brown he played on "Summertime" (1998) and "Seven Steps to Heaven" (1999), as well as "Some of My Best Friends Are Guitar Players" (Telarc, 2001).
With Pat Metheny he played Jazz Baltica 2003.
In Norway he has played with Hot Club de Norvège and Vertavo-quartet (Hot Club Records, 2005), and also participated on the record "Guitaresque" on Hot Club Records with Jon Larsen, Stian Mevik, Jimmy Rosenberg and others. Other contributions has been on Lisa Nilssons "Små rum" (2001), Cæcilie Norbys "First Conversations" (2002), as well as recordings by Viktoria Tolstoy and Esbjörn Svensson.
2006 he toured with his show "In the Spirit of Oscar" with Kjell Öhman on piano, Hans Backenroth on bass and Joakim Ekberg on drums.

</doc>
<doc id="18675966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675966" title="HMS Deptford (1732)">
HMS Deptford (1732)

HMS "Deptford" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built to the dimensions of the 1719 Establishment at Deptford Dockyard, and launched on 22 August 1732.
In 1752, she was cut down to a 50-gun ship. In 1761, the ship sailed to Jamaica carrying a timekeeper built by John Harrison, as a part of a series of experiments used to determine longitude at sea. "Deptford" was sold out of the navy in 1767.

</doc>
<doc id="18675984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675984" title="Queen of heaven (antiquity)">
Queen of heaven (antiquity)

Queen of Heaven was a title given to a number of ancient sky goddesses in the ancient Mediterranean and Near East, in particular Anat, Isis, Innana, Astarte, Hera and possibly Asherah (by the prophet Jeremiah). Elsewhere, Nordic Frigg also bore this title. In Greco-Roman times Hera, and her Roman aspect Juno bore this title. Forms and content of worship varied. The title Queen of Heaven is used by Catholics and Orthodox Christians for Mary.
Isis.
Isis was venerated first in Egypt. As per the Greek historian Herodotus, writing in the fifth century BCE, Isis was the only goddess worshiped by all Egyptians alike, and whose influence was so widespread by that point, that she had become completely syncretic with the Greek goddess Demeter. It is after the conquest of Egypt by Alexander the Great, and the Hellenization of the Egyptian culture initiated by Ptolemy I Soter, that she eventually became known as 'Queen of Heaven'.
Lucius Apuleius confirmed this in Book 11, Chap 47 of his novel known as The Golden Ass, in which his character prayed to the "Queen of Heaven". The passage says that the goddess herself responded to his prayer, in which she explicitly identified herself as both the Queen of Heaven and Isis. 
"Then with a weeping countenance, I made this orison to the puissant Goddess, saying: O blessed Queen of Heaven..."
"Thus the divine shape breathing out the pleasant spice of fertile Arabia, disdained not with her divine voice to utter these words unto me: Behold Lucius I am come, thy weeping and prayers has moved me to succor thee. I am she that is the natural mother of all things, mistress and governess of all the elements, the initial progeny of worlds, chief of powers divine, Queen of Heaven... and the Egyptians which are excellent in all kind of ancient doctrine, and by their proper ceremonies accustomed to worship me, do call me Queen Isis."
Inanna.
Inanna was the Sumerian Goddess of love and war. Despite her association with mating and fertility of humans and animals, Inanna was not a mother goddess, and is rarely associated with childbirth. Inanna was also associated with rain and storms and with the planet Venus. 
Queen of Heaven is a title used for goddesses central to many religions of antiquity. Inanna's name is commonly derived from "Nin-anna" "Queen of Heaven" (from Sumerian NIN "lady", AN "sky"), although the cuneiform sign for her name (Borger 2003 nr. 153, U+12239 𒈹) is not historically a ligature of the two.
In some traditions Inanna was said to be a granddaughter of the creator goddess Nammu or Namma.. These difficulties have led some early Assyriologists to suggest that Inanna may have been originally a Proto-Euphratean goddess, possibly related to the Hurrian mother goddess Hannahannah, accepted only latterly into the Sumerian pantheon, an idea supported by her youthfulness, and that, unlike the other Sumerian divinities, she at first had no sphere of responsibilities.
The view that there was a Proto-Euphratean substrate language in Southern Iraq before Sumerian is not widely accepted by modern Assyriologists. In Sumer Inanna was hailed as "Queen of Heaven" in the 3rd millennium BC. In Akkad to the north, she was worshipped later as Ishtar. In the Sumerian "Descent of Inanna", when Inanna is challenged at the outermost gates of the underworld, she replies
Her cult was deeply embedded in Mesopotamia and among the Canaanites to the west.
Astarte.
The goddess, the Queen of Heaven, whose worship Jeremiah so vehemently opposed, may have been possibly Astarte.
Astarte is the name of a goddess as known from Northwestern Semitic regions, cognate in name, origin and functions with the goddess Ishtar in Mesopotamian texts. Another transliteration is "‘Ashtart"; other names for the goddess include Hebrew עשתרת (transliterated "Ashtoreth"), Ugaritic "‘ṯtrt" (also "‘Aṯtart" or "‘Athtart", transliterated "Atirat"), Akkadian D"As-tar-tú" (also "Astartu") and Etruscan "Uni-Astre" (Pyrgi Tablets).
According to scholar Mark S. Smith, Astarte may be the Iron Age (after 1200 BC) incarnation of the Bronze Age (to 1200 BC) Asherah.
Astarte was connected with fertility, sexuality, and war. Her symbols were the lion, the horse, the sphinx, the dove, and a star within a circle indicating the planet Venus. Pictorial representations often show her naked. Astarte was accepted by the Greeks under the name of Aphrodite. The island of Cyprus, one of Astarte's greatest faith centers, supplied the name Cypris as Aphrodite's most common byname. Asherah was worshipped in ancient Israel as the consort of El and in Judah as the consort of Yahweh and Queen of Heaven (the Hebrews baked small cakes for her festival):
Hebrew Bible references.
Worship of a "Queen of Heaven", in Hebrew Malkath haShamayim (מלכת השמים) is recorded in the Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, circa 628 BC, in the context of the Prophet condemning such religious worship as blasphemy and a violation of the teachings of the God of Israel. In Jeremiah 7:18: 
In Jeremiah 44:15-18:
It should be remembered in this context that there was a temple of Yahweh in Egypt at that time that was central to the Jewish community at Elephantine in which Yahweh was worshipped in conjunction with the goddess Anath (also named in the temple papyri as Anath-Bethel and Anath-Iahu).
The goddesses Asherah, Anath and Astarte first appear as distinct and separate deities in the tablets discovered in the ruins of the library of Ugarit (modern Ras Shamra, Syria). Some biblical scholars tend to regard these goddesses as one, especially under the title "Queen of heaven".
John Day states that "there is nothing in first-millennium BC texts that singles out Asherah as 'Queen of Heaven' or associates her particularly with the heavens at all."

</doc>
<doc id="18675985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675985" title="HMS Swallow (1732)">
HMS Swallow (1732)

HMS "Swallow" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built to the dimensions of the 1719 Establishment at the Yard at Plymouth Dock (now called Devonport), and launched on 6 October 1732. She was renamed the HMS "Princess Louisa" in 1837.
Engagements.
HMS "Princess Louisa" took part in the destruction of the fortress of San Lorenzo el Real Chagres (March 22–24, 1740), in Panama, as part of a squadron commanded by Vice Admiral Edward Vernon during the War of Jenkins' Ear.
At 3 pm on March 22, 1740, the English squadron, composed of the ships Stafford, Norwich, Falmouth and Princess Louisa, the frigate Diamond, the bomb vessels Alderney, Terrible and Cumberland, the fireships Success and Eleanor, and transports Goodly and Pompey, under command of Vernon, began to bombard the Spanish fortress. Given the overwhelming superiority of the English forces, Captain Don Juan Carlos Gutiérrez Cevallos surrendered the fort on March 24, after resisting for two days.
"Swallow" served until 1742, when she was broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="18675994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18675994" title="German Medical Online">
German Medical Online

German Medical Online is a portal for the worldwide presence of German medicine. 
The Portal provides information about the medical sector in Germany, about Medical Treatment in Germany and Medical Equipment from Germany and serve as a source of information and contact for international users.
The Portal is divided in 5 categories:
The Portal has been founded in January 2008 and presented at the Arab Health Exhibition in Dubai to an international audience.
The resource is provided by the Bennad Ltd., the publisher of the German Medical Journal.

</doc>
<doc id="18676008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676008" title="Lisa Lee Dark">
Lisa Lee Dark

Lisa Lee Dark (born 16 April 1981 in Swansea, Wales), is a Welsh opera singer and voice actress.
Early life.
Dark was born in Clydach, one of the Swansea valleys. She is related to Adelina Patti (1843–1919) and Bette Davis (1908–1989) Dark was born with a rare medical condition called Congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH). This meant that throughout Dark’s childhood she was raised as a boy because doctors failed to realise that she was biologically female.
The condition called congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH), leads to an excessive outpouring of the male hormone testosterone during the early part of foetal life While the genes are thoroughly xx female, an inherited faulty gene blocks production of an essential enzyme. The deficiency leads to upsets in the body’s hormonal balance and causes the adrenal glands to produce low levels of cortisol, the stress hormone. In response, the pituitary (the body’s conductor gland) pushes the adrenals into top gear to make more cortisol, because of the enzyme deficiency, they secrete more and more testosterone and in the most severe cases, like Lisa Lee’s, the hormone leads to fusion of the female genitalia and in some an enlarged clitoris, making it quite easy to mistake newborn girls for boys, though ovaries and womb remain intact, making it possible for Lisa Lee to have children of her own.
Dark only discovered that she was biologically female at the age of 19. Congenital adrenal hyperplasia is a disorder that affects one in 15,000 births world wide, with varying degrees of masculinisation.
Dark was very badly bullied during her school years. She went to a tough all boys comprehensive school where she would regularly get kicked, punched, spat at and have obscene things screamed at her, even outside school she would get the same treatment, all because she was slightly different and did not behave like all the other boys.
Dark’s home life wasn’t much better, her parents had drink and money problems, they told Lisa Lee that she was the least important thing to them and that they wished that she was dead, there was also a lot of violence in the home, so Dark would walk the streets to get away from the troubles, but this made her easy prey for a paedophile ring; the sexual abuse that Dark experienced made her realise that she wasn’t a normal male, but growing up all she wanted was to die. Dark believes that this is what pushed her into the entertainment industry.
Acting career.
Dark, at the age of ten, first starred in a European advert due to a case of mistaken identity. Her other voice-over acting work has been on low budget European horror movies; Dark has also done voice-over work, by creating 'evil chants', for a few Hollywood movies and the American television serial Buffy the vampire slayer. Dark has to date mostly been Uncredited for this work.
Music career.
The beginning.
Dark was first heard singing in her local park by a record producer at the age of six, but due to fear and shyness Dark didn't begin to record until the age of nine (three weeks before her tenth birthday). Originally Dark began recording classical, new age and sacred pieces of music for TV and film soundtracks; in 1992, by complete accident, Dark began to record dance music; Dark, who has an 8-9 octave vocal range, had the ability to mimic other singers.
During the 90's Dark would mimic / copy other dance hits, and these were released on the mid-priced budgeted music market, Dark also achieved minor dance hits on the dance music charts by recording remixes of hit songs and releasing them on white labels. This brought Dark her first commercial success, as these recordings sold almost a million copies.
Solo music career.
Dark's early live work consisted of her mimicking / copying well known singers like Sarah Brightman, Taylor Dayne and Kim Wilde.
In 1998 Dark signed her first solo recording contract, valued at £5 million. From 1999 - 2002 Dark released four dance albums; 'The unknown story of Lisa-Lee Dark', 'MM:- The story continues', 'Pray (forever)', and 'Asia'; these albums achieved moderate success shifting 50,000 copies; these albums were released as free albums with a DJ compilation remix album; in 2002 Dark was dropped by her record label, VIP international records, for 'not losing weight'.
In 2004 Dark released her first mainstream classical album titled, 'Breath of life'. This album is Dark's first attempt into the new age, ambient, classical crossover music market. Due to problems with management and the record label 'Breath of life' became a huge commercial flop, despite glowing reviews from critics and the public. .
In 2005 Dark decided to train to become an opera singer; due to lack of money, Dark taught herself to sing opera by mimicking the well known Italian opera divas Renata Scotto and Mirella Freni. In her first opera performances, in 2007, critics said they cannot tell Dark apart from Scotto.
The comeback.
2007; Dark records vocals for the Cate Blanchett movie 'Elizabeth', Dark has recorded vocals on several Hollywood movie soundtracks. In 2007, Dark began her semi-professional opera career, performing in small to medium sized venues around the UK, her debut opera performance was as Liu in Puccini’s opera Turandot; Dark's second opera was the lead in Puccini’s Sr. Angelica. 2008, Dark signs a new £2.5 million recording deal and releases her debut opera album, 'Sola, perduta, abbandonatta'; this CD is not a mainstream release as it is only available through specialist sellers and the record companies own website. A limited edition second album, "The Screen behind the mirror", was also released in 2008, free with the debut album, to promote Dark's third opera performance; the lead in Puccini’s opera Madama Butterfly. Dark's early opera voice / recordings is her mimicking the Italian opera diva Renata Scotto; in 2009, Dark was sacked from playing the lead in Puccini’s opera Tosca, for being too fat and not pretty enough.

</doc>
<doc id="18676011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676011" title="The Two Jasons">
The Two Jasons

The Two Jasons is a novel by Dave Stone, focusing on the life of Jason Kane, a character from the spin-off media based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". Jason is the ex-husband of the regular Big Finish series character Bernice "Benny" Summerfield, who appears in flashback. 
The book does not feature the Doctor, although sections of it retell the events of the "Doctor Who" novel "Death and Diplomacy" from Jason's point of view. The novel is also a sequel to the short story "Sex Secrets of the Robot Replicants" by Philip Purser-Hallard, originally published in the Bernice Summerfield anthology "A Life Worth Living", and reprinted here.
Plot summary.
A few years ago, Jason Kane created three clones of himself, to help him in a scam. Afterwards, the replicants went their separate ways, but now somebody is trying to kill them. Plagued by flashbacks of the original Jason's life, the surviving clones must join forces or die. Or possibly both.

</doc>
<doc id="18676012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676012" title="Rush (Poisonblack song)">
Rush (Poisonblack song)

"Rush" is the first single by the Finnish gothic metal band Poisonblack. The song was featured on their second album "Lust Stained Despair", which was released in 2006. A music video for the song can be seen here. The single was released exclusively in Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="18676018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676018" title="HMS Tilbury (1733)">
HMS Tilbury (1733)

HMS "Tilbury" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Chatham Dockyard to the dimensions of the 1719 Establishment, and launched on 2 June 1733.
The "Tilbury" was part of Vice-Admiral Edward Vernon's fleet and took part in the expedition to Cartagena de Indias during the War of Jenkin's Ear.
"Tilbury" was accidentally burnt in 1742.

</doc>
<doc id="18676022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676022" title="Lost!">
Lost!

"Lost!" is a song by the British alternative rock band Coldplay. The band co-produced it with Brian Eno and Markus Dravs for their fourth album, "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends".
Several official versions of the song exist, including vocalist Chris Martin's separate recording with a piano accompaniment (known as "Lost?") which appears as a B-side for "Violet Hill", and a version that features American rapper Jay-Z (known as "Lost+") which appears on their 2008 EP "Prospekt's March".
Although it didn't match the commercial success of the album's previous singles, the song was released on 10 November 2008 as the third official single (fourth overall) off the album to generally positive critical reviews. A live version was released via digital download following a performance of the band and Jay-Z at the 2009 Grammy Awards, spurring high digital sales and giving "Lost!" a new peak at number 40 in the United States. In the United Kingdom, it peaked at number 54 due to no physical release. This song is also featured in "NBA 2K 14" as its official soundtrack. 
The accompanying music video to the single features a live performance of the band in the United States. Coldplay launched a contest through their website, in which fans submitted self-made music videos. The winning entries were posted on the band's website. This song is on the "NBA2K 14" soundtrack. 
Writing and composition.
According to Coldplay drummer Will Champion in a fan mailout, "Lost!" had been developed long before the band began recording tracks for their fourth studio album, "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends", and was not getting into completion. Champion recalls, "I was starting to get into using a particular drum programming programme. I was messing around with that and I built this beat up from scratch. ... Then Chris overheard it and played 'Lost!' over the top of it." Martin revealed that the song's drumbeat took inspiration from Justin Timberlake's "Cry Me a River", which was one of Champion's favorite songs at that time.
"Lost!" was one of the earliest songs the band worked on for the album. Coldplay revealed that "Sing" (a track off Blur's 1991 debut album "Leisure") was a source of inspiration in having provided a starting point for writing "Lost!". While in Detroit, Michigan, for a concert tour, the band was listening to "Sing" in their dressing room. Once they went on stage for a soundcheck, they thought of writing a song based from it. According to guitarist Jonny Buckland, "We recorded some of it in a church up the road that's now a studio. In a huge room with a piano and organ going at the same time." In an interview with "The Sun", Martin said, "The line in this song 'Just because I'm losing doesn't mean I'm lost' is what the whole record came out of because we were feeling down at the end of the last tour. That line arrived and it was, 'OK, that's how we kinda feel. We know we can improve." The ensuing track evolved in different versions.
The song's musicscape features a church organ riff, tribal drum-circle groove, and minimal handclaps. Towards the end of the track, it builds into a "rhythmically soaring, Edge-like" guitar solo. Coldplay's use of "exotic" instruments for majority of tracks in the album, including "Lost!", was a result of a goal in wanting to present their songs differently, something "which have never been heard" in previous releases. In a review Alex Denney of "The Guardian", he described the music of "Lost!" as "tabla-assisted gospel-hop". Kitty Empire of "The Guardian" wrote in a review that "Lost!", "a great organ-driven tune, alive with handclaps and foot-stomps", is the most obvious homage to Canadian indie rock band Arcade Fire among other tracks off the album.
According to Chris Willman of "Entertainment Weekly" magazine, the lyrics to "Lost!" are "a lament about spiritual bereftness". "Rolling Stone" magazine's Will Hermes interpreted the lyrics as about "holding on against the odds that has the breathtaking loft" of "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For", a song off Irish band U2's 1987 album "The Joshua Tree". The chorus to the lyrics is noted by Ian Youngs of BBC "a typical Chris Martin chorus that mixes insecurity with determination".
Song versions.
The following songs are different variations of "Lost!":
Release and reception.
"Lost!" was released as a promotional CD single in September 2008. On 10 November 2008, Coldplay officially released a four-track digital EP of "Lost!", confirming the song's status as a single.
The song has been well received by critics. Will Hermes of "Rolling Stone" magazine noted "Lost!" as "probably" the "album's most sublime pop moment". "NME"s critic Mark Beaumont had the same view of Hermes, complimenting, "It's not until ['Lost!'] – all church organ funkiness, stomporific handclap rhythms and Chris pouting like a preacher in a jacuzzi full of strippers – that ["Viva la Vida"] really hits its stride." Chris Jones of BBC writes, "... 'Lost!' seems to sport bongos in its mix, yet it's the plaintive voice with its vague sense of regret, the lifts from minor key piano forays into vast, pumping rock and also a strident optimism that people are going to come here for." Ryan Dombal of Pitchfork Media had the same sentiment: "Thanks to a bubbling bit of exotic percussion that wouldn't sound out of place on Peter Gabriel's latter-day LPs, 'Lost!' is transformed from Just Another Coldplay Song into a uniquely alluring smash and live staple for years to come." An article in "The Guardian" lambasted "Lost!": "This song is a deflated balloon, or, put another way, a used empty condom. He has, I think, merged visual, audio and textual into a kind of polysensory jam; no part of it works without the other two."
Since it did not match the commercial success of the album's previous singles, "Lost!" charted in some countries during the week of the album being released and due to high digital sales, despite not officially being a single at the time. It has charted most notably the United Kingdom where it peaked at number 54 in the UK Singles Chart and in the United States where it debuted at number 94 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The single has peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" Hot Modern Rock Tracks. Its UK peak made the single Coldplay's first to fail to chart in the UK Top 40 although considering the fact that it was not physically released (though it was still available as a digital download at the time).
Buoyed by the band's success at the 2009 Grammy Awards, a live Grammy performance of the single featuring Jay-Z was released exclusively to iTunes, spurring digital download sales. As a result, "Lost!" achieved a new peak position on the "Billboard" Hot 100, re-entering at number 40. Billboard called the collaboration a "gloomy instrumentation with a series of drums and claps that perfectly fits the lyrical content of the song and makes the transition from Martin's singing to Jay's rapping seem effortless." Christian Hoard of "Rolling Stone", in his review of "Prospekt's March", praised "Lost+" as containing a "great Jay-Z cameo."
Music video.
The music video to "Lost!" was officially released on Coldplay's website on 26 September 2008. It features a live performance of the song at United Center in Chicago, Illinois. It shows views of different members of the band playing the song and Chris Martin actively moving around stage while singing. The video was filmed and directed by Mat Whitecross. According to Luke Lewis of "NME", the video is a tribute to U2's tour documentary "Rattle and Hum". An alternative version was released for "Lost+". This video is the same as the original but with the camera angles slightly altered, primarily to show a screen on stage which features Jay-Z whose performance was added digitally.
Coldplay launched a contest in October 2008 in which fans submitted homemade music videos for the "Lost?" acoustic version. Open to all fans worldwide, the competition closed on 1 December 2008. All members of the band picked the finalists and judged the winning entries on 5 December. The winner was awarded a pair of "ultra-VIP" tickets to the band's show in O2 arena in London in December 2008, and it included backstage passes. The winning video was announced on the 8 December 2008, with the winner being Paul O'Brien for a "Wonderful blend of Claymation and Computer Graphics". O'Brien's video and the runner up, made by Martin Buzora, are featured on Coldplay's official website.

</doc>
<doc id="18676025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676025" title="Matthias Maucksch">
Matthias Maucksch

Matthias Maucksch (born 11 June 1969) is a German former footballer who played as midfielder or defender. He now works as a coach, but is currently unemployed, having been sacked by Dynamo Dresden, the club where he began his career.
Playing career.
Maucksch came through the youth system at Dynamo Dresden, and made his debut in the DDR-Oberliga in 1987. He stayed with Dynamo after reunification, and played in the Bundesliga for four seasons, his 118 appearances the club record at this level. After Dynamo's double relegation in 1995, he joined 2. Bundesliga side VfL Wolfsburg, where he remained for two years, leaving after their promotion to the Bundesliga. After one year back in Saxony with VfB Leipzig, he returned to the Bundesliga with 1. FC Nuremberg, but only made five league appearances and left after a year. After a similarly unproductive season with Energie Cottbus, he moved into amateur football in Saxony, playing for FV Dresden 06 and VfL Pirna-Copitz.
International career.
He earned one cap for the East German national team, in one of the team's last games, a 3–0 defeat against France in 1990.
Coaching career.
After the end of his playing career, Maucksch went into coaching, taking over at Döbelner SC in early 2007. In October of the same year, he was appointed as manager of Dynamo Dresden's reserve team, replacing Jan Seifert, who had stepped up to the assistant manager's role. In his second season in charge, he led the team to victory in both the Landesliga Sachsen and the Sachsenpokal. Following this success, he was appointed as manager of Dynamo's first team in October 2009, after the sacking of Ruud Kaiser. Maucksch managed to steer the club clear of relegation, and in the following season within an outside chance of a playoff place, but was sacked in April 2011 after a run of five games without a win.

</doc>
<doc id="18676028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676028" title="Lin Ben Yuan Family">
Lin Ben Yuan Family

The Lin Ben Yuan (林本源; rōmaji: "Rin Hon Gen"; pe̍h-oē-jī: "Lîm Pún Goân"; pinyin: "Lín Běn Yuǎn"), also known as the Banqiao Lin Family (板橋林家), are a Taiwanese family of businesspeople, politicians, and scholars. They rose from the era of the Qing Dynasty and are still active in present Taiwan. In June 2008, "Forbes" ranked Lin Ming-cheng (林明成) as the 20th richest in Taiwan. He is a member of the seventh generation of the family and the chairman of Hua Nan Financial Holdings.
Origin.
The family were descended from Lin Ying-yin (林應寅), who immigrated, with his son Lin Ping-hou (林平侯), from Zhangzhou of Fujian to Xinzhuang of Taiwan in 1784. They enriched by managing the rice business. Afterward, Lin Ping-hou separated his property into five portions, the "Yin" (飲), "Shui" (水), "Ben" (本), "Si" (思) and "Yuan" (源), which were respectively received by his five sons: Lin Guodong (林國棟), Lin Guoren (林國仁), Lin Guohua (林國華), Lin Guoying (林國英), and Lin Guofang (林國芳). Two of the brothers, Lin Guohua and Lin Guofang, reassociated later. As a result, the company of "Lin Ben Yuan" formed.
Legacy.
The Lin Family Mansion and Garden, the house of family, is a typical Chinese garden which was appointed as a national monument in Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18676030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676030" title="Michael Gear (bishop)">
Michael Gear (bishop)

Michael Frederick Gear (born 27 November 1934) is a former Suffragan Bishop of Doncaster.
Gear was educated at St John's College, Durham. Ordained in 1961, he began his career with a curacy at "Christ Church, Bexleyheath" was then Vicar of St Andrew, Clubmore, Liverpool; Rector of Avondale, Harare; Rural Dean of Macclesfield; and finally, before his elevation to the Episcopate, Archdeacon of Chester. Since retiring to Maidstone Bishop Michael continues to serve the church as an Assistant Bishop within Canterbury diocese and a trustee of a charity for Zimbabwean street children.

</doc>
<doc id="18676040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676040" title="John Jeremie">
John Jeremie

Sir John Jeremie (1795 – 23 April 1841) was a British judge and diplomat, Chief Justice of Saint Lucia and Governor of Sierra Leone. He was given an award in 1836 for advancing "negro freedom" after accusing the judges in Mauritius of bias. He understood that colour prejudice and slavery were different problems.
Biography.
Jeremie was born to John Jeremie, a barrister, on the British island of Guernsey in 1795. He went to Blundell's School in Devon before studying law in Dijon. His father died in Malta in 1810. He was called to the bar in his home island where he was successful, and published a posthumous legal work of his father's.
St Lucia.
Jeremie was appointed in 1824 to be Chief Justice of Saint Lucia, a post he held until 1831. During this time he was called upon to administer the slave laws that applied in the British Empire at that time. Although the slave trade had been abolished in the British Empire, slavery "per se" continued to be legal in some form during this time. The issue of slavery continued to be a subject that Jeremie was associated with throughout his life. He wrote four essays on "Colonial Slavery" pointing out the problems of slave communities and the improvements made in their conditions in Saint Lucia. He also advised on how to end slavery altogether. These publications were brought to the British public's attention and are thought to have contributed to slavery's abolition.
Mauritius.
Jeremie was appointed the procureur and advocate general of the island of Mauritius in 1832, but this was a very difficult appointment. In 1830, the Governor Sir Charles Colville reported that there was "a great deal of bad feeling against His Majesty’s Government continues to prevail and shew itself here… there is an almost total cessation in the payment of taxes..." He arrived there in June 1832, and the hostility to him as a known abolitionist was very difficult to handle. It took an armed escort to get him off his boat after trying to leave for two days. The judges refused to turn up to appoint him, and he was attacked by a mob in the street. Sir Charles Colville ordered him home, but he was sent out again when he arrived back in Great Britain. He arrived again the following year but there were continued charges about his and others' behaviour. In 1833 he charged the judges with bias and involvement with slavery. The governor failed to support him, and he resigned again and left on 28 October 1833. His behaviour was justified in his 1835 report - "Recent Events at Mauritius".
Jeremie could see that slavery would be illegal soon, and he predicted that other existing laws predicated on colour prejudice would be a source of further ill feeling. He petitioned to have the respective laws revoked.
Ceylon.
On 2 October 1835 he was appointed second puisne judge of the Ceylon Supreme Court, and took up the position on 9 December 1836. In the same year he was honoured by the Anti-Slavery Society with a plaque that read:
Jeremie was in London to attend the World's anti-slavery convention on 12 June 1840.
With some premonition, Jeremie was to write later of his time in Ceylon, when others were worried that he had accepted a position as a Governor in Sierra Leone:
London.
The portrait above shows him in a detail from this painting made to commemorate the event which attracted delegates from America, France, Haiti, Australia, Ireland, Jamaica and Barbados.
Sierra Leone.
He was appointed Governor of Sierra Leone on 15 October 1840 which was both an honour and a health risk. His confidence is apparent in the quotation above where he notes that he survived six years in Ceylon and outlived the other judges appointed to the Supreme Court there. His only daughter Catherine married Captain Taylor in March 1841. He was knighted on 15 November 1840, before leaving for Africa. He died at Port Loko in Sierra Leone after only a few months in Africa of a fever.

</doc>
<doc id="18676045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676045" title="List of Nippon Professional Baseball players (Y)">
List of Nippon Professional Baseball players (Y)

The following is a list of Nippon Professional Baseball players with the last name starting with Y, retired or active.

</doc>
<doc id="18676046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676046" title="Cryptoblabes gnidiella">
Cryptoblabes gnidiella

The Honeydew Moth or Christmasberry Moth (Cryptoblabes gnidiella) is a moth of the family Pyralidae. It is natively found around the Mediterranean Sea and is an introduced species in South America and Middle America.
The wingspan is 11–20 mm. The caterpillars feed on orange fruit and other types of citrus fruit, apple and maize. The adults feed on honeydew, and their association with the "christmasberry" (Brazilian Pepper, "Schinus terebinthifolius") seems to be mainly for that reason.

</doc>
<doc id="18676061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676061" title="Nemėžis">
Nemėžis

Nemėžis () is a village in the Vilnius district municipality, Lithuania. It is located south-east of Vilnius along a railway.
History.
It is believed that there was a castle in Nemėžis during the reign of Vytautas the Great (1392–1430). The settlement was first mentioned in written sources in 1496 when Grand Duke of Lithuania Alexander Jagiellon welcomed his future wife Helena of Moscow here.
On 3 November 1656, the Truce of Vilna between Tsardom of Russia and the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth was signed in the Nemėžis estate, then owned by Lew Sapieha. 
Lipka Tatars.
Nemėžis is one of several Lithuanian settlements where Lipka Tatars live. Brought as prisoners of war, Tatars were allowed to settle here in 1397 after Vytautas' expeditions against the Golden Horde (see the Battle of Blue Waters). Up until this day they have preserved their traditions and Islamic religion. At first Tatars served as personal guards for the Grand Duke of Lithuania, but later took up more civil professions: breeding horses, tanning, gardening. Eventually Tatars became known as excellent gardeners, growing eggplants, tomatoes, and other vegetables. Even today Nemėžis is known for its numerous greenhouses.
The first wooden mosque in Nemėžis was built in 1684. It burned down but a new one was built in 1909. During the Soviet times it was turned into a warehouse. After Lithuania declared independence, the mosque was returned to the community and it continues to be used for religious services. In 1993 it was restored. It is used for prayer only on Fridays, young moon. On that occasion a mullah comes from Vilnius. Nemėžis mosque is one of four operational mosques in Lithuania. Nemėžis also has an operational Tatar cemetery and a Tatar school.
Nemėžis estate.
The Nemėžis estate, located approximately 1 km outside the village, was established in the 16th century. At first it belonged to the Pac family, but changed hands frequently. Its owners at different times were the Radziwiłł family, Jan Kazimierz Sapieha, Jan Karol Chodkiewicz, Lew Sapieha, and the Ogiński family. Until the 19th century the manor was of a wooden construction. In 1828 the place was bought by the Tyszkiewicz family and Michał Tyszkiewicz rebuilt the manor in bricks in 1836–1856. The park of the estate was destroyed while building a road, connecting Vilnius with Minsk.

</doc>
<doc id="18676068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676068" title="Mohammad Nami">
Mohammad Nami

Mohammad Nami (Arabic: محمد نامي; born 7 January 1987) is a Saudi Arabian football defender for Al-Hilal in the Saudi Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="18676071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676071" title="Emmanuel Clottey">
Emmanuel Clottey

Emmanuel Atukwei Clottey (born 30 August 1987) is a Ghanaian professional footballer, who currently plays for Espérance Sportive de Tunis and the Ghana national team.
Career.
Clottey began his career with Brazil Academy and then later joined Mighty Victory Sporting Club, before signing with Great Olympics in 2004.
In 2007, Clottey was top goalscorer of the Ghana Premier League and moved in January on a 6-month loan to Austrian Football Bundesliga club FC Wacker Innsbruck, his first club in Europe. Clottey then joined OB on loan and made his debut as a substitute against FC Amager in the Ekstra bladet cup. He later returned to Great Olympics in January 2009 then again signed a contract on 9 April 2009 with Eleven Wise. In June 2010, Clottey joined Berekum Chelsea.
On 12 September 2012, after impressing in the 2012 CAF Champions League, Tunisian club Espérance de Tunis reached a deal with Berekum Chelsea to sign Clottey to a three-year contract, for an estimated transfer fee of $1.5 million.
On 18 June 2013, Clottey agreed a one-year loan move to the UAE Arabian Gulf League team Al Dhafra from Espérance.

</doc>
<doc id="18676073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676073" title="Tigridia pavonia">
Tigridia pavonia

Tigridia pavonia is the best-known species from the genus "Tigridia", in the Iridaceae family. Common names include jockey's cap lily, Mexican shellflower peacock flower, and tiger flower. The species is native to southern Mexico and mesoamerica, and is naturalized elsewhere in South America.
It is very popular as an ornamental plant among lovers of interesting flowers. The blooms come in a variety of colours. They open early in the morning and are already closed around 5 P.M. when dusk begins to fall. Every day a different bloom is opened. The plants that are grown from seeds bloom in the first year after they are sowed. 

</doc>
<doc id="18676075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676075" title="DYCC-TV">
DYCC-TV

DYCC-TV 47 is a Philippine television station of Cebu Catholic Television Network (CCTN) owned by the Archdiocese of Cebu in Cebu City, Philippines. The station's studios located at the CCTN Broadcast Center, Cardinal Rosales Avenue, Cebu Business Park, Cebu City. This also known as the first Catholic TV station on free TV.
CCTN airs mostly Catholic programs, as well as drama series, news and public service.

</doc>
<doc id="18676089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676089" title="Richard Wilton">
Richard Wilton

Richard Wilton (died December 21, 1239) was an English scholastic philosopher.
Works.
His works included:
Life.
Little is known for certain, except that he was an Englishman, who joined the Trinitarians. 
Claims of Oldoinus in his "Athenaeum Romanum", published at Perugia in 1676, have later been controverted: 

</doc>
<doc id="18676094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676094" title="Lac des Vaux">
Lac des Vaux

Lac des Vaux is a lake above Verbier in the canton of Valais, Switzerland. The lake is located in the municipality of Riddes.

</doc>
<doc id="18676096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676096" title="Yukinori Taniguchi">
Yukinori Taniguchi

Early career.
As a child, Taniguchi became an enthusiastic arcade gamer, spending much time on early arcade games such as Space Invaders. By the time of high school, he was programming his own game and started working under contract for a local game company in Hiroshima. Two years later, he transferred to a highschool in U.S. and graduated from it in 1989. He entered into Osaka Prefecture University as an Engineering student but at the same time, he obtained a post as the chief of Osaka development department of Compile. In 1993, when he was 24 and in his third year of university, he set up his own company, Yuke's, in his own flat in Osaka and developed about 20 games before he graduated from the university.
Yuke's.
Professional wrestling.
In 1993, Taniguchi founded his own company, Yuke's, at his apartment in Sakai, Osaka. He developed about 20 games until his graduation from the university. After the graduation, he hit on the development of professional wrestling games to make use of 3D graphics performance of PlayStation thus his company's Toukon Retsuden, put on the market from Tomy in 1995. Unlike other 3D fighting games in the market which emphasised button mashing, Tokonretuden's game mechanics combined Submission-grapple-attack like rock-paper-scissor, launching the title as a million seller in Japan.
The success of the Toukon Retsuden series made Yuke's obtain capital and the company developed Evil Zone the first game to sell under the name of the Yuke's. The game did not succeed in Japan but the loss has recovered by sales in foreign countries, particularly from U.S. Because of this experience, he determined to aim at an United States market and developed WWF SmackDown!. The game that had been put on the market in 2000 not only was sold 2 million in the United States but also made success also in Japan. In Japan, the game contributed to the eminence improvement of World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) that was the base of the game.
In 2005, Taniguchi bought controlling 51% stake of slumping New Japan Pro Wrestling (which Tokon retuden was based on) as a white knight. This action has further raised his eminence among the professional wrestling fan in Japan.
Racing career.
Taniguchi supported Nobushige Kumakubo's Team Orange (Team Yuke's) in the D1 Grand Prix and Yuke's developed game series of the event.
He entered in some spec racing series as a driver. In 2005, he competed in Super Taikyu on Nissan 350Z with Tarzan Yamada and became series champion. In 2007, he competed in the Japan Le Mans Challenge, and won a race and became runner-up in the season.
In 2008 Taniguchi competed in two rounds of the FIA World Touring Car Championship (WTCC) in a Honda Accord for the N. Technology team alongside regular driver James Thompson. After a break, Taniguchi returned to the WTCC in 2010 with Bamboo Engineering, racing in the final three events of the season in a Chevrolet Lacetti, previously driven by Harry Vaulkhard. He joined Wiechers-Sport for the 2013 FIA WTCC Race of Japan to replace their regular driver Fredy Barth who had other commitments.

</doc>
<doc id="18676105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676105" title="Dioryctria abietella">
Dioryctria abietella

Dioryctria abietella is a moth of the family Pyralidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 27–33 mm. The moth flies in one generation from the end of May to September .
The caterpillars feed on pine and other conifers.

</doc>
<doc id="18676106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676106" title="HMS Warwick (1733)">
HMS Warwick (1733)

HMS "Warwick" was a 60-gun fourth-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built to the 1719 Establishment at Plymouth by P. Lock. The keel was laid down on 1 April 1730, and the ship was launched on 25 October 1733, and completed on 24 August 1734.
Service history.
"Warwick" was commissioned under the command of Captain Edmund Brooke. In 1735 she was with the fleet of Admiral John Norris in the Tagus. In October 1736 she returned to England and was paid off.
She was recommissioned in June 1739 under the command of Captain John Toller, and served with Admiral Nicholas Haddock's fleet in the Mediterranean. Command had passed to Captain Temple West by 1743, under whom she was present at the Battle of Toulon on 11 February 1744.
She was recommissioned in January 1746 under the command of Captain Robert Erskine. On 14 July 1747, "Warwick" was off the Azores in company with the 40-gun "Lark", Captain John Crookshanks, when she encountered the Spanish 74 "Glorioso", sailing from the Spanish Main with 3 million dollars in treasure. "Warwick" attacked but, left unsupported, was beaten to a standstill, and the "Glorioso" escaped. Crookshanks, who was the senior officer, was cashiered.
In 1748, under the command of Captain Thomas Innes, "Warwick" was part of the squadron under Sir Charles Knowles in the Caribbean, and took part on the attacks on Fort Saint Louis de Sud and Santiago de Cuba in March and April, and in the Battle of Havana on 12 October 1748.
Capture by France.
She was recommissioned in March 1755 under the command of Captain Molyneux Shuldham and sailed for the Leeward Islands. On 21 December 1755 "Warwick" was detached by Commodore Thomas Frankland to cruise in the neighbourhood of Martinique. At daybreak on 11 March 1756, three French ships were sighted, and "Warwick" attempted to escape. The ships were the 74-gun "Prudent", Captain d'Aubigny, and frigates "Atalante" and "Zéphyr". In the heavy seas "Warwick" was unable to bring her lower deck guns into action, and also her crew had been depleted by illness, with less than 300 from her crew of 400 fit. "Atalante" (34), Captain du Chaliault, came up on her quarter, and kept up a steady fire, cutting up her rigging. The "Prudent" then also drew in close and opened fire. Shuldham ordered his guns to fire on the larger ship, firing at "Atalante" with small-arms only. After half an hour, in a hopeless position, "Warwick" surrendered. Shuldham was held as a prisoner of war for two years.
Recapture by Great Britain.
On 20 January 1761 "Warwick" sailed from Rochefort, mounting only 34 guns, and loaded with provisions, ammunition, stores, and a detachment of troops bound for the Isle de France (now Mauritius). On the 24th she was recaptured by , under the command of Captain Alexander Hood, in the Bay of Biscay. She proved unfit for further service and was broken up later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18676115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676115" title="Quicabo">
Quicabo

Quicabo is a town in Bengo Province, Angola northeast of Luanda. Elevation 200m.
Transport.
It was once served by a narrow gauge branch railway.

</doc>
<doc id="18676129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676129" title="Studnica lake">
Studnica lake

Studnica lake (, ) is a lake located in the Gwda Valley District, in the north-west part of Poland. It is long, wide and wide. Studnica lake is also the source of Gwda river.
There are four different Studnica lakes in Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18676131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676131" title="Dioryctria sylvestrella">
Dioryctria sylvestrella

Dioryctria sylvestrella, sometimes called New Pine Knot-horn, is a moth of the family Pyralidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 28–35 mm. The moth flies in one generation from June to October .
The caterpillars feed on pine.

</doc>
<doc id="18676147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676147" title="Annie Francé-Harrar">
Annie Francé-Harrar

Annie Francé-Harrar (* December 2, 1886 Munich, Germany; † January 23, 1971 Hallein, Austria) was an Austrian writer and scientist. 
Francé-Harrar created the scientific basis for the humus-compost-economy together with her second husband "Raoul Heinrich Francé". During her life she wrote 47 books, some 5000 articles in the German press, and held over 500 lectures and courses, including radio broadcasts. 
At a young age she combined her artistic and literary talent with technical research. The first printed work appeared in 1911 and described in verses the lives of women over the centuries. In the same year she first married, but after only six years this marriage ended in divorce. In 1916 she met Raoul H. Francé, director of the Biological Institute in Munich, and became his assistant. 1920 the first utopian novel "The fire souls" described the problem of the destruction of soil fertility. After the divorce from her first husband, she married Francé in Dinkelsbühl 1923. In 1924 the couple settled down in Salzburg. There she wrote - based on impressions and research - a book about the famous doctor Paracelsus, who had died in this city 1541. The period to 1930 was the first group of overseas travels, the occasion for a series of monographs. With regard to the health of her husband, increasingly frequent stays in Ragusa (today's Dubrovnik) on the southern Adriatic coast followed. From there the couple fled in the turmoil of the Second World War to Budapest in 1943, where Raoul Heinrich Francé died in the same year - a leukemia had been recognized too late. After the end of the Second World War Annie Francé-Harrar began with the construction of a breeding station for the transformation of urban waste in Budapest in the summer of 1945 and developed the first "Impfziegel" (bioreactor) for composting. 
In 1947 she returned to Austria. At the Bavarian Agriculture Publishers her work appeared in 1950 with the title "The Last Chance - for a future without need", which was well received and popular. Even Albert Einstein admired this work and said it would have a permanent place in world literature. As a result of the book "The Last Chance" she was appointed on behalf of the government in Mexico and supported the country for nine years to set up a large humus organization in the fight against erosion and soil degradation. As a result of almost 40 years of work, in 1958 the book "Humus - soil life and fertility" was published. After several intermediate stops in Europe she returned in 1961 to their home. She was still actively working in the World Union for Protection of Life and other organizations. She spent her last years in the pension Schloss Kahlsberg, where she died in January 1971 after a short illness at 85 years of age. On 26 January she was buried at the side of her husband in Oberalm-Hallein.

</doc>
<doc id="18676162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676162" title="Missing Adventures (Bernice Summerfield book)">
Missing Adventures (Bernice Summerfield book)

Missing Adventures is a Big Finish original anthology edited by Rebecca Levene, featuring Bernice "Benny" Summerfield, a character from the spin-off media based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
The stories in "Missing Adventures" are set throughout Benny's early life, from girlhood to the evening before she meets the Doctor in "Love and War". The Doctor does not appear.
"Missing Adventures" was published to celebrate the fifteenth anniversary of Benny's first appearance in Virgin Publishing's "New Adventures" range. Rebecca Levene, the editor, acted as a range editor for the "New Adventures", and several of the contributors previously wrote novels in the series. 

</doc>
<doc id="18676173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676173" title="HMS Pembroke (1733)">
HMS Pembroke (1733)

HMS "Pembroke" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built to the dimensions of the 1719 Establishment at Woolwich Dockyard, and launched on 27 November 1733.
In April 1749, whilst near Fort St David, "Pembroke", along with and the hospital ship , was wrecked in a storm, with the loss of nearly all hands, only 12 being saved.

</doc>
<doc id="18676178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676178" title="Endotricha flammealis">
Endotricha flammealis

Endotricha flammealis is a moth of the family Pyralidae.
The wingspan is 18–23 mm. The moth flies from July to August in the temperate parts of its range (e.g. in the British Isles) and is attracted to light.
The caterpillars typically feed on, Common Agrimony ("Agrimonia eupatoria") and bilberries ("Vaccinium"), as well as on various plant remains and on dry leaves of willows ("Salix") and oaks ("Quercus").

</doc>
<doc id="18676195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676195" title="Lac Vert">
Lac Vert

Lac Vert may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18676212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676212" title="Cyril Ashton">
Cyril Ashton

Cyril Guy Ashton (born 6 April 1942) was the Suffragan Bishop of Doncaster from 2000 to 2011.
Career.
Cyril Ashton trained for the Anglican ministry at Oak Hill Theological College, London, and began a curacy at "St Thomas, Blackpool" in 1967. He was then successively: Vocations Secretary to the Church Pastoral Aid Society (1970–1974); Vicar of "St Thomas, Lancaster" (1974–1991); and finally, before his elevation to the Episcopate, was Director of Training for the Diocese of Blackburn (1991–2000). 
In 1986 he gained an M.A. degree at Lancaster University. He was made an Honorary Canon of Blackburn Cathedral in 1991. He was also the course director of the Post-Graduate Diploma at Cliff College, Derbyshire from 1995.
Cyril Ashton retired as Bishop of Doncaster on 13 July 2011, with a farewell service at St George's Minster, Doncaster. 
During his 17 years’ incumbency at St Thomas Lancaster, Cyril Ashton developed a distinctive ministry in the charismatic renewal movement and encouraged the open use of charismatic gifts in the main Sunday services. In addition to the normal Anglican offices of the Parochial Church Council, Cyril also introduced an additional tier of church leaders who were styled as ‘elders’.
Personal points.
Cyril lists his recreations as motorcycling, vintage cars, swimming, cycling, music, wine, and walking, Bishop Cyril is married to Muriel and they have four adult children. Cyril and Muriel plan to retire in the Lancaster area.

</doc>
<doc id="18676219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676219" title="Ephestia elutella">
Ephestia elutella

The Cacao Moth, Tobacco Moth or Warehouse Moth (Ephestia elutella) is a small moth of the family Pyralidae. It is probably native to in Europe, but has been transported widely, even to Australia. A subspecies is "E. e. pterogrisella".
The wingspan is 14–20 mm. This moth flies throughout the warmer months, e.g. from the end of April to October in Belgium and the Netherlands.
The caterpillars are often considered a pest, as they feed on dry plant produce, such as cocoa beans and tobacco, as well as cereals and dried fruit and nuts. Less usual foods include dried-out meat and animal carcasses, specimens in insect collections, and dry wood.
This species has been known under a number of junior synonyms:

</doc>
<doc id="18676220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676220" title="Locust Creek Covered Bridge">
Locust Creek Covered Bridge

Locust Creek Covered Bridge can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18676233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676233" title="Planet Rock Profiles">
Planet Rock Profiles

Planet Rock Profiles is an Irish-produced and long-running television show consisting of a biographical profile of a band or musician. Created by Eamonn Maguire and initially presented by Dave Fanning, and later by Tom Dunne, "Planet Rock Profiles" has aired on RTE Two, ITV, Channel V, Music Country, VH1 Europe and many other music channels worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="18676235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676235" title="B-Ration">
B-Ration

B ration (or Type B Ration) is a term used in the United States military for a meal provided to troops which was prepared using canned or preserved ingredients. 'B' ration meals may be prepared in field kitchens and served in the field, or served in garrisons without adequate refrigeration or freezer facilities.
'B' rations differ from 'A' rations in that they do not utilize fresh, frozen, or refrigerated ingredients. They are distinguished from field rations (such as the Meal, Ready-to-Eat or its predecessor, the Meal, Combat, Individual ration) in that they are ordinarily prepared in field kitchens instead of being distributed at the unit or individual level for immediate consumption.
Whereas historical 'B' rations were often prepared by trained personnel in field kitchens, the term increasingly applies to prepackaged bulk rations that require minimal additional preparation in the field today, more analogous to group feeding rations such as 5-in-1 ration or 10-in-1 food parcel of the past. 'B' rations today may include the Unitized Group Ration B (UGR-B), a hybrid meal kit designed to feed a group for one meal. The UGR-B has several different varieties, including a tray-based heat and serve (T-rat) form, heated by hot water immersion when a field kitchen is not available, or the express form, with a self-heating module and disposable accessories.

</doc>
<doc id="18676240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676240" title="William Victor Fox">
William Victor Fox

William Victor Fox (8 January 1898—17 February 1949) was an English sportsman who played both cricket and football to a high level.
Cricket.
Fox made his first-class debut for Worcestershire in May 1923, making 5 and 7 in an innings defeat against Hampshire at Southampton.
However, thereafter he contributed some useful innings throughout the season and ended not far short of a thousand runs, including his maiden century, an unbeaten 178 against Northamptonshire.
His average that summer was a useful 32.70, but his career came to an enforced (though temporary) end at the end of the season when MCC ruled that his qualification was invalid.
Fox's cricketing career resumed in 1926, and from then until 1930 he was a regular in the Worcestershire team. In a usually weak batting side, Fox performed well, making his thousand runs in 1926, 1928 and 1929, and missing out by a single run in 1927.
His best season was 1929; in this year he made 1,457 first-class runs at an average of 31, with two hundreds and seven fifties. It was in 1929 also that Fox hit his career-best innings: 198 against Warwickshire at Edgbaston.
His form fell away in 1930, and after hitting 134 against Lancashire at the start of July
Fox made only one further half-century in 15 innings that year.
He played not at all in 1931, and although he appeared four times in 1932 he did nothing of any note in those games.
He was a strictly occasional bowler, sending down fewer than 35 overs in his career and claiming just two first-class wickets. His victims were both substantial cricketers: Yorkshire's George Macaulay in 1926
and Leicestershire's Alan Shipman in 1929.
Fox died at the early age of 51 following an operation.Leaving Mrs Frances Vera Fox and son Kenneth Fox
Football.
Fox played football for Middlesbrough, Wolves and Newport County.

</doc>
<doc id="18676247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676247" title="Lamalif">
Lamalif

Published in Morocco in 1966, Lamalif was monthly magazine in French published in Morocco between 1966 and 1988. 
It took its title from two Arabic letters that form the word "la", meaning "no". This sly wordplay encapsulated the magazine's objective. Launched after the defeat of the Moroccan opposition (Union Socialiste des Forces Populaires) by the monarchy, "Lamalif" was a form of challenge. "The goal in this tragic situation was not to lose hope, to build an alternative," explained the founders, Zakya Daoud and Mohamed Loghlam. 
Throughout its 22 years existence, "Lamalif" was characterised by its intellectual rigour and radical political stance. Covering social, cultural and economical issues, all from a political perspective it established itself as "a space for reflection and a force of significant challenge." Its ideological debates amongst journalists, economists, academics, and politicians became intellectual references and proved seminal in the development of many of Morocco's best thinkers and writers. Its focus on arts and culture was equally influential. Is covers frequently featured work by artists and its writings on film contributed to the rise of Moroccan cinema in the 1970s. 
"Lamalif" was however never exclusionary and it soon established a wide and diverse readership. Ironically it was this success that led to the publications ultimate demise. Its popularity and outspoken stance soon attracted the ire of the authorities and it didn't take long before Daoud was "regarded as Public Enemy." After years of threats, censorship and seizures, "Lamalif" was finally forced to shut down in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18676267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676267" title="Etiella zinckenella">
Etiella zinckenella

Etiella zinckenella is a moth of the family Pyralidae. It is found in Southern & Eastern Europe and in the tropics and subtropics of Africa and Asia. They have also been introduced to North America and Australia.
The wingspan is 22–26 mm.
The caterpillars feed on the mung bean, "Phaseolus lunatus" and other species of Fabaceae. They have also been recorded on "Catha edulis" ("Celastraceae").

</doc>
<doc id="18676284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676284" title="Christian Era Broadcasting Service">
Christian Era Broadcasting Service

Christian Era Broadcasting Service also known as Iglesia ni Cristo Television, (formerly Global Expansion Media) is a Philippine television and radio network, and a religious broadcast arm of Iglesia ni Cristo. This station studios are located in Quezon City. It is a sister company of the Net 25, which owns DZEC and Pinas FM 95.5. Currently, its flagship television station, DZCE-UHF TV Channel 49 (INC TV) in Metro Manila.
Digital Television.
With its partnership with the Japanese government through the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications (MIC), Digital Broadcasting Experts Group (DiBEG) and the Association of Radio Industries and Businesses (ARIB) in Japan. 
It has developed a strong partnership with NET 25, the television station of Eagle Broadcasting Corporation in the digital transmission of the network’s HD content. GEMNET is ready for HD with the purchase of HD equipment and cameras - Panasonic HVX200, HPX500 and HPX3000, and Sony EX series to name a few. This marks the first terrestrial high definition channel of the Philippines, namely GEM HD.

</doc>
<doc id="18676294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676294" title="A-349,821">
A-349,821

A-349,821 is a potent and selective histamine H3 receptor antagonist (or possibly an inverse agonist). It has nootropic effects in animal studies, although there do not appear to be any plans for clinical development at present and it is currently only used in laboratory research.
See also.
H3 receptor antagonist

</doc>
<doc id="18676298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676298" title="Lake Vert (Val-d'Illiez)">
Lake Vert (Val-d'Illiez)

Lake Vert is a lake in the Chablais region of the canton of Valais, Switzerland. The lake is located in the municipality of Val-d'Illiez, at an elevation of 1972 metres, near the border with France. Lac de Chésery lies 600 metres north.

</doc>
<doc id="18676328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676328" title="Traditions of University of Santo Tomas">
Traditions of University of Santo Tomas

The traditions of University of Santo Tomas in Manila, Philippines.
Opening of the school year.
Misa de Apertura.
Being the "Catholic University of the Philippines", UST opens each school year with the Mass of the Holy Spirit. The mass is officiated by a Dominican father at the Santisimo Rosario Parish. The opening is formally declared by the Apostolic Nuncio or his delegate, in consonance with the status of UST as a pontifical university.
In 2012, Apostolic Nuncio to the Philippines, Archbishop Giuseppe Pinto, led the Misa de Apertura and the opening rites of the school year.
Discurso de Apertura.
Discurso de apertura consists of a printed extensive scientific paper read by its author at the formal opening of the school year. The professor or dean assigned the preparation of this academic paper is appointed by the rector of the university a few months prior to the opening of each school year.
The Discurso started on July 16, 1866 as an annual event. It was temporarily discontinued in 1929 when Don Nicanor Cortez failed to write his dissertation. Twelve years after, the tradition was brought back with Fr. Angel de Blas, O.P., a psychologist, as the speaker. It was again discontinued in 1942 at the break out of World War II, and resumed later on in 1946.
Replacing the usual Discurso Apertura in 2012 was the inaugural address of Rev. Fr. Herminio V. Dagohoy, O.P. as the ninety-sixth rector of the university.
The Thomasian Welcome Walk.
The Thomasian Welcome Walk (TWW) is an annual university tradition that seeks to instill a sense of pride and belonging among the youngest members of the Thomasian Family. It symbolizes the linkage between incoming freshmen and their predecessors in the university. The first Walk took place in June 14, 2002, known before as "The Rites of Passage".
Freshmen from the 19 faculties and colleges of the university, including the high school, pass under historic Arch of the Centuries and walk towards the UST Main Building. Shortly after the symbolic passing is the Eucharistic Celebration—the highlight of the event. A welcome party featuring live bands and other university organizations comes after the mass.
In 2012, like the previous years, the Walk was postponed several times because of bad weather. Originally scheduled on June 28, it was held on September 24 at the UST Quadricentennial Pavilion. The Walk, for the first time, was divided into two batches as the venue could not accommodate all freshmen students. The first batch was held in the morning and it was participated by students from the Arts and Letters, Engineering, Commerce and Business Administration, Tourism and Hospitality Management, Science, Music, and Education High School. The Walk for the second batch took place immediately after.
School spirit and sport traditions.
Alma mater.
The UST Hymn is the alma mater of the University of Santo Tomas. The lyrics were written by Dean Julio Esteban Anguita, the UST Conservatory of Music's first director. The music was arranged by Jose Maria Hernandez and was orchestrated by Manuel P. Maramba, O.S.B. Today, only the chorus of the original hymn is being sung and being played.
Colors and mascots.
UST's official mascot is the Growling Tiger. Another mascot, Quster, which stands for Quadricentennial UST Tiger, was specially made for the 400th anniversary of the university. In The Varsitarian, UST students are represented by Tomas U. Santos.
Thomasian Goodwill Games.
The Thomasian Goodwill Games is a program of the UST Institute of Physical Education and Athletics (IPEA) that seeks to promote the spirit of friendship and unity between students of the different colleges of the university. Sporting events include basketball, volleyball, football, judo, swimming, beach volleyball, and table tennis. It was formally established in school year 2002–2003 by UST judo coach Alberto Arce.
Colleges also have different sporting teams other than the ones mentioned above. Some include tennis and badminton in their college's sport fests.
Cheermania.
Cheermaniais an annual cheerdance competition organized by the UST Student Organizations Coordinating Council (UST SOCC).
Salinggawi Dance Troupe.
Every year, the UST Salinggawi Dance Troupe, the official dance group of the university holds dance competitions in August and dance concerts in March.
Colleges.
Part of the University's mission is to holistically develop students to be competent, compassionate professionals, and committed servants of the Church. Through regular recollections, Thomasians are given a different kind of time-out from their classrooms to help them find their spiritual self and God's presence in their souls. Half-day recollections are usually held in the UST Medicine Auditorium while one to three-day long retreats are usually held in the Dominican Retreat House—Caleruega, Philippines in Nasugbu, Batangas.
Insignias.
The coat of arms of the older faculties and colleges of the university were designed by Cenon M. Rivera, former director of the Fine Arts department of UST.
Each college also has a patron saint that was chosen based on the field or profession of the college. The selection is administered by the council of regents of the university.
Roll call.
In university events, like the Thomasian Welcome Walk and The Sending-off rights, the roll call of the university colleges is done according to their foundation year instead of the usual alphabetical order. Founded in 1611, the Faculty of Sacred Theology is called and introduced first. Being the youngest, founded in 2009, the College of Tourism and Hospitality Management is called last.
The Thomasian, the university website, USTET application forms, and most official publications follow the same way of presenting the colleges.
Christmas celebrations.
The Christmas Concert.
The UST Christmas Concert features talents from the UST Conservatory of Music, UST Singers, Coro Tomasino, Liturgikon, Conservatory Chorus Class, and the UST Symphony Orchestra. Traditional Filipino and foreign Christmas classics are performed in the event. At the end of every concert, the UST Symphony Orchestra and performers lead the audience in singing some songs such as 'Ang Pasko ay Sumapit.'
The Christmas Concert Gala began in 2003 when the UST secretary-general Fr. Isidro Abaño, O.P., envisioned a musical concert that would bring together world-class Thomasian talents who would perform for UST students, faculty, alumni, friends, and benefactors. Initially, the concert helped raise funds for the various projects of the university, such as scholarship grants of the students of the UST Conservatory of Music, but since 2008, it has also contributed in UST’s heritage-conservation efforts. Maricris Zobel, socialite and an art patroness, has been the co-chair of the organizing committee since then. Proceeds of the Christmas Gala has been allotted for the victims of typhoons Ondoy and Pepeng in 2009, restoration of various paintings, and construction of the UST Museum of Arts and Sciences Hall of Visual Arts in 2011.
Various organizations like the Belo Medical Group, the San Miguel Corporation, the Enrique Zobel group of companies, and the Singapore Airlines have become presenters of the event. In 2010, the Philippine Department of Foreign Affairs hosted the opening of the concert and the Lumina Pandit, an exhibit for the quadricentennial festivities.
At the ninth Christmas Concert Gala in December 1, 2011, the newly installed Martyr's Carillon at the façade of the Santisimo Rosario Parish was rang by the Professor Raul Sinico, Dean of the UST Conservatory of Music.
Paskuhan.
Primered by the Eucharistic Celebration, the Paskuhan is the Thomasian way of celebrating Christmas. It is one of the most awaited events of the year showcasing different performances from different student organizations, and live bands, which is complemented with an extravagant show of pyrotechny.
In the 2011 celebration, the crowd was estimated at 100,000.
Fireworks.
UST began having pyromusical shows in the opening of the Quadricentennial Celebration in January 27, 2011. It was also the first time the Philippines saw a multi-position pyromusical event when the fireworks were launched from the UST Grandstand and Santisimo Rosario Parish. In the Neo-Centennial Celebration in January this year, the University was also the first to set up a pyromusical in four different structures and buildings. The music and choreography of all the pyromusical events are arranged by Don Miguel Villarosa and the technicals and set-up are done by John Oliver Zeng, alumni of the UST College of Fine Arts and Design, class of 2009. The fireworks off all the pyromusical events are provided by Dragon Fireworks, a local fireworks manufacturer.
Legends.
Arch of the Centuries.
It has been a superstition that crossing the Arch while still studying in the university would result in a delay of graduation.
Sporadic events.
UST at 500.
At the end of the pyromusical display of the Neo-centennial Celebration in January 2012, "UST 500" was spelled out using indoor fireworks atop the Main Building.
The Varsitarian Neo-centennial magazine supplement released in June 2012 was entitled "Toward 500".

</doc>
<doc id="18676354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676354" title="Galleria mellonella">
Galleria mellonella

__NOTOC__
The greater wax moth or honeycomb moth (Galleria mellonella) is a moth of the family Pyralidae. It is the only member of the genus Galleria. It is found in most of the world, including Europe and adjacent Eurasia, its presumed native range, and as an introduced species on other continents, including North America and Australia.
Its close relative, the lesser wax moth ("Achroia grisella"), is also a member of tribe Galleriini of the pyralid subfamily Galleriinae. The greater wax moth is the type species of this tribe and subfamily.
Description, ecology and use by humans.
The adults' wingspan is 30–41 mm. This moth flies from May to October in the temperate parts of its range, such as Belgium and the Netherlands.
The caterpillar larvae, or waxworms, feed on the honeycomb inside bee nests and may become pests of apiculture. Less often, they are found in bumblebee and wasp nests, or feeding on dried figs. The larvae are commercially available. They can be used as food for the rearing of captive animals in terraria, such as geckos or predatory insects.
"Vairimorpha ephestiae" is a fungal parasite of the wax moth. "Pseudomonas aeruginosa" is also pathogenic to "G. mellonella". The associations of virulence factors are the same for plant and animal infections.
In research.
The waxworms of the greater wax moth have been shown to be an excellent model organism for "in vivo" toxicology and pathogenicity testing, replacing the use of small mammals in such experiments. The larvae are also well-suited models for studying the cellular and the humoral responses of the insect immune system. In genetics, they can be used to study inherited sterility.
Experiments with infected waxworms support the hypothesis that the bacterial stilbenoid 3,5-dihydroxy-4-isopropyl-trans-stilbene has antibiotic properties that help minimize competition from other microorganisms and prevents the putrefaction of the insect cadaver infected by the entomophagic nematode "Heterorhabditis", itself host for the "Photorhabdus" bacterium.
It is reported that "G. mellonella" is capable of hearing ultrasonic frequencies approaching 300 kHz, possibly the highest frequency sensitivity of any animal.
Synonyms.
As a widespread and somewhat notorious species, the greater wax moth has been described under a number of now-invalid junior synonyms:
Junior synonyms (and otherwise invalid names) of the genus "Galleria" are:

</doc>
<doc id="18676367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676367" title="Susan Hogarth">
Susan Hogarth

Susan Hogarth, a former candidate for North Carolina House of Representatives, is the founder of LPRadicals, a caucus of the Libertarian Party of the United States that she began in response to calls to eliminate the Party's platform, abolish or weaken the party's membership pledge, and abolish dues. She is also past chair of the Wake County chapter of the Libertarian Party of North Carolina.
Hogarth is a brain-imaging research coordinator in a neurodevelopmental disorders research group. She does copy editing work as well, and maintains a blog. She lives completely off the state electrical grid. Past offices she has run for include state legislature and county commission.
Views.
A fan of Murray Rothbard, she shares his disbelief in intellectual property. She believes that the best social safety net is "the vast and amazing web of transactions and interdependencies of the marketplace, where even the weakest and least skilled have something of value to contribute." She has said in the past that the Libertarian Party should stop acting like the dissident wing of the Republican Party and instead promote its own positive message.

</doc>
<doc id="18676371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676371" title="Claude Estiennot de la Serre">
Claude Estiennot de la Serre

Claude Estiennot de la Serre (or de la Serrée) (1639–1699) was a French Benedictine scholar of the Congregation of Saint-Maur.
Life.
He was born at Toutry. He joined the Benedictines at Vendôme and was professed there in 1658. After teaching humanities for a short time to the junior monks at Pontlevoy, he was, at the instance of Dom Luc d'Achery, sent to the Abbey of St-Germain-des-Prés, Paris. 
There he met Dom Mabillon, whose intimate friend and fellow-worker he became. Together they journeyed on foot through Flanders, visiting all its chief monastic libraries. In 1670 he was made sub-prior of St-Martin's, Pontoise.
In 1684 he was appointed procurator for his congregation in the Curia Romana, which post required his residence in Rome for the remainder of his life. During the fifteen years he lived in Italy he saw to many matters of ecclesiastical business. He enjoyed the confidence of several popes and other high officials of the Catholic Church. 
He died at d. at Rome in 1699, and was buried in the church of the Minims of SS. Trinità de' Monti.
Works.
A history of St-Martin's, Pontoise, in three volumes, was his first published work. Between 1673 and 1682 he compiled his chief work, entitled "Antiquités Bénédictines", in which the monastic traditions of France are treated under the headings of the different dioceses. Besides, he collected sixteen volumes of "Fragments historiques".
On his way to Rome he visited monasteries and collected literary material, which he sent back to Mabillon, and most of which found its way into the "Annales O.S.B." or the "Gallia Christiana". Though he did not publish much under his own name, he continued to research in the chief libraries of Italy, all of which were open to him, and to forward the results. 

</doc>
<doc id="18676391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18676391" title="Joseph Gillow">
Joseph Gillow

Joseph Gillow (5 October 1850, Preston – 17 March 1921, Westholme, Hale) was an English Roman Catholic antiquary and bio-bibliographer, "the Plutarch of the English Catholics".
Born to an English Roman Catholic family, Joseph Gillow was educated at St Cuthbert's College, Ushaw. In 1878 he married Ella McKenna, a brewer's daughter, securing him a private income allowing him to pursue his antiquarian interests. 
He published various researches into the history of Catholicism in Lancashire, but his greatest achievement was the "Biographical and Bibliographical Dictionary of the English Catholics" (5 vols, 1885-1902). To fit his material into the five volumes allotted him by his publishers, Gillow needed to abbreviate the later volumes. No index was available until 1986.
Gillow was appointed honorary recorder of the Catholic Record Society at its foundation in 1904, and was a frequent contributor to its transactions.

</doc>
