<doc id="18782807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18782807" title="George Geiger">
George Geiger

George Geiger (1843–1904) was a sergeant in the United States Army and the recipient to the highest military decoration for valor in combat — the Medal of Honor — for having distinguished himself at the Battle of the Little Big Horn on June 25, 1876, during the Indian Wars.
Biography.
Born in Cincinnati in 1843, he enlisted, June 15, 1861, with the 47th Ohio Infantry, Company A, in Cincinnati. Captured outside of Atlanta, he was imprisoned in the notorious Andersonville Prison Camp for two months and four days. Geiger was discharged August 11, 1865 in Little Rock, Arkansas.
He reenlisted with Troop M, of the 7th U.S. Cavalry, November 29, 1867 in St. Louis, Missouri. Geiger completed his enlistment and was discharged November 29, 1872 in Unionville, South Carolina. Nineteen days later, in Louisville, Kentucky, he reenlisted with the 7th Cavalry and was attached to Troop H, December 18, 1872. He completed his service and was discharged, for medical reasons, at Ft. Buford, South Dakota, December 18, 1877.
Geiger is described in military records as having been dark complexioned, gray eyes, 5’ 5” in height. He could read and write.
Military records identify him as a Protestant.
Geiger was admitted multiple times to the Dayton, Ohio VA hospital for various service-related illnesses ranging from chronic dysentery to rheumatism, beginning in 1897. He died January 23, 1904, age 61. Geiger was married. He was survived by his half brother, Edward Metzer, 1208 W. 7th Street, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Geiger was interred in the Dayton National Cemetery, Montgomery County, Ohio, Section N, Row 20, Grave 47.
Medal of honor citation.
Citation:
Description of Action.
Sergeant George Geiger was one of twenty-four soldiers of the 7th Cavalry to earn the Medal of Honor during the Battle of the Little Big Horn on June 25, 1876, often called "Custer's Last Stand." Five men received awards for direct combat actions. Sergeant Geiger was one of nineteen men who was cited for heroism in obtaining critical water for the wounded. Along with Private Charles Windolph, Blacksmith Henry Mechlin, and Saddler Otto Voit, Sergeant Geiger took up an exposed position outside of the cavalry's line of defense in order to draw enemy fire away from fifteen other men who risked their own lives to get water from the river. For four hours the four valiant troopers, acting as both decoys and an attacking force, dodged bullets and laid down a protective covering fire. They accomplished their mission so well that not one of the men who dashed the eighty yards from the cavalry encampment to the river was killed. 

</doc>
<doc id="18782809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18782809" title="Ryan Adams discography">
Ryan Adams discography

This is the discography for American singer-songwriter Ryan Adams.

</doc>
<doc id="18782825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18782825" title="Hokuriku Railroad Asanogawa Line">
Hokuriku Railroad Asanogawa Line

The is a Japanese railway line which connects Kanazawa Station in Kanazawa, Ishikawa Prefecture with Uchinada Station in Uchinada, Ishikawa Prefecture. It is owned and operated by Hokuriku Railroad. Due to its history as the former Asanogawa Electric Railway, the line is often referred to as the .
Service.
All trains make the run from Hokutetsu-Kanazawa to Uchinada once every 30 minutes during the day, and once every 22-24 minutes during peak periods. The trip takes 17 minutes
Until December 2006, there was express service which stopped at Kami-Moroe, Waridashi, Mitsuya, and Kagatsuma; the trip took 14 minutes.
Rolling stock.
Hokuriku Railway uses ten 8000 series (formerly Keio 3000 series) railcars on the Asanogawa Line. They are typically run in paired sets.
Stations.
All stations located in Ishikawa Prefecture.

</doc>
<doc id="18782844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18782844" title="Bahram Muzaffer">
Bahram Muzaffer

Bahram Muzaffer (born on August 4, 1986 in Fergana, Uzbekistan) is a Turkish amateur boxer competing in the light-heavyweight division.
Biography.
Bahram Muzaffer was born in Uzbekistan to a family of Meskhetian Turkish descent. Three years later his family fled the country in the midst of Turkish pogroms first to Russia, then to Azerbaijan, until they finally settled in Turkey in 1996. Muzaffer qualified for the 2008 Olympics at light-heavyweight after he was re-allocated the position vacated by Ismayl Sillakh. At the Olympics, Muzaffer beat Aziz Ali but lost in the round of 16 to Ireland's runner-up Kenneth Egan by 2:10.
He moved up a division and lost a surprisingly close fight at the 2009 World Amateur Boxing Championships – Heavyweight to eventual winner Egor Mekhontsev 5:7.<br> He won the bronze medal at the 2011 European Amateur Championships held in Ankara, Turkey losing to Tervel Pulev.
Later he went back down to win the Olympic qualifier at Light Heavyweight. At the 2012 Olympics he lost his first fight to Ehsan Rouzbahani.
The Iranian edged past the first round 5-4 and the Turkish boxer clinched the second round with a similar result. In the final round, Rouzbahani gained the upper hand and upped his work rate and Muzaffer could not cope with the sudden injection of pace.

</doc>
<doc id="18782855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18782855" title="Janak Singh">
Janak Singh

Major General Janak Singh (surname Katoch) CIE, OBI, ( 7 Aug 1872- 15 Mar 1972) hailed from Village Khaira,District Kangra in the present day State of Himachal Pradesh in India.He was Army Minister and later Revenue minister in the government of Maharaja Hari Singh of Jammu and Kashmir State. On 10 Aug 1947 he was brought out of retirement to be the Prime Minister at a turbulent time on the eve of the independence of India and Pakistan. He steered the 'Standstill Agreement" that Kashmir State wanted to sign with India and Pakistan.The agreement was not signed by India, before further deliberations were done Pakistan assisted raiders had marched into Kashmir state. Maj Gen Janak Singh asked to be relieved and was replaced by Mehr Chand Mahajan on 15 Oct 1947.On 13 September 1947 Maharaja Hari Singh had requested for loan of the services of Lt. Col. Kashmir Singh Katoch (son of Major-General Janak Singh)of the Indian Army to act as the Military Adviser to the Maharaja. This request was granted by the Indian government. Lt Col Kashmir Singh Katoch was the eldest of the three sons of Major General Janak Singh.He had won a Military Cross with a unit of the Frontier Force Rifles during World War II in action in Italy. He ultimately retired as a Lt General in the Indian Army. The other two sons also served in the Indian Army, one in the 5 Gorkha Rifles Brigadier Devendra Singh Katoch, AVSM and the youngest Lt Colonel Rajendra Singh Katoch followed his father into the J&K State forces where he was commissioned into the J&K Bodyguard Cavalry.

</doc>
<doc id="18782878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18782878" title="Imre Szellő">
Imre Szellő

Imre Szellő (July 27, 1983 in Cegléd) is a Hungarian amateur boxer who has qualified for the 2008 Olympics.
Career.
2007 World Amateur Boxing Championships.
At the 2007 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Chicago Szello missed out on a bronze medal after he was defeated by Russia's Artur Beterbiev in the quarter finals, Beterbiev went on to win the silver medal. However Szello qualified for the 2008 Olympics by virtue of getting to the quarter finals.
2007 (in Chicago)

</doc>
<doc id="18782879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18782879" title="Dutch Sam">
Dutch Sam

Samuel Elias (better known as Dutch Sam April 4, 1775 in Petticoat Lane, London – July 3, 1816), was a professional boxing pioneer and was active between the years 1801 and 1814. Known as the hardest hitter of his era, he earned the nickname "The Man with the Iron Hand".
Pro career.
Dutch Sam is known as "the discoverer of the right hand uppercut. In his day it was called an undercut. Dutch Sam created havoc with the new blow until a new way was found to block it." 
Dutch Sam was "feared as the deadliest puncher of the London Prize Ring" 
The foremost prizefight reporter of the period, Pierce Egan, declared that Sam was a fighter unsurpassed for ‘force’ and ‘ponderosity’, and that his ‘blows are truly dreadful to encounter’ ("Bold text"Boxiana, vol. 1). 
Honors.
Dutch Sam was elected into the International Boxing Hall of Fame, "Pioneer" Category.
In popular culture.
Dutch Sam features as a character in "Rodney Stone", a Gothic mystery and boxing novel by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
Personal.
Dutch Sam's son, Young Dutch Sam, was also a boxing pioneer. He grew up in the same town as fellow boxers Jackie "Kid" Berg and Ted Lewis.
References.
David Snowdon, "Writing the Prizefight: Pierce Egan's Boxiana World", (Bern, 2013)

</doc>
<doc id="18782885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18782885" title="Kingsmead School, Wiveliscombe">
Kingsmead School, Wiveliscombe

Kingsmead School (KS) is a coeducational state school in Wiveliscombe, Somerset, England, serving the north-west of Taunton Deane district. It has 789 students , between the ages of 11 and 16 years.
The school was awarded Beacon School status in 1998 which was renewed in 2002. 
In September 2000, Kingsmead gained Language College status. In December 2009 Kingsmead received an Outstanding judgement from Ofsted.
In April 2011, Kingsmead became an Academy.
History.
Kingsmead looks very much like a 1950's cinema for the main block holds that kind of decoration.
The main part of the school (including the hall, gymnasium, canteen, science labs, library, cloakrooms and classrooms) was built during the early 1950s, when a rise in the number of children in post-war Britain (also known as the "baby boom" era) lead to a demand for more schools across the country. The main block was extended at either ends during the 1970s, and during this period a second block (now the Language College) was constructed. A sports hall was built to the rear of the school next to the staff car park during the early 1990s, along with several new offices for senior management near the drama studio. The most recent significant development is the "south block", a million pound construction with 7 new classrooms and an ICT room; opened September 2006. The infrastructure of the school was never designed for nearly 800 pupils, so the school relies on the field to the back of the school during the summer months for pupils at break and lunchtime.
Zambia Fund.
Since 1999 Kingsmead has upheld a partnership with two schools in the Copperbelt region which is situated in Northern Zambia.
First the headteacher from one of the schools in Kitwe came to Somerset and then 8 teachers from Kingsmead went to Zambia. They visited Mukuba Boys School and Helen Kaunda Girls Secondary School.
Each year 12 students are selected to take part in the exchange programme. First the Zambian students come to Kingsmead and then the British students head out to Zambia. Then the following year it is the turn of the teachers. When the British students head over they take crates of educational resources. These are filled with books, pencils, pens, paper and other learning essentials. These are appreciated greatly by the Zambian students. The school has set up the 'Kingsmead International Trust' to help the people of Kitwe in Zambia who are unble to attend school because of AIDS and other problems commonly faced by African people. The trust is a registered charity.
The student exchange programme has been running for over 10 years and is a huge success. The process involves a great deal of hard work in fund-raising - but the both hosting a Zambian student, and then having the opportunity to live with their family in Kitwe proves to be the most rewarding experience!! "It was fantastic, full stop!" - quotes a student just returned from Zambia. "I urge all those contemplating applying for this programme to just go for it - it really is the most fantastic thing i have ever done, and i've grown so much because of it." - The student exchange is now entering its 11th year and the current group held its first fundraiser on Valentine's Day.
Recent projects.
Kingsmead celebrated the opening of its new 'south block' in 2006 which has a designated classroom (in addition to an ICT room) capable of running laptops in the desks. Smart boards are also fitted in every classroom too. The focal point of the building is the ICT classroom, which opens up in the middle right up to the roof of the building, which is fitted with a glass window for extra light. It is believed the main purpose of this space is for ventilation, as the room contains almost 30 computers. Two of the upstairs classrooms in the building have windows looking down on this ICT room, as well as the upper landing and several offices/group rooms. This building was sorely needed by the school as beforehand humanities lessons had to be taught in several port-o-cabins, which were very substandard. 
A "garden project" has been set up by the Alternative Curriculum department of the school in the last year, to transform a previously undeveloped grassed area to the side of the school. This area previously contained only a pond, which has recently been filled in. A competition was run for year 8/9 pupils during the 2008 summer term for a design for this unused land. The best design was chosen and this formed the basis of the new garden which is currently (as of 2009) underway with help from DT GCSE and Alternative Curriculum students. The aim of the project is to create a sustainable green area where waste food products from the food technology department and school canteen can be composted. The area will also be used to grow various vegetables, and as a place that is friendly to nature species that are home to the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18782912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18782912" title="Cho Deok-Jin">
Cho Deok-Jin

Cho Deok-Jin (born February 20, 1983) is a Korean amateur boxer who qualified for the 2008 Olympics at light heavyweight after he was reallocated a place.

</doc>
<doc id="18782946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18782946" title="SS King Orry (1946)">
SS King Orry (1946)

TSS (RMS) "King Orry" (IV) - the fourth vessel in the line's history to be so named - was the lead ship of the "King Orry Class" of passenger ferries and packet ships. More commonly referred to as "the six sisters", they were built for the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company between 1946 & 1955 primarily to replace war-time losses. The company's previous , was one of three company losses during Operation Dynamo - the evacuation of British and French troops from the port of Dunkirk during May 1940.
The name King Orry is the Manx Gaelic name for the Godred Crovan a Norse-Gael ruler of Dublin, and King of Mann and the Isles in the second half of the 11th century.
Construction & dimensions.
"King Orry" was built at Cammell Laird, Birkenhead. The cost of the vessel was £402,095. Length 325 feet; beam 47 feet; depth 18 feet, with a registered tonnage of 2485 GRT. "King Orry" was driven by two sets of Parsons turbines with single reduction gearing producing 8,500 brake horsepower. This gave the vessel a design speed of 21 knots. "King Orry" was certificated to carry 2136 passengers, and had a crew complement of 68.
She had a single funnel, a cruiser stern and two pole masts.
"King Orry" was launched on 22 November 1945, and acquired by Isle of Man Steam Packet Company on 16 April 1946. She made her maiden voyage on 19 April, and completed 29 years service.
Service life.
The "King Orry"-class of six ships were the culmination of war-time experience and pre-war service by Isle of Man Steam Packet Company.
Essentially, the class were a modified design of the 1936 "Twins" - and .
"King Orry" was the first company vessel to adopt the system of prior booking for private cabins, which was considered to be a splendid innovation. Due to a rationalisation of company routes following problems with the berth at Fleetwood, her younger sister was disposed of in 1962.
"King Orry" was considered a reliable and efficient ship, her most note-worthy episode during her service occurred in 1953, when a great storm sank the "Princess Victoria" in the North Channel.
While that tragedy was in progress, "King Orry" was one of the only ships at sea and although late, reached Douglas safely under the command of Captain Bridson.
With the introduction into service of the company's third car ferry, in 1972, time was beginning to catch up with the "King Orry".
"King orry" made her final crossing from Douglas on Saturday, August 30; to the traditional "farwell" from her sister's ship's whistles, at .
On Bank Holiday Monday, August 31, 1975, "King Orry" carried her last passengers from Llandudno to Liverpool.
Disposal.
"King Orry" was bought by R. Taylor and Son of Bury for breaking up, and was taken to Glasson Dock to await her fate. She was berthed alongside for more than two months and there were rumours that she might be resold to Greek interests.
However, during a severe storm on the night of Friday, 2 January 1976, whilst laid-up at Glasson Dock on the lower estuary, "King Orry" broke away from her berth and drifted aground in the Lune Estuary, coming to rest on the mud flats. A great deal of energy was spent trying to re-float her, until she was finally re-floated on April 15, 1976.
Lynch and Son of Rochester, Kent broke her up in 1979.
"King Orry's" name was destined to survive. The breakers were approached by officials from the National Maritime Museum who purchased her starboard turbines, auxiliary machinery, a propeller and one of her three boilers. These were regarded as typical of the machinery used in the 1940s on cross-channel ships. On purchase the items were put into storage at Chatham Dockyard, the intention being to put them on display later at Greenwich. Subsequently this occurred, and further information regarding her machinery arrangement and specifications were supplied by the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company.

</doc>
<doc id="18782958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18782958" title="Patricia Donoho Hughes">
Patricia Donoho Hughes

Patricia Donoho Hughes (August 18, 1930 – January 20, 2010) was a First Lady of Maryland, married to former Maryland Governor Harry Hughes. She was educated at Sorbonne (1949) and Bryn Mawr College (1951) before getting married on June 30, 1951. She later continued her education at the University of Delaware (1966). Mrs. Hughes was a teacher and educator by profession.
While serving as first lady in the 1980s, she worked to restore Government House, the governor's mansion.
Family.
The Hughes family lived in Denton, Maryland, and have two daughters, Ann and Elizabeth.
Death.
Hughes died on January 20, 2010, in Denton, aged 79, after 16 years of battling Parkinson's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="18782985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18782985" title="Agur, Israel">
Agur, Israel

Agur (, "lit." Crane) is a moshav in central Israel. Located near Beit Shemesh, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2011 it had a population of 465.
The village was established in 1950 by Kurdish Jews fleeing northern Iraq and Iran. It is named for the Arab village of Ajjur, which was captured in October 1948 by the Fourth Battalion of the Giv'ati Brigade as part of Operation Yoav. 
Agur winery produces wine from four blends – blanca, rose, kessem, and special reserve. Grapes from each vineyard in the Judean Mountains are fermented separately before being blended.The owner and founder of the winery is Shuki Yashuv.

</doc>
<doc id="18782988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18782988" title="Studénka train accident">
Studénka train accident

The Studénka train accident was a rail accident that happened on August 8, 2008 near Studénka, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic, at approximately 09.30 local time (8.30 GMT).
The EuroCity train EC 108 Comenius was an express train en route from Kraków, Poland to Prague, Czech Republic that struck a part of a motorway bridge that had fallen onto the railroad track near Studénka railway station in the Czech Republic. The train derailed and eight people were killed with 64 others injured.
The crash.
The motorway bridge near Studénka railroad station was undergoing repairs that were to last until September 2008. On August 8 the workers were putting a beam to span between the two supports on the sides of the railroad track. Parts of the beam fell onto the track when the train was 452 meters away, approaching the bridge at around . The driver noticed the iron bridge carcass swaying and immediately engaged the fast brake and escaped from the control cab to the engine room, which is much better protected against impact. This behavior was later recognized by the Czech Railways inspectors as exactly what drivers should do in this kind of situation. It was said that there is a very high probability that this conduct saved his life.
The train struck the obstacle within just a few seconds, by which time the train had slowed to . The locomotive and four carriages derailed after the impact, the carriage coupled directly behind the locomotive sustained the most damage. Six other carriages, among them the restaurant carriage, remained on the track. Three freight vans on another track were also derailed.
At the time of the accident, there were approximately 400 people on board the train, 105 of them of Polish nationality. There was also a group of people travelling to an Iron Maiden concert in Prague.
Rescue operation.
Since the accident happened during the day and there were people present in the proximity of the track, the rescue units were notified about the situation almost instantly. The first rescue unit, which consisted of firefighters stationed in Studénka, arrived at the accident site only seven minutes after the alarm was issued. There were a total of 20 firefighter rescue units (altogether 100 firefighters and 40 firefighter engines) rescuing the passengers. Twenty ambulances together with helicopters transported the injured into all the nearest hospitals in Ostrava, Nový Jičín, Frýdek-Místek, Opava, Bílovec, Olomouc and Valašské Meziříčí. Thanks to cooperation within the Integrated rescue system (Integrovaný záchranný systém), all the injured were in the hospitals within two hours of the accident.
Polish authorities offered help with the rescue operation immediately when notified about the disaster but it was not accepted as not necessary in the circumstances.
Criticism.
Immediately after the accident there was a great public uproar about finding the culprits. First accused was the Czech Railways company for letting trains travel at relatively high speeds in the construction area. However, the Czech Railways spokesman stated that the building company had not notified the Czech Railways about the ongoing reconstruction of the bridge.
The building company "Dopravní stavby Ostrava" was also accused of being responsible for the accident. The spokesman for the company stated that the causes of the falling bridge parts onto the track were being investigated and that all the compulsory notifications to the Czech Railways about the reconstruction of the bridge had definitely been issued.
Aftermath.
Two Czech men, three Czech women and a Polish woman were killed in the crash, while the seventh victim, a young Ukrainian man, died later in hospital. The eighth fatality, a 21 year old Polish woman, died two months after the disaster on September 26.
The cost of the damage was estimated at 136 million CZK (5.6 million Euros, 8.4 million US dollars), according to the Czech Railways Rail Safety Inspection announcement.
The Czech Railways company promised to pay compensation to everyone injured as well as to families of the dead. The amount of money paid would then vary depending on individual circumstances of every case.

</doc>
<doc id="18782991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18782991" title="Thunder Bay/Eldorado Aerodrome">
Thunder Bay/Eldorado Aerodrome

Thunder Bay/Eldorado Aerodrome is an aerodrome located east of Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18782994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18782994" title="Saint-Michel-de-Napierville Aerodrome">
Saint-Michel-de-Napierville Aerodrome

Saint-Michel-de-Napierville Aerodrome is an aerodrome located south of Saint-Michel-de-Napierville, Quebec, Canada

</doc>
<doc id="18783002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783002" title="Mary River Aerodrome">
Mary River Aerodrome

Mary River Aerodrome is an aerodrome located adjacent to Mary River, Nunavut, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18783005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783005" title="Grand Valley/Luther Field Aerodrome">
Grand Valley/Luther Field Aerodrome

Grand Valley/Luther Field Aerodrome is an aerodrome located north northwest of Grand Valley, Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18783007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783007" title="CFS3">
CFS3

CFS3 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18783011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783011" title="Fort Selkirk Aerodrome">
Fort Selkirk Aerodrome

Fort Selkirk Aerodrome is an aerodrome located Fort Selkirk, Yukon, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18783042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783042" title="Ronda Rousey">
Ronda Rousey

Ronda Jean Rousey (born February 1, 1987) is an American mixed martial artist, judoka and actress. She is the first and current UFC Women's Bantamweight Champion, as well as the last Strikeforce Women's Bantamweight Champion. She is undefeated, having won eight of her nine fights by armbar. Rousey became the first American woman to earn an Olympic medal in Judo at the Summer Olympics in Beijing in 2008.
Rousey trains under Gokor Chivichyan of the Hayastan MMA Academy, and Edmond Tarverdyan of the Glendale Fighting Club. She formerly trained at the Olympic Training Center in Wakefield, Massachusetts, under guidance of Jimmy Pedro and is now part of Team Hayastan in Santa Monica, California. Rousey also trains with Romanian Leo Frîncu and Gene Lebell, along with Team Hayastan fighters such as Manny Gamburyan, Karen Darabedyan, Karo Parisyan and Sako Chivitchian. She is managed by Darin Harvey of Fight Tribe MMA. In July 2012, Rousey enlisted former undefeated boxing and kickboxing champion Lucia Rijker as striking coach.
Rousey is the consensus #1 pound-for-pound female MMA fighter in the world, according to MMARising, MMAWeekly, and other publications. She is ranked #1 at 135 pounds according to the Unified Women's MMA Rankings. As of January 27, 2014, she is the #9 pound-for-pound fighter in the UFC.
Rousey will star in the films "The Expendables 3" and "Fast & Furious 7", which will mark her first feature film roles.
Early life.
Rousey was born in Riverside County, California. She is the daughter of Ron Rousey and AnnMaria De Mars ( Waddell). Her mother had a decorated Judo career and was the first American to win a World Judo Championship with her victory in 1984. Rousey's maternal grandfather was Venezuelan, and was of part Afro-Venezuelan ancestry. Her other ancestry includes English and Polish. Her step-father is an aerospace engineer.
Rousey was raised in Jamestown, North Dakota. She retired from her judo career at 21, and began her MMA career at 22 because she realized she did not want to work in a conventional field of work for the rest of her life.
Fighting career.
Olympic judo career.
At 17, Rousey qualified for the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens, becoming the youngest judoka in the entire Games. Also in 2004, Rousey won a gold medal at the 2004 World Junior Judo Championships in Budapest, Hungary.
In April 2006, she became the first female U.S. judoka in nearly 10 years to win an A-Level tournament as she went 5-0 to claim gold at the Birmingham World Cup in Great Britain. Later that year, the 19-year-old won the bronze medal at the Junior World Championships, becoming the first U.S. athlete ever to win two Junior World medals.
In February 2007, Rousey moved up to 70 kg where she is currently ranked as one of the top three women in the world. She won the silver medal at the 2007 World Judo Championships in the middleweight division and the gold medal at the 2007 Pan American Games.
In August 2008, Rousey competed at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, China. She lost her quarterfinal to the Dutch ex-world champion Edith Bosch but qualified for a Bronze medal match through the repechage bracket. Rousey defeated Annett Boehm by Yuko to win a bronze medal (note: Judo offers two bronze medals per weight class). With the victory, Rousey became the first American to win an Olympic medal in women's judo since its inception as an Olympic sport in 1992.
Mixed martial arts career.
Rousey made her mixed martial arts debut as an amateur on August 6, 2010. She defeated Hayden Munoz by submission due to an armbar in 23 seconds.
She entered the quarterfinals of the Tuff-N-Uff 145 lbs women's tournament on November 12, 2010 and submitted promotional veteran Autumn Richardson with an armbar in 57 seconds.
Rousey faced Taylor Stratford in the Tuff-N-Uff tournament semi-finals on January 7, 2011 and won by technical submission due to an armbar in 24 seconds. She then announced plans to turn pro and was replaced in the tournament.
Rousey made her professional mixed martial arts debut on March 27, 2011 at King of the Cage: Turning Point. She submitted Ediane Gomes with an armbar in 25 seconds.
Rousey faced kickboxing champion Charmaine Tweet in an MMA bout at Hard Knocks Fighting Championship: School of Hard Knocks 12 on June 17, 2011 in Calgary, Canada. She submitted Tweet with an armbar in 49 seconds. Rousey has a 3-0 amateur winning record in amateur MMA competition, all fights combined were under 2 minutes.
In 2013, Rousey's status as a top MMA fighter led to multiple commercial partnerships. In April, she was featured in a 30-second commercial for American mobile network operator MetroPCS. In June, she performed as the insureon Protector in a two-minute spot for small-business insurance agency insureon.
Verbal attacks.
Rousey is notable for introducing trash talking to Women's MMA. In many interviews Rousey has used harsh language and openly downplayed the abilities of her opponents, which she explains as a way to generate more publicity for the sport.
Strikeforce.
Rousey was scheduled to make her Strikeforce debut against Sarah D'Alelio on July 30, 2011 at in Hoffman Estates, Illinois. The fight was pushed back and eventually took place on the Strikeforce Challengers 18 main card on August 12, 2011 in Las Vegas, Nevada. Rousey defeated D'Alelio by technical submission due to an armbar early in the first round. The victory was controversial as referee Steve Mazzagatti only stopped the fight because D’Alelio appeared to make a brief sound. According to instructions given to fighters before they compete, this is typically deemed to be a verbal submission. Mazzagatti initially did nothing, but after Rousey looked at him and stated that D’Alelio had submitted, he stopped the fight. D'Alelio admitted after the fight that she let out a verbal indication of pain.
Rousey faced Julia Budd at Strikeforce Challengers 20 on November 18, 2011 in Las Vegas. She won via submission due to an armbar in the first round, dislocating Budd's elbow in the process. Following the fight, she announced plans to move down to 135 pounds to challenge Miesha Tate, the Strikeforce Women's Bantamweight Champion at the time, with whom she had developed a much-publicized rivalry.
Women's Bantamweight Championship.
Rousey challenged Tate for her Strikeforce title on March 3, 2012 in Columbus, Ohio. She defeated Tate by submission due to an armbar in the first round, again dislocating her opponent's elbow, to become the new Strikeforce Women's Bantamweight Champion.
Rousey appeared in "All Access: Ronda Rousey" on Showtime. The half-hour special debuted on August 8, 2012. UFC President Dana White revealed during the programme that "In the next 10 years, if there's a woman in the octagon, it's probably going to be Ronda Rousey." The second installment of the special aired on August 15, 2012. Ronda also appeared on Conan.
Rousey defended her Strikeforce title against Sarah Kaufman at on August 18, 2012 in San Diego, California. Rousey said that she would throw Kaufman's arm at her corner after ripping it off with an armbar, and threatened to choke or pound Kaufman's face to death. During the fight, Rousey would quickly take down Kaufman and submit her with an armbar in just 54 seconds to retain the Strikeforce Women's Bantamweight Championship. After the fight, Rousey announced that if former Strikeforce Women's Featherweight Champion Cristiane "Cyborg" Santos wanted to fight her, it would have to take place at bantamweight.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
In November 2012, the Ultimate Fighting Championship announced that Rousey had become the first female fighter to sign with the UFC.
UFC President Dana White officially announced at the pre-fight press conference that Rousey was the first UFC Women's Bantamweight Champion.
Rousey defended her title against Liz Carmouche on February 23, 2013 at UFC 157. Despite being caught in an early standing face crank attempt from Carmouche, Rousey got out of it and successfully defended her Bantamweight Championship title, winning the fight at 4:49 into the first round by submission due to an armbar.
After Cat Zingano defeated Miesha Tate at , Dana White announced that Zingano would be a coach of against Rousey.
On May 28, it was announced that Zingano would not be a coach and opponent for Rousey after Zingano suffered a knee injury earlier that same month which would require surgery; therefore, Miesha Tate instead would coach on The Ultimate Fighter 18 against Rousey.
Rousey faced Miesha Tate, in a rematch from Strikeforce, at UFC 168 on December 28, 2013. After going past the first two rounds, with Tate surviving an armbar attempt and a triangle attempt, Rousey finally submitted Tate via armbar in the third round to retain her Bantamweight Championship.
It was announced at the UFC 168 post-fight press conference that Rousey would defend the UFC Women's Bantamweight Championship against fellow Olympic medalist and undefeated fighter, Sara McMann in the main event at UFC 170 on February 22, 2014. Rousey won the fight by TKO after knocking down McMann with a knee to the body. This marked Rousey's first career win to not end by way of armbar.
Fighting style and methods.
Explaining about her signature armbar, Rousey said that her judoka mother jumped on her every morning to wake her up with armbars.
Modeling and film.
Rousey appeared nude on the cover "ESPN The Magazine"'s 2012 Body Issue and in a pictorial therein. Touching upon the strategic cropping, poses and arm placement used in the photos to make them less revealing, Rousey explained, "With all these ring girls and their vaginas – all of this goes back to advice my mom gave me. She gave me this one piece of advice, which I still hold dear. She said, 'Look, whatever pictures you put out there are gonna be out there forever, so just think that one day your 12 or 13-year-old son or daughter is going to see those pictures. Whatever you want your son or daughter, or even your 13-year-old little sister to see, keep that in mind.' So, whatever I’m not gonna show on a beach, I'm not gonna show in a magazine. These girls are going to have to explain to their kids one day why mommy's ass and vagina are all over the place." Her rival Miesha Tate criticized Rousey's comments as "hypocritical", arguing that Rousey's comments about ring girls constituted a double standard. In July 2012, Rousey also criticized the employment of Kim Kardashian as a spokesperson, saying, "I don't want some girl whose entire fame is based on in a sex video to be selling Skechers to my 13-year-old little sister." That same month, she also criticized fellow Olympian Michael Phelps, for not congregating with the other American athletes during the 2008 Summer Olympics and during an appearance on "The Oprah Winfrey Show".
In May 2013, Rousey was ranked 29 on the Maxim Hot 100. She also appeared on the cover and in a pictorial of the September 2013 issue.
On July 23, 2013, Sylvester Stallone announced via his official Twitter account that Rousey will star in "The Expendables 3", marking her first role in a major motion picture. On August 9, Dwayne Johnson announced that Rousey would appear in "Fast & Furious 7".
Personal life.
Rousey was formerly a vegan but describes her current diet as, "kind of a mix between a Paleo and a Warrior diet." 
She originally opposed using the nickname her friends gave her, "Rowdy", feeling it would be disrespectful to pro wrestler "Rowdy" Roddy Piper. After meeting him through Gene LeBell (who helped train both), Piper personally gave his approval.

</doc>
<doc id="18783044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783044" title="Petite Rivière">
Petite Rivière

Petite Rivière is a river in Nova Scotia, Canada located entirely within Lunenburg County. It is fed by numerous lakes and a portion of the watershed is the drinking water supply for the Town of Bridgewater. 
Three of the lakes on Petite Rivière (Hebb, Millipisigate and Minamkeak) are the only known habitat of the Atlantic Whitefish. Through damming of the lakes, some of the water that once fed the Medway River now flows through the Petite Rivière system. There was a water aerodrome at Fancy Lake.
Samuel de Champlain is said to have given the river its name after landing near the mouth during the early 17th century. The river lends its name to the small community of Petite Riviere Bridge, commonly called by the local residents "Petite Riviere" or simply "Petite".

</doc>
<doc id="18783047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783047" title="Admiral Turner">
Admiral Turner

Admiral Turner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18783048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783048" title="Nuclear Secrets">
Nuclear Secrets

Nuclear Secrets, aka Spies, Lies and the Superbomb, is a 2007 BBC Television docudrama series which looks at the race for nuclear supremacy from the Manhattan Project through to the Pakistani nuclear weapons.
Production.
The series was produced by the BBC in co-production with National Geographic and NDR.
Episodes.
Episode one: "The Spy From Moscow".
In 1960 Soviet Military Intelligence Officer Oleg Penkovsky passes a letter offering to share secrets with the U.S. Government to American students visiting Moscow, but Washington fails to respond.
Penkovsky later passes a letter to British Trade Delegation representative Greville Wynne warning that Soviet premier Nikita Khrushchev was planning an all-out nuclear attack. Penkovsky meets with MI6 officer Harry Shergold and Central Intelligence Agency agent Joe Bulik a short time later on a trip to London and warns that the Soviets have been arming Cuba. Penkovsky is instructed to gather info on missile strategy and is given British industrial secrets to help maintain his cover upon his return to Moscow.
Chief Marshall Sergei Varentsov tells Penkovsky of plans to deploy battlefield nuclear weapons in Berlin. Penkovsky passes this along with other secrets that hardens U.S. President John F. Kennedy's stance against Khrushchev. KGB Lt-Gen Gribanov begins a surveillance sweep of Western embassy staff in Moscow including Penkovsky's contact Janet Chisholm. Wynne returns to Moscow to make contact and Penkovsky requests that he and his family are pulled out. CIA Chief John McCone agrees but needs info on Cuba first.
Penkovsky learns of the deployment of Soviet nuclear missiles in Cuba but he is hospitalised before he can pass on the info. US surveillance photos reveal the build-up of missiles in Cuba that are identified from the materials previously supplied by Penkovsky. Penkovsky is arrested and confesses to Gribanov before signalling the Americans of an imminent Soviet attack in what Bulik suspects is an attempt to initiate a U.S. strike on Moscow. Penkovsky is convicted of spying and executed.
Episode two: "Superspy".
In 1944 Prof. Rudolf Peierls and his assistant Klaus Fuchs are summoned to Los Alamos to work on the Manhattan Project. Fuchs was a German refugee who had joined the Communist Party of Germany in 1932 to oppose the rise of Adolf Hitler and was now a Soviet spy.
Project mastermind Robert Oppenheimer only had enough uranium 235 for one bomb and Peierls and Fuchs were brought in to work on weaponising plutonium. Cut off from his Soviet handlers Fuchs throws himself into his work until he is allowed to visit his sister, Kristel, in Cambridge, Massachusetts where he re-establishes contact. The Soviet head of atomic research Igor Kurchatov monitors the American progress through Fuchs. Following Nazi surrender Fuchs fears the weapon will be used against the USSR.
Fuchs passes the details of the plutonium bomb, Fatman, to his Soviet contact, Raymond. The project's tests are successful and the uranium bomb, Little Boy, is dropped on Hiroshima while Piles and Fuchs's Fatman is dropped on Nagasaki. In the aftermath Soviet premier Joseph Stalin orders Lavrentiy Beria to construct a Soviet plutonium bomb based on the Fatman plans supplied by Fuchs. Recalled to England, his adopted home, Fuchs returns with the nuclear secrets the U.S. is no longer willing to share. Fuchs passes the American secrets to the British as well.
Fuchs begins to doubt Stalin's actions and decides to stop spying for Soviets, but it is too late as the Soviet Union detonates Joe 1. FBI agent Robert Lamphere identifies Fuchs from decoded Soviet signals and MI5 commence surveillance. British security officer Henry Arnold coaxes a confession out of Fuchs who admits to having spied for the Soviets since 1941. Fuchs was convicted of espionage and sentenced to 14 years in prison.
Episode three: "Superbomb".
In 1950, Edward Teller briefs the team at Los Alamos about plans to construct a hydrogen bomb but U.S. Presidential Advisor Robert Oppenheimer opposes him. Oppenheimer is summoned to the White House to discuss whether Soviet spy Klaus Fuchs passed on info about the "Super". Soviet Chairman Stalin instructs Andrei Sakharov to work under Beria on the Soviet hydrogen bomb project. U.S. Atomic Energy Commissioner Lewis Strauss supports Teller and U.S. President Harry S. Truman commissions the project.
Kitty Oppenheimer fears her communist connections may compromise her husband and his moral objections to the project. Sakharov reviews Fuchs' info on Teller's "Super" but has his own plans for a simpler but less powerful bomb. Federal Bureau of Investigation agent Robert Lamphere gets Fuchs to confirm his contact was Harry Gold and this leads to the arrest of the Rosenbergs. Teller and Stanislaw Ulam find an ingenious solution to the problems with their design, which is successfully tested following Teller's resignation from the project.
A power struggle in the USSR following the death of Stalin results in the downfall of Beria shortly before the testing of the Soviet H-bomb. Strauss orders the FBI to revoke Oppenheimer's security clearance under suspicion of spying for the Soviets. When U.S. testing runs out of control the American public are alerted to the power of this new weapon. Teller testifies against Oppenheimer at a security hearing and Strauss's objections are upheld. Sakharov becomes a leading dissident after civilians are killed in a Soviet bomb test.
Episode four: "Vanunu and the Bomb".
February 1977 Nuclear Technician Mordechai Vanunu is assigned to work at the top secret Dimona facility. In 1986 he reveals to journalists Oscar Guerrero and Peter Hounam the presence of an underground plutonium plant there. Former Israeli Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion had commissioned construction of the plant in 1958. Vanunu had made the discovery after 7-years at the plant and had photos to prove his story. Hounam takes Vanunu to "The Sunday Times" in London, where Nuclear Physicist Frank Barnaby confirms the data, but Mossad is tailing them.
Guerrero arrives in London and tries to sell the story to rival paper "The Sunday Mirror". France, Britain and the U.S. had been complicit in the construction under a secret agreement between U.S. President Richard Nixon and Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir. The lonely Vanunu befriends intern Wendy Robbins but she insists that they remain just friends. The discredited story in the Mirror causes the Times to delay their publication. Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Perez forbids Mossad from kidnapping Vanunu on British soil so they spring a honey trap to lure him to Rome.
In Italy Vanunu is abducted and shipped back to Israel but the Times decides to publish in the hopes of protecting his life. The Western powers that had professed a stance of non-nuclear proliferation while collaborating in the construction of Dimona were exposed as hypocrites and yet the press in those countries remained curiously silent on the subject. The Israelis confirm that they have Vanunu in detention but refuses to explain how. Convicted of treason Vanunu was sentenced to 18 years in prison.
Episode five: "The Terror Trader".
Pakistani scientist A.Q. Khan started working for URENCO in The Netherlands in 1972. working for the Pakistani Government, Khan gained access to technology due to lax security methods. Returning to Pakistan with his family in 1975.
Khan's Muslim family had fled to Pakistan in 1971 following defeat in the Indo-Pakistan War and Khan had become a fierce nationalist. Pakistani President Bhutto supports Khan and he builds a nuclear plant in the foothills of the Himalayas. Dutch enquiries in the 1980s finally reveal Khan's but he gets off on a technicality. The U.S. overlooks Khan's program in order to gain Pakistani support against the USSR in Afghanistan. Khan acquires missile technology from China and extends his network into the Middle East.
UN Weapons Inspectors in Iraq uncover documents implicating Khan in nuclear trading but the West fails to act. Khan continues his trade amassing a huge personal fortune and becomes a hero following the detonation of Pakistan's first bomb. A joint CIA/MI6 task force uncovers Khan's dealings with Libya but are unable to move as Pakistani support is again needed in the post-9/11 Invasion of Afghanistan. UN Weapons Inspectors in Iran uncover further evidence implicating Khan, which the Iranians confirm.
The task force targets Khan's network with a double agent and intercept a shipment of centrifuges to Libya. Muammar al-Gaddafi agrees to cooperate with UN Weapons Inspectors and the full extent of Khan's capabilities are revealed. Khan's deputy Tehir is arrested and interrogated in Malaysia and confesses. Pakistani authorities deny any knowledge of Khan's network and he is arrested and forced to confess on live television. Khan remains under house arrest in Pakistan where his secrets are protected.

</doc>
<doc id="18783051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783051" title="Quaternary extinction event">
Quaternary extinction event

The Quaternary period saw the extinctions of numerous predominantly larger, especially megafaunal, species, many of which occurred during the transition from the Pleistocene to the Holocene epoch. However, the extinction wave did not stop at the end of the Pleistocene, but continued, especially on isolated islands, in Holocene extinctions. Among the main causes hypothesized by paleontologists are natural climate change and overkill by humans, who appeared during the Middle Pleistocene and migrated to many regions of the world during the Late Pleistocene and Holocene. A variant of the latter possibility is the second-order predation hypothesis, which focuses more on the indirect damage caused by overcompetition with nonhuman predators. The spread of disease is also discussed as a possible reason.
The Pleistocene or Ice Age extinction event.
The Late Pleistocene extinction event saw the extinction of many mammals weighing more than 40 kg.
The extinctions in the Americas entailed the elimination of all the larger (over 100 kg) mammalian species of South American origin, including those that had migrated north in the Great American Interchange. Only in North America, South America, and Australia, did the extinction occur at family taxonomic levels or higher.
There are three main hypotheses concerning the Pleistocene extinction:
There are some inconsistencies between the current available data and the prehistoric overkill hypothesis. For instance, there are ambiguities around the timing of sudden extinctions of Australian megafauna. Biologists note that comparable extinctions have not occurred in Africa and South or Southeast Asia, where the fauna evolved with hominids. Post-glacial megafaunal extinctions in Africa have been spaced over a longer interval.
Evidence supporting the prehistoric overkill hypothesis includes the persistence of certain island megafauna for several millennia past the disappearance of their continental cousins. Ground sloths survived on the Antilles long after North and South American ground sloths were extinct. The later disappearance of the island species correlates with the later colonization of these islands by humans. Similarly, dwarf woolly mammoths died out on remote Wrangel Island 1,000 years after their extinction on the mainland. Steller's sea cows also persisted in seas off the isolated and uninhabited Commander Islands for thousands of years after they had vanished from the continental shores of the north Pacific.
Alternative hypotheses to the theory of human responsibility include climate change associated with the last glacial period and the Younger Dryas event, as well as Tollmann's hypothetical bolide, which claim that the extinctions resulted from bolide impact(s). Such a scenario has been proposed as a contributing cause of the 1,300 year cold period known as the Younger Dryas stadial. This impact extinction hypothesis is still in debate due to the exacting field techniques required to extract minuscule particles of extra terrestrial impact markers such as Iridium at a high resolution from very thin strata in a repeatable fashion, as is necessary to conclusively distinguish the event peak from the local background level of the marker. The debate seems to be exacerbated by infighting between the Uniformitarianism camp and the Catastrophism camp.
Africa and Asia.
The Old World tropics have been relatively spared by Pleistocene extinctions. Africa and Asia are the only regions that have terrestrial mammals weighing over 1000 kg today.
However, during the early, middle and late Pleistocene some large animal forms disappeared from these regions without being replaced by comparable successor species. Climate change has been cited as most likely causing the extinctions in Southeast Asia.
Large animals which disappeared in Africa or Asia during the Early and Middle and Late Pleistocene include:
Large animals, which disappeared in parts of Africa and Asia during the Late Pleistocene:
Australia and New Guinea.
The sudden spate of extinctions occurred earlier than in the Americas. Most evidence points to the period immediately after the first arrival of humans—thought to be a little under 50,000 years ago—but scientific argument continues as to the exact date range. The Australian extinctions included:
Some extinct megafauna, such as the bunyip-like "Diprotodon", may be the sources of ancient cryptozoological legends.
North America.
During the last 60,000 years, including the end of the last glacial period, approximately 33 genera of large mammals have become extinct in North America. Of these, 15 genera extinctions can be reliably attributed to a brief interval of 11,500 to 10,000 radiocarbon years before present, shortly following the arrival of the Clovis people in North America. Most other extinctions are poorly constrained in time, though some definitely occurred outside of this narrow interval. In contrast, only about half a dozen small mammals disappeared during this time. Previous North American extinction pulses had occurred at the end of glaciations, but not with such an ecological imbalance between large mammals and small ones. (Moreover, previous extinction pulses were not comparable to the Quaternary extinction event; they involved primarily species replacements within ecological niches, while the latter event resulted in many ecological niches being left unoccupied.) The megafaunal extinctions include twelve genera of edible herbivores (H), and five large, dangerous carnivores (C). North American extinctions included:
The survivors are in some ways as significant as the losses: bison (H), moose (H) (a late Pleistocene immigrant through Beringia), elk (H), grey wolf (C), caribou (H), grizzly bear (C), American black bear (C), deer (H), pronghorn (H), muskox (H), bighorn sheep (H), and mountain goat (H). All save the pronghorns descended from Asian ancestors that had evolved with human predators. Pronghorns are the second fastest land mammal (after the cheetah), which may have helped them elude hunters. More difficult to explain in the context of overkill is the survival of bison, since these animals first appeared in North America less than 240,000 years ago and so were geographically removed from human predators for a sizeable period of time. Because ancient bison evolved into living bison, there was no continent-wide extinction of bison at the end of the Pleistocene (although the genus was regionally extirpated in many areas). The survival of bison into the Holocene and recent times is therefore inconsistent with the overkill scenario. By the end of the Pleistocene, when humans first entered North America, these large animals had been geographically separated from human hunters for more than 200,000 years. Given this enormous span of geologic time, bison would almost certainly have been very nearly as naive as native North American large mammals.
The culture that has been connected with the wave of extinctions in North America is the paleo-Indian culture associated with the Clovis people ("q.v."), who were thought to use spear throwers to kill large animals. The chief criticism of the "prehistoric overkill hypothesis" has been that the human population at the time was too small and/or not sufficiently widespread geographically to have been capable of such ecologically significant impacts. This criticism does not mean that climate change scenarios explaining the extinction are automatically to be preferred by default, however, any more than weaknesses in climate change arguments can be taken as supporting overkill. Some form of a combination of both factors could be plausible, and overkill would be a lot easier to achieve large-scale extinction with an already dying population due to climate change.
Lack of tameable megafauna was perhaps one of the reasons why Amerindian civilizations evolved differently than Old World ones. Critics have disputed this by arguing that llamas, alpacas, and bison were domesticated.
South America.
South America had been isolated, an island continent, for many millions of years, and it had a wide range of mammals found nowhere else, though many of them became extinct during the Great American Interchange about 3 million years ago. Those that survived the interchange included the Ground sloths, Glyptodonts, Pampatheres, and Notoungulates; and of these all but the Notoungulates extended their range to North America. In the Pleistocene, South America remained largely unglaciated except for increased mountain glaciation in the Andes, and the megafauna were little affected. At the start of the Holocene, the megafauna all became extinct. Their smaller relatives remain, including Anteaters, tree sloths, armadillos; New World Marsupials: Opossums, Shrew opossums, and the Monito del Monte (actually more related to Australian marsupials). Today the largest land mammals remaining in South America are the wild camels of the Lamini group: Guanacos and Vicuñas and their domestic counterparts Llamas and Alpacas. Other notable surviving large fauna are tapirs, rheas, Jaguars, Boa Constrictors, Anacondas, Caymans, and giant rodents like Capybaras.
Later extinctions.
New Zealand.
c. AD 1500, several species became extinct after Polynesian settlers arrived, including:
Pacific, including Hawaii.
Recent research, based on archaeological and paleontological digs on 70 different islands, has shown that numerous species became extinct as people moved across the Pacific, starting 30,000 years ago in the Bismarck Archipelago and Solomon Islands (Steadman & Martin 2003). It is currently estimated that among the bird species of the Pacific some 2000 species have gone extinct since the arrival of humans (Steadman 1995). Among the extinctions were:
Madagascar.
Starting with the arrival of humans c. 2,000 years ago, nearly all of the island's megafauna became extinct, including:
Indian Ocean Islands.
Starting c. 500 years ago, a number of species became extinct upon human settlement of the islands, including:
Hunting hypothesis.
The hunting hypothesis suggests that humans hunted megaherbivores to extinction. As a result, carnivores and scavengers that depended upon those animals became extinct from lack of prey. Therefore this hypothesis holds Pleistocene humans responsible for the megafaunal extinction. One variant, often referred to as "blitzkrieg", portrays humans as hunting the megafauna to extinction within a relatively short period of time. Some of the direct evidence for this includes: fossils of some megafauna found in conjunction with human remains, embedded arrows and tool cut marks found in megafaunal bones, and European cave paintings that depict such hunting. Biogeographical evidence is also suggestive; the areas of the world where humans evolved currently have more of their Pleistocene megafaunal diversity (the elephants and rhinos of Asia and Africa) compared to other areas such as Australia, the Americas, Madagascar and New Zealand, areas where early humans were non-existent. In addition, where animals have not been hunted for several years they become naive. Based on this evidence, a picture arises of the megafauna of Asia and Africa evolving "with" humans, learning to be wary of them, and in other parts of the world the wildlife appearing ecologically naive and easier to hunt. This is particularly true of island fauna, which display a dangerous lack of fear of humans. Of course, it is impossible to demonstrate that continental mammals were possessed of a similar naïveté.
Circumstantially, the close correlation in time between the appearance of humans in an area and extinction there provides weight for this scenario. For example, the woolly mammoth survived on islands despite changing climatic conditions for thousands of years after the end of the last glaciation, but they died out when humans arrived around 1700 BC. The megafaunal extinctions covered a vast period of time and highly variable climatic situations. The earliest extinctions in Australia were complete approximately 50,000 BP, well before the last glacial maximum and before rises in temperature. The most recent extinction in New Zealand was complete no earlier than 500 BP and during a period of cooling. In between these extremes megafaunal extinctions have occurred progressively in such places as North America, South America and Madagascar with no climatic commonality. The only common factor that can be ascertained is the arrival of humans.
Even within regions, this phenomenon appears to be true. The mammal extinction wave in Australia about 50,000 years ago coincides not with known climatic changes, but with the arrival of humans. In addition, large mammal species like the giant kangaroo "Protemnodon" appear to have survived in Tasmania longer than on the Australian mainland. Tasmania was colonised by humans a few thousand years after mainland Australia, which argues for the hunting hypothesis.
World wide extinctions seem to follow the migration of humans and to be most severe where humans arrived most recently and least severe where humans were originally—Africa (see figure at left). This suggests that in Africa, where humans evolved, prey animals and human hunting ability evolved together, so the animals evolved avoidance techniques. As humans migrated throughout the world and became more and more proficient at hunting, they encountered animals that had evolved without the presence of humans. Lacking the fear of humans that African animals had developed, animals outside of Africa were easy prey for human hunting techniques. It also suggests that this is independent of climate change (see figure at left).
Extinction through human hunting has been supported by archaeological finds of mammoths with projectile points embedded in their skeletons, by observations of modern naïve animals allowing hunters to approach easily and by computer models by Mosimann and Martin, and Whittington and Dyke, and most recently by Alroy.
Overkill hypothesis.
The overkill hypothesis, a variant of the hunting hypothesis, was proposed 40 years ago by Paul S. Martin, Professor of Geosciences Emeritus at the Desert Laboratory of the University of Arizona. It sparked debate which continues today. It explains why the megafaunal extinctions occurred within a relatively short period of time. The most convincing evidence of his theory is that 80% of the North American large mammal species disappeared within 1000 years of the arrival of humans in the Americas.
Arguments regarding the hunting hypothesis.
The major objections to the theory are as follows:
Climate change hypothesis.
At the end of the 19th and beginning of the 20th centuries, when scientists first realized that there had been glacial and interglacial ages, and that they were somehow associated with the prevalence or disappearance of certain animals, they surmised that the termination of the Pleistocene ice age might be an explanation for the extinctions.
Critics object that since there were multiple glacial advances and withdrawals in the evolutionary history of many of the megafauna, it is rather implausible that only after the last glacial would there be such extinctions. However, this criticism is rejected by a recent study indicating that terminal Pleistocene megafaunal community composition may have differed markedly from faunas present during earlier interglacials, particularly with respect to the great abundance and geographic extent of Pleistocene "Bison" at the end of the epoch. This suggests that the survival of megafaunal populations during earlier interglacials is essentially irrelevant to the terminal Pleistocene extinction event, because bison were not present in similar abundance during any of the earlier interglacials.
Some evidence weighs against climate change as a valid hypothesis as applied to Australia. It has been shown that the prevailing climate at the time of extinction (40,000–50,000 BP) was similar to that of today, and that the extinct animals were strongly adapted to an arid climate. The evidence indicates that all of the extinctions took place in the same short time period, which was the time when humans entered the landscape. The main mechanism for extinction was probably fire (started by humans) in a then much less fire-adapted landscape. Isotopic evidence shows sudden changes in the diet of surviving species, which could correspond to the stress they experienced before extinction.
Some evidence obtained from analysis of the tusks of mastodons from the American Great Lakes region appears inconsistent with the climate change hypothesis. Over a span of several thousand years prior to their extinction in the area, the mastodons show a trend of declining age at maturation. This is the opposite of what one would expect if they were experiencing stresses from deteriorating environmental conditions, but is consistent with a reduction in intraspecific competition that would result from a population being reduced by human hunting.
Increased temperature.
The most obvious change associated with the termination of an ice age is the increase in temperature. Between 15,000 BP and 10,000 BP, a 6°C increase in global mean annual temperatures occurred. This was generally thought to be the cause of the extinctions.
According to this hypothesis, a temperature increase sufficient to melt the Wisconsin ice sheet could have placed enough thermal stress on cold-adapted mammals to cause them to die. Their heavy fur, which helps conserve body heat in the glacial cold, might have prevented the dumping of excess heat, causing the mammals to die of heat exhaustion. Large mammals, with their reduced surface area-to-volume ratio, would have fared worse than small mammals.
Arguments against the temperature hypothesis.
More recent research has demonstrated that the annual mean temperature of the current interglacial that we have seen for the last 10,000 years is no higher than that of previous interglacials, yet some of the same large mammals survived similar temperature increases. Therefore warmer temperatures alone may not be a sufficient explanation.
In addition, numerous species such as mammoths on Wrangel Island and St. Paul Island survived in human-free refugia despite changes in climate. This would not be expected if climate change were responsible. Under normal ecological assumptions island populations should be more vulnerable to extinction due to climate change because of small populations and an inability to migrate to more favorable climes.
Increased continentality affects vegetation in time or space.
Other scientists have proposed that increasingly extreme weather—hotter summers and colder winters—referred to as "continentality", or related changes in rainfall caused the extinctions. The various hypotheses are outlined below.
Vegetation changes: geographic.
It has been shown that vegetation changed from mixed woodland-parkland to separate prairie and woodland. This may have affected the kinds of food available. If so, herbivores might not have found the plants with which they had evolved and thus would have fallen prey to the anti-herbivory toxins in the plants that remained available. Shorter growing seasons may have caused the extinction of large herbivores and the dwarfing of many others. In this case, as observed, bison and other large ruminants would have fared better than horses, elephants and other monogastrics, because ruminants are able to extract more nutrition from limited quantities of high-fiber food and better able to deal with anti-herbivory toxins. So, in general, when vegetation becomes more specialized, herbivores with less diet flexibility may be less able to find the mix of vegetation they need to sustain life and reproduce, within a given area.
Rainfall changes: time.
Increased continentality resulted in reduced and less predictable rainfall limiting the availability of plants necessary for energy and nutrition. Axelrod and Slaughter have suggested that this change in rainfall restricted the amount of time favorable for reproduction. This could disproportionately harm large animals, since they have longer, more inflexible mating periods, and so may have produced young at unfavorable seasons (i.e., when sufficient food, water, or shelter was unavailable because of shifts in the growing season). In contrast, small mammals, with their shorter life cycles, shorter reproductive cycles, and shorter gestation periods, could have adjusted to the increased unpredictability of the climate, both as individuals and as species which allowed them to synchronize their reproductive efforts with conditions favorable for offspring survival. If so, smaller mammals would have lost fewer offspring and would have been better able to repeat the reproductive effort when circumstances once more favored offspring survival.
Arguments against the continentality hypotheses.
Critics have identified a number of problems with the continentality hypotheses.
The extinction of the megafauna could have caused the disappearance of the mammoth steppe. Alaska now has low nutrient soil unable to support bison, mammoths, and horses. R. Dale Guthrie has claimed this as a cause of the extinction of the megafauna there; however, he may be interpreting it backwards. The loss of large herbivores to break up the permafrost allows the cold soils that are unable to support large herbivores today. Today, in the arctic, where trucks have broken the permafrost grasses and diverse flora and fauna can be supported. In addition, Chapin (Chapin 1980) showed that simply adding fertilizer to the soil in Alaska could make grasses grow again like they did in the era of the mammoth steppe. Possibly, the extinction of the megafauna and the corresponding loss of dung is what led to low nutrient levels in modern day soil and therefore is why the landscape can no longer support megafauna.
Arguments against both climate change and overkill.
Detractors have asserted that neither the overkill nor climate change hypotheses can explain several observations. Among these are the observation that browsers, mixed feeders and non-ruminant grazer species suffered most, while ruminant grazers generally survive However a broader variation of the overkill hypothesis may predict this, because changes in vegetation wrought by anthropogenic fire preferentially selects against browse species. Because of perceived shortcomings of the overkill or climate change hypotheses alone, some scientists support a combination of climate change and overkill.
Hyperdisease hypothesis.
Theory.
The Hyperdisease Hypothesis attributes the extinction of large mammals during the late Pleistocene to indirect effects of the newly arrived aboriginal humans.
The Hyperdisease Hypothesis proposes that humans or animals traveling with them (e.g., chickens or domestic dogs) introduced one or more highly virulent diseases into vulnerable populations of native mammals, eventually causing extinctions. The extinction was biased toward larger-sized species because smaller species have greater resilience because of their life history traits (e.g., shorter gestation time, greater population sizes, etc.). Humans are thought to be the cause because other earlier immigrations of mammals into North America from Eurasia did not cause extinctions.
Diseases imported by people have been responsible for extinctions in the recent past; for example, bringing avian malaria to Hawaii has had a major impact on the isolated birds of the island.
If a disease was indeed responsible for the end-Pleistocene extinctions, then there are several criteria it must satisfy (see Table 7.3 in MacPhee & Marx 1997). First, the pathogen must have a stable carrier state in a reservoir species. That is, it must be able to sustain itself in the environment when there are no susceptible hosts available to infect. Second, the pathogen must have a high infection rate, such that it is able to infect virtually all individuals of all ages and sexes encountered. Third, it must be extremely lethal, with a mortality rate of c. 50–75%. Finally, it must have the ability to infect multiple host species without posing a serious threat to humans. Humans may be infected, but the disease must not be highly lethal or able to cause an epidemic.
One suggestion is that pathogens were transmitted by the expanding humans via the domesticated dogs they brought with them. Unfortunately for such a theory it can not account for several major extinction events, notably Australia and North America. Dogs did not arrive in Australia until approximately 35,000 years after the first humans arrived and approximately 30,000 years after the megafaunal extinction was complete and as such can not be implicated. In contrast numerous species including wolves, mammoths, camelids and horses had emigrated continually between Asia and North America over the past 100,000 years. For the disease hypothesis to be applicable in the case of the Americas it would require that the population remain immunologically naive despite this constant transmission of genetic and pathogenic material.
Second-order predation.
Scenario.
The Second-Order Predation Hypothesis says that as humans entered the New World they continued their policy of killing predators, which had been successful in the Old World but because they were more efficient and because the fauna, both herbivores and carnivores, were more naive. They killed off enough carnivores to upset the ecological balance of the continent, causing overpopulation, environmental exhaustion, and environmental collapse. The hypothesis accounts for changes in animal, plant, and human populations.
The scenario is as follows:
Support.
This has been supported by a computer model, the Pleistocene Extinction Model (PEM), which, using the same assumptions and values for all variables (herbivore population, herbivore recruitment rates, food needed per human, herbivore hunting rates, etc.) other than those for hunting of predators. It compares the Overkill hypothesis (predator hunting = 0) with Second-Order Predation (predator hunting varied between 0.01 and 0.05 for different runs). The findings are that Second Order-Predation is more consistent with extinction than is Overkill (results graph at left).
The PEM is the only test of multiple hypotheses and is the only model to specifically test combination hypotheses by artificially introducing sufficient climate change to cause extinction. When Overkill and Climate Change are combined they balance each other out. Climate Change reduces the number of plants, Overkill removes animals, therefore fewer plants are eaten. Second-Order Predation combined with Climate Change exacerbates the effect of Climate Change. (results graph at right).
The second-order predation hypothesis is supported by the observation above that there was a massive increase in bison populations.
Comet hypothesis.
First publicly presented at the Spring 2007 joint assembly of the American Geophysical Union in Acapulco, Mexico, the comet hypothesis suggests that the mass extinction was caused by a swarm of comets 12,900 years ago. Using photomicrograph analysis, research published in January 2009 has found evidence of nanodiamonds in the soil from six sites across North America including Arizona, Minnesota, Oklahoma, South Carolina and two Canadian sites. Similar research found nanodiamonds in the Greenland ice sheet.
Arguments against the comet hypothesis.
Debate around this hypothesis has included, among other things, the lack of an impact crater, relatively small increased level of iridium in the soil, and the highly improbable nature of such an event.

</doc>
<doc id="18783055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783055" title="Benjamin Franklin Jones (Pittsburgh industrialist)">
Benjamin Franklin Jones (Pittsburgh industrialist)

Benjamin Franklin Jones, Sr. (August 8, 1824 - May 19, 1903) was a pioneer of the iron and steel industry in Pittsburgh. Originally involved in the river barge industry, he purchased a share in American Iron Works in 1851, along with Bernard Lauth. He later joined with James H. Laughlin to form Jones and Laughlin Steel Company, a steel mill heavily dependent on river transportation. The B.F. Jones Memorial Library in Aliquippa Pennsylvania, the site of J&J Steel's Aliquippa Works, was built in his honor with funds donated by his daughter.
Biography.
He was born on August 8, 1824 in Claysville, Pennsylvania. He married Mary McMasters and had a son, Benjamin Franklin Jones, Jr. From 1884 to 1888 he was chairman of the Republican National Committee. He died on May 19, 1903 in Allegheny City, Pennsylvania.
Legacy.
He was executor of Laughlin's estate.
Politics.
As chairman of the Republican National Committee 1884 to 1888, he was responsible for the James G. Blaine presidential campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="18783058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783058" title="Pat Boot">
Pat Boot

 
 
Vernon Patrick "Pat" Boot (22 October 1914 – 5 January 1947) was a New Zealand middle distance runner from Canterbury, who represented New Zealand at the 1936 Summer Olympics at Berlin and at the 1938 British Empire Games at Sydney. 
At the 1936 Summer Olympics he ran in the 800 metre event, finishing last in the semi-final. He had tendon problems (like Cecil Matthews, who also had a disappointing result at Berlin) from running on the decks of the Wanganella, and withdrew from the fourth heat of the 1500 meters. 
At the 1938 British Empire Games he won a gold in the 880 yards with a tremendous sprint 70 yards from the end, and a bronze in the mile. 
He was born at Kaikoura and educated at Ashburton High School, Timaru Boys' High School and Lincoln University, where he trained for a diploma in agriculture. In World War II he was commissioned in the New Zealand Army and served overseas in the Middle East. He was an instructor in agriculture at Gisborne when he died aged 32 when under anaesthesia for dental treatment. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18783060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783060" title="Hokuriku Railroad Ishikawa Line">
Hokuriku Railroad Ishikawa Line

The is a railway line owned and operated by Hokuriku Railway in Ishikawa Prefecture, Japan. The line stretches 13.8 km from the city of Kanazawa to Hakusan with a total of 16 stations.
Service.
All service is by local trains that travel the entire length of the line, from Nomachi to Tsurugi; the trip takes approximately 30 minutes. During the New Year's Eve and New Year's Day holidays, the line was operated all night to move passengers to and from now-closed Kaga-Ichinomiya, where the nearby Shirayama-Hime Shrine draws crowds.
All trains are operated by drivers only; doors in the middle of each train car do not open.
Until November 30, 2006, there was daytime semi-express service between Nomachi and Tsurugi; trains stopped at Osano, Nonoichi, Sodani, and Oyanagi, making the trip in 25 minutes. This semi-express service was intended to move trains from one part of the line to the other in order to have a more balanced schedule.
On November 1, 2009, the section between Tsurugi and Kaga-Ichinomiya was closed.
Rolling stock.
Hokuriku Railway uses ten 7000 series (formerly Tokyu 7000 series) and eleven 7700 series (formerly Keio 3000 series) railcars on the Ishikawa Line. They are typically run in paired sets.

</doc>
<doc id="18783062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783062" title="Young Dutch Sam">
Young Dutch Sam

Young Dutch Sam (January 30, 1808, in London, England – November 4, 1843) was a professional boxer, who fought during the sport's "pioneer era" (pre-1892). 
Pro career.
Young Dutch Sam is best known as a being a welterweight champion in the 1820s. 
Sam won his first fight at age 15, and went on to defeat Ned Stockham, Harry Jones, Tom Cooper, Jack Cooper, Dick Davis and Ned Neale among others before retiring from the ring without ever losing a fight.
The leading prizefight reporter of the period, Pierce Egan, describing the Young Dutch Sam's emergence into the ring: 
Honors.
Young Dutch Sam was elected into the International Boxing Hall of Fame, "Pioneer" Category. 
Personal.
His father, Dutch Sam, also boxed during the pioneer era, and is a fellow Hall of Famer.

</doc>
<doc id="18783068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783068" title="Ludwig Engel">
Ludwig Engel

Ludwig Engel (b. at Castle Wagrain, Austria; d. at Grillenberg, 22 April 1694) was an Austrian Benedictine canon lawyer.
Life.
He became a Benedictine in Melk Abbey, 10 September 1654. At the order of his abbot, he applied himself to the study of law at the University of Salzburg, where theological studies were committed to the care of the Benedictines. 
He was proclaimed doctor of civil and canon law in 1657, ordained priest in the following year, and was soon professor of canon law at this university.
In 1669 he was unanimously chosen vice-chancellor of the university. He left Salzburg in 1674 at the invitation of the Abbot of Melk, who hoped that Engel should become known and appreciated by the monks, to be chosen as his successor. The death of Engel, which occurred in the same year, prevented this plan from being realized.
Works.
His main works are: 

</doc>
<doc id="18783083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783083" title="Nishi-Kanazawa Station">
Nishi-Kanazawa Station


</doc>
<doc id="18783089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783089" title="Leo Birinski">
Leo Birinski

Leo Birinski (June 8, 1884 – October 23, 1951) was a playwright, screenwriter and director. He worked in Austria-Hungary, Germany and in the United States. As a playwright in Europe he gained his biggest popularity in 1910 – 1917, then he was forgotten. From the 1920s to 1940s he worked mainly as a screenwriter, first in Germany, later in the USA. In the USA he returned to writing the stage plays. He was writing in German and later on in the USA in English. Until recently, only a minimal amount of information about his life was available. In addition there were many legends and rumours concerning Birinski's person, some of them even spread by himself. For example the false report of his "suicide" in 1920 even found its way from the newspaper obituaries into encyclopedias.
Variations in his name.
Leo Birinski – surname after his mother, approx. from 1908 his civil and stage name.
Other variations in spelling and form: "Leo G. Birinski, Leo Birinsky, Lev G. Birinski, Lev Birinskij, Lav Birinski, Birinszki Leó, Lev Birinszkij, Leon Birinski, etc."
Leo Gottesmann – surname after his father, used as his civil name until at least 1906.
Biography.
The circumstances of Birinski's early life are quite indefinite; different sources offer eight possibilities of his place and date of birth.
He was probably born on June 8, 1884, in Lysianka, Kiev Governorate, Russian Empire (in present-day Ukraine). He occasionally presented this information in official documents, and it is supported by some indirect evidence, although it is impossible to prove definitively because the local birth records for Lysianka were not preserved.
His father, Hersch Gottesmann, was born in Borschiv in eastern Galicia and was a salesman (he indicated "Agent" as his employment in registration forms).
His mother, Carna, born Berinska or Birinska, was a tenant's daughter from Lysianka. Birinski spent his childhood in Ukraine and Czernowitz, the capital city of the Austro-Hungarian province of Bukovina.
At the beginning of the 20th century (either in 1901 or 1904, according to the sources consulted), he moved to Vienna. He worked in a bookshop, turned to translating and started to write by himself. From his Viennese era come three of Birinski's plays: the tragedies "Der Moloch" ("The Moloch") and "Raskolnikoff" (after the novel "Crime and Punishment" by Dostoevsky), and his most successful comedy (or tragicomedy, according to Birinski) "Narrentanz" ("Dance of Fools"), written in 1912. In March 1920, the already-mentioned suicide rumour, caused by a mistaken identity with his younger namesake, Leon Gottesmann, was spread in the local newspapers. Although repeatedly denied, the report was included into several contemporary encyclopedias. In fact, in April 1921 Birinski left Vienna and moved to Berlin.
In Germany, Birinski probably married Jewish pianist Felicia Aschkenas, born probably in 1902 in Warsaw. He worked only for the movie industry, wrote many screenplays, and together with Paul Leni, directed the motion picture "Das Wachsfigurenkabinett". During his German era he demonstrably participated in the screenplays of thirteen films, e.g. "Tragödie der Liebe" with Marlene Dietrich, "Varieté" by Ewald André Dupont, and pictures by Gennaro Righelli. Probably in September 1927 Birinski left for the USA; two years later, his wife followed him. They both identified themselves to the immigration officers by Nicaraguan passports. Birinski had even listed the city of Bluefields in Nicaragua as his birthplace. Most probably this was just a false identity.
In the USA he continued his work as an author of motion picture stories and screenplays (he participated in the ten documented films). The first Birinski's American work was probably direction of "Das große Glück" – the German version of "A Ship Comes In" from 1928. Some of his pictures belong among the so-called "major“ films of the period: e.g. "Mata Hari" with Greta Garbo or Mamoulian´s movies "The Song of Songs", with Marlene Dietrich, and "The Gay Desperado". He once again tried the work of film director with "Flirtation" in 1934. The last known picture by Birinski was the spy comedy "The Lady Has Plans" in 1942. An adaptation for the radio series, Lux Radio Theater, was also created, and broadcast in April 1943 on the CBS radio network with Rita Hayworth and William Powell in the leads. Birinski also wrote several stage plays in the USA. On Broadway (New York City) his play "Nowhere Bound" was presented in January 1935 at the Imperial Theatre, and "The Day Will Come" in September 1944 at the National Theatre. In addition to these works, a manuscript of a stage play "The Holy Devil (Rasputin)" was found among the papers left by Herman Bernstein (a journalist and writer who died in August 1935). This play was probably never performed or published.
The last seven years of Birinski's life are enfolded in mist again. According to the extant death certificate, Leo Birinski died on October 23, 1951 at Lincoln Hospital in The Bronx, New York City. The certificate includes almost no information about the deceased. It appears that Leo Birinski died in poverty and probably entirely lonely (without any relatives or heirs). He was buried at Potter's Field at Hart Island in a mass-grave ("plot 45, section 2, no. 14“). In 2009, Birinski's relatives living in Israel and USA were found.
References.
This article is partially based on a translation from the article in Czech Wikipedia.

</doc>
<doc id="18783100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783100" title="Higashi-Kanazawa Station">
Higashi-Kanazawa Station


</doc>
<doc id="18783114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783114" title="Hitrino">
Hitrino

Hitrino (, pronounced ) is a village in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Shumen Province. It is the administrative centre of the homonymous Hitrino Municipality, which lies in the northwestern part of Shumen Province.
Hitrino is located in the northeastern Ludogorie, equally outlying from the Black Sea and the Danube, 20 kilometres from the provincial capital of Shumen. The village is a railway station on the Varna-Rousse line and lies on the main road between Silistra and Shumen.
Municipality.
Hitrino municipality includes the following 21 places:

</doc>
<doc id="18783126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783126" title="Morimoto Station">
Morimoto Station


</doc>
<doc id="18783132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783132" title="Arthur Francis Turner">
Arthur Francis Turner

Admiral Sir (Arthur) Francis Turner, KCB DSC (23 June 1912 – 26 October 1991) was a British naval officer. He was the son of Rear Admiral AWJ Turner and his wife Mrs AM Turner (née Lochrane).
Naval career.
He entered the navy in 1931, completing a four year course at the Royal Naval Engineering College at Keyham, Devonport. During the Second World War Turner travelled to Halifax, Nova Scotia, to commission and bring back HMS Newark to the United Kingdom; then spent a period at the RNEC and at HMS Condor (the Royal Naval Air Station at Arbroath), before joining the aircraft carrier in 1944 as air engineer officer. Indomitable was the carrier squadron flagship in the British Pacific Fleet and Turner's department maintained a very high aircraft serviceability rate for the fleet's strikes. Turner was twice mentioned in despatches took part in air strikes against Okinawa off Japan in 1945. 
After the Second World War, Turner planned the Royal Australian Navy's Fleet Air Arm. From 1954 Turner served in the Engineer in Chief's department at Bath, laying the foundation for the Navy's planned maintenance organisation. His other positions included: Captain Superintendent of the Royal Naval Aircraft Yard at Donibristle (1956–58), Director of Aircraft Maintenance and Planning in London, Chief Staff Officer (Technical) on the Central Staff, Mediterranean Fleet (1962–64), Director-General of Aircraft (Navy) at the Ministry of Defence (1964–67) and Chief of Fleet Support at the Ministry of Defence (1967–71). Turner was promoted to Vice-Admiral in June 1968. Then in 1970 Turner made naval history by becoming the first officer of a non-executive branch to reach the rank of full Admiral. He was one of the Navy's first specialists in naval aeronautical engineering and pioneered the introduction of planned maintenance to improve the reliability of the fleet's machinery. He retired in 1971.
Personal life.
In 1963 Turner married Elizabeth Clare de Trafford, daughter of Captain Edmund Hubert de Trafford (a grandson of Sir Humphrey de Trafford, 2nd Baronet) and his wife Hon. Cecilia Strickland (2nd daughter of Baron Gerald Strickland. They raised two sons: Francis (b. 1966) and Michael (b. 1969). The family settled at Effingham, Surrey where Lady Turner still lives in retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="18783168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783168" title="Degue-Degue">
Degue-Degue

Degue-Degue is a town in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 3,384.

</doc>
<doc id="18783173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783173" title="Tsubata Station">
Tsubata Station


</doc>
<doc id="18783177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783177" title="Dierisso">
Dierisso

Dierisso is a village in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 477.

</doc>
<doc id="18783185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783185" title="Cerro Santiago">
Cerro Santiago

Cerro Santiago is one of the most prominent cinder cones of a volcanic field surrounding the city of Jutiapa in southern Guatemala.

</doc>
<doc id="18783189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783189" title="Doutie">
Doutie

Doutie is a town in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,577.

</doc>
<doc id="18783195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783195" title="Faradjan">
Faradjan

Faradjan is a town in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,196.

</doc>
<doc id="18783199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783199" title="North-South Skirmish Association">
North-South Skirmish Association

The North-South Skirmish Association or N-SSA is an historical and competitive organization whose goal is to maintain the knowledge of the unique firearms used during the American Civil War. Formed in 1950 to commemorate the heroism of the men who fought on both sides during the war, the association is based mainly in the eastern United States, there are related associations in the western United States 
Organization.
N-SSA matches, known as Skirmishes, are "not" re-enactments of specific Civil War battles. Rather, the N-SSA is concerned with promoting the accurate shooting of the firearms of the era. Matches are devoted to authentic firearms accuracy, with a secondary, but still important, devotion to historical accuracy in uniforms and equipment.
Unlike most American Civil War reenactments, skirmish events are composed of individuals and teams that fire live ammunition at paper and breakable targets. Competitors can shoot firearms that are either original (e.g., date from 1861–65) or are N-SSA approved reproductions of firearms issued to soldiers from that period. Individual events are usually composed of paper bullseye targets at varying ranges, with five or ten shots for score.
The core of N-SSA shooting is the 8-man musket team match. Uniformed Union and Confederate teams compete in timed, rapid-fire events, shooting at breakable targets such as clay pigeons, ceramic tiles, and clay flower pots at ranges of 50 and . The team with the lowest time wins.
The N-SSA is a team-based organization rather than individual-based; one belongs to a team first and then to the larger N-SSA organization. But it is the N-SSA which issues membership cards to individual competitors. 
Teams are grouped into thirteen Regions. Each Region has roughly ten to fifteen teams, and is responsible for holding a Regional Championship at least annually. Geographically, many of the Regions overlap each other, as the N-SSA organizes new Regions to accommodate the creation of new teams.
History.
In 1949, John L. Rawls ran across an article describing Ernest W. Peterkin's avid interest in Civil War era muskets. The two exchanged letters, and agreed to plan a Civil War display at a local gun club.
On May 28, 1950 Rawls and Peterkin were invited to meet and put on a display of Civil War weaponry, uniforms, and equipment at the Berwin Rod and Gun Club in Murkirk, Maryland. Rawls arrived with seven men, the "Norfolk Long Rifles", dressed in period Confederate infantry uniforms. Peterkin and his five "Berwyn Blue Bellies" were dressed in period Union infantry uniforms. At the scheduled hour these men fired at individual targets, and participated in a team event that used balloons as targets. The Norfolk Long Rifles won the match. This event has come to be known as the "First Skirmish".
Two men from another gun club, the Cavalier Rifle and Pistol Club of Richmond, Virginia, witnessed this match, and were very impressed. They convinced the club to invite the two teams to their range for a rematch. Rawls and Peterkin were eager to accept this invitation to this second "skirmish".
The second skirmish witnessed the appearance of the first artillery. A mountain howitzer owned by the Confederates opened the event with a shot, and later fired three rounds for exhibition. The two teams also changed their names at this event, the Blue Bellies being renamed the Washington Blue Rifles, and the Long Rifles changed their name to the 1st Virginia Greys.
Events at the second skirmish included an exploding cardboard fort, moving silhouettes, and more balloons. The crude scoring system gave the match win to the Virginia Greys, who were awarded blue ribbons and medals. One of the Blue Rifles, William B. Poland, won the individual event.
The third skirmish was held at Camp Pendleton, Virginia in July 1951. Rawls and Peterkin held this event in conjunction with the last reunion of Confederate Veterans, which was attended by "General" John Salling of Slant, Virginia, and two other veterans. A parade was marched down the streets of Norfolk in blistering heat. Joining the Virginia Greys and Blue Rifles were two new teams, the 1st Richmond Rifles, and the Huron Rangers Riflemen who traveled from Detroit, MI to participate.
These events, and the ones that followed, built the framework for the North-South Skirmish Association as it is today.
Other Notable Events.
October 1956 - Formal adoption of a Constitution & By-Laws, First National Commander Elected.
July 1958 - Incorporation of the association is completed.
January 1961 - Timed scoring system adopted.
July 1961 - 1st Manassas Reenactment, First of many U.S. Civil War Centennial Events, heavily attended and hosted by N-SSA member units.
September 1963 - 28th National, First National Skirmish Held at Fort Shenandoah.
May 2012 The 125th Nationals Held at Fort Shenandoah.
Competition Arms.
Firearms used in N-SSA competition are restricted to those types documented to have been purchased by Federal or Confederate forces during the American Civil War. Arms may be either original or replica. Arms not on the Approved Arms List require individual approval by the Small Arms Committee. Limited modifications may be made to firearms to improve performance. Triggers and locks may be tuned, sight heights may be changed, and barrels may be bedded. However, the general external profile and dimensions of arms must closely match those of original Civil War small arms.
Five major types of small arms are used in N-SSA competition.
Musket.
The standard infantry arm of the American Civil War was the rifle-Musket. These arms were muzzle-loading rifles firing the Minie ball. Major types of musket used by combatants during the Civil War were the Model 1861 and 1863 Springfield, as well as the British-made Pattern 1853 and 1858 Enfield. Although the long 'three-band' muskets (so called because they had three bands fastening the barrel to the stock) were the most widely issued, N-SSA competitors favor the shorter 'two-band' muskets due to their superior balance and heavier barrels.
Carbine.
Carbines were issued to many cavalrymen from the 17th century until the 20th century. The American Civil War was notable for the use of carbines that were of markedly different design than the standard infantry weapon. Although short-barreled versions of the issue musket were used, breechloading designs such as the Sharps carbine and the Burnside carbine were more frequently encountered.
The N-SSA groups muzzle-loading and breech-loading carbines together for competitive purposes. There is considerable debate about which design is the best. The advocates of muzzle-loading carbines argue that their arms are more accurate than most breechloaders, while the breechloader advocates argue that the superior rate of fire makes up for any loss of accuracy.
Revolver.
Revolvers were issued to cavalrymen, artillery troops, and officers during the Civil War, which was one of the first conflicts to see such arms used in quantity. N-SSA revolver competition is limited to revolvers using percussion cap ignition. The major types of revolver used were the Colt Model 1851 and 1860, and the Remington Models of 1858 and 1863.
Breechloading Rifle.
The American Civil War was the first conflict in which firearms using self-contained cartridges were widely used. In the mid-1990s, the N-SSA added events for such arms to the competition schedule. Breechloading Rifles, as defined in N-SSA events, include the Henry Rifle and the Spencer Repeating Rifle.
Smoothbore Musket.
Although the American Civil War is frequently thought of as a conflict fought with rifle-muskets, the older smoothbore muskets were commonly used during the first half of the war. The N-SSA instituted matches for smoothbore muskets in the 1990s. Current N-SSA rules require the use of a bare bullet, and prohibit the use of a patched round ball, as is permitted under MLAIC rules. Either flintlock or percussion cap muskets may be used in smoothbore musket competition.
Shooting Competition.
The N-SSA holds numerous shooting competitions, known as Skirmishes, throughout the year. Skirmishes may be Invitational,sponsored by individual teams; Regional, sponsored by regions; or National, sponsored by the National organization.
National Championship skirmishes are held twice yearly at the N-SSA home range near Winchester, Virginia in the months of May and October. The eastern part of the country is broken up into regions which hold their own regional skirmishes throughout the year, generally once or twice a month during the warmer months. Skirmishes feature both individual competitions and team competitions.
Individual Competition.
Individual competitions are held with musket, revolver, carbine, repeater, and smoothbore arms. Distances are 50 and with muskets, carbines, and repeaters; and 25 and with revolvers and smoothbore muskets.
All individual matches are slow-fire precision events fired on standard N-SSA paper targets. The dimensions of these targets correspond closely to National Rifle Association targets for rifle and pistol. Individual matches at the National and most Regional Skirmishes are 10 shots for score with unlimited sighter shots, but some Regional and Invitational 
In addition to each individual match, there are several aggregate matches, including aggregates for each type of arm, as well as the Grand Aggregate of the musket, carbine, and revolver matches.
Team Competition.
Team competitions are rapid-fire events fired against breakable targets. Teams may fire for up to five minutes (two minutes for revolver events) in each event, and a penalty assessed for every unhit target. The total time to complete all events is a team's score, with the team having the lowest total time winning.
Musket Team Event.
The core of the North-South Skirmish Association is the musket team match. For both National and Regional matches, this competition consists of eight members. There are usually five events, one event at a distance of and four at a distance of .
At the National, musket team events include: 32 clay pigeons on a cardboard backer, 16 hanging 4"x4" ceramic tiles, 16 hanging clay pigeons, and 16 hanging clay flower pots. The musket team event at a National is 10 hanging 6"x6" ceramic tiles.
Regional musket matches are free to substitute other targets in place of the ones listed above. Other typical targets for the events are 12 ounce drink cans or 8 ounce styrofoam cups filled with water. Another typical target for the event would be 2 liter bottles filled with colored water.
Carbine Team Event.
The second largest (next to the musket match) competition within the North-South Skirmish Association is the carbine team match. For the National matches, this competition consists of eight members, and targets are usually the same as musket team.
Regional carbine matches quite often consist of five members, this is done to increase the number of teams competing since there are a smaller number of people attending. There are usually four or five events, one event at a distance of and three or four at a distance of .
Revolver Team Event.
Revolver team events are quite popular in the N-SSA. Revolver teams consist of four shooters at the National matches, and usually three shooters at other Skirmishes.
The normal target set for the revolver team match is: 
1. Three clay pigeons on a cardboard backer per shooter
2. Two hanging clay pigeons per shooter
3. Two other hanging targets (wood blocks or clay pots) per shooter
Breechloader and Smoothbore Events.
Among the newest events to be added to the skirmish schedule, repeater and smoothbore events consist anywhere from 3 members (at regional demonstration events) to 4 members (at official national match events). Targets are usually similar to other matches held during a skirmish.
Artillery Team Event.
The most distinctive competition within the North-South Skirmish Association is the artillery team match, this match is broken down into mortar, rifled, smoothbore, and howitzer artillery.
Mortar - range, 7 shots, fired at stake, scoring determined by distance measured to 5 closest hits to stake.
Rifled Cannon - range, 1 Hour Limit, 12 shots, best 10 for score, fired at two paper targets, a bullseye, and a counter battery, scoring is determined by points system. Best score: 50-5V. Common rifled cannon included in this match are the 10pdr. Parrott, the 10pdr. Ordnance Rifle, and the James Rifle.
Smoothbore Cannon - range, 1 Hour Limit, 12 shots, best 10 for score, fired at two paper targets, a bullseye, and a counter battery, scoring is determined by points system. Best score: 50-5V. Common smoothbore cannon include the 12pdr. Napoleon and the 6pdr. Smoothbore Field Gun.
Home Range.
The N-SSA's headquarters and main range, known as Fort Shenandoah, are located on approximately of land approximately seven miles north of Winchester, Virginia. Facilities include a rifle range, a separate revolver range, and private camping.
The main rifle range has a firing line over one-quarter mile (400 m) long, with room for nearly 600 competitors to shoot simultaneously. Shooting distance in this configuration is 50 and . The width of the range is employed, with a slanted firing line, to provide distances of up to for artillery and long-range rifle competition. This range is controlled from a single tower, and is one of the largest in the world.
The revolver range has a firing line of approximately 250 positions. Distances available are for the entire line, and for approximately 25 positions. The full width of the revolver range is normally used only for revolver team competition.
Member units are assigned campsites for their use throughout the year. Utilities are limited to central water and toilet facilities. Most competitors and their families spend skirmish weekends on the range - a particularly enjoyable experience during the prime camping seasons of late May (Spring Nationals) and early October (Fall Nationals).
Planned activities for a typical skirmish weekend include children's programs, dances, cook-outs, and trips to "Sutler Row," where vendors display and sell Civil War firearms, accoutrements, and clothing.

</doc>
<doc id="18783202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783202" title="Fougangoue">
Fougangoue

Fougangoue is a village in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 534.

</doc>
<doc id="18783208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783208" title="Gouandougou">
Gouandougou

Gouandougou is a town in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 3,641.

</doc>
<doc id="18783219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783219" title="Gouin-Gouin">
Gouin-Gouin

Gouin-Gouin is a town in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,460.

</doc>
<doc id="18783227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783227" title="Kadio, Burkina Faso">
Kadio, Burkina Faso

Kadio is a town in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,494.

</doc>
<doc id="18783243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783243" title="Kassande">
Kassande

Kassande is a town in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,307.

</doc>
<doc id="18783244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783244" title="Fangyuan, Changhua">
Fangyuan, Changhua

Fangyuan Township () is a rural township in Changhua County, Taiwan. The population was 36,809 in June 2008.
Geography.
Fangyuan has been assigned the Postal code is 528. With the total area of 91.38 km², the township is the second largest in Changhua County after Erlin Township.
Demographics.
As in June 2008, there were 36,809 people, 9,821 households. The population density was 380 people km²
Tourism.
The Wanggong Fishery (王功漁港) Harbour is a locally renowned place to visit.

</doc>
<doc id="18783245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783245" title="Matti Hatava">
Matti Hatava

Matti Hatava (born March 10, 1981, Lappeenranta) is a Finnish archer who lives in Tampere and represents archery club Tampereen Jousiampujat.
Hatava came 8th in the 1998 World Junior Championships, and represented Finland in the European Championships in 2000 and 2002.
In 2002 Hatava took a break from active sport to pursue his personal career in banking. He returned to archery in the summer of 2007, coming third in the 2007 Finnish Championships.
In 2008 Hatava finished second in the final Olympic qualification tournament held in Boé, France. Thus Hatava guaranteed a place for Finland at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing. He made his olympic debut finishing 58th on ranking round. In elimination rounds he first won Simon Terry of Great Britain but then lost to Cheng Chu Sian of Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="18783247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783247" title="Kapongouan">
Kapongouan

Kapongouan is a town in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,927.

</doc>
<doc id="18783254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783254" title="Kurikara Station">
Kurikara Station


</doc>
<doc id="18783256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783256" title="Kogoue">
Kogoue

Kogoue is a town in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,206.

</doc>
<doc id="18783261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783261" title="Kotou, Burkina Faso">
Kotou, Burkina Faso

Kotou, Burkina Faso is a village in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 587.

</doc>
<doc id="18783275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783275" title="Konkan, Burkina Faso">
Konkan, Burkina Faso

Konkan, Burkina Faso is a village in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 223.

</doc>
<doc id="18783285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783285" title="Kokanko">
Kokanko

Kokanko is a town in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,658.

</doc>
<doc id="18783298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783298" title="Arise Satō">
Arise Satō


</doc>
<doc id="18783299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783299" title="Chiquimula Volcanic Field">
Chiquimula Volcanic Field

The Chiquimula Volcanic Field is a located in the Chiquimula valley in southern Guatemala. 

</doc>
<doc id="18783311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783311" title="Isurugi Station">
Isurugi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18783326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783326" title="Fukuoka Station">
Fukuoka Station


</doc>
<doc id="18783340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783340" title="Nishi-Takaoka Station">
Nishi-Takaoka Station


</doc>
<doc id="18783345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783345" title="Drum Tower">
Drum Tower

Drum towers in European terminology refer to the shape of the round towers often used to corner exterior walls, or to bolster outer defensive walls as they are at Conwy Castle in Wales.
The term Drum tower () is used to refer to a tower in the center of an old Chinese city, housing signal drums. There was usually also a Bell tower nearby. For individual towers, see:
Drum towers can be found in a number of Buddhist temples in China and other countries of the region.
The drum tower often being located in the symbolic center of a city, downtown districts of several Chinese cities have been named after the tower; see Gulou (disambiguation) for a list.

</doc>
<doc id="18783348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783348" title="List of baseball parks in Chicago">
List of baseball parks in Chicago

This is a list of venues used for professional baseball in Chicago, Illinois. The information is a synthesis of the information contained in the references listed.
Currently: National Teachers Academy

</doc>
<doc id="18783355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783355" title="Kosugi Station (Imizu)">
Kosugi Station (Imizu)


</doc>
<doc id="18783366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783366" title="Kureha Station">
Kureha Station


</doc>
<doc id="18783375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783375" title="Volcán de Flores">
Volcán de Flores

Volcán de Flores is the most prominent stratovolcano in a volcanic field composed of several small volcanoes in southern Guatemala. It is located approximately 10 km west of the city of Jutiapa. 

</doc>
<doc id="18783385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783385" title="Novopress">
Novopress

Novopress is a news site and press agency founded by Fabrice Robert, a leader of the French nationalist organization Bloc Identitaire. It is politically geared towards nationalist, anti-Islamist and far right themes.

</doc>
<doc id="18783395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783395" title="Basic Fantasy RPG">
Basic Fantasy RPG

Basic Fantasy Role Playing Game (BFRPG) is "(a)n old-school roleplaying game in the style of Moldvay and Cook", written by Chris Gonnerman and many other contributors. It is freely available in PDF and OpenDocument formats, along with numerous supplements, from the game's website. BFRPG is stylistically similar to, and largely compatible with, the 1981 "Dungeons & Dragons" Basic and Expert sets ("B/X D&D") edited by Tom Moldvay and Zeb Cook respectively. Its differences from B/X D&D include d20-style ascending armor class and separation of character race and class. Gonnerman first announced BFRPG on the Dragonsfoot.org website on 20 January 2006, when the rules were at Release 9. BFRPG Release 62, released on 17 February 2007, was marked as the First Edition and made available on the print-on-demand site Lulu. BFRPG Release 75, released on 15 July 2008, was marked as the Second Edition and is currently available from Lulu.
Gonnerman drew on his previously designed RPG, Project 74, as well as some descriptive text from the D&D 3.5 SRD and Castles & Crusades, for material to create Basic Fantasy. The game has been positively received. Criticism of BFRPG has focused on its deviations from B/X D&D, particularly in comparison to Labyrinth Lord, another "retro-clone" RPG.

</doc>
<doc id="18783396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783396" title="Yuka Nishigaki">
Yuka Nishigaki


</doc>
<doc id="18783414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783414" title="1929–30 Allsvenskan">
1929–30 Allsvenskan

Allsvenskan 1929–30, part of the 1929–30 Swedish football season, was the sixth Allsvenskan season played. The first match was played 4 August 1929 and the last match was played 1 June 1930. Hälsingborgs IF won the league ahead of runners-up IFK Göteborg, while IFK Norrköping and Stattena IF were relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="18783418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783418" title="Pat Porter">
Pat Porter

Patrick ("Pat") Ralph Porter (May 31, 1959 – July 26, 2012) was an American distance runner.
Education and career.
Porter was born in Wadena, Minnesota on May 31, 1959. After graduating from Adams State in 1982 with a degree in marketing, Porter became one of the most dominant U.S. distance runners of the 1980s. Porter was a two time U.S. Olympian, running the 10000 meters at the 1984 and 1988 Olympic Games. In 1983 he set the World Record for a road 10K at 27:31.8. He won the silver medal at the 1985 IAAF World Cup in Canberra, Australia, getting nipped at the tape by Ethiopia's Wodajo Bulti by six hundredths of a second.
With an unremarkable personal best of 4:29 in the mile while running for Evergreen High School in Evergreen, Colorado, Porter was not heavily recruited to run in college. He enrolled at Adams State College in Alamosa, Colorado, and flourished under the training of coach Joe Vigil. 
Porter was best known for his cross country running accomplishments. He won a record eight consecutive USA Cross Country Championships from 1982 to 1989. Porter also represented the United States at the World Cross Country Championships each of these years. His best finish at the World Championships was 4th in 1984, followed by 6th, 7th, 9th and 10th place finishes throughout his career.
In 1998 Porter played Finnish distance runner Lasse Virén in "Without Limits", a biographical film about American distance legend Steve Prefontaine. He was married to fellow U.S. Olympic Team member high jumper Trish King.
Death.
On July 26, 2012, at approximately 8:30 a.m., Porter was killed in an airplane crash along with his 15-year old son Connor and his son's friend, 14-year old Connor Mantsch. Porter, an avid pilot, hit a boundary fence at the south end of the Sedona Airport runway just outside of Sedona, Arizona, then went down a steep mesa and burst into flames upon impact at the bottom of the hill. Only days before his death, on July 20, Porter had been inducted into the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference Hall of Fame in Colorado Springs and was also inducted into the Adams State Athletics Hall of Fame in 2000 in Alamosa, Colorado. He was 53 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="18783419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783419" title="1930–31 Allsvenskan">
1930–31 Allsvenskan

Allsvenskan 1930–31, part of the 1930–31 Swedish football season, was the seventh Allsvenskan season played. The first match was played 3 August 1930 and the last match was played 7 June 1931. GAIS won the league ahead of runners-up AIK, while Redbergslids IK and Sandvikens IF were relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="18783420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783420" title="1931–32 Allsvenskan">
1931–32 Allsvenskan

Allsvenskan 1931–32, part of the 1931–32 Swedish football season, was the eighth Allsvenskan season played. The first match was played 2 August 1931 and the last match was played 5 June 1932. AIK won the league ahead of runners-up Örgryte IS, while IFK Malmö and Hallstahammars SK were relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="18783423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783423" title="Kaolinovo">
Kaolinovo

Kaolinovo (, pronounced ) is a town in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Shumen Province. It is the administrative centre of the homonymous Kaolinovo Municipality, which lies in the northern part of Shumen Province. As of December 2009, the town has a population of 1,538 inhabitants.
Kaolinovo was named after its main product: the municipality is rich in high-quality kaolin (china clay), with a mine and an ore dressing plant present. The reserves amount to 65 million tonnes.
Municipality.
Kaolinovo municipality includes the following 16 places:

</doc>
<doc id="18783424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783424" title="S77">
S77

S77 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18783430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783430" title="1932–33 Allsvenskan">
1932–33 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1932/1933.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Hälsingborgs IF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783433" title="1933–34 Allsvenskan">
1933–34 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1933/1934.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Hälsingborgs IF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783437" title="1934–35 Allsvenskan">
1934–35 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1934/1935.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IFK Göteborg winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783440" title="1935–36 Allsvenskan">
1935–36 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1935/1936.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IF Elfsborg winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783447" title="1936–37 Allsvenskan">
1936–37 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1936/1937.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with AIK winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783454" title="1937–38 Allsvenskan">
1937–38 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1937/1938.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IK Sleipner winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783457" title="1938–39 Allsvenskan">
1938–39 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1938/1939.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IF Elfsborg winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783460" title="1939–40 Allsvenskan">
1939–40 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1939/1940.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IF Elfsborg winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783470" title="1940–41 Allsvenskan">
1940–41 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1940/1941.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Hälsingborgs IF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783475" title="1941–42 Allsvenskan">
1941–42 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1941/1942.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IFK Göteborg winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783477" title="1942–43 Allsvenskan">
1942–43 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1942/1943.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IFK Norrköping winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783481" title="1943–44 Allsvenskan">
1943–44 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1943/1944.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Malmö FF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783486" title="1944–45 Allsvenskan">
1944–45 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1944/1945.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IFK Norrköping winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783488" title="1945–46 Allsvenskan">
1945–46 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1945/1946.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IFK Norrköping winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783494" title="1946–47 Allsvenskan">
1946–47 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1946/1947.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IFK Norrköping winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783501" title="1947–48 Allsvenskan">
1947–48 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1947/1948.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IFK Norrköping winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783502" title="Cecil Matthews">
Cecil Matthews

 
 
Cecil Henry Matthews (13 October 1914 – 8 November 1987) was a New Zealand long distance runner from Canterbury, who represented New Zealand at the 1936 Summer Olympics at Berlin and New Zealand at the 1938 British Empire Games at Sydney. 
At the 1936 Summer Olympics he was eliminated from the 5000 metre event, finishing seventh in his heat, and was scratched from the 10,000 metres. He had tendon problems (like Pat Boot, who also had a disappointing result at Berlin), from running on the decks of the Wanganella. 
At the 1938 British Empire Games he won two gold medals, in the three-mile (5 km) race where he beat Peter Ward, and the six-mile (10 km) event (although he had no experience at this distance, which did not appear on the New Zealand programme until 1948). 
He was born in Christchurch. He served in the Air Force in World War II, then moved to Auckland where he died.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18783505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783505" title="1948–49 Allsvenskan">
1948–49 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1948/1949.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Malmö FF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783512" title="1949–50 Allsvenskan">
1949–50 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1949/1950.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Malmö FF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783516" title="1950–51 Allsvenskan">
1950–51 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1950/1951.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Malmö FF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783521" title="1951–52 Allsvenskan">
1951–52 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1951/1952.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IFK Norrköping winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783527" title="1952–53 Allsvenskan">
1952–53 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1952/1953.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Malmö FF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783529" title="Kallar, Kanhangad">
Kallar, Kanhangad

Kallar is a small village in Kasaragod district in the Indian state of Kerala. It is situated 30 km from Kanhangad.
It is a place of secularism, and consists of a church called St. Thomas Church, a temple and a mosque. Most of the ancestors are from the place of Kottayam. Most of them are farmers and living in a middle class category.
Near By Villages of this Village with distance are Balal(2.6 k.m.), Panathady(6.6 k.m.), West Eleri(8.8 k.m.), Kinanoor Karindalam(11.3 k.m.), Kayyur Cheemeni(18.4 k.m.), . Nearest Towns are Nileshwar(8.8 k.m.), Kanhangad(20.6 k.m.), Kasargod(31.6 k.m.), Manjeshwar(54.3 k.m.), 
Balal, Madikkai, Panathady, Udma, Kanhangad, Ajanoor, ... . are the villages along with this village in the same Kanhangad Taluk
Kallar Pin Code is 671532 and Post office name is . Other villages in Post Office (671532,) are Panathady, Kallar, Kumbala
Colleges nearby Kallar
1 . ACADEMY PERIYA 
Address : .
2 . St. Pius X College 
Address : post; kanhangad;kasaragod dist.--671532.
3 . Sharaf Arts & Science College 
Address : kasaragod; kerala; India; post—671312
Banks near by Kallar
1 . PUNJAB NATIONAL BANK, KANHANGAD 
IFSC CODE : punb0428600. 
MICR CODE : non-micr.
2 . UNION BANK OF INDIA, KANHANGAD 
IFSC CODE : ubin0557102. 
MICR CODE : non micr.
3 . STATE BANK OF INDIA, KANHANGAD 
IFSC CODE : sbin0001439. 
MICR CODE : 671002025.
4 . ICICI BANK LTD, KANHANGAD 
IFSC CODE : icic0001170. 
MICR CODE : non micr..
Schools in Kallar
Ghs Kottodi
Address : kallar, hosdurg, kasaragod, Kerala . PIN- 671532, Post - Rajapuram
Holy Family Hss Rajapuram
Address : kallar, hosdurg, kasaragod, Kerala . PIN- 671532, Post - Rajapuram

</doc>
<doc id="18783534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783534" title="1953–54 Allsvenskan">
1953–54 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1953–54.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with GAIS winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783535" title="Sleeping States">
Sleeping States

Sleeping States is a musical solo project of British musician Markland Starkie (born 1981).
Started in 2004 in London, Sleeping States falls predominantly in the songwriter genre. Sleeping States has also been associated with Lo-Fi, DIY and Queercore, having released a number of 7"s, cassette-only EPs and a CD-R album on several small DIY labels in Britain, including the Queercore label/collective Homocrime.
Discography.
Albums
EPs
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="18783537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783537" title="1954–55 Allsvenskan">
1954–55 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1954/1955.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Djurgårdens IF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783540" title="1955–56 Allsvenskan">
1955–56 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1955/1956.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IFK Norrköping winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783544" title="1956–57 Allsvenskan">
1956–57 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1956/1957.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IFK Norrköping winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783545" title="Hail Satan">
Hail Satan

"Hail Satan", sometimes expressed in a Latinized version as "Ave Satanas" (or "Ave Satana") is an expression used by some Satanists to show their dedication to Satan, but has also been used for the purpose of comedy or satire. Believers in backmasking think they can hear "Hail Satan" and other messages to Satan in some songs played in reverse, such as "Walk This Way" by Aerosmith. The variation "Ave Satani" is sometimes used, because it was used by Jerry Goldsmith in his theme music to "The Omen", but, regarding the Latin, its declension is not correct, as it is declined either as a masculine noun of the first declension, or a Greek loan word, and the ending -i- is for some forms of nouns of the second declension. Some people having a traditional pagan faith, including artists such as Gaahl, use the phrase to mock Christians or Christianity and use the similarities between Satan as phallic and passionate and pagan fertility-gods such as Freyr in this rhetoric as a disambiguation.
Cultural history.
The phrase "Hail Satan" is documented as early as 1808, where it is said in the poem "The Monk of Cambray", by an evil monk who uses his pact with Satan to advance in the ranks of the Catholic Church (and finally become Pope).
The Latin version "Ave Satanas" (in its variant spelling "Ave Sathanas"), often appears in literature at least from the 1800s, notably in the popular 1895 faustian novel "The Sorrows of Satan", and earlier in an 1862 play "St. Clement's Eve" (in reference to satanic undertakings supposed to take place at midnight in a district of Paris). After the phrase "Hail Satan" appeared in the 1967 book "Rosemary's Baby" by Ira Levin and the 1968 film adaptation of it, where it is said by Satanists when they believe Satan's will has been accomplished, and had also appeared in other films and in stock footage, the phrase became part of the common conception of what Satanists say. Some film actors were reluctant to say it, and of those who did some felt they experienced negative life events afterwards, such as divorce.
Coinciding with its appearance in "Rosemary's Baby", the phrase became a common greeting and ritual term in the Church of Satan (founded in 1966), both in its English form, "Hail Satan", as well as in the Latin version of it, "Ave Satanas". When "Ave Satanas" was used, it was often preceded by the term "Rege Satanas" ("Reign, Satan"). ("Rege Satanas" can be heard in the video of a widely publicized Church of Satan wedding performed by LaVey on February 1, 1967.) The combination ""Rege Satanas, Ave Satanas, Hail Satan!"" is found as a greeting in early Church of Satan correspondence, as well as in their 1968 recording "The Satanic Mass", and ultimately in their 1969 book "The Satanic Bible". The same combination also appeared in 1969 in the non-Church of Satan record album by the rock band Coven, in a 13 minute long "Satanic Mass" of their own. The use of "Hail Satan" by Coven (as well as their use of the sign of the horns and inverted crosses on the same album) was the first time this phrase was used in rock music. The phrase is used in some versions of the Black Mass, where it often accompanies the phrase Shemhamforash and is said at the end of each prayer. This rite was performed by the Church of Satan
appearing in the documentary Satanis in 1969. Some occultists accompany it with similar addresses to other gods or figures they revere. Rituals involving the phrase tend to be more likely to be mentioned in the press at Halloween.
"Ave Satani", the piece of music used as the basis for the theme song for "The Omen" (1976), written by Jerry Goldsmith, which won him an Academy Award, has a title which is intended to mean "Hail Satan" in Latin, in opposition to "Ave Christi". (The song contains other Latin phrases inverting Christ, such as "Ave Versus Christi", meaning "Hail Anti-Christ", and "Corpus Satani", an inversion of "Corpus Christi", the body of Christ). The song has been described as hair-raising and has inspired cover versions such as those by Fantomas or Gregorian. The music is used in comic portrayals of stock "sinister" characters, for instance in the "South Park" episode "Woodland Critter Christmas", which involves devil-worshiping woodland creatures, a version of the "Ave Satani" is heard in the background when the animals use their demonic powers; also the episode's commercial bumpers involving a squirrel saying "Hail Satan!" The chant is also parodied in the episode "Damien", where Damien is accompanied by the chant "Rectus Dominus Cheesy Poofs."
In 1985, the phrase received national news coverage in the United States when serial killer Richard Ramirez, known as the "Night Stalker", shouted "Hail Satan!" as he was led from the courtroom, while raising his hand with a pentagram drawn onto it. Members of Ramirez's family denied that he said the phrase, believing that he said "We'll see," but "Hail Satan" was still being used by journalists over twenty years later as being characteristic of Ramirez. In reviewing whether Ramirez was deprived of his due process and fair trial rights by being restrained by leg shackles, the Supreme Court of California itself highlighted Ramirez's use of "Hail Satan" to support its conclusion that the trial court did not abuse its discretion in ordering Ramirez to be physically restrained during trial.
The phrase may be used ironically by heavy metal fans as part of their rebellious ethos. Heavy metal musicians may use it as part of their act or their songs, such as "Hail Satanas We Are The Black Legions" by Mütiilation. Heavy metal musicians, for instance Ozzy Osbourne, a member of the Church of England, rarely consider themselves to be Satanists, instead using it as part of their stage persona, a role they play.
RuPaul's Drag Race Season 4 Winner Sharon Needles has a song called "Hail Satan", in which she cites icons from the satanic culture.
The ubiquity of the phrase has led to it being used in parodic imitation of evangelism, as with the Mr. Show sketch "Hail Satan Network" which includes characters who are Satanic televangelists. It received another humorous use when "The Simpsons" character Bart Simpson was punished for using it to end the Pledge of Allegiance in the episode "Burns' Heir."
Reputation.
Some of those who believe in backward masking, along with some fundamentalist Christians, believe messages such as "Hail Satan" may subliminally inspire people to do evil, a view which may have received some reinforcement when the phrase was used as part of the vandalizing of churches, however its use then may have been the expression of a general anti-religious sentiment indicated by its use along with slogans such as "Think, don't Pray." Vandalism accompanying it may include the anarchy symbol or other slogans intended to shock, such as racial slurs. It may accompany symbols such as a swastika, inverted pentagram or inverted cross. Such vandalism is usually by rebellious young people rather than Satanists, whose activities are not often criminal.
Rick Ross, whose work involves studying cults, referred to the murder trial of Scott Peterson, in which the defense made the claim that the killings were by a "Satanic cult" rather than the defendant. Ross called this a ridiculous manifestation of the Satanic panic, referred to it as a "Hail Satan Pass", similar to the Hail Mary pass in football, a desperate and unlikely attempt.

</doc>
<doc id="18783547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783547" title="1957–58 Allsvenskan">
1957–58 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1957/1958.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IFK Göteborg winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783550" title="1959 Allsvenskan">
1959 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1959.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Djurgårdens IF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783551" title="Giovanni Ricciardi (painter)">
Giovanni Ricciardi (painter)

Giovanni Ricciardi (born 14 June 1977 in Castellammare di Stabia, Province of Naples) is an Italian painter.
Painter Giovanni Ricciardi graduates in 1998 at the Academy of Fine Arts of Naples . 
Ricciardi begins to show his work since 1995. The environment he’s sourrounded by is filled by stimuli, art lectures, meetings with art historians and critics. 
His works have been exposed in national and international shows, in institutional centers and museums: at the National Museum of Naples, at the Museo di Pietrarsa and the Convitto Nazionale, Palazzo delle stelline in Milan, Palazzo delle Esposizioni of Rome, La balle au Bond Paris, at the Iraqi Academy of Baghdad and the Museum of modern art of Saitama, Tokyo.
In 1998 the painter Giovanni Ricciardi is invited by Alik Cavaliere to show his work at Fondazione Stelline in Milan where he meets the greatest Italian masters of the period as Emilio Tadini, Enrico Baj. The first act of “Steady Link Project” is performed in Baghdad in 2002 at the Academy of Fine arts. The work in progress is a project that comprehends installations and performances. Ricciardi’s first solo show is called “L’inganno dei Sensi” at the MA Gallery in Naples in 2003. At the same time he is called to manage the artistic direction “Mare dei Popoli”, a periodical interested in Arabic and Islamic culture (Edizioni Ritualia).
In 2001 Ricciardi participates "Patafluens"(Casalmaggiore), the international meeting of Pataphysics, under the artistic direction of Enrico Baj, and collaborates with the Collège de 'Pataphysique. In 2007 he becomes a Pataphysicist granted at the Istitutum Pataphysicum Partenopeo di Napoli by Mario Persico. In 2008 he founded in Milan the "Autoclave di Estrazioni Patafisiche" of which is appointed Reggente Patastrofico. In 2013 realizes Patakosmos project, a web portal about pataphysics world.

</doc>
<doc id="18783553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783553" title="1960 Allsvenskan">
1960 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1960.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IFK Norrköping winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783555" title="9S">
9S

9S may refer to :
9s refers to a number of rugby league nines tournaments :

</doc>
<doc id="18783560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783560" title="1961 Allsvenskan">
1961 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1961.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IF Elfsborg winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783562" title="1962 Allsvenskan">
1962 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1962.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IFK Norrköping winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783566" title="1963 Allsvenskan">
1963 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1963.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IFK Norrköping winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783571" title="1964 Allsvenskan">
1964 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1964.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Djurgårdens IF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783574" title="1965 Allsvenskan">
1965 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1965.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Malmö FF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783577" title="1966 Allsvenskan">
1966 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1966.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Djurgårdens IF Fotboll winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783579" title="1967 Allsvenskan">
1967 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1967.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Malmö FF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783581" title="1968 Allsvenskan">
1968 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1968.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Östers IF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783582" title="St Lythans burial chamber">
St Lythans burial chamber

The St Lythans burial chamber () is a single stone megalithic dolmen, built around 6,000 BP (before present) as part of a chambered long barrow, during the mid Neolithic period, in what is now known as the Vale of Glamorgan, Wales.
It lies about one km (0.62 miles) to the west of the hamlet of St Lythans, near Dyffryn Gardens. It also lies around one mile (1.6 km) south of Tinkinswood burial chamber, a more extensive cromlech that it may once have resembled, constructed during the same period.
The site is on pasture land, but pedestrian access is allowed and is free, with roadside parking available for 2–3 cars about from the site.
The dolmen, which has never been fully excavated, is maintained by Cadw (), the Welsh Historic Environment Agency.
Location.
The burial chamber stands in a field, Maesyfelin (), often shared by a herd of cows, to the south of St Lythans Road, roughly one km (0.62 miles) west of the hamlet of St Lythans. Roadside parking is available, for 2—3 cars, about from the site, which is maintained by Cadw (), the Welsh Historic Environment Agency. Access to the field, which slopes gently downwards towards the north west, is permitted, and is free, via a kissing gate. There is no wheelchair access, although there is an uninterrupted view of the site from the gate, about away.
Features.
This chamber tomb is a dolmen, the most common form of megalithic structure in Europe. It stands at the eastern end of a flat topped, long, wide earthen mound, forming part of a chambered long barrow. It is one of the Severn-Cotswold type, and consists of a cove of three upright stones (orthostats), supporting a large, flat, capstone. All the stones are mudstone, which, as with those used at Tinkinswood, were probably available locally. The capstone, which slopes downwards from south east to north west (the left side of the entrance towards the back, right), measures four metres (13 ft) long, three metres (10 ft) wide, and thick. The insides of the two facing, rectangular, uprights have been smoothed off and there is a port-hole at the top of the triangular, rear stone, similar to some other dolmens, such as at Trethevy Quoit, in Cornwall. The burial chamber has a minimum internal height of and is in an east/west alignment, with the entrance facing east. 
As with most cromlechs, it is likely that originally, the burial chamber would have had a forecourt immediately outside the entrance to the chamber and the chamber would have been covered by a mound of earth and smaller stones. This has either been eroded, or removed, over time, leaving only a much lower barrow behind the current structure. However, as the chamber is unusually tall, it is possible that the capstone was never fully covered.
History.
Prehistoric origins.
From the end of the last ice age (between 10,000 and 12,000 BP), mesolithic hunter-gatherers from Central Europe began to migrate to Great Britain. They would have been able to walk between Continental Europe and Great Britain on dry land, prior to the post glacial rise in sea level, up until between 6,000 and 7,000 BP. As the area was heavily wooded and movement would have been restricted, it is likely that people also came to what was to become known as Wales by boat from the Iberian Peninsula. These neolithic colonists integrated with the indigenous people, gradually changing their lifestyles from a nomadic life of hunting and gathering, to become settled farmers. They cleared the forests to establish pasture and to cultivate the land. They built the long barrow at St Lythans around 6,000 BP, about 1,500 years before either Stonehenge or The Egyptian Great Pyramid of Giza was completed. There are over 150 other cromlechs all over Wales, such as Pentre Ifan in Pembrokeshire () and Bryn Celli Ddu, on Anglesey (), of the same period.
Purpose.
As well as places to house and to honour their dead, these cromlechs may have been communal and ceremonial sites where, according to Dr Francis Pryor, people would meet "to socialise, to meet new partners, to acquire fresh livestock and to exchange ceremonial gifts". The corpses of the dead were probably left exposed, before the bones were moved into the burial chamber.
New cultures.
In common with the people living all over Great Britain, over the following centuries the people living around what is now known as St Lythans assimilated new immigrants and exchanged ideas of the Bronze Age and Iron Age Celtic cultures. Together with the approximate areas now known as Brecknockshire, Monmouthshire and the rest of Glamorgan, St Lythans was settled by a Celtic British tribe called the Silures.
Although the Roman occupation left no physical impression on St Lythans, its people embraced the Roman religion of Christianity and dedicated a church to St Bleddian, who had been sent to Britain to stamp out the Pelagian Heresy. The current Church of St Bleddian, in St Lythans, a listed grade II* building, known locally as St Lythan's Church, was built about ⅔ mile (about 1 km) to the east of this site and has an ancient yew tree in the churchyard.
Recent local history.
In the 16th century, the manor was acquired by the Button family, who built the first house about north west of the tumulus. The Manor's name was changed to Dyffryn St Nicholas and the house rebuilt in the 18th century, when the estate was purchased by Thomas Pryce. 
Commenting on St Lythans in his 'A Topographical Dictionary of The Dominion of Wales', London, 1811, Nicholas Carlisle, says "The Resident Population of this Parish, in 1801, was 72. It is 6m. W. S.W. from Caerdiff (sic)." and notes that "Here is a Druidical Altar." (Note the spelling of Cardiff, which corresponds closely to the current local Cardiff pronunciation.) 
By 1831 the population had grown by over 50% ("Lythan's, St. (St. Lythian), a parish in the hundred of Dinas-Powis, county of Glamorgan, South Wales, 6 miles (W. S. W.) from Cardiff, containing 103 inhabitants.") and Dyffryn House was being used as "a school for all the poor children of this parish". By now, the dolmen had been correctly identified: "There is a cromlech on St. Lythan's common." (From 'A Topographical Dictionary of Wales' by Samuel Lewis, 1833). 
Census records show that St Lythans' population fluctuated between 81 (1881) and 136 (1861) over the rest of the 19th century. In 1939, the Dyffryn Estate was leased to the Glamorgan County Council for 999 years.
Local folklore.
St Lythans Burial Chamber is also known as "Gwâl y Filiast" () — the site had been used as an animal shelter in the early 19th century — and "Maes y Felin" (), apparently from the legend that, each Midsummer's Eve, the capstone spins around three times and all the stones go to the nearby river to bathe. The cromlech stands in a field known as the "Accursed Field", so called due to its supposed infertility. However, Julian Cope (born about to the north, in Deri, Caerphilly) has suggested the name may have derived from "Field O'Koeur".
Analysis of contemporary local sites.
Few human remains survive from this period, the early Neolithic (c 6400 BP–5300 BP). Although, they are comparatively well preserved in the Black Mountains, Gower and the Vale of Glamorgan, where up to 50 individuals, of all ages, have been interred — men, women and children — in each cromlech. 
Minor excavation was carried out at St Lythans by William Collings Lukis in 1875. However his notes are regarded as "poorly-recorded". A report noted in 1976 CE that "Human remains and coarse pottery were found in 1875 in the debris thrown out from the interior, which partly fills the hollow of the original forecourt in the E (sic) end of the mound." Some surface finds from the cromlech are held in the National Museum Wales, Cardiff. They are a fine leaf-shaped flint arrowhead, a fragment of polished stone axe and several flight flakes. Conservation work was carried out on the eroded barrow in 1992–3 CE, when soil and turfs were replaced to cover the exposed areas.
The St Lythans site has not yet been fully excavated. However, results from excavations of other sites are worth noting:
Parc Cwm long cairn.
Musculoskelatal analysis of the human remains found at Parc Cwm long cairn (), Gower, has shown significant gender lifestyle variation. Male muscular development is greater — possibly from hunting, or herding. In contrast, no such variation was noticeable in the remains found during the excavation from the nearby Tinkinswood burial chamber.
Goldsland Wood.
Remains from seven neolithic humans have been excavated from a cave at Goldsland Wood, Wenvoe, near the cromlech at St Lythans, together with pottery and flint blades dating from between 5,000 to 5,600 BP. Although there is no evidence to show that the bones relate to the site, it is thought that the corpses had been placed there until they had decomposed. The skeletons would then have been removed to sites such as the St Lythans Burial Chamber, 
or the Tinkinswood Burial Chamber. This appears to be the first, and only, site found in Britain, where corpses have been left to rot, prior to placement in communal tombs. Most of the remains recovered were small pieces of jaw, fingers or toes. 
The Tinkinswood site contained human remains and pottery dating to the early Bronze Age, showing that such sites were used over many generations.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18783584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783584" title="1969 Allsvenskan">
1969 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1969.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IFK Göteborg winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783586" title="1970 Allsvenskan">
1970 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1970.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Malmö FF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783589" title="1971 Allsvenskan">
1971 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1971.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Malmö FF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783590" title="Go Shinomiya">
Go Shinomiya


</doc>
<doc id="18783592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783592" title="1972 Allsvenskan">
1972 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1972.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Åtvidabergs FF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783595" title="1973 Allsvenskan">
1973 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1973.
Overview.
The league was contested by 14 teams, with Åtvidabergs FF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783602" title="1974 Allsvenskan">
1974 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1974.
Overview.
The league was contested by 14 teams, with Malmö FF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783604" title="1975 Allsvenskan">
1975 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1975.
Overview.
The league was contested by 14 teams, with Malmö FF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783607" title="1976 Allsvenskan">
1976 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1976.
Overview.
The league was contested by 14 teams, with Halmstads BK winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783610" title="USS Menemsha (AG-39)">
USS Menemsha (AG-39)

USS "Menemsha" (AG-39) was a cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. She was used as a weather-gathering ship, a patrol craft and convoy escort vessel in the North Atlantic Ocean. Although a Navy ship, she was operated by the U.S. Coast Guard, and eventually was transferred to that agency as USCGC "Menemsha" (WAG-274).
Built in Minnesota.
"Menemsha" (AG-39) was built as "Lake Orange" by McDougall Duluth Co., Duluth, Minnesota, in 1918; purchased as "John Gehm" by the Maritime Commission from her owners, Bison Steamship Corp., Buffalo, New York, in 1941; acquired by the Navy 19 September 1941; renamed "Menemsha" and classified AG-39 on 15 October 1941; converted from a lake cargo hauler to a weather patrol ship by Maryland Drydock Company. Baltimore, Maryland; and commissioned under loan to the U.S. Coast Guard 20 January 1942.
World War II service.
Assigned to duty with the North Atlantic Weather Patrol, "Menemsha" patrolled various at sea weather stations out of Boston, Massachusetts, and Argentia, Newfoundland. Averaging about 3 weeks a patrol, she braved the perils of the storm tossed North Atlantic Ocean and the menace of German U-boats to gather valuable weather data from her isolated positions.
In addition, "Menemsha" maintained a constant alert for the enemy undersea raiders as well as for survivors from torpedoed ships. While patrolling south of Newfoundland 20 August 1942, she rescued the only five survivors from the British merchant ship "Arletta", torpedoed by on 4 August while a straggler from Convoy ON-115. "Menemsha" returned the survivors to Boston 25 August.
Almost 1 year later, "Menemsha", on a weather patrol, sighted a German submarine. As she steamed about midway between the Virginia Capes and the Azores on the moonlit night of 11 August 1943, her lookout spotted a surfaced sub, , about 6,000 yards off her starboard bow. She closed for attack and began shelling the U-boat with 4 inch gunfire. During the next half hour she chased the enemy which responded with "incoherent recognition signals" rather than with torpedoes or return fire. The determined weather patrol ship fired 20 rounds, one of which struck close aboard the fleeing sub's conning tower.
"Menemsha" broke off attack after suspecting the presence of other enemy U-boats in the area. She rendezvoused with a hunter killer group, headed by , at noon the 12th; however, patrolling aircraft and escorting destroyers failed to flush "U-760", who interned herself on the Spanish coast 8 September.
Transfer to the U.S. Coast Guard.
The Navy transferred "Menemsha" to the Coast Guard 22 October 1943 and she was commissioned as USCGC "Menemsha" (WAG 274). Her name was struck from the Navy List 30 October 1943. After long and valuable service in the Coast Guard, she was scrapped in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="18783612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783612" title="1977 Allsvenskan">
1977 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1977.
Overview.
The league was contested by 14 teams, with Malmö FF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783615" title="1978 Allsvenskan">
1978 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1978.
Overview.
The league was contested by 14 teams, with Östers IF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783619" title="1979 Allsvenskan">
1979 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1979.
Overview.
The league was contested by 14 teams, with Halmstads BK winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783623" title="1980 Allsvenskan">
1980 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1980.
Overview.
The league was contested by 14 teams, with Östers IF winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783634" title="1981 Allsvenskan">
1981 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1981.
Overview.
The league was contested by 14 teams, with Östers IF winning the championship.
Relegation play-offs.
"Elfsborg won 2–1 on aggregate."
"Kalmar FF won 4–2 on aggregate."

</doc>
<doc id="18783638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783638" title="1982 Allsvenskan">
1982 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1982.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IFK Göteborg winning the league and the Swedish championship after the play-offs.
1982 Allsvenskan play-offs.
The 1982 Allsvenskan play-offs was the first edition of the competition. The eight best placed teams from Allsvenskan qualified to the competition. Allsvenskan champions IFK Göteborg won the competition and the Swedish championship after defeating league runners-up Hammarby IF.

</doc>
<doc id="18783642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783642" title="1983 Allsvenskan">
1983 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1983.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with AIK winning the league and IFK Göteborg winning the Swedish championship after the play-offs.
1983 Allsvenskan play-offs.
The 1983 Allsvenskan play-offs was the second edition of the competition. The eight best placed teams from Allsvenskan qualified to the competition. IFK Göteborg who finished third in the league won the competition and the Swedish championship after defeating Öster who finished fourth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="18783646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783646" title="1984 Allsvenskan">
1984 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1984.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IFK Göteborg winning the league and the Swedish championship after the play-offs.
1984 Allsvenskan play-offs.
The 1984 Allsvenskan play-offs was the third edition of the competition. The eight best placed teams from Allsvenskan qualified to the competition. Allsvenskan champions IFK Göteborg won the competition and the Swedish championship after defeating IFK Norrköping who finished fifth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="18783654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783654" title="1985 Allsvenskan">
1985 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1985.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Malmö FF winning the league and Örgryte IS winning the Swedish championship after the play-offs.
1985 Allsvenskan play-offs.
The 1985 Allsvenskan play-offs was the fourth edition of the competition. The four best placed teams from Allsvenskan qualified to the competition. Örgryte who placed third in the league won the competition and the Swedish championship after defeating IFK Göteborg who finished fourth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="18783655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783655" title="1986 Allsvenskan">
1986 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1986.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Malmö FF winning the league and the Swedish championship after the play-offs.
1986 Allsvenskan play-offs.
The 1986 Allsvenskan play-offs was the fifth edition of the competition. The four best placed teams from Allsvenskan qualified to the competition. Allsvenskan champions Malmö FF won the competition and the Swedish championship after defeating AIK who finished third in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="18783660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783660" title="1987 Allsvenskan">
1987 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1987.
Overview.
Allsvenskan 1987 was played between 12 April and 4 October 1987 and was won by Malmö FF. The championship play-off finals were played from 10 to 31 October 1987 and was won by IFK Göteborg, who defeated Malmö FF in the final and thus became Swedish champions.
1987 Allsvenskan play-offs.
The 1987 Allsvenskan play-offs was the sixth edition of the competition. The four best placed teams from Allsvenskan qualified to the competition. IFK Göteborg who finished third in the league won the competition and the Swedish championship after defeating Allsvenskan champions Malmö FF.

</doc>
<doc id="18783667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783667" title="1988 Allsvenskan">
1988 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1988.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Malmö FF winning the league and the Swedish championship after the play-offs.
1988 Allsvenskan play-offs.
The 1988 Allsvenskan play-offs was the seventh edition of the competition. The four best placed teams from Allsvenskan qualified to the competition. Allsvenskan champions Malmö FF won the competition and the Swedish championship after defeating Djurgården who finished third in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="18783668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783668" title="1989 Allsvenskan">
1989 Allsvenskan

Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1989.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with Malmö FF winning the league and IFK Norrköping winning the Swedish championship after the play-offs.
1989 Allsvenskan play-offs.
The 1989 Allsvenskan play-offs was the eight edition of the competition. The four best placed teams from Allsvenskan qualified to the competition. League runners-up IFK Norrköping won the competition and the Swedish championship after defeating Allsvenskan champions Malmö FF. The champion was determined by a final in best of three matches in contrast to previous years.
Final.
"IFK Norrköping won 2–1 in matches."

</doc>
<doc id="18783669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783669" title="Craig Reedie">
Craig Reedie

Sir Craig Reedie, (born 6 May 1941) is a British sports administrator, noteworthy as a former Chairman of the British Olympic Association (1992–2005) and still a serving representative on the International Olympic Committee.
Background.
Reedie was born in Stirling, in Scotland, in 1941. He was educated at High School of Stirling and the University of Glasgow. He gained his Master of Arts (MA) in 1962 and then studied for a Bachelor of Laws (LLB) degree in 1964, still at the University of Glasgow.
In 2001 his life's achievements were recognised with a Doctorate from the University of Glasgow, and in 2005 Scotland's oldest university, the University of St Andrews.
made him a Doctor of Law (LLD).
In his professional career, Reedie was a partner in a Scottish Independent Financial Advisory company.
He is married with two children. He still has a home in his native Scotland.
Sports administration.
In his sporting life, Reedie gained success playing badminton from 1962 to 1970, culminating in becoming a doubles champion. At the time, badminton was not recognised as an Olympic sport, a situation his influence was able to remedy in 1985, leading to the first medals being awarded at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
After his success as a player, Reedie turned his efforts towards sports administration and from 1981 to 1984 he was President of the International Badminton Federation (IBF). In 1992, he became the Chairman of the British Olympic Association (BOA), serving in that capacity for more than a decade, and for which role he was knighted on retiring in 2005. In 1994, in addition to his British role, Reedie joined the International Olympic Committee (IOC), where he is currently one of three United Kingdom representatives, the others being HRH the Princess Royal and Sir Philip Craven.
In addition to his post on the IOC, Reedie is also on the board of the London 2012 Organising Committee, the body tasked with preparing for the 2012 Summer Olympics that were held in London. Reedie also served on the Evaluation Commission for the bids for the 2016 Summer Olympics which was won by Rio de Janeiro. At present he is leading the Evaluation Commission for the 2020 Summer Olympics, with Istanbul, Madrid and Tokyo the three remaining cities on the shortlist that previously included Baku, Doha and Rome.
In 2008, Reedie hoped to gain admission to the Executive Board of the IOC, the supreme body of the Olympic movement. This was considered essential, in view of the need for smooth communication between the London 2012 organisation and the decision-making authorities of the IOC. He stepped down from one vacancy to ensure there would be at least one female representative at the 'top table' and was then ranged against a candidate viewed as a potential IOC President for the second vacancy.
On 9 October 2009,at the 121st IOC Session in Copenhagen,after two previous failed attempts, Reedie was elected to the International Olympic Committee's Executive Board. He will be the first Briton to have a seat on the board since 1961.
Honours.
Reedie is a member of the Order of the British Empire, in the rank of Commander, giving him the post-nominal letters CBE.
In 2006 he gained further recognition, with the award of a knighthood from the Queen, since when his formal title has become: Sir Craig Reedie, CBE.
Reedie is to be awarded with an Honorary Degree by the University of Lincoln in the 2010 Graduation ceremonies.

</doc>
<doc id="18783670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783670" title="1990 Allsvenskan">
1990 Allsvenskan

Allsvenskan 1990, part of the 1990 Swedish football season, was the 66th Allsvenskan season played. IFK Göteborg won the league ahead of runners-up IFK Norrköping, while IK Brage, Örgryte IS and Hammarby IF were relegated.
Overview.
The league was contested by 12 teams, with IFK Göteborg winning the league and the Swedish championship after the play-offs.
1990 Allsvenskan play-offs.
The 1990 Allsvenskan play-offs was the ninth and final edition of the competition. The four best placed teams from Allsvenskan qualified to the competition. Allsvenskan champions IFK Göteborg won the competition and the Swedish championship after defeating IFK Norrköping who finished as runners-up in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="18783673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783673" title="Rockin' Years">
Rockin' Years

"Rockin' Years" is a song written by Floyd Parton, and recorded as a duet by American country music artists Dolly Parton and Ricky Van Shelton. it was released in February 1991 as the lead-off single to both Parton's album "Eagle When She Flies" and Shelton's album "Backroads". The song reached the top of the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart, giving Parton her twenty-third number one and Shelton his eighth. The song would be Parton's last chart-topper until 2005.
Content.
The song is a mid-tempo country waltz in which two narrators — a male and a female — promise to love each other until their "rockin' years"; i.e., when they are old and sitting in rocking chairs together.
Other recorded versions.
An unreleased duet between George Jones and Parton was recorded in 1988 but remained unreleased until the release of his 2008 album "Burn Your Playhouse Down - The Unreleased Duets".

</doc>
<doc id="18783676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783676" title="1991 Allsvenskan">
1991 Allsvenskan

Allsvenskan 1991, part of the 1991 Swedish football season, was the 67th Allsvenskan season played. IFK Göteborg won the league ahead of runners-up Örebro SK, and advanced to Mästerskapsserien 1991 along with the teams placed 3 to 6, while the teams placed 7 to 10 advanced to Kvalsvenskan 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18783679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783679" title="1992 Allsvenskan">
1992 Allsvenskan

Allsvenskan 1992, part of the 1992 Swedish football season, was the 68th Allsvenskan season played. IFK Norrköping won the league ahead of runners-up Östers IF, and advanced to Mästerskapsserien 1992 along with the teams placed 3 to 6, while the teams placed 7 to 10 advanced to Kvalsvenskan 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18783683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783683" title="1993 Allsvenskan">
1993 Allsvenskan

Allsvenskan 1993, part of the 1993 Swedish football season, was the 69th Allsvenskan season played. IFK Göteborg won the league ahead of runners-up IFK Norrköping, while Örgryte IS and IK Brage were relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="18783684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783684" title="1994 Allsvenskan">
1994 Allsvenskan

Allsvenskan 1994, part of the 1994 Swedish football season, was the 70th Allsvenskan season played. IFK Göteborg won the league ahead of runners-up Örebro SK, while Landskrona BoIS and BK Häcken were relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="18783688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783688" title="1995 Allsvenskan">
1995 Allsvenskan

Allsvenskan 1995, part of the 1995 Swedish football season, was the 71st Allsvenskan season played. IFK Göteborg won the league ahead of runners-up Helsingborgs IF, while Hammarby IF and Västra Frölunda IF were relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="18783689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783689" title="Hurlstone Point">
Hurlstone Point

Hurlstone point () is a promontory of land between Porlock Weir and Minehead in the Exmoor National Park on the coast of Somerset, England.
Hurlstone Point marks the boundary between Porlock Bay and Blue Anchor Bay in the Bristol Channel and is on the South West Coast Path. There is a coastguard lookout shelter on the point.
The rocks, including a large slab known as "coastguard wall" are popular with climbers.
In 2007 a cyclist was rescued after falling down the cliff.

</doc>
<doc id="18783693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783693" title="1996 Allsvenskan">
1996 Allsvenskan

Allsvenskan 1996, part of the 1996 Swedish football season, was the 72nd Allsvenskan season played. IFK Göteborg won the league ahead of runners-up Malmö FF, while Umeå FC, Djurgårdens IF and IK Oddevold were relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="18783695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783695" title="Province of Valencia">
Province of Valencia

Valencia () or València () is a province of Spain, in the central part of the Valencian Community.
It is bordered by the provinces of Alicante, Albacete, Cuenca, Teruel, Castellón, and the Mediterranean Sea. The northwestern side of the province is in the mountainous Sistema Ibérico area.
Part of its territory, the Rincón de Ademuz, is an exclave sandwiched between the provinces of Cuenca and Teruel.
Of the province's 2,587,503 people, one-third live in the capital, Valencia, which is also the capital of the autonomous community. There are 265 municipalities in the province. See List of municipalities in Valencia.
The province is historically subdivided into "comarques":

</doc>
<doc id="18783697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783697" title="1997 Allsvenskan">
1997 Allsvenskan

Allsvenskan 1997, part of the 1997 Swedish football season, was the 73rd Allsvenskan season played. Halmstads BK won the league ahead of runners-up IFK Göteborg, while Västerås SK, Degerfors IF and Panos Ljungskile SK were relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="18783698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783698" title="C.D. Atlético Junior">
C.D. Atlético Junior

Atlético Junior is a Honduran football club based in El Negrito, Honduras.
History.
The club was relegated to Liga Mayor de Honduras at the end of the 2006-07 season. They returned to the Honduran second division after purchasing the licence of Lenca in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18783700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783700" title="1998 Allsvenskan">
1998 Allsvenskan

Allsvenskan 1998, part of the 1998 Swedish football season, was the 74th Allsvenskan season played. AIK won the league ahead of runners-up Helsingborgs IF, while BK Häcken and Östers IF were relegated. AIK won the title despite having the fewest goals (25) scored in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="18783702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783702" title="Alaa Kamal">
Alaa Kamal

Alaa Kamal is an Egyptian professional football player. He started his career with Al-Mokawloon al-Arab. Before the start of the 2008/2009 season he signed with El Zamalek, he returned to Al-Mokawloon al-Arab after one season, and stay there for 3 seasons from 2009 to 2012, before he joined Al-Ittihad Al-Sakndary in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18783705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783705" title="1999 Allsvenskan">
1999 Allsvenskan

Allsvenskan 1999, part of the 1999 Swedish football season, was the 75th Allsvenskan season played. Helsingborgs IF won the league ahead of runners-up AIK, while Kalmar FF, Malmö FF and Djurgårdens IF were relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="18783715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783715" title="Leung Chin-man appointment controversy">
Leung Chin-man appointment controversy

The Leung Chin-man appointment controversy occurred in Hong Kong in August 2008, when the former Permanent Secretary for Housing, Planning and Lands, Leung Chin-man was named Deputy Managing Director and Executive Director of New World China Land Ltd.
There was widespread suspicion among members of the public that job offer was a "quid pro quo" for the favours he allegedly granted to its parent company, New World Development (NWD), in 2004. The Civil Service Bureau (CSB), which was responsible for vetting the appointments of former civil servants against potential conflicts of interest, admitted to failing in their duty to consider all relevant factors.
Background.
In 2004, while Leung was Director of Housing, the government sold an unused Private Sector Participation Scheme project. The sale of the Hung Hom Peninsula HOS housing estate to NWD took place at less than half of the original asking price.
In November 2005, Leung was criticised in an Audit Commission report, for having exercised his discretionary power before conferring with other government departments in 2001. Henderson Land Development had been granted permission to exclude the public transport terminus from the gross floor area in its building plan for their "Grand Promenade" development, thus gaining additional revenues of HK$3.2 billion as a result of the decision. The effect was to allow the addition of 10,700 square meters to the project.
Procedural rules.
Directorate officers wishing to take up outside work, paid or unpaid, full-time or part-time, during their final leave period before their formal departure from the Government and/or within a specified control period counting from the said departure, should apply for prior permission from the Secretary for the Civil Service (SCS) in accordance with detailed arrangements set out in CSB Circular No. 10/2005. According to procedures drawn up, civil servants of Leung's grade are subject to a 12-month 'sterilisation period' and required government approval to take up private sector posts within three years of leaving. Procedures laid down required that views from the relevant bureaux be taken into account.
Approval and conditions.
The Secretary for the Civil Service, Denise Yue Chung-yee, signed off on the approval for him to take up the job after it passed through the Advisory committee on post-service employment of civil servants, responsible for vetting the appointment.
The Transport and Housing Bureau, the Development Bureau and Administrative Officer Grade Management were asked for their views. On receiving these submissions, the CSB prepared a paper for the Advisory committee to facilitate their consideration.
The view taken by the CSB was that Leung would oversee only mainland business of his future employer, and that bearing in mind he had ceased to be Director of Buildings for six years, and had left the post of Permanent Secretary of Housing two years previously, his appointment was "unlikely to present problems of conflict of interest". In order to address any potential public perception issue, additional conditions were imposed in addition to the standard set of conditions. Accordingly, Leung's employment was to be confined to New World China Land, not represent his employer in dealings with the Government, would refrain from involvement in any Hong Kong related dealings of his direct employer, and not to disclose sensitive or classified information to his employer. On 4 July 2008, the committee submitted its recommendation to the SCS to approve Leung's appointment, and the SCS duly gave her approval on 8 July, on the terms stipulated.
Reaction.
For many citizens, the incident was proof that there was collusion between the government and big business. Controversies surrounded not only the suspicions of Leung's own conflict of interest, but also of the insensitivity of the committee which recommended the approval for him to take up his new job with a HK$3.12 million pay packet, plus bonus, so soon after his retirement. Mr. Justice Pang Kin-kee, who chaired the vetting committee, was also himself criticised for conflict of interest for his close friendship with Leung. Political scientist Ma Ngok said "It is inevitable that the public will consider the advisory committee to be just a rubber stamp when the approval rate was 100%." Albert Cheng commented: " controversial appointment is a political time bomb, which threatens to seriously undermine the authority of the administration." Senior Non-Expatriate Officers Association chairman Poon Wai-ming argued that the controversy arose from a lack of strict enforcement of the procedures, and not their inadequacies. New World argued that they hired Leung in good faith after government clearance. Albert Chan of the League of Social Democrats and 50 members of the public filed a complaint with the Independent Commission Against Corruption days after his appointment became public.
The Secretary for the Civil Service came under fire for approving an appointment that gives the strong appearance of a conflict of interest. Chief Executive Donald Tsang asked the Secretary for the Civil Service to account for the approval process in a written report.
On 13 August 2008, "Apple Daily" reported that the Hong Kong and Macao Affairs Office had asked the Hong Kong government to solve the problem on or before 24 August, and that the best way forward would be for Leung to resign from NWD. However, "The Standard" reports that the "Apple" assertions "could not be substantiated". However, an unnamed top Beijing official in Hong Kong was quoted in the "South China Morning Post" as warning, without specifically identifying the subject he was referring to, that conflicts among interest groups may threaten Hong Kong's stability if not properly handled.
SCS report.
On 15 August, the Civil Service Bureau issued the report requested by Donald Tsang where they admitted that they had not considered Leung's role in the Hung Hom Peninsula affair when approving his application, and was thus not mentioned in the report to the Advisory Committee or the subsequent submission to the SCS. Although the Works branch and the Transport and Housing branch suggested that there may be a "public perception issue", neither believed that the appointment was "to.. create a negative impact or embarrass the government" because his role was in mainland subsidiary. Donald Tsang asked the SCS to reassess the approval, and submit a report to him.
New World Development announced in the early hours of 16 August that Leung had resigned from his post, and would not be seeking compensation from the government, for its "inappropriate handling". Leung professed his "shock" to learn that officials had not considered his role in the Hung Hom Peninsula sale, and tendered his resignation. It was understood that the reassessment by the SCS would take place notwithstanding Leung's resignation.
Political fallout.
Yue lost credibility within and outside government circles as a result of the case, but said she hoped to stay in her position. Commentator Chris Yeung stated that Tsang's request for the bureaux to do their job again deals a body blow to the authority and image of Yue and the bureaux. A SCMP editorial criticised the "glaring lack of political sense of some of our senior officials." Lee Wing-tat said it was clear from the episode that the government considered the public stupid. Albert Cheng pointed to the composition of the four-man Advisory committee, saying that issues would have been flagged had it included pan-democrats instead of just establishment figures.
There were only muted calls for Secretary's resignation. Commentators suggested that parties feared that demands for Yue's resignation would alienate civil servants in the forthcoming LegCo elections.
The next day, Donald Tsang confirmed that Denise Yue would not have to resign. He was satisfied with her apology and with the explanations offered by her. Tsang ordered a committee, of which Yue was to be a member, to be set up to perform a sweeping review of the system to process applications for former civil servants. This sparked fears among civil servants that their job opportunities after retirement would be curtailed.
In an op-ed, Christopher Cheung states that Leung was quickly sentenced by the court of public opinion, and was "dangerously close to mob rule". The facts of the case rested on guidelines introduced in January 2006 which "elevate public opinion to the level of tyranny", and whose rigid entry and exit criteria from the civil service stand in the way of modernising the civil service.

</doc>
<doc id="18783716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783716" title="2000 Allsvenskan">
2000 Allsvenskan

Allsvenskan 2000, part of the 2000 Swedish football season, was the 76th Allsvenskan season played. The first match was played 8 April 2000 and the last match was played 4 November 2000. Halmstads BK won the league ahead of runners-up Helsingborgs IF, while GAIS and Västra Frölunda IF were relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="18783723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783723" title="Church of Our Lady (Kortrijk)">
Church of Our Lady (Kortrijk)

The Church of Our Lady in Kortrijk was built in 1199 established by count Baldwin I of Constantinople. The church is situated in the historic city centre of Kortrijk.
History.
This church has a long construction history that began in the 13th century. The church played a mayor role in the history of the County of Flanders. The church was situated within the domain of the Counts of Flanders which was, except the part along the River Lys, fully walled. The church was part of the first castle of Kortrijk.
After the Battle of the Golden Spurs in 1302, which took place nearby on the Groeningekouter, the Flemish people hung 500 Golden Spurs of killed French knights on the ceiling of the church. Mercenaries took them away, in 1382 after the Battle of Roosebeke. They were replaced by replicas which can still be seen in the church.
In 1370, Count Louis II of Flanders had the Count’s chapel built to be a mausoleum for he himself and to honour the holy Catharina. The Chapel contains paintings of all the rulers of Flanders.
During the 15th century, the church was renovated. The castle wasn't restored and the domain was parcelled out (O.L.V.-straat, Konventstraat, Guido Gezellestraat, Kapittelstraat and Pieter de Cockelaerestraat). Only the church, the Broeltowers and the Artillery tower are the remains of the medieval castle.
In 1797, French troops invaded the church and together with 12 convents, chapels and churches, the church was sold. Thanks to the concordate between Napoleon Bonaparte and Pope Pius VII, the church became the parish church of the parish of Our Lady.
Guido Gezelle was priest of this parish between 1872 and 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="18783728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783728" title="Trinity (character)">
Trinity (character)

Trinity, as a character in fiction, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18783729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783729" title="Sam Barnes">
Sam Barnes

Samuel Thomas Barnes (December 18, 1899 – February 19, 1981) was a Major League Baseball player. Barnes played for the Detroit Tigers in the 1921 season. 
Barnes was born in Suggsville, Alabama and died in Montgomery, Alabama. 
He was the cousin of former Major Leaguer, Red Barnes.

</doc>
<doc id="18783747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783747" title="Muthoot">
Muthoot

The Muthoot Group is an 126-year-old business house based in India. It has interests in Financial Services, Information Technology, Media, Healthcare, Education, Power Generation, Infrastructure, Plantations, Precious Metal, Tourism, and Hospitality. The Muthoot Group operates in 23 states in India, and has presence in USA, UK and UAE. It is wholly owned and managed by the Muthoot Family.
The Group takes its name from the Muthoot Family based in Kerala. The Company was set up by Muthoot Ninan Mathai in 1887 at Kozhencherry, a small town in the erstwhile Kingdom of Travancore (Kerala). It was then later taken over by his son M George Muthoot who incorporated the Finance division of the group which was until then primarily involved in wholesale of grains and timber. The company is now managed by the third and fourth generation of its family members.
The group is headquartered in Kochi, Kerala. The Group made over $4 Billion in revenues during 2011-2012. 
Business Divisions.
Muthoot Finance Ltd: Established in the year 1939 when M.George Muthoot ventured into financial services through a partnership firm under the name of Muthoot M. George & Brothers (MMG). MMG was a Chit Fund based out of Kozhencherry. In 1971, the firm was renamed as Muthoot Bankers, and had begun to finance loans using gold jewellery as collateral. . In 2001, the company was renamed once again and came to be known as Muthoot Finance Ltd.. Muthoot Finance falls under the category of Systematically Important Non-banking financial company(NBFC) of the RBI guidelines. 
The company has more than 4,050 branches spread across 23 states of the country Muthoot Finance, according to the IMaCS Research & Analytics Industry Reports "Loans Market in India, 2009 and the 2010 update to the IMaCS Industry Report 2009", is the largest Gold Loan NBFC and has the largest network of branches for a Gold Loan NBFC in India. Muthoot Finance is also the highest credit rated Gold Loan company in India, with a credit rating of AA- (CRISIL) and LAA-(ICRA) for its Long Term Debts and P1+ (CRISIL) & A1+ (ICRA) for its Short Term Debt Instruments.
Muthoot Finance promotes "gold power", a concept which emphasises mobilising household Gold possessions (ornaments), estimated to be more than 20000 tonnes, in times of financial crunch. The services can be used by anyone from any economic section of society, with minimal paperwork and hindrances. 
Muthoot Finance privately placed 4% of its paid up capital to Private Equity players – Barings India and Matrix Partners India for Rs. 1.57 billion, hence valuing the earlier privately held company at over $1 billion. In terms of market capitalisation, Muthoot Finance Ltd is the second largest company in Kerala, first being Federal Bank.
Muthoot Systems and Technologies Pvt Ltd: Operating under the brand Emsyne, is the Information technology arm of the Muthoot Group, is headquartered in Cochin. The company has been operating for over the past 14 years in the IT sector. Their client list includes US companies such as ARC group, PA, Court Port LLC, SVM, JAL International. The company was established in 1993. It offers Information Technology services, Product Engineering Solutions, Business Process Outsourcing Services and Consultancy Services to local as well as Global clients. The company has recently started its operations in US with a subsidiary in Philadelphia region. Expansion into other regions of the US and The Middle East is planned.
Muthoot Precious Metals Corporation: Established in May 2006, the company sells coins & bars of 999 Pure 24 Carat gold and silver throughout India. They carry out the sales of these bars and coins through more than 4000 branches of Muthoot Finance Ltd. 
MPMC imports gold bullion from Switzerland and converts them into gold coins of smaller denominations so as to suit the investment requirements of people from different income groups. MPMC is one of the leading sellers of Gold Coins in retail market. Gold Coins/Bars are sold in different denominations up to 50gms and silver coins in 20, 50 & 100 gm denominations. Company offers the unique and one of its kind scheme to book gold on today's rate and pay later in flexible instalments.
Most of the gold & silver coins are imprinted with the images of deities and monuments such as Goddess Lakshmi, Lord Ganesha, Lord Ayyappan, Venkateswara Swami(Balaji), Our lady of Velankanni, St. Alphonsa, St. Gregorious, Lord Sri Padmanabha, Golden Temple, Chatrapathi Shivaji, Mary Matha, St.George, etc. MPMC also launched a special Collectors Edition 8gms Gold Coin for the Muthoot Group's partnership with the Delhi Daredevils, Delhi's IPL team.
Muthoot Finance Ltd: Money transfer is a service provided by Muthoot Finance since 2002. As of December 2012, there are 7 inward remittances that Muthoot Finance offers Western Union, xpress Money, Instant Cash, Ez Remit, Transfast, Moneygram, Global Money.
Muthoot Exchange Company Pvt. Ltd:The Foreign exchange division of the Muthoot Group is head quartered in Kerela. Customers can avail this service at select Muthoot Finance Ltd. Outlets across India.
Muthoot Securities Ltd: Established on 28 May 2008, Muthoot Securities Ltd. is a member of various stock exchanges namely NSE, BSE and MCX-SX.MSTL. It operates over 65 business centres in Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka. Its product offerings comprise financial products and services namely equity, commodity & currency trading, internet based trading, Portfolio Management Services, depository services, mutual funds, PAN services, market research etc. Company recently tied up with UTI Infrastructure Technology and Service Ltd to issue PAN card through its network of branches all over India, which will now act as Muthoot PAN processing centre.
Muthoot TravelSmart: Headquartered in Kochi, Muthoot TravelSmart is the travel division of Muthoot Group. The services offered by this division include international and domestic ticketing, railway ticketing, tour, passport, emigration & visa, travel desk, travel insurance, bus ticketing and foreign exchange. 
Muthoot Broadcasting (P) Limited: Within the media domain, Muthoot Group operates Chennailive 104.8FM that focuses on the growing demand for urban music. Established in 2006, the radio station is the leading English radio channel in Chennai.Chennai Live 104.8 is India's first talk radio FM station.
MGM Muthoot Medical Centre: Established in 1988, the Group operates a medical centre and specialty clinics. It also provides a number of health services round the clock. Health check-up schemes, cashless treatments and community health programmes also fall under the healthcare spectrum of Muthoot Group. The Group also operates several Diagnostic & Scan centers throughout Kerala and 2 multi-speciality hospitals in Kozhencherry and Pathanamthitta.
Muthoot Leisure & Hospitality Services (P) Limited: Established in 1978, The Group runs 2 luxury resorts viz. Pampa Villa and Cardamom County, as well as 12 houseboats in Kerala, which operate under the brand 'Muthoot River Escapes'. Muthoot Hotels runs a chain of South Indian coffee outlets as well. Muthoot River Escapes has been given a five star rating by Trip Advisor. All of these combined are referred to as Raxa Collective.
Muthoot Hotels is in the process of constructing a 5 star luxury hotel in the city of Kochi and 5 star beach resort in Mararikulam.
Muthoot Housing & Infrastructure: Formerly known as Muthoot Builders, the division was established in the year 1990. The division is managed by Sri George Jacob Muthoot from Trivendrum. The division has a number of residential as well as commercial projects in South India. 
""'St George's School: The Muthoot Group runs St. George’s School, a non-profit initiative, located at the Alaknanda colony in New Delhi. It was founded in 1930. As of December 2012, the school has a staff strength of 130 teachers and student strength over 3000.
Muthoot College of Allied Health Sciences: The institute was established in 2004 and offers major health courses like MLT, MIT etc. 
Muthoot M George Institute of Science & Technology: Situated in Kochi, the institute offers courses in all regular streams of engineering. 
The education division of The Muthoot Group is prominent in the education industry due to the many awards to its credit. The Gem of India (Gold Medal), Rajiv Gandhi Excellence Award, and Golden Peacock National Training Award are just a few such awards. 
Muthoot Vehicle & Asset Finance Ltd.: Incorporated in 1992 and renamed as Muthoot Vehicle & Asset Finance Ltd. in 2008, this division of the Muthoot Group is the sole company of its kind in Kerala. The RBI certification classifies it as a Deposit taking Asset Finance Company. 
Muthoot Alternate Energy Resources:""' Established in 2006 Muthoot power generation division (which comes under Muthoot Finance Ltd.) runs 3, 1.25 MW capacity Suzlon Make Wind Electric Generators at Devarkulam site in Tirunelveli District, Tamil Nadu. The WEGs generate 8 million unit of power annually which is pumped into the Southern grid. 
This division of the Group is associated with an array of insurance solutions ranging from life insurance to medical, ULIPs, etc. It was established in 2002. All operations are now run under the name of Muthoot Insurance Brokers Pvt. Ltd. 
The Muthoot Group operates this division on a large scale. Established in 1939, The plantations grow cardamom, tea, coconut and rubber. The division also undertakes a number of eco-friendly initiatives.
Global Operations.
Muthoot Global is a part of Muthoot Group with presence in UAE, USA and UK, currently dealing in Gold Loans, Money Transfer, Travel & Tourism and eCommerce. UAE operations commenced in the year 2002, UK operations started in 2007 and USA in 2010. The Group plans to diversify its foreign operations to Singapore, Germany and other GCC countries in future. 
Philanthropy.
The Muthoot Group's corporate social responsibility efforts are directed towards proper sanitation, education, welfare of the lower income Group of the nation, health and technology and environmental awareness and conservation. The Muthoot Group's Charitable actions/events are all conducted by the Muthoot M George Foundation. 
With the assistance of the Credai Clean City Movement, the foundation is associated with the concept of E-toilets, which was a public sanitation initiative. Additionally, it holds regular agricultural seminars by the name of "Ente Adukkalathottum" or "My Kitchen Garden" which educates farmers on the effects of pesticide residues in food and how to counter that for healthier living. It has also been actively involved in helping cancer patients as well as those suffering from kidney diseases by footing the medical expenses of the truly needy. 
Muthoot Finance, via The Muthoot M George Foundation, in collaboration with CII's Young Indians programme, runs the Kochi Chapter for “Horn Not Ok Please”; an initiative which raises awareness on the harmful effects of vehicular noise pollution. Furthermore, The Foundation has launched a Centre for Promoting/Creating Road Traffic Awareness at the office of the Asst. Commissioner of Police in Kochi to help raise awareness about road safety and the prevention of traffic accidents.
Environment research foundation.
The Periyar Foundation set up by Muthoot Hotels is based in the town of Thekkady, near the Periyar National Park has undertaken several projects for the conservation of the national park including 'vasantha sena' and a research study along with the National Institute of Advance Studies for the conservation of 'Nocturnal Flying Squirrels'.

</doc>
<doc id="18783748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783748" title="Eva Pflug">
Eva Pflug

Eva Pflug ( – ) was a German film and television actress, as well as a voice actress. Born in Leipzig, she was well known for her work on the first German science fiction television series, "Raumpatrouille Orion", during the 1960s.
Life.
Eva Pflug was born on June 12, 1929 in Leipzig. After her first film, "The Council of the Gods" (1950), she worked in Helmut Käutner's "Schinderhannes" with Curd Jürgens. In the first Edgar-Wallace film "Der Frosch mit der Maske" (1959), she had a small part as a night club singer. Three years later, Pflug was to be seen in the Francis Durbridge cliffhanger "Das Halstuch" (1962). After that, she contributed to "Tim Frazer - Der Fall Salinger" (1964) and "Wie ein Blitz".
Her first major part on a TV series was that of secretary Steffi in "Slim Callaghan greift ein" alongside Viktor de Kowa.
After guest roles in the TV series "Die Fünfte Kolonne" and "Das Kriminalmuseum", Pflug was offered the role which made her career—Tamara Jagellovsk in the first German science-fiction TV series, "Raumpatrouille Orion (1966)". As Jagellovsk, she would become an icon of feminism.
After her role in "Raumpatrouille", Pflug sporadically appeared in various television roles, such as in "Graf Yoster gibt sich die Ehre", "Dem Täter auf der Spur", and "Ein Fall für Zwei". Eva Pflug started accepting more engagements; she travelled to Basel, München, Köln, Frankfurt, and Berlin, and festivals in Heppenheim, Jagsthausen, and Ettlingen.
This time, she played in more 'classical' main roles, among them Goethe's Gretchen in "Faust" and Martha in Kleist's "Der zerbrochene Krug". For her role in Brecht's "Mutter Courage" in 1986, she was given the grand prize in the Bad Hersfelder Festival. Furthermore, she played Shaw's "Die heilige Johanna", and Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream".
Between 1980 and 1985, she appeared about 700 times on stage in popular comedies alongside Paul Hubschmid.
As a voice actress she dubbed Julie Christie ("Dr. Zhivago"), Ursula Andress ("Casino Royale"), Anne Bancroft ("The Graduate"), Eva Marie Saint ("North by Northwest") and Susan Flannery ("The Bold and the Beautiful").
Pflug died on August 5, 2008 at her home in Grünwald, Bavaria.

</doc>
<doc id="18783769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783769" title="Yurii Dmitrievich Sokolov">
Yurii Dmitrievich Sokolov

Yurii Dmitrievich Sokolov (; May 26, 1896 – February 2, 1971) was a Soviet mathematician.
Biography.
Sokolov was born on May 26, 1896 in Labinskaya Stanitsa (now Labinsk), Russia. He studied at Kiev Institute of Peoples Education and graduated in 1921. He taught at the Applied Mathematics Division of the Academy. He completed his PhD from Kiev University. His doctorate advisor was Dmitry Grave. His doctorate thesis was in the area of mechanics of particles.
After completing his PhD, Sokolov taught at the Institute of Mathematics at the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine. He also taught at many other institutions in Kiev. 
Sokolov died on February 2, 1971 in Kiev, Ukraine, USSR.
Research.
Sokolov did research on the "n"-body problem for nearly 50 years. He summarized his work in the 1951 book "Singular trajectories of a system of free material points" (Russian). He did research on functional equations and on such practical problems as the filtration of groundwater. He also did research on celestial mechanics and hydromechanics. 
Sokolov is also known for 'the averaging method with functional corrections' or 'the Sokolov method'. This method is for finding approximate solutions to differential and integral equations. 
Sokolov wrote the book "The method of averaging of functional corrections" (1967), in which he summaries his many important work. He wrote the book at an elementary level. First part of the book discusses applications of his method to problems which can be modelled by linear integral equations with constant limits. A number of different sufficient conditions for the approximations to converge and presents error estimates were given. The next three parts of the book first examines the problems which can be modelled by nonlinear integral equations with constant limits and then extend the analysis to the situation where the upper limit is variable. In the final part of the book, Sokolov's methods to integral equations of mixed type are examined. He also presented some generalizations of the method in a number of appendices.
Righteous Among the Nations.
For the rescue of Jewish mathematician Semen Zukhovitskii during the German occupation of Kiev Yurii Sokolov and his wife Mariya were entered in the list "Just people of the World".

</doc>
<doc id="18783774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783774" title="Fatima el-Sharif">
Fatima el-Sharif

Sayyida Fatima el-Sharif (Arabic: فاطمة الشريف; after marriage Fatima as-Senussi, or "Fatima Al-Shifa Al-Sinousi"; ca. 1911 – 3 October 2009), was Queen consort of King Idris I of Libya until the overthrow of the monarchy in 1969.
Early life.
Fatima el-Sharif was born in Libya in 1911, the only daughter of Sayyid Ahmed Sharif es Senussi, the former chief of the Senussi religious order. Her father was active in resistance toward the colonial forces. In 1929, she was forced to flee on camel to Egypt from Marchal Graziani. In 1931, she married her relative Idris al-Senussi, then Prince of Cyrenaica and her father's successor, in Siwa. Their only son died in 1953 aged one day old.
Queenship.
Upon her husband's accession as King of Libya in 1951, Fatima became Queen. In 1954, her nephew assassinated Idris' advisor Ibrahim al-Shelhi because of a rumour that Shelhi had convinced the King to divorce Fatima in favour of a marriage with his own daughter. Idris then ordered the execution of Fatima's nephew. When Idris decided to obey the demands to remarry in order to have an heir, Fatima selected two women as prospective brides: he chose neither of them, but instead an Egyptian heir appointed by his premier Alia Abdel Kader Lamloum, whom he married in 1955. As there was no divorce, Fatima however refused to leave the royal residence in Tobruk, and after a couple of months, she and Idris reconciled.
Post-revolution and death.
Fatima was in Turkey with her spouse at the time of Muammar Gaddafi's revolution in 1969. She lived in Cairo from the overthrow of the royal government on 1 September 1969 until her death. Fatima was later tried "in absentia" by the Libyan People's Court and sentenced in November 1971 to five years in prison and seizure of her assets. Her house in Tripoli was returned to her in 2007.
Fatima died on 3 October 2009 in Cairo, aged 98.
Personality.
The relationship between Queen Fatima and King Idris is described as a mutually happy one, and they became foster-parents to several children of relatives, as well their adopted daughter Suleima, whose father had been killed fighting against France. Fatima was described as humorous and tactful, with an ability to make people relax, especially children. She also was a most loyal supporter of Idris, with a simple but elegant style. Fatima also became a role model for a new way of life for the women of Libya by her role as a queen. Fatima neither wore a veil, nor did she live in seclusion; as a queen, she played a visible role in society, and was present regularly at various public events.

</doc>
<doc id="18783783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783783" title="Milutin Ivković">
Milutin Ivković

Dr. Milutin Ivković () (March 1, 1906 – 23 May 1943) was a Serbian football defender who played for Yugoslavia at 1928 Summer Olympics and FIFA World Cup 1930. Ivković played as a right-back and was known as Milutinac.
Biography.
Born March 3, 1906 in Belgrade, he was shot by nazis during World War II on 23 May 1943 in Jajinci (near Belgrade) during World War II.
Known for his great personality, a footballer, one of the best fullbacks in the history of Yugoslav football, he was also a doctor and a communist political activist during World War II.
He started playing football in the youth team of SK Jugoslavija, and became a regular senior player for the club between 1922 and 1929 playing a total of 235 matches. Towards the end of his career he moved to another Belgrade club, BASK. Belgrade for the national team played 42 games, one fewer than the recorder, Moša Marjanović. He played the two games for the "B" team (1927–1928).
He wore Yugoslav national team jersey dress 39 times. He made his debut on October 28, 1925 against Czechoslovakia (0-7 defeat) in Prague, and last match for the national team was played on December 16, 1934 against France (2-3 defeat) in Paris. He participated in the first 1930 FIFA World Cup in Montevideo and provided a brilliant match against Brazil (2-1 win).
To this day lives an unforgeatble memory of his great exhibitions in 1927 against Romania (3-0 win) in Bucharest, the same year against Czechoslovakia (1-1) in Belgrade, in 1929 against France (3-1) in Paris and in Belgrade in 1931 against Hungary (3-2) and Czechoslovakia (2-1).
In 1934 in Belgrade he graduated in the Faculty of Medicine and after completing his military service he opened office in Belgrade. At the request of friends, his last football appearance was on May 6, 1943 on the occasion of the 40th anniversary of the major club from that period, BSK Belgrade.
He was raised in a patriotic family, his mother Milica was the granddaughter of the legendary Serbian Field Marshal, Vojvoda Radomir Putnik. Milutin Ivković was also known for his patriotism and he joined the Progressive Movement and was one of the leaders of the Action for a boycott of the Olympic Games in Berlin. On June 1938 he became the editor of "Mladost", launched at the initiative of the Communist Youth League, and during the occupation, he cooperated with the national liberation movement. He was persecuted and on several occasions arrested and prosecuted. On May 24, 1943 at 23:45 hours he was arrested and the next day at Jajinci he was shot for communist activities.
The Football Association of Serbia set up in 1951 a plaque in the JNA Stadium (currently, FK Partizan stadium) and a street next to the Red Star Stadium (former playground of SK Jugoslavija) bears his name. Additionally, a monument of authory of Vladimir Jokanović, was erected in the outskirts of the same stadium and will be inaugurated on May 16, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18783786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783786" title="1959–60 Milli Lig">
1959–60 Milli Lig

The 1959–60 Milli Lig was the second season of professional football in Turkey. The league consisted of 20 clubs, with Beşiktaş J.K. winning their first championship.
Overview.
The original sixteen clubs of the 1959 Milli Lig took part in the 1959–60 edition, along with newly promoted Kasımpaşa, Şeker Hilal, Altınordu, and Feriköy. Beşiktaş won their first league title, winning 11 matches by a 1-0 margin, a record at the time. Metin Oktay finished top scorer with 33 goals. Clubs weren't relegated directly, but instead took part in the Baraj Maçları, a competition between the top four amateur clubs and the bottom three Milli Lig clubs.
Altınordu finished first in the Baraj Maçları, allowing them to stay in the Milli Lig. Hacettepe and Adalet weren't successful, earning relegation to the Ankara and Istanbul professional leagues respectively. Adana Demirspor and PTT earned promotion to the Milli Lig. Adana Demirspor would become the first club from outside of the big three cities (Ankara, Istanbul, and İzmir) to compete in the Milli Lig during the following season.

</doc>
<doc id="18783790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783790" title="1960–61 Milli Lig">
1960–61 Milli Lig

The 1960–61 Milli Lig was the third season of professional football in Turkey. The league consisted of 20 clubs, with Fenerbahçe winning their second title.
Overview.
Fenerbahçe won their second Milli Lig title after edging out rivals Galatasaray by one point. The previous years champion, Beşiktaş, finished in third. Fenerbahçe were the lone Turkish representatives at the 1961–62 European Cup, as Turkey did not send a team to the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup, and there was no cup competition held to send winners to the European Cup Winners' Cup. Metin Oktay finished top scorer for the third time in a row, scoring 36 goals, his highest tally to date.
The season marked the first time a club from outside of Ankara, Istanbul or İzmir competed; Adana Demirspor earned promotion to the league the previous season. Their stay did not last long, as they were relegated back to the Adana Regional League after finishing bottom of the table and finishing 4th in the Baraj Games. Adana Demirspor were the only club to be relegated and Yeşildirek G.K. were the only club to be promoted.

</doc>
<doc id="18783791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783791" title="Alex Zahara">
Alex Zahara

Alex Zahara is a Canadian actor and a voice actor.
Alex was born in Northern Alberta, and, according to his mother, has always enjoyed performing for others. He grew up loving the classics in acting, Bogart, Cagney, etc. Got involved with theatre while still in school, performing in a stage version of MASH. Took some time off to travel Europe and while lying on a beach in Greece, decided to go to Film School. Later, taught a class on "Acting for Teens" at the Vancouver Film School. Acquired his BFA from U of A and UBC. 

</doc>
<doc id="18783792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783792" title="1961–62 Milli Lig">
1961–62 Milli Lig

The 1961–62 Milli Lig was the fourth season of professional football in Turkey. The league consisted of 20 clubs, with Galatasaray winning their first title.
Overview.
Galatasaray won their first league title after previously finishing second place two times and third in 1959–60. The club qualified for the European Cup, while runners-up Fenerbahçe qualified for the Balkans Cup. Beşiktaş rounded out the top-three, while Altay were the other European representative, earning qualification to the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup. Fikri Elma of finished top scorer of the league, scoring 22 of Ankara Demirspor's 42 goals as they finished last in the league. 
Hacettepe and Beyoğluspor were promoted to the 1962–63 Milli Lig, while no clubs were relegated. Before the start of the season, it was decided only one club would be promoted from the Baraj Games in order to cut down the number of competing clubs from 20 to 18. However, after the Baraj Games, cities boycotted for their clubs to remain in the Milli Lig, and Prime Minister İsmet İnönü asked the Turkish Football Federation to allow these clubs to compete. The TFF allowed for five clubs – three already participating and two promoted from the regional leagues – to compete in the 1962–63 season. The TFF decided to create a second division the following season.

</doc>
<doc id="18783794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783794" title="1962–63 Milli Lig">
1962–63 Milli Lig

The 1962–63 Milli Lig was the fifth season of professional football in Turkey and the last year the top division in Turkey was named the Milli Lig. With the creation of the 2.Lig in 1963–64, the top-flight football division in Turkey would be re-branded as the 1.Lig. Galatasaray won their second league title.
Overview.
Galatasaray won their second title, becoming the first club to win back-to-back league titles. Beşiktaş finished runners-up, with Fenerbahçe rounding out the top three. Galatasaray qualified for the European Cup. With Galatasaray having already qualified for the European Cup, Turkish Cup runners-up Fenerbahçe were sent to compete in the European Cup Winners' Cup instead. Altay qualified for the Balkans Cup and the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup, and Beşiktaş qualified for the Balkans Cup. Metin Oktay finished top scorer with a total of 38 goals; 16 in the group stages and 22 in the finals.
A new format was put into place for this season only: the 22 clubs competing were split into two groups of 11. The top six clubs from each group qualified for the final group. Clubs finishing 7 to 9 qualified for the classification group, while clubs in 10th and 11th place were relegated to the newly created 2.Lig. The final group consisted of twelve clubs and was played as if it were a regular league, except no clubs were relegated. The clubs who qualified for the classification group played each other twice to decide who would be ranked from 13th to 18th place. Karagümrük, Şeker Hilal, Vefa, and Yeşildirek were relegated.
Final league table.
Classification group

</doc>
<doc id="18783799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783799" title="1963–64 1.Lig">
1963–64 1.Lig

The 1963–64 1.Lig was the sixth season of professional football in Turkey. The league was re-branded as the 1.Lig following the creation of a second division known as the 2.Lig. Fenerbahçe won their third title, becoming the first club to do so. Güven Önüt, forward for Beşiktaş, finished top scorer of the league with 19 goals. He was the first player in club history to finish top scorer.
Overview.
Fenerbahçe won their third top-flight title and Beşiktaş finished runners-up for the second time. Galatasaray rounded out the top three. Fenerbahçe qualified for the 1964–65 European Cup and Beşiktaş qualified for the Balkans Cup. Because Galatasaray had already qualified for the European Cup Winners' Cup, Göztepe took their place at the Inter–Cities Fairs Cup. No clues were promoted, while Karşıyaka, Beyoğluspor and Kasımpaşa were relegated.
The Turkish Football Federation claimed that the result of the Karşıyaka and Kasımpaşa match, which originally finished as a 4–0 win for Karşıyaka, was fixed beforehand. As a result, the TFF changed the win to a 0–3 loss for Karşıyaka. The change dropped Karsiyaka into the relegation zone, and they were relegated to the 2.Lig. Karşıyaka challenged the decision, and took the TFF to civil court. Two years later, the civil court overturned the TFF's ruling, and Karşıyaka were allowed to join the 1.Lig again in 1966–67.

</doc>
<doc id="18783807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783807" title="1964–65 1.Lig">
1964–65 1.Lig

The 1964–65 1.Lig was the seventh season of professional football in Turkey. Fenerbahçe won their fourth title, becoming the first club to win four league titles.
Overview.
Fenerbahçe qualified for the European Cup, while Turkish Cup winners Galatasaray qualified for the European Cup Winners' Cup. Göztepe qualified for participation at the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup. Metin Oktay finished top scorer with 17 goals, winning his fifth Gol Kralı award. Altınordu were the only club relegated, while newly promoted Şeker Hilal finished one point above relegation.

</doc>
<doc id="18783809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783809" title="1965–66 1.Lig">
1965–66 1.Lig

Statistics of Turkish First Football League in season 1965/1966.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Beşiktaş J.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783812" title="1966–67 1.Lig">
1966–67 1.Lig

Statistics of Turkish First Football League in season 1966/1967.
Overview.
It was performed in 17 teams, and Beşiktaş J.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783820" title="1967–68 1.Lig">
1967–68 1.Lig

Statistics of Turkish First Football League in season 1967/1968.
Overview.
It was performed in 17 teams, and Fenerbahçe S.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783825" title="1968–69 1.Lig">
1968–69 1.Lig

Statistics of Turkish First Football League in season 1968/1969.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Galatasaray S.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783826" title="1969–70 1.Lig">
1969–70 1.Lig

Statistics of Turkish First Football League in season 1969/1970.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Fenerbahçe S.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783832" title="1970–71 1.Lig">
1970–71 1.Lig

The following are the statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1970/1971.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Galatasaray S.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783838" title="1971–72 1.Lig">
1971–72 1.Lig

Statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1971/1972.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Galatasaray S.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783839" title="List of Trans-AMA motocross champions">
List of Trans-AMA motocross champions

The following is a list of Trans-AMA Champions, from 1970 to 1978. The championship was an international series established by the American Motorcyclist Association as a pilot event to help establish motocross in the United States. The series was based on a 500cc engine displacement formula, although the first year of the event featured both 250 and 500cc events. The races run on American tracks to international standards, featuring the top riders from the F.I.M. world championship against the top American riders. In 1970 and 1971, the highest placing American rider at the end of the series was considered the A.M.A. national champion. 
By 1978, American riders had improved to the point where it became more of a challenge for European riders to secure an easy victory. Since riders were paid based upon their results rather than starting money paid in European races, fewer European riders were motivated to make the costly trans-atlantic voyage. After 1978 the series was renamed the Trans-USA series, but had fewer European riders participating. The Inter-AMA series was a similar year-end championship, but used a 250cc engine displacement formula.

</doc>
<doc id="18783840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783840" title="Ken Chinn">
Ken Chinn

Kendall Stephen "Ken" Chinn (born on October 19, 1962 Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian punk rock lead vocalist and artist. He is best known, under the pseudonym Mr. Chi Pig, as the lead singer of the band SNFU. He currently resides in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Early life and career.
Born to German and Chinese parents, Chinn was the second youngest of twelve children. His early life entailed traumatic episodes related to his unstable family, including manifestations of what would later be diagnosed as schizophrenia. Despite this, he remained close to his siblings and parents, who were important influences. As a teenager, he developed interests in punk rock, skateboarding and art.
In 1981, Chinn began the punk rock band Live Sex Shows with Marc and Brent Belke, twin brothers whom he had met through the skateboarding subculture. The group was short-lived, but the three musicians next formed Society's No Fucking Use, better known by the acronym SNFU, late that year. The band rose in prominence in the Canadian hardcore punk community and ultimately became a formative influence for the skate punk sub-genre. In addition to singing, Chinn wrote the group's lyrics and provided much of the artwork used on their records, creating their sardonic aesthetic. He also served as an energetic and charismatic front man, incorporating masks, puppets and other props into the band's stage show. 
After releasing three LPs with a rotating rhythm section and embarking on extensive touring in North America and Europe, SNFU disbanded in 1989 due to in-fighting and general exhaustion.
Move to Vancouver; height of commercial success.
Chinn relocated to Vancouver and fronted a group called The Wongs, who debuted in 1990 and released an EP before disbanding the following year. Another short-lived group, Little Joe, followed soon thereafter. After moving to Vancouver, Chinn began what would become a long battle with various hard drugs. This period also marked the beginning of Chinn's open identification as a homosexual.
In late 1991, SNFU reformed for a reunion tour behind a rarities compilation record released to satisfy their contract with Cargo Records. The tour was successful, and the reinvigorated band properly reformed, and were signed to Epitaph Records in 1993. Their five years of activity with Epitaph resulted in three studio albums and the greatest industry prominence in the band's career: they enjoyed six-digit record sales and toured alongside successful punk rock acts like Green Day and Bad Religion.
Late in 1997, Epitaph opted against renewing the band's contract. This resulted in heavy band debt and the departure of Brent Belke and longtime drummer Dave Rees; the remaining members, however, kept the band active as a four-piece for the first time in its career while seeking a new recording contract. This era ultimately terminated after the departure of longtime bassist Rob Johnson and a resultant hiatus in 2001.
Personal struggles; third SNFU incarnation.
Chinn then formed the new group Slaveco. with Matt Warhurst and Shane Smith, both future members of SNFU, and Jay Black. SNFU returned to activity late in 2003, releasing an eighth studio album and touring subsequently before again disbanding in 2005 due to further exhaustion. Slaveco became inactive shortly thereafter, and Chinn spiraled into depression, poverty and addiction, which ultimately resulted in his homelessness. Nonetheless, Chinn at this time began work on an unfinished solo album in collaboration with other Vancouver musicians, including Johnson. 
Chinn and former SNFU bassist Ken Fleming, now on guitar, began playing sets of SNFU material with a new rhythm section in 2007 before deciding to officially reform the band. Later joined by early drummer Jon Card and several new members, this third incarnation of SNFU spent the next several years touring Europe, Canada and Central America while slowly amassing new material.
A biographical documentary film about Chinn entitled "Open Your Mouth and Say... Mr. Chi Pig" was released in March 2010. Produced by the Canadian company Prairie Coast Films and directed by Sean Patrick Shaul, the film reviews Chinn's life and career, containing interview footage with such notables as Jello Biafra of the Dead Kennedys, Brendan Canning of Broken Social Scene and Joey Keithley of D.O.A. citing SNFU's influence on them personally and the rock scene at large.
In 2011, Chinn suffered from severe pneumonia, and SNFU became fractured following various members' emigrations. Despite this, the group managed to tour the following year in support of the band's first official biography, Chris Walter's "...What No One Else Wanted to Say", released via GFY Press, and remained active thereafter. Chinn also began performing solo acoustic sets as DNFU (Distortion's No Fucking Use) in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18783842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783842" title="1972–73 1.Lig">
1972–73 1.Lig

Statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1972/1973.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Galatasaray S.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783845" title="1973–74 1.Lig">
1973–74 1.Lig

Statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1973/1974.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Fenerbahçe S.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783849" title="1974–75 1.Lig">
1974–75 1.Lig

Statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1974/1975.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Fenerbahçe S.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783851" title="1975–76 1.Lig">
1975–76 1.Lig

Statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1975/1976.
Overview.
Sixteen teams participated, and Trabzonspor won the championship, becoming the first team outside of Istanbul to win the league title.

</doc>
<doc id="18783853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783853" title="1976–77 1.Lig">
1976–77 1.Lig

Statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1976/1977.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Trabzonspor won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783855" title="1977–78 1.Lig">
1977–78 1.Lig

Statistics of Turkish First Football League in season 1977/1978.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Fenerbahçe S.K. won the championship. Ankaragücü and Mersin İdman Yurdu relegated to Second League. Turkish Cup winners Trabzonspor couldn't play in 1978-79 European Cup Winners' Cup because they were suspended.

</doc>
<doc id="18783858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783858" title="St. Michael's Cave">
St. Michael's Cave

St. Michael's Cave or Old St. Michael's Cave is the name given to a network of limestone caves located within the Upper Rock Nature Reserve in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar, at a height of over above sea level. According to Alonso Hernández del Portillo, the first historian of Gibraltar, its name is derived from a similar grotto in Monte Gargano near the Sanctuary of Monte Sant'Angelo in Apulia, Italy, where the archangel Michael is said to have appeared.
It is the most visited of the more than 150 caves found inside the Rock of Gibraltar, receiving almost 1,000,000 visitors a year.
History.
Creation.
The cave was created by rainwater slowly seeping through the limestone rock, turning into a weak carbonic acid which gradually dissolved the rock. Through this process, tiny cracks in The Rock's geological fault grew into long passages and large caverns over thousands of years. The numerous stalactites and stalagmites in the cave are formed by an accumulation of traces of dissolved rock deposited by water dripping from the ground above.
Prehistory.
In 1974 a Neolithic bowl was discovered in the cave, one of many examples which prove that the cave was known to prehistoric man. Another would be the recently discovered cave art depicting an ibex drawn in charcoal on one of the cave walls. It has been dated to the solutrean period (15,000 to 20,000 years ago) based on the style used. However, since two Neanderthal skulls have been discovered in Gibraltar, it is possible that they were among the first to set foot in the cave around 40,000 BC.
Ancient world.
The first factual description of the cave was written in 45 AD by Pomponius Mela, an Algeciras born geographer. He described Gibraltar as: A mountain with wonderful concavities, which has its western side almost opened by a large cave which may be penetrated far into the interior. However, the writings of Homer as well as artifacts discovered in the cave show that it was already well known to the ancient Greeks, Romans and Phoenicians.
Spanish period.
The name "Cueva de San Miguel" (the current English name is a direct translation of the Spanish toponym) is recorded by the Gibraltar's first historian, Alonso Hernández del Portillo, in his "Historia de la Muy Noble y Más Leal Ciudad de Gibraltar" (). In his work, Hernández del Portillo also suggests the caves name is taken from the similar grotto in Apulia, Italy.
18th century.
During the first century of the British period, there are some records of the attempt by the new owners of the Rock to change the name of the cave using the name of the English patron Saint, Saint George. However, the new name, St. George's Cave, was not successful and, although still used in the 19th century, has not remained in use, being replaced by its original name.
19th century.
During the Victorian era the cave was used as a venue for picnics, parties, concerts, weddings and even duels. The caves would be decorated for many of these events and even illuminated for distinguished visitors by soldiers who would perch on stalagmites with torches.
The first official archaeological excavation of the cave was carried out in 1867 by the Governor of the military prison, Captain Brome. He discovered numerous prehistoric artifacts such as stone axes and arrow heads, shell jewelry, bone needles as well as a large collection of pottery. Despite his archeological efforts, Brome's unauthorised use of prisoners' labour eventually cost him his job.
Officers looking for adventure during quiet times of service, would pass their time exploring the many passages within the cave system. Sometime before 1840, Colonel Mitchell accompanied by a second officer got lost in the caves and were never seen again. Their disappearance led to extensive explorations of the cave system in 1840, 1857 and 1865, but no evidence of the officers' whereabouts was found. Further exploration was carried out between 1936 and 1938, when a scientific expedition was mounted and every known part of the cave system was explored but again no human remains were found.
Military use.
It is believed that St. Michael's Cave has had a military use since the Berber general Tariq ibn Ziyad led the Umayyad conquest of Hispania in 711 AD. This is assumed due to the defensive wall of Moorish origin which protected the cave's entrance until recently.
Just after Gibraltar's capture by Anglo-Dutch forces in 1704, 500 Spanish troops concealed themselves within the cave overnight after having ascended through a path led by goatherd Simón Susarte, before an unsuccessful attempt to surprise the garrison.
World War II.
During World War II the entire cave was prepared for use as an emergency military hospital. It was never used as such.
New St. Michael's Cave.
In 1942, it was decided that an alternate entrance was required to improve air circulation within the emergency hospital in the lower chambers of the cave, as well as to serve as an emergency exit in case of airstrike. Whilst blasting the rock in order to create the extra opening, another deeper system of caves known as "New St. Michael's Cave" (sometimes referred to as "Lower St. Michael's Cave") were discovered. The series of descending chambers are riddled with examples of almost all known cave formations, including an underground lake of crystal clear water.
Present day.
Auditorium.
The largest of the chambers, named the "Cathedral Cave", currently serves as an auditorium. It was converted due to the chamber's natural acoustic properties, which according to experts, enhances and blends tones into a uniform and faithful rendition of sound. It is equipped with a concrete stage and has a seating capacity of over 100.
It has been a regular venue for events such as dramas and son et lumière shows as well as the annual Miss Gibraltar beauty pageant. The cave is also used to hold concerts of all music genres, from operas and philharmonic orchestras to pop and rock. Notable acts who have performed in the cave include Steve Hogarth and Breed 77.
Tourism.
Presently the cave is one of Gibraltar's top tourist attractions and is open daily to the public receiving almost 1,000,000 visitors a year. The cave formations are colourfully lit and visitors can read displays documenting the caves' history.
St. Michael's Cave can be reached by car, taxi, cable car or by foot. Tickets include entrance to two of the other major tourist sites on The Rock: the Moorish Castle and the Great Siege Tunnels.
Guided tours of "Lower St. Michael's Cave" can also be arranged through the Gibraltar Tourist Board. The cave is in a completely natural state, although fully lit and kitted out with ropes to aid minor climbing and scrambling. Safety helmets are provided and comfortable non-slip shoes are recommended.

</doc>
<doc id="18783861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783861" title="1978–79 1.Lig">
1978–79 1.Lig

Statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1978/1979.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Trabzonspor won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783865" title="1979–80 1.Lig">
1979–80 1.Lig

Statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1979/1980.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Trabzonspor won the championship. The top goal scorer was known as "The Matador" for the '79 series.

</doc>
<doc id="18783869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783869" title="1980–81 1.Lig">
1980–81 1.Lig

Statistics of Turkish First Football League in season 1980/1981.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Trabzonspor won the championship. 1981–82 European Cup Winners' Cup spot goes to Second League team Ankaragücü, who was also promoted and went back to 1. Lig at the end of the 1980/81 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18783877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783877" title="Circle officer">
Circle officer

A circle officer (CO) is a police officer of the rank of deputy superintendent of police (DSP) or assistant commissioner of police (ACP) heading an independent police sub-division in the states of Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh in India. In other states the officer of the same rank is also designated simply as deputy superintendent of police or sub-divisional police officer (SDPO). In metropolitan cities or cities where the police force is headed by a police commissioner, the officer of the same rank of deputy superintendent of police is designated as or assistant commissioner of police.
Recruitment.
Recruitment to this rank is made either directly or by promotion. The State Public Service Commissions conduct the State Civil Services Examination periodically to recruit police officers directly to this rank. Another manner of recruitment is by recruiting the officers who have risen through the junior ranks to the rank of the circle officer or deputy superintendent of police or assistant commissioner of police.

</doc>
<doc id="18783879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783879" title="1981–82 1.Lig">
1981–82 1.Lig

The following are the statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1981/1982.
Overview.
It was performed in 17 teams, and Beşiktaş J.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783883" title="1982–83 1.Lig">
1982–83 1.Lig

The following are the statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1982/1983.
Overview.
It was performed in 18 teams, and Fenerbahçe S.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783886" title="John Holt (15th-century judge)">
John Holt (15th-century judge)

John Holt (died 1418) was an English judge of the common pleas who was a native and landowner of Northamptonshire. His name occurs in the year-books from 1366, the fortieth year of Edward III, onwards.
Life.
In 1377, the last year of the reign of Edward III, he became a King's Serjeant. He was appointed a judge of the common pleas in 1383 (Cal. Rot. Parl. p. 208), and at Christmas 1384 he was made a Knight banneret. On 25 Aug. 1387 he was summoned to attend the king at Nottingham and concurred with his colleagues in pronouncing illegal the proceedings of the last parliament, which had appointed a permanent council. For this expression of opinion he was on 3 February 1388 arrested while sitting in court, and on 2 March was put on his trial. He pleaded that he had been compelled to give that opinion by the threats of the Archbishop of York and of the Earl of Suffolk, but he was found guilty by parliament. Upon the intercession of the prelates, his life was spared, and his sentence commuted to banishment for life to Ireland, an allowance of forty marks being made him for his residence at Drogheda. In 1391 his manors were granted to his son John, but in January 1397 parliament remitted his banishment, and in the following year his sentence was reversed and his land was restored. The deposition of Richard II prevented him from recovering the lands. In the second year of the following reign he presented a petition for their restoration, which was granted, but many of them having been granted away in the interim he was compelled to allow the grantees such compensation as the council should think reasonable, and on these terms his lands were restored to him, and passed to his son Hugh on his death in 1418.

</doc>
<doc id="18783888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783888" title="History of Kirkcaldy">
History of Kirkcaldy

Kirkcaldy () is a former royal burgh and town. Known as one of Scotland's ""most ancient burghs"", the area
surrounding the modern town has a long history dating as far back between 2500 BC and 500 BC as a possible funerary landscape.
The town began as a burgh under the control of Dunfermline Abbey. A harbour built around the east burn gradually led to the growth of the town surrounding the harbour itself, main street and Tiel burn following the demand of trade with the Baltic. Early industries which soon prospered included the production of textiles, nailmaking and salt panning. The Industrial Revolution of the 19th and 20th centuries proved to be the most famous period for the town which saw the introduction of linoleum. Originally developed in the town as floorcloth, this was quickly dominated by the Michael Nairn & Co but did not become popular across a worldwide scale until the beginning of the 20th century.
Origin and Name.
The name Kirkcaldy means "place of the hard fort", or "place of Caled's fort". It is derived from the Pictish "caer" meaning "fort", "caled", which is Pictish "hard" or a personal name "Caled", and "–in", a suffix meaning "place of". "Caled" may describe the fort itself or be an epithet for a local "hard" ruler. An interpretation of the last element as "din" (again "fort" but this time from Gaelic) rather than "–in" is incorrect. The Old Statistical Account states a derivation from culdee, which has been repeated in later publications but is also incorrect.
The earliest written form of the name, from the Charters of David I in 1128, is as the shire of "Kircalethyn"; with subsequent forms including "Kircaldin", "Kirkaladinit", "Kerkalethin"; and the earliest close approximation to the current name, as "Kircaldy", appearing in 1250. Kirkcaldy has long been nicknamed the ""Lang Toun"" (Scots for "long town") in reference to the (0.9 meters later 4 meters) main street of the early town, depicted so on maps as early as the 16th and 17th centuries.
The area surrounding the modern town may have been used as a funerary landscape, with discovery of eleven Bronze Age cist burials overlooking the leaning sandy bay as early as 2500 BC and 500 BC.
Early history.
One of the earliest historical events in the vicinity of the town was the Battle of Raith in 596 AD, where the Angles fought an alliance of Scots, Picts and Britons led by King Áedán mac Gabráin of Dál Riata. Towards the end of the 11th century the Scottish king Malcolm II purchased the shire of "Kirkaladunt" from the crown lords of Fife to be given to the monks of Dunfermline Abbey as a means of aiding the funding of their newly built church which saw residents pay annual revenues.
Two charters for what became known as the "schyre of Kircalethin" and "schire of Kirkcaladinit" were devised in 1128 and 1130 by David I on behalf of his father, but the location of the town and shire was not indicated. A reference to Kirkcaldy in 1182, is the only indication in the 12th century that it was regarded as a town. In 1304 the abbot of Dunfermline requested permission from King Edward I of England (Scotland being under occupation in this period) to hold a weekly market and annual fair (the latter is the basis of the modern Links Market) in this ""most ancient of burghs"". Edward I of England simply referred to the town as a "manor". Burgh of barony status was granted by Robert I between 1315 and 1328, under the control of the abbey. The town, for the first time, now had the right to trade with the Low Countries, the Baltic states, England and Northern France. The late 14th century saw David II request a regality charter for Kirkcaldy and nearby hinterland from Dunfermline Abbey for trading purposes within the boundary. By the middle of the 15th century, the town gained independence from the abbey with the ability to now deal with administrative issues and fiscal policies from the passing of feu-ferme status.
Growth and development.
Kirkcaldy, unlike most Scottish towns, had no stone wall. The town, instead relied on the sea acting as a shelter, which still could have left the town vulnerable to attack. The construction of Ravenscraig Castle lowered the risk, with the process of small walls or "heid dykes" built on rigs to the west of the High Street. The majority of the dykes contained small gates for the benefit of the town crofts and burgesses, who were responsible for their protection and maintenance. Three main gates became the focus point of the burgh, which were situated in East Port, West Port and near the Old Kirk on Kirk Wynd.
Kirkcaldy harbour was acknowledged for having "a sheltered cove round the East Burn", thus giving easy accessibility for boats. By the early 16th century the vessels of the harbour had begun to engage in trade with the Baltic; later dealing with the import of grain in 1618 and continental beer in 1625. A shipbuilding trade also existed on the site until this was phased out temporarily in 1645. The success led to the growth of the burgh, surrounding the harbour, Main Street and Tiel (West) burn, commented on by Thomas Carlyle. During his stay he described the town as being "a mile of the smoothest sand, with one long wave coming on gently, steadily, and breaking into a gradual explosion beautifully sounding, and advancing, ran from the South to the North, from the West Burn to Kirkcaldy Harbour, a favourite scene beautiful to me still in the faraway".
Royal burgh status was problematic with the loss of the original charter, which had been noted in the conventions of royal burghs in 1582. However, it is noteworthy that Charles II granted Kirkcaldy royal burgh status in 1644, leaving nine acres of land to the town suitable "for dying and bleaching of linen, drying of clothes, recreation and perpetuity".
Although difficult times ahead threatened to beset the development of the town, local support for the Covenanting War (1644–65) led to the death of over 250 men. Later in the civil wars, during the mid–17th century, Oliver Cromwell’s troops came to the town to seek riches and nearly destroyed the town. The treasure was eventually found by Cromwell in Dundee when they were moved to from the burgh for "safe-keeping". The burgh was also affected by the Highland Jacobite rebellion invading the town on two occasions during the 18th century on 1715 and again in 1745–46.
Afterwards, the town became a home for leather making; a brick and tile works; a spinning cotton mill and the first power spinning mill and linen factories in Fife. The shipbuilding industry was also resurrected which, by the end of the century, had built 26 square riggers in total, one sloop and two ferries. Construction of a turnpike road from the Pettycur ferry to Cupar and beyond was submitted in 1790 which, while only being a piece to improve Fife’s isolated road system, also helped to strength Kirkcaldy’s position in Fife.
Industrial Revolution.
As Kirkcaldy entered into the 19th century, the arrival of the Kirkcaldy and District Railway, later to become part of the North British Railway, saw the town develop into the industrial heart of Fife—reviving the use of Kirkcaldy port, which had a severe setback during the mid–17th century.
The harbour was catering for the growing trade of imports of flax, timber and hemp and exports of coal, salt and linen cloth, when a decision was made to build a new wet dock and pier from 1843–46. The subsequent demands for linoleum and coal led to a further extension from 1906–08 in the form of an inner dock.
Kirkcaldy became a centre for iron founding and linen manufacturing—specialising in coarser material (i.e. sailcloth). Although when the market for sail cloth started to dip, Michael Nairn for instance began to focus more towards floorcloth, which he started to produce in his new purpose built Scottish floorboard factory at Pathhead Sands, famously nicknamed "Nairn’s folly" for what would become universally known as linoleum. Linoleum was first introduced by the Scottish Linoleum Company (later Barry, Ostlere and Shepherd), due to the expired patent of Frederick Walton in 1877. Although the Michael Nairn & Co Ltd have since become famous, for their Trade Mark and being the world producers of the cloth. The cloth made from cork, wood flour and linseed oil, saw production conicide with the jute mills of Dundee - with some already present in the town, particularly the West Bridges Mill in Linktown. This made Kirkcaldy easily recognisable from "the queer-like smell" of the odour of one of the principal ingredients, linseed oil. The Nairns, as a family, became philanthropists bequeathing land for public and commercial use, over the course of several decades, as "good deeds" to the citizens of Kirkcaldy, with examples such as two public parks (Beveridge and Ravenscraig) and a museum, art gallery and library complex. Other industries such as coal, pottery, flour, malt, printing, light electrical engineering and furniture manufacturing flourished. Carpets, whose production coincided with linoleum, were also made in the town for a brief time by the firm Victoria Carpets until they moved their production to Kidderminster in 1901. The burghs of Pathhead, Linktown, Gallatown and Sinclairtown were also officially merged into the royal burgh of Kirkcaldy in 1876.
By the middle of the 20th century, the production of both pottery and salt drew to a close. Around this time, also saw the development of the esplanade (from an unemployment scheme); the first council houses and the merging of Dysart into Kirkcaldy under an act of parliament in 1930.
Further expansions of the town were to the north-west on B-class farm land (Hayfield, Boreland, Pathhead Muir, Dunnikier, Templehall, Mitchleson and Chapel) between 1930 and 1950.
Post-War development.
A housing crisis arose in the town at the end of the Second World War. New residential and private housing estates to the north-west, multi-storey flats and the redevelopment of areas such as Sinclairtown and Linktown occurred between the 1950s and 1960s. Several primary schools such as Valley, Fair Isle, Dunearn and Torbain were also built to serve these new estates (with Capshard being a latter addition in the early 1970s). Provision was given to new junior secondaries (Templehall and Balwearie); a new Catholic secondary (St Andrews) and the re-location of Kirkcaldy High School to Pathhead muir on the north side of the town. During the middle of the 1950s, construction began of a new hospital - on the site of the Fever hospital and sanatorium - to replace the cramped facilities of the cottage hospital situated to the east of the town. The late 1950s saw a new bus station open on a site north of the town centre to relieve the existing one on The Promenade (which continued to deal only with country routes until this was phased out in 1980). There was speculation that the town could grow around the 55,000 to 60,000 mark by 1970. This never materialised when the decline of linoleum in the mid-1960s - with the closure of the linoleum firm, Barry, Ostlere and Shepherd, shocking the town in particular - saw the population of the town fall. To try to combat this, deep mining was commissioned at Seafield in 1954 by the National Coal Board to help reduce the impact of job losses, it later closed in 1988, after a tug of war between the National Union of Mineworkers and the Conservative Government. Kirkcaldy harbour, which had once been vital to the town’s well being, suffered its own fate when it was closed permanently in 1992 to main traffic.
Today.
There are still links to distinguish Kirkcaldy's former past. For example, a reference to the aura of the linseed oil—which produced a "queer–like smell"—used to make linoleum, is acknowledged in the poem, "boy on a train" by MC Smith.
The two most famous lines are:
This can be seen on a sheet of linoleum in the waiting room of the south platform of Kirkcaldy Railway Station, which was donated by Forbo Nairn.
Nowadays, Kirkcaldy remains a busy town for the surrounding areas complete with modernised secondary schools; two campuses of the Adam Smith College and prime shopping facilities in the town centre and Sinclairtown. The town also hosts the annual Links Market commonly known as "Europe's longest street fair". The production of linoleum still continues to this day, despite being on a vastly reduced scale and now in Swiss ownership. The company, which has since become known as "forbo nairn" has also diversfied into the production of vinyl floor tiles and marmoleum for which the latter is now their speciality. The construction of a retail and business park, to the north–west of the town centre has also opened in the last decade. The town has also been the site for recent housing developments as seen in Seafield, Chapel and the harbour. More housing developments are being anticipated over the course of the next 20 years, which will see 1700 homes to the east, in use as open cast mines at present, and another 1200 homes to the south–east, overlooking the former A92, known locally as the Quarry Road. Other future plans proposed by Fife Council will include replacing the 89-year-old sea wall on the promenade; starting up the delayed hovercraft service and building a replacement secondary school for Viewforth to serve the east side of "Kirkcaldy".

</doc>
<doc id="18783889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783889" title="1983–84 1.Lig">
1983–84 1.Lig

The following are the statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1983/1984.
Overview.
Eighteen teams participated, and Trabzonspor won the championship. Trabzonspor have not won a league title since then.

</doc>
<doc id="18783891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783891" title="Kouendi">
Kouendi

Kouendi is a town in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,407.

</doc>
<doc id="18783892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783892" title="1984–85 1.Lig">
1984–85 1.Lig

The following are the statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1984/1985.
Overview.
It was performed in 18 teams, and Fenerbahçe S.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783894" title="1985–86 1.Lig">
1985–86 1.Lig

The following are the statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1985/1986.
Overview.
Nineteen clubs participated, and Beşiktaş J.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783895" title="7S">
7S

7S may refer to :
7s, 7's or 7"s may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18783898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783898" title="1986–87 1.Lig">
1986–87 1.Lig

Statistics of Turkish First Football League in season 1986/1987.
Overview.
It was performed in 19 teams, and Galatasaray S.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783902" title="1987–88 1.Lig">
1987–88 1.Lig

Statistics of Turkish First Football League in season 1987/1988.
Overview.
It was performed in 20 teams, and Galatasaray S.K. won the championship. Denizlispor, Kocaelispor, Gençlerbirliği and Zonguldakspor relegated to Second League.
It was also significant as the first season where clubs were awarded 3 points for victories. In previous years a victory had earned the winning club only 2 points.

</doc>
<doc id="18783903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783903" title="Köf">
Köf

Köf may refer to one of a series of small German locomotives or "Kleinlokomotiven" including:

</doc>
<doc id="18783906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783906" title="1988–89 1.Lig">
1988–89 1.Lig

Statistics of Turkish First Football League in season 1988/1989.
Overview.
It was contested by 20 teams, and Fenerbahçe S.K. won the championship. Samsunspor were involved in a tragic bus accident during the season . Many of the team's players and coaches were killed, for this reason, they were unable to play their last 18 matches . All these matches were awarded 3-0 default win for Samsunspor's opponents. Samsunspor were, however, not relegated at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="18783909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783909" title="Kotougouni">
Kotougouni

Kotougouni is a village in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 621.

</doc>
<doc id="18783911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783911" title="Riccarton Junction railway station">
Riccarton Junction railway station

Riccarton Junction, in the county of Roxburghshire in the Scottish Borders, was a railway village and station. In its heyday it had 118 residents and its own school, post office and grocery store. The station existed solely as an interchange between the Border Counties Railway branch to Hexham and the North British Railway's (NBR's) Border Union Railway (also known as the Waverley Route). 
History.
The settlement of Riccarton, which adjoins the station, consisted, in 1959, of around thirty houses, with at least one member of each household working for British Railways, which had a civil engineer's depot near the station. Remarkably there was no road access until a forest track was built in 1963, all access until then being by rail. The isolated position of Riccarton and the need to provide for the villagers may have been one reason why the station remained open until the late 1960s, as by this time ordinary public traffic was virtually non-existent. The branch line from Riccarton Junction to Kielder and Hexham was closed 15 October 1956. The Waverley Route was closed on 6 January 1969.
Reuse (and Preservation).
Track panels were re-laid by the now wound-up Friends of Riccarton Junction, but these were later lifted in 2010. 
The Waverley Route Heritage Association have since reconstructed a section of track between Whitrope Siding and Tunnel as a heritage railway; this is not connected to the site at Riccarton itself. The association, having secured a three-year lease on the two-mile section to the site, are aiming to restore this section of the former route from its base at Whitrope down the line into the Junction as the southern terminus of the preserved line.
In the Media.
Ian Nairn visited Riccarton Junction railway station three years after its closing in his 1972 programme Nairn Across Britain: From Leeds Into Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="18783917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783917" title="Noumousso">
Noumousso

Noumousso is a village in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 776.

</doc>
<doc id="18783924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783924" title="Pima, Burkina Faso">
Pima, Burkina Faso

Pima is a village in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 831.

</doc>
<doc id="18783932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783932" title="Sampobien">
Sampobien

Sampobien is a town in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,727.

</doc>
<doc id="18783937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783937" title="Tanga, Burkina Faso">
Tanga, Burkina Faso

Tanga, Burkina Faso is a village in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 447.

</doc>
<doc id="18783941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783941" title="1989–90 1.Lig">
1989–90 1.Lig

Statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1989/1990.
Overview.
It was performed in 18 teams, and Beşiktaş J.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783943" title="Tiefindougou">
Tiefindougou

Tiefindougou is a village in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 874.

</doc>
<doc id="18783944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783944" title="1990–91 1.Lig">
1990–91 1.Lig

Statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1990/1991.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Beşiktaş J.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783946" title="1991–92 1.Lig">
1991–92 1.Lig

The following are the statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1991/1992.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Beşiktaş J.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783947" title="Tomodjan">
Tomodjan

Tomodjan is a town in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,324.

</doc>
<doc id="18783950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783950" title="1992–93 1.Lig">
1992–93 1.Lig

The following are the statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1992/1993.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Galatasaray S.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783953" title="Yade">
Yade

Yade is a town in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,516.

</doc>
<doc id="18783954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783954" title="1993–94 1.Lig">
1993–94 1.Lig

The following are the statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1993-1994.
Overview.
Sixteen teams took part and Galatasaray S.K. won the championship. The teams Karabükspor, Karsiyaka and Sariyer got relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="18783960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783960" title="Kortrijk City Hall">
Kortrijk City Hall

The City Hall (Dutch: ) of Kortrijk is situated on the main square of the Belgian city of Kortrijk/Courtray. The facade of the late-Gothic, early Renaissance city hall is adorned with the statues of the Counts of Flanders.
History.
As early as the 14th century, Kortrijk possessed a town hall, which was, however, completely gutted down by the French army after the victory at Westrozebeke in 1382.
In 1420, a larger town hall was built in High Gothic style . The pointed arches in the hall on the ground-flour and upstairs are the only remnants of that building.
The present city hall was erected about 1520 in a style composed of Gothic and Renaissance elements. It was considerably larger than its predecessor. The front was gilded and polychromed (as the front of the Brussels town hall still is). <br>
In 1526, statues of the principal Counts of Flanders were put into niches, which so far had housed prophets' statues. In 1616 the town hall was once more enlarged, with a part of the front in the extant style.
From the end of the 17th and throughout the 18th centuries, the front underwent a series of alterations and mutilations. They did not hesitate to set up a pillory against it.
In 1807, during the French occupation, the statues and their canopies were removed and the front was flattened out according to the spirit of the age. Around 1850 the front was renovated, but not too successfully. Even while in progress, the artistic value of the restoration was questioned.
In 1854, the festive hall was fitted up on the occasion of a visit by king Leopold II and the Queen. In 1934, the historic Council Chamber was likewise taken in hand.
In 1938, the first plans were drawn for the restoration of the building to its 16th-century state. The actual works lasted from 1958 to 1961.
Interior.
In the city hall, you also find the beautiful Aldermen’s hall and the Council chamber with 16th century sculpted chimneys. They are decorated with stained glass, wall murals and peculiar topographical maps.
Aldermen’s hall, the "Vierschaar".
For several years now, the historic Aldermen's Chamber, which had been a tribunal ("vierschaar") up to 1787, has been used as wedding-room and as reception hall. The magnificent mantelpiece in late gothic style was completed in 1527.
The mural paintings, made in 1875 after the romantic fashion of that time, depict outstanding scenes of Kortrijk's history. 
The stained-glass windows show the city's coat of arms and those of the 13th century craft guilds (principally textile workers).
Council chamber.
In this hall, one can find fine gothic arches and a beautiful wooden portico. The graceful mantelpiece, a real lace work out of stone, is undoubtedly the show-piece of the Kortrijk city hall.

</doc>
<doc id="18783961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783961" title="1994–95 1.Lig">
1994–95 1.Lig

The following are the statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1994/1995.
Overview.
It was performed in 18 teams, and Beşiktaş J.K. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18783962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783962" title="Zangazoli">
Zangazoli

Zangazoli is a town in the Sidéradougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 3,699.

</doc>
<doc id="18783964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783964" title="1995–96 1.Lig">
1995–96 1.Lig

The following are the statistics of the Turkish First Football League in season 1995/1996.
Overview.
It was performed in 18 teams, and Fenerbahçe S.K. won the championship. The season was notable for Graeme Souness's season-long cameo as the manager of Galatasaray.

</doc>
<doc id="18783965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783965" title="Parque del Oeste">
Parque del Oeste

The Parque del Oeste (in English: "Western Park") is a park of the city of Madrid (Spain) situated between the Autovía A-6, the Ciudad Universitaria de Madrid and the district of Moncloa. Before the 20th century, the land that the park currently occupies was the main landfill of the city. The park is the initiative of Alberto Aguilera, the mayor of the city at the beginning of the 20th century, who in 1906 requested the layout of a place for walking and relaxation by landscape artist Celedonio Rodrígáñez. It has unique and beautiful sites such as "The Rose", which is held every year an international tender roses. 
One of the monuments in the park is the Temple of Debod, an ancient Egyptian temple. The Egyptian state donated the temple of Debod to Spain in 1968 as a sign of gratitude for the help provided by Spain in saving the temples of Abu Simbel.
History.
Work began in 1893 and the first phase was inaugurated in 1905. This phase included an approximate area of 87 hectares between the present streets of Moret, and Seneca, plus a car ride today Paseo de Camoes.
In 1906, work continued work on the second phase, reaching the Cuartel de la Montaña (current location of the Temple of Debod). It extended parallel to the Paseo del Pintor Rosales on old dumps.
During the Civil War, Parque de Oeste became the battlefield of the Batalla de la Ciudad Universitaria, opening trenches and building bunkers that still can be seen at its northern end.
Once the war ended, D. Cecilio Rodriguez, responsible for municipal parks, was responsible for its reconstruction, which lasted until the late 1940s. The landscape character, the type of planting and layout of the roads were respected.
During the years 1956 and 1973, it has been extended, occupying the lands of Cuartel de la Montaña, building the Rose Garden and the Parque de la montaña, located in the Temple of Debod.

</doc>
<doc id="18783971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783971" title="HMS Stirling Castle (1742)">
HMS Stirling Castle (1742)

HMS "Stirling Castle" was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Chatham Dockyard to the 1733 proposals of the 1719 Establishment, and launched on 24 April 1742.
Whilst under the command of Captain Thomas Cooper, "Stirling Castle" took part in the Battle of Toulon on 11 February 1744. "Stirling Castle" was the lead ship in Rear-Admiral William Rowley's van division of Admiral Thomas Mathews' fleet that engaged the France-Spanish fleet. After the battle several officers were court-martialed, including Captain Cooper who appeared on 12 May at Port Mahon, where he was dismissed the service. He was immediately restored to his former rank and command however, as the charges against him were not deemed detrimental to either his professional honour or his ability as a sea officer.
She took part in the Battle of Havana in 1762. Shortly afterwards "Stirling Castle" was declared unserviceable and was stripped and scuttled in the upper reaches of Havana harbour on 14 September 1762, on the orders of Admiral George Pocock.

</doc>
<doc id="18783980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783980" title="Hedvig Wigert">
Hedvig Wigert

Hedvig Christina Wigert (née Falk) (February 1748 – 4 January 1780) was a Swedish opera singer. She belonged to the famous pioneer group of performers of the Royal Swedish Opera.
Hedvig Falk belonged to the first group of singers hired at the foundation of the Royal Swedish Opera in Bollhuset in 1773. Just as the great Elisabeth Olin, she was by then a singer and well known for her musical talent, called: "one for her musical talent already well-known female", and Gustav III wanted her for the part of the goddess Doris in the opening grand opera "Thetis och Pélée" (an opera in Swedish composed by Francesco Uttini with words by Johan Wellander) at the inauguration of the new Opera.
The employment of Wigert illustrates social and gender-related issues; there was an initial difficulty in getting female singers because the profession had a bad reputation, and Wigert also represents the fact that people from the upper-classes participated in the Opera project of the king; similar to the case of Elisabeth Olin, Wigert was a member of the upper-classes, and though she herself was willing to participate, her employment was delayed by the disapproval of "Two old powder-witches" in her family; eventually, she was given a contract which stipulated that she would be allowed to resign whenever her family wished her to, as long as she participated in the inauguration performance.
After Doris in "Thetis och Pélée", in the inauguration performance of the Opera 18 January 1773, (where she played opposite Carl Stenborg (Pélée), Elisabeth Olin (Thetis), Lars Lalin (Jupiter), Anders Nordén (Neptune), Nils Gustav Stenborg (Mercury), Betty Olin (Amor) and Hans Björkman and Johan Filip Lising), she played "many demanding parts"; she also performed some theatre parts, during a period when the Opera offered this. Her best remembered part was the title role of "Mérope" by Voltaire in the 1777–78 season after her marriage, where according to the papers, she "was given lively approval" by the audience. Other roles was Corinna in "Acis and Galathea" by Händel, and Euridyce in "Oprpheus" by Glück. She was described as unanimously admired, with a "noble" and versatile way of acting. 
She married the cashier Gustaf Wigert in 1776.

</doc>
<doc id="18783988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18783988" title="HMS Kempenfelt (R03)">
HMS Kempenfelt (R03)

HMS "Kempenfelt" was a W-class destroyer flotilla leader of the Royal Navy that served in the Second World War. She was the second destroyer of her name to have served in the war; the first "Kempenfelt" was transferred to the Royal Canadian Navy in October 1939 and renamed HMCS "Assiniboine".
Construction and commissioning.
"Kempenfelt" was ordered in December 1941 and was laid down at the Clydebank yards of John Brown and Company. She was built as HMS "Valentine", but this was changed to "Kempenfelt" as part of a rationalisation of the names used for the later wartime classes of destroyers. She was launched on 8 May 1943 and commissioned into service on 25 October 1943. During her time under construction she had been adopted by the civil community of Hammersmith after a successful Warship Week national savings campaign.
Wartime career.
Mediterranean.
"Kempenfelt" joined the 24th Destroyer Flotilla in the Mediterranean in December 1943, and in January was assigned to support the Allied landings at Anzio (Operation Shingle). On 21 January she and the destroyers HMS "Inglefield" and the Free French "Le Malin" bombarded Gaeta, before deploying the next day with a number of destroyers as a screen for the cruisers HMS "Orion" and HMS "Spartan". On 27 January "Kempenfelt" shelled a train near Formia. After the completion of Operation Shingle she was released, and spent between February and April escorting convoys and patrolling in the central Mediterranean.
Normandy.
In May "Kempenfelt" returned to the UK, joining the 26th Destroyer Flotilla in preparation for the invasion of Normandy. The flotilla were assigned to Force J, with orders to bombard the beach defences at Lagrune sur Mer. On 5 June she sailed as part of an escort for one of the invasion convoys, and on 6 June stood off the beach with Force J and provided fire support for the landings. Later in the day she moved to join HMS "Diadem" in supporting the landings at Beny sur Mer. "Kempenfelt" returned to Britain in July, and was assigned to the Home Fleet at Scapa Flow. She was then nominated to undergo a refit at Cardiff to prepare her to join the British Eastern Fleet as the leader of the 27th Destroyer Flotilla. On 22 August she deployed with the flotilla as a screen for the aircraft carriers , and , the battleship HMS "Duke of York" and the cruisers HMS "Berwick" and HMS "Devonshire" for the air attacks on the German battleship "Tirpitz" (Operation Goodwood). After being released from this service on 24 August, "Kempenfelt" sailed to Cardiff.
Far East.
She spent September under refit, and after working up, sailed in October to join the Eastern Fleet at Ceylon. She joined the fleet at Trincomalee on 22 November, and in December was nominate to screen the major fleet units as they carried out air attacks on oilfields on Sumatra (Operation Outflank). She sailed on 17 December with the destroyers HMS "Wessex", "Wrangler", "Whirlwind" and "Wakeful", escorting the carriers and "Indomitable", and the cruisers , "Argonaut" and "Newcastle", and arrived in position on 20 December. The attacks were carried out and the fleet returned to Trincomalee.
"Kempenfelt" took part in further screening operations in January, covering fleet units for Operation Meridian, before sailing for Fremantle at the end of the month with the ships of Force 63. They arrived on 4 February, before transferring to Sydney, where they carried out exercises with elements of the US Navy. They sailed on 28 February to join the British Pacific Fleet at its forward base at Manus, in the Admiralty Islands. The force, designated Task Force 113 carried out screening duties throughout March, before being assigned to the United States Fifth Fleet on 22 March. The force then supported the US Fleet in its preparation for the Battle of Okinawa (Operation Iceberg). "Kempenfelt" remained on station throughout April, before sailing for the US Forward-base at Leyte, arriving there on 24 April.
On 1 May "Kempenfelt" and a number of British destroyers screened operations off Okinawa, before "Kempenfelt" was deployed on 11 May as a screen for , to provide advance warning of incoming kamikaze attacks. She was detached on 22 May to escort to Manus, after the "Formidable" had been damaged by a kamikaze. She escorted "Formidable" to Sydney in June, after which "Kempenfelt" underwent a refit. On its completion, she returned to Manus in August, and on 15 August she sailed to Subic Bay to join the taskforce assembling to reoccupy Hong Kong. She sailed on 27 August with the destroyers "Whirlwind", "Quadrant" and "Ursa" screening the carriers HMS "Indomitable" and "Venerable", and the cruisers HMS "Swiftsure", "Eurylaus" and "Black Prince" to oversee the surrender.
Post war.
"Kempenfelt" remained with the British Pacific Fleet until December 1945. She returned to Chatham in January 1946 where she was reduced to the reserve. She spent two years in the reserve, before transferring to Simonstown, South Africa. She returned to Britain in 1953 and was laid up at Portsmouth, before being placed on the disposal list. She and her sister, HMS "Wager", were sold to Yugoslavia in 1956, being towed to Yugoslavia for a refit in October. "Kempenfelt" was renamed R-21 "Kotor" and served until being decommissioned and scrapped in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="18784002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784002" title="Mārtiņš Pļaviņš">
Mārtiņš Pļaviņš

Mārtiņš Pļaviņš (born May 8, 1985 in Riga) is a Latvian beach volleyball player.
He teamed up with Aleksandrs Samoilovs in 2004. Pļaviņš and team mate Samoilovs represented Latvia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China after which they stopped playing together.
The #21-ranked Latvian team achieved a major upset in the preliminary round, beating the #1-ranked team of Todd Rogers and Phil Dalhausser (United States). Latvian team won its preliminary round group and in round of 16 lost to Austrian team Florian Gosch and Alexander Horst.
After Olympics, he began playing together with Jānis Šmēdiņš.

</doc>
<doc id="18784018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784018" title="AT&amp;T Plaza (disambiguation)">
AT&amp;T Plaza (disambiguation)

AT&T Plaza is a part of Millennium Park, in Chicago, Illinois.
AT&T Plaza may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18784020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784020" title="Cystoderma amianthinum">
Cystoderma amianthinum

Cystoderma amianthinum, commonly called the saffron parasol, the saffron powder-cap, or the earthy powder-cap, is a small orange-ochre, or yellowish-brown, gilled mushroom. It grows in damp mossy grassland, in coniferous forest clearings, or on wooded heaths. It is probably the most common of the small "Cystoderma" genus. Possibly edible, it is not recommended due to its unpleasant odour and resemblance to poisonous species.
Taxonomy.
"Cystoderma amianthinum" was first noted by the Italian-Austrian naturalist Giovanni Antonio Scopoli, who called it "Agaricus amianthinus" in 1772. The present generic name "Cystoderma" was erected by Swiss mycologist Victor Fayod in 1889, and is roughly translated as 'Blistered skin', and is probably a reference to the appearance of the pellicle (cap skin).
Description.
The cap is usually between 2 and 5 cm (0.8–2 in) in diameter, convex to bell-shaped, and later flat with a slight depression around a low umbo (central boss). It is dry and powdery, often with a shaggy or fringed margin (appendiculate), and is saffron yellow or orange-ochre. The stem is cylindrical, and has a flaky-granular sheath beneath a fleeting, powdery ring. The gills are white initially, and become creamy later. They are adnexed (narrowly attached to the stem), and initially quite crowded. The spore print is white. The flesh is thin and yellowish, with an unpleasant mouldy smell. 
A very similar form with a markedly radially wrinkled cap, has been separated by some authors, and given the binomial "Cystoderma rugoso-reticulatum".
"Cystodermella granulosa", and "Cystodermella cinnabarina" are both redder as a rule, and have adnate gills (broadly attached to the stem).
Distribution and habitat.
" Cystoderma amianthinum" is widespread in Europe and North America, and common in northern temperate zones. It occurs in mossy woodland, on heaths, amongst grass or bracken, and sometimes with willow. It is often found on acidic soils.
Edibility.
"Cystoderma amianthinum" is said to be edible, but hardly worthwhile, and caution is strongly advised. It resembles the small poisonous members of the genus "Lepiota".

</doc>
<doc id="18784024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784024" title="Badara, Burkina Faso">
Badara, Burkina Faso

Badara is a village in the Soubakaniédougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 331.

</doc>
<doc id="18784026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784026" title="Martindale Catholic School">
Martindale Catholic School

Martindale Catholic School is a private Catholic school run by nuns/sisters of LCBL (Little Children of the Blessed Lady). It is located in the town of Selous approximately 80 km south of Harare in Zimbabwe.
The school was founded in 1945 . The school was formerly run by Sisters of the Dominican order until sometime in the mid-80s when the LCBL sisters took over.
the school was formerly for coloured students run by the Dominican Sisters, later the school was handed over to the LCBL.The school had the best discipline in the 1980s to the 1990s.The school had the best students boys going to St Ignatuis for form one and the school produced some of the best students in the country thanks to the good discipline under the LCBL sisters
Former Heads of school included, Sister Pauline, Sister Jane, Mr Muchenje.
Main language was English which had to be spoken at all times except during Shona lessons.
Martindale was a boarding school with one class for each grade. Day scholars were allowed for the few workers who worked at the school.
In 1985 Martindale Primary School had classes from grade 3 to grade seven. In 1986 they started introducing grade 1 again and by 1987 they had all the classes from grade 1 to grade seven.
Former school headboy was Kelvin Munashe Mamvura, Headgirl was Mildreth Jean
As a catholic school pupils were not allowed to eat meat on Fridays.
Pupils attended mass service on Sundays, Tuesdays(morning mass), Wednesdays(hymn singing and evening mass), Fridays (Morning mass).
Saturdays pupils did the afternoon rosary and then had their tuck which was the favourite time of the pupils. All week pupils counted the days and time until Tuck time on Saturdays.
Casual clothes were allowed after school lessons which ended at 1pm. Study period was from 2pm to 3pm Monday to Friday.
During the 1970s and 80s, the school was home to many students who were from parents of a political ground many of whom later became some of independent Zimbabwe's first black MPs namely; Mazorodze, kadungure, Pswarayi, etc. The former PM of Zimbabwe-Rhodesia, Mr Muzorewa also had children who were educated at Martindale. The late freedom fighter and one of Zimbabwe's greatest revolutionaries, CDE Josiah Tongogara also had 2 children who were educated at Martindale in the late 70s and early 80s. The school was well known for its excellent education standards being the reason it churned out some of the countries elite who later became either top business men like Nigel Chanakira and many who became leaders of industry and excelled elsewhere. Many students who left Martindale were known to be the best in the English profession and therefore excelled at other education institutions where they later ended at.

</doc>
<doc id="18784027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784027" title="Rugby union in Hong Kong">
Rugby union in Hong Kong

Rugby union in Hong Kong is long established, partly as a result of its being a British colony. In contrast to the People's Republic of China, it has had a continuous existence dating back over a hundred years, and is most notable for its sevens tournaments. The top domestic club competition is the HKRFU Premiership.
Governing Body.
The Hong Kong Rugby Football Union was established in 1952, and joined the IRB in 1988.
History.
Rugby football has been played in Hong Kong for over a hundred and fifty years.
Hong Kong is best known for its development of rugby sevens, an abbreviated code from Melrose in the Scottish Borders. Naturally it became popular amongst other groups in the city, particularly other white ex-patriates. Hong Kong Football Club was established in 1886, and played its first game of rugby against a 'Garrison XV' the same year. Prior to that it is likely that ad hoc games were organised by businessmen, such as HSBC. British forces sides would also have been prominent. 
Formal competition began in 1910-11 with a 'Triangular' tournament between HKFC, the Royal Navy and Army. This was expanded to a 'Quandrangular' in 1940 with the addition of a side from Hong Kong Police. After WWII the competition recommenced in 1947-48, becoming a 'Pentangular' in 1954 when the RAF joined in, and a year later a 'Hexangular' when the Army split their resources 'North and South'. 
Nevertheless, the HKRFU decreed in 1957 that however many teams there might be in the top flight competition, it would be known as the 'Pentangular' - and so it remained until 1975 when a 'Division 1' championship was instigated following the founding of two new civilian clubs, Valley in 1975 and Kowloon in 1976 (having previously competed as YMCA from 1974).
In the late-1980s, the local Chinese began to participate more fully, with the establishment of a Police team of locals, the Duke of Edinburgh Award Scheme (DEA) had a team as did a team of Japanese, Gai Wu. With the booming of the HK economy came more and more expatriates, in 1992 a team of expat old boys of King George V School formed Typhoons and Aberdeen RFC was established in 1993. In the same year a team, with many local players Causeway Bay RFC was established. 
Women began playing full contact rugby in 1991, and a women's league, playing 7s, was set up in 1992. After a few seasons playing 10s, women's league is now full XV-a-side.
Rugby caught on slowly but surely with the local population, thanks to HKRFU's constantly improving development programme, and the facst that many more local Chinese had played whilst in overseas education, and simply because rugby has been widely recognised as an excellent game to play.
This fact is clear to see from the explosion of mini rugby in the local population since c.2000. Having previously been established by expat parents in 1979, the game expanded slowly through and the 1980s and became more and more attractive to local families as the 1990s went on. There are now rugby clubs in all parts of Hong Kong, and playing numbers are measure in 1000s, if not 10s of 1000s.
The transfer of Hong Kong from the United Kingdom to the People's Republic of China was not the total disaster for rugby there that some predicted. Since the handover, the Hong Kong Sevens continue to flourish, and there is increasing interest in the game within Mainland China as well.
Hong Kong Sevens.
Because of the territory's small size, it was argued that rugby sevens would be more useful in promoting the game than 15-a-side.
The Hong Kong Sevens have proven a powerful missionary force in Asia, allowing nations with small numbers of players to compete at a high level, and improve the standard of their game. Perhaps because of this high profile, Hong Kong was allowed to compete in the Asian Championship, a predecessor to the Asian Five Nations.
Bill McLaren, in his autobiography "Talking of Rugby" writes at length about his Hong Kong Sevens experiences:
The Hong Kong Sevens (Chinese: 香港國際七人欖球賽) is considered the premier tournament on the IRB Sevens World Series in rugby union. The tournament was set up in 1976, and attracted clubs from Asia and beyond, from Indonesia, Korea, Australia, New Zealand, Tonga, Japan, Sri Lanka, Malaysia and Fiji for the first tournament alone. It was held at the Hong Kong Football Club in Happy Valley. After an initial proposal was refused by the Rugby Football Union in England, the HKRFU changed focus and sent out invitations to Asian and Pacific sides.
The Rugby World Cup Sevens have been held twice in Hong Kong - see 1997 Rugby World Cup Sevens and 2005 Rugby World Cup Sevens.
2013 British and Irish Lions Tour to Australia.
The 2013 British and Irish Lions Tour to Australia started with a match against the Barbarians in Hong Kong.
2019 Rugby World Cup.
In addition to the nine venues located in Japan for the 2019 Rugby World Cup, one venue each from Singapore and Hong Kong have also been proposed to host five matches respectively. The Hong Kong Stadium, with a capacity of 40,000, will be hosting some of the matches.
National team.
Hong Kong has two 15-a-side teams - men's and women's
The men's team is a third tier rugby playing nation. They first played in 1952, the first local Chinese to be capped was CHAN Fuk-ping in 1994. These days, HK players consist of a mixture of both Hong Kong Chinese, and Caucasian players, with many being 'half-and-half'.
They have competed in the first Asian Five Nations recently.
HKRFU Premiership.
The 8-team HKRFU Premiership is the top level of competition. The HKRFU Premiership A is the next rung down.

</doc>
<doc id="18784029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784029" title="HMS Captain (1743)">
HMS Captain (1743)

HMS "Captain" was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built according to the 1733 proposals of the 1719 Establishment at Woolwich Dockyard, and launched on 14 April 1743.
In 1760, "Captain" was reduced to a 64-gun ship. Then in 1777 she was converted to serve as a storeship and renamed "Buffalo". "Buffalo" remained in this role until she was broken up in 1783.
Although a storeship, "Buffalo" shared, with , and , in the proceeds from 's capture of the 12-gun French privateer "Comte de Maurepas", on 3 August 1780.

</doc>
<doc id="18784030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784030" title="St Stanislaus Church, Żelechów">
St Stanislaus Church, Żelechów

Saint Stanislaus Church, Żelechów, Poland was built in 1741. It is located outside of the town, in the fields. Before building this baroque church, a chapel was located there. It is the oldes preserved building in Żelechów.

</doc>
<doc id="18784032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784032" title="Aleksandrs Samoilovs">
Aleksandrs Samoilovs

Aleksandrs Samoilovs (born April 6, 1985 in Riga) is a beach volleyball player from Latvia.
Samoilovs and team mate Mārtiņš Pļaviņš, with whom he partnered since 2004, represented Latvia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. The duo defeated the number 2 seed, Phil Dalhausser and Todd Rogers, in their first round game, in what announcers called "the biggest upset in Olympic beach volleyball history." The Latvian team won its preliminary round group and in round of 16 lost to Austrian team Florian Gosch and Alexander Horst.
After the Olympics Samoilovs and Pļaviņš stopped playing together. He now again is partnering with Ruslans Sorokins with whom he partnered before 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18784037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784037" title="Gilberto Sosa">
Gilberto Sosa

Gilberto Sosa (born September 23, 1960 in Ciudad de México, Distrito Federal) is a retired boxer from Mexico, who competed in the men's light flyweight division (– 48 kg). He represented his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow. Sosa captured the bronze medal a year earlier at the Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18784038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784038" title="Damana">
Damana

Damana is a town in the Soubakaniédougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,205.

</doc>
<doc id="18784042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784042" title="Dougoudioulama">
Dougoudioulama

Dougoudioulama is a village in the Soubakaniédougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 501.

</doc>
<doc id="18784045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784045" title="Fornofesso">
Fornofesso

Fornofesso is a village in the Soubakaniédougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 413.

</doc>
<doc id="18784053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784053" title="Hideo Hiraoka (racing driver)">
Hideo Hiraoka (racing driver)

Like many of the drivers in the D1GP he is the owner of his own tuning shop called Proshop Rapid, and so has worked on many of his cars himself.
He Began competing in the D1 Grand Prix in the first round in 2001, earning second place in round 4 of that year and so showing that he had what it takes. Over the years he has competed in many different cars from a Toyota Sprinter Trueno, Toyota Chaser, Nissan Silvias and even a year in a Nissan 350Z. This year he has moved from the Team M.O.V.E Silvia with which he had much seccess, getting his first win in 2006 with that machine. To become the fourth member of Team Orange, driving Nobushige Kumakubo's 2006 championship winning Subaru Impreza. So far he has been doing well adapting to the new car, as he has done so often before, though he had a large accident at the Tokyo Drift exhibition match in early 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18784068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784068" title="USS Monomoy (AG-40)">
USS Monomoy (AG-40)

USS "Monomoy" (AG-40) was a commercial cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. She was outfitted with guns and depth charges and sent into the dangerous waters of the North Atlantic Ocean to report on weather conditions and to act as escort vessel when required. She was manned by a U.S. Coast Guard crew and was eventually transferred to that agency as USCGC "Monomoy" (WAG-275).
Built in Minnesota.
"Monomoy" (AG-40) was built in 1918 by Globe Shipbuilding Co., Duluth, Minnesota; acquired as "J. Floyd Massey, Jr" 15 September 1941 from Steel Products Transportation Company, Buffalo, New York; renamed "Monomoy" 15 October 1941; and commissioned 24 December 1941.
World War II Navy service.
"Monomoy", manned and operated by the U.S. Coast Guard, joined the Weather Patrol, U.S. Atlantic Fleet, in 1942. From her base at Boston, Massachusetts, she periodically sailed to weather stations 1 and 2, where she provided weather reports vital for the safety of convoys and air commerce. 
Operating in dangerous waters, she made frequent contact with marauding submarines. Attacked by a Nazi U-boat 24 July, she returned fire, damaging the submarine, forcing it to break off action. 
She continued patrolling the North Atlantic for the next 15 months, and despite enemy harassment and rough seas, was able to render valuable service to those crossing the Atlantic.
Transferred to the Coast Guard.
She was formally transferred to the Coast Guard 22 October 1943, and stricken from the Naval Register 30 October. Redesignated "WAG-275", "Monomoy" served the Coast Guard through the remainder of the war and was then transferred to the U.S. Maritime Commission. She was scrapped in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="18784069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784069" title="Gouera">
Gouera

Gouera is a town in the Soubakaniédougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,924.

</doc>
<doc id="18784072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784072" title="Castle Wagrain">
Castle Wagrain

Castle Wagrain is located in Vöcklabruck, Upper Austria, approximately one kilometre east of the town centre.
History.
The castle was first recorded in 1135. From 1447 on, it belonged to the Engl family of Steyr. In 1499, the property was raised to a noble estate by Emperor Maximilian I. Except for a religiously motivated break in 1620, the castle and its estate remained with the Engl family until the early 20th century. In 1717 the Engls were raised to Counts. With the death of Count Siegmund Engl in 1911, the male line became extinct. His daughter wedded a Count von Spiegelfeld. In 1950, the Spiegelfeld family sold the castle to the town of Vöcklabruck. Since then, it has been used as a school and for cultural purposes.
Schools.
The following schools have so far been hosted by the castle:
Architecture.
The present castle consist of two of the formerly four round towers, a main building and two side wings. Two of the original towers were demolished during an expansion in the 18th century. Thereby the gateway tower was completely erased. In 1980, the household building east of the castle was torn down to be replaced by a workshop. By the erection of an annex building in 2000, the previously U-shaped facility was completely enclosed and a courtyard was created. The annex is a modern reinforced concrete construction with a flat roof. Its courtward side is entirely made up of glass.
The two-storey old part features a hip roof and a mansard gable. On the gable's southern front, the coat of arms of the Engl family is engraved with its motto: ""1448 Fürchte Gott, Tue Recht, Scheue Niemand 1848" (Fear God, Act Just, Eschew None)". The arcades of the supplementary buildings have meanwhile been glazed. Due to the school, the site can only be inspected from outside.

</doc>
<doc id="18784080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784080" title="76th Guards Air Assault Division">
76th Guards Air Assault Division

The 76th Guards Air Assault Division () is a division of the Russian Airborne Troops based in Pskov.
History.
The 76th Air Assault Division was originally established in 1939 as the 157th Rifle Division. On 1 March 1943 it became the 76th Guards Rifle Division. The Division fought in Chernigov, Odessa, Brest and Danzig with the 70th Army of the 2nd Belorussian Front in May 1945. Soon after the war it became the 76th Airborne Division, by 1946 as part of the 15th Airborne Corps.
The 76th Division originally had three regiments: the 104th, 234th, and 237th, with the 237th Guards Airborne Regiment disbanded circa 2002.
After an experimental period, the 104th Parachute Regiment of the 76th Airborne Division became the first Russian ground forces regiment that was fully composed of professional soldiers (and not of "srochniki" - the conscripted soldiers aged eighteen).
Elements of the 104th Regiment were ambushed in Chechnya in March 2000.
In 2006, the 76th Airborne Division became an Air Assault Division.
In 2008 the 76th Air Assault Division was involved in the 2008 South Ossetia war, being deployed to South Ossetia and fought in the Battle of Tskhinvali.
In 2014 the division units spearheaded the 2014 Russian military intervention in Ukraine.
Subordinated units and fighting strength.
As of 2010, the 76th Air Assault Division consisted of the following units:

</doc>
<doc id="18784088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784088" title="USCGC Monomoy">
USCGC Monomoy

Two ships of the United States Coast Guard have been named USCGC "Monomoy" for the island off the coast of Cape Cod in Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18784097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784097" title="Roberto Andino">
Roberto Andino

Roberto Andino (born October 4, 1956) is a retired boxer from Puerto Rico, who competed in the men's lightweight division (– 60 kg). He represented his native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montréal, Canada. Andino captured the silver medal at the 1979 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18784100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784100" title="HMS Berwick (1743)">
HMS Berwick (1743)

HMS "Berwick" was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built to the 1733 proposals of the 1719 Establishment at Deptford Dockyard, and launched on 13 June 1743. It participated in the Battle of Toulon under the command of Sir Edward Hawke.
"Berwick" was broken up in 1760.

</doc>
<doc id="18784104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784104" title="Percy Amherst">
Percy Amherst

Percy Amherst ( born 30 November 1839 and died 30 January 1910 ) is an English first class cricketer who played all his only game for Marylebone Cricket Club.
His highest score of 2 came when playing for the Marylebone Cricket Club in the match against Cambridge University Cricket Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18784115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784115" title="Ultrafox">
Ultrafox

Ultrafox is an electropop band formed by German twins Claudia and Connie Holzer. Liam Howe and Joe Wilson of Sneaker Pimps were also involved in the band's creation. The band was formed in 2001, and their only album, Ice Skating, was released in June 2004. Since then, Howe and Wilson have stopped playing with the band due to other commitments, and David Westlake, also of Sneaker Pimps, has been working with them.
Creation.
According to the band, Ultrafox was created when the Holzers met Howe and Wilson "somewhere in Europe" and decided to make an album as quickly as possible, since all their favourite albums had been made in a short time. The album, Ice Skating, was made in two weeks in Munich and London.
The name, an obvious take on the 1980s New Wave band Ultravox, was decided on by Howe and Wilson, since Howe is a great fan of the band.
Touring.
Ultrafox has undertaken one European tour. They played in the Notting Hill Arts Club in London on the 8th of June 2004 (their first ever live performance), and the following day in "Shelter" in Vienna. Before the event they had only 20 hours practice - most big bands have up to a month before live performances. This was the first time David Westlake performed with them, playing drums.
The tour was a success, although problems plagued both nights. In London, since the stage had recently been repositioned, the sound system was incorrectly set up resulting in the backing track being too quiet (at one point the band stopped playing and listened to the crowd's conversation instead until the sound engineer could adjust the volume). In Vienna, excessive rain threatened to flood the venue, and indeed succeeded in flooding the toilets. The performance nevertheless went ahead and was well received.
Ultrafox later played in Client's gig "Being Boiled" in November 2004, again at the Notting Hill Arts Club.
Style.
Ultrafox has been said to have a unique sound, described by Connie as "dark, sophisticated electronic sounds" and Claudia as "minimalistic, catchy and groovy". Their songs have a mix of German and English lyrics, and are usually based around a broken drum beat and a strong bass line. (On the track "I Get Lifted", the bass line is taken from Jeff Wayne's musical version of The War of the Worlds).
They have been influenced by the likes of Kraftwerk, Michael Jackson, Def Leppard, Daft Punk and The Beach Boys.
Current Plans.
Ultrafox moved to London sometime after making Ice Skating, where recording studios and facilities for photography are more accessible. They stated they were working on a second album, which might have been released in 2007, but so far this album has yet to materialise.

</doc>
<doc id="18784117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784117" title="Norg (disambiguation)">
Norg (disambiguation)

Norg can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="18784125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784125" title="Azucarron pineapple">
Azucarron pineapple

Azucaron pineapples (also called azucaron) are very sweet pineapples found in Honduras and other parts of central and South America. Is quite resistant to droughts and its fruit is of conic shape. 
Physical description.
Its standard weight is between 800 and 1,400 grams.
Pulp color is of intense yellow and is very juicy.

</doc>
<doc id="18784133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784133" title="Monte Carlo chess tournament">
Monte Carlo chess tournament

The Monte Carlo chess tournament was established in 1901. There were a series of very strong tournaments held in Monte Carlo, from 1901 to 1904, and again after a long break from 1967 to 1969.
1901.
The notation and point count was as follows (drawn games were replayed):
1902.
The notation and point count is the same as in 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="18784134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784134" title="Bill Harrigan">
Bill Harrigan

Bill Harrigan (born 24 May 1960 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian former rugby league football referee, and former head of refereeing for the National Rugby League. Unusually for a sports official, in his long career he was accorded the same profile as some of the top players he refereed. A policeman off-field before he resigned to concentrate on rugby league, he is widely recognised as one of Australia's greatest sports umpires. He is currently an NRL "video referee". He retired with the record for most State of Origin matches officiated.
Biography.
Early life.
William James "Bill" Harrigan was born in 1960 in the Western Suburbs of Sydney, New South Wales). He resided in the south-west and greater western suburbs of Sydney for all of his childhood. After living briefly at a residence on Parramatta Road in Granville, he moved with his family at the age of four to Canley Heights. While not particularly interested in academic studies as school student, he nevertheless represented his schools with distinction in every sport that he could. Harrigan joined the NSW Police Force in 1979. He served extensively in numerous units, including the Tactical Response Group.
Rugby League career.
Harrigan refereed his first game in 1977. In 1986 he refereed his first New South Wales Rugby League premiership match, between Cronulla and Western Suburbs.
Harrigan holds the following Australian rugby league refereeing records
Defamation action.
In July 2001 Harrigan successfully sued Australian radio broadcaster Alan Jones for defamatory remarks made by Jones during a 1998 interview, resulting in an award of $90,000.
Post-retirement.
After retiring from rugby league refereeing, Harrigan was a referee in "Gladiators".

</doc>
<doc id="18784143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784143" title="University of Belgrade Faculty of Law">
University of Belgrade Faculty of Law

The University of Belgrade Faculty of Law (), also known as the Belgrade Law School, is one of the first-tier educational institutions of the University of Belgrade, Serbia. The building is located in the heart of the old part of Belgrade, in the urban neighborhood of Palilula, contiguously to the city park Tasmajdan, on Bulevar kralja Aleksandra, the longest street within the urban part of the city.
History.
The Faculty of Law, established in 1808 as part of the University of Belgrade, is one of the largest law schools in the region, with a long tradition of being a leader in the country’s legal education. In the beginning, the Countess Ljubica's Residence was home to this educational institution, which was at that time within the Belgrade Higher School. The law school has always rallied distinguished scholars and lecturers. Since its founding, it has educated almost 50,000 law graduates, around 1,200 magistri iuris and 830 doctores iuris, as well as hundreds of specialists in various areas. A great many Faculty of Law alumni have become recognized experts and scholars in all branches of law, law professors and high ranking government officials. Distinguished scholars include authorities, such as Slobodan Jovanović, Alexander Soloviev, Radomir Lukić, Mehmed Begović and Mihailo Đurić.
The Faculty’s historic building, built by US millionaire Mile Bjelivuk in 1937, was upgraded in 1995 with additional premises, and now comprises about 12,000 sq. meters of space. All the faculties of law, established subsequently in Serbia (Subotica Law School, Novi Sad Law School, Pristina Law School, Niš Law School, Kragujevac Law School), Montenegro (Podgorica Law School), and in other parts of the former Yugoslavia (Sarajevo Law School, Skoplje Law School) were formed from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Law as a core. There is a large number of professors at the various faculties of law in all the countries of the former Yugoslavia, who had obtained their academic titles at the University of Belgrade Faculty of Law.
The faculty has been awarded fifteen Fulbright Fellowships to do legal research in the United States, the most of any law school in Southeastern Europe.
The Faculty of Law.
Library.
The finest academic law library in the region is located in the very Faculty building, occupying the area of around 2,000 sq. meters, with 600 sq. meters of reading rooms, one of which is reserved for researchers and teachers only. The Library collection comprises 138,000 monographs, 2,670 titles with 32,600 years of serial publications, reference collection with over 400 encyclopaedias, lexicons, dictionaries and other reference books, and a priceless collection of 91 rarities (featuring several 17th and 18th century editions of Justinian’s Codification, a singular edition of Corpus Iuris Canonici, etc.).
Belgrade Law Review.
"Annals of the Faculty of Law in Belgrade (Belgrade Law Review)" is the oldest Southeastern European academic law journal, having been founded in 1906 as Archive for Legal and Social Sciences. The law review serves as a forum for the expression of the legal ideas of foremost scholars, jurists, and societal leaders. This peer-reviewed publication utilizes an international body of editors, advisers and referees to select outstanding contributions. Editors-in-Chief of the "Belgrade Law Review" are renowned professors Sima Avramovic and Alan Watson, who is credited for coining the term "legal transplants". In honor of Watson's worldwide scholarship, the Faculty of Law also established the Alan Watson Foundation.
Аcademic and professional gatherings.
The faculty participates in numerous scholarly and professional events (both national and international) and regularly present their papers at conferences held annually by the national lawyers’ associations such as the Kopaonik School of Natural Law, the Commercial Lawyers' Convention, numerous criminal law symposia, etc.
Academic staff.
The University of Belgrade Faculty of Law has among its faculty some of the most eminent experts in various legal disciplines, as well as in a range of other social sciences (economy, sociology, philosophy, political science, legal history, etc.) Amongst them, there have been 19 members of the Academies of Sciences, 15 presidents of the University of Belgrade, six judges of the Constitutional Court of Serbia, a large number of names recognized within the domestic and international academic community, as well as several dozens of high government officials – Prime Ministers, Deputy Prime Ministers and Ministers, Ambassadors, etc. Miroljub Labus, Dejan Popović, Gašo Knežević and Kosta Čavoški are some of the current faculty.
Competition in Oratory.
The traditional annual student Belgrade Competition in Oratory has become an event that attracts interest of the entire University and the general public. Following the example of the Faculty of Law in Belgrade, a number of other faculties organize their own competitions, the winners of which participate in the Serbian universities wide finals.
International competitions.
Participating in inter-faculty competitions in different fields of practice at the national and international level is a great challenge to students. The student teams are coached by professors and teaching assistants, and they have achieved notable success in the past. Apart from national competitions in various fields, for a number of years the Faculty of Law has enabled its students to participate in international competitions, such as the William C. Vis International Commercial Arbitration Moot (in international commercial and arbitration Law), Philip C. Jessup International Law Moot Court Competition (in international public law), Jean Pictet International Humanitarian Law Moot (in international humanitarian law), Clinical Legal History Competition (simulation of a court proceeding in ancient Athens), etc. Regarding Willem C. Vis Moot, since 2008, University of Belgrade Faculty of Law hosts an annual pre-moot competition better known as Belgrade Open. In 2010, 22 teams from 16 countries participated. Actual pre-moot rounds of Belgrade Open are, since 2009, preceded by an arbitration conference dealing with issues which were brought upon in that year's moot problem. In 2011, the University of Belgrade Faculty of Law team triumphed at the Monroe E. Price International Media Law Moot Court Competition at the University of Oxford.
Student life.
Student life at the Faculty does not merely revolve around lectures and exams, as there is a diverse array of student activities. There are many student organisations, of which Belgrade chapter of The European Law Students' Association, is one of the most active ones, organizing student exchange programmes throughout Europe. Students elect their representatives (Student Vice-Dean and the Student Parliament) to coordinate various student activities, represent their interests in the Faculty bodies, participate in the evaluation of studies and the faculty, and secure the involvement and participation of students in all matters and issues of interest to them.
Students publish their own journal – "Pravnik" (The Lawyer), take part in various competitions through their sports club Pravnik, stage plays through a drama society, organize discussion forums through the long lasting UN Club, whereas Oratory Centre "Institutio oratoria" gathers all those interested in developing public speaking skills and prepares them for competitions. The Society for Roman Law and Classics "Forum Romanum" has a particularly long and fine tradition. Established in 1970, it organizes discussion forums and social activities on a weekly basis. Over the years dozens of internationally renowned professors have participated in its activities, e.g. the late Regius Professor of Civil Law Peter Birks from Oxford.
Degree programs.
The law school practices a two-cycle system of studies: the first lasts four years (undergraduate studies) and the second lasts one year (Master studies). The undergraduate studies include mandatory courses, a selection of three major streams of study – judicial-administrative, business law and legal theory, as well as a number of elective courses which students can choose according to their personal interests and preferences. The Master studies encompass two basic programs – business law and administrative-judicial programs, as well as a large number of so-called open Master programs in various areas. The law school has adopted and complies to the European Credit Transfer and Accumulation System.
In order to meet the challenge of serving a great number of students and maintaining high academic standards at the same time, a wide area of teaching methods are being used, ranging from lectures, seminars, study and advanced study groups (similar to honors classes in the U.S.), to mentor work and various other modern methods of teaching. Also, for the purpose of gaining practical skills, the law school organizes training courses, courses in legal writing, internships, the legal clinic, moot courts, and similar.
Master and doctoral studies include degree programs in: Legal Theory, Legal History, Civil Law, Criminal Law, Business Law, Corporate Law, International Commercial Law, Law on Intellectual Property, Public International Law, Labor Law, Social security Law, Administrative Law and Public Administration, Constitutional Law and Political Systems, Legal and Economic Studies, Legal and Social Studies, European Union Law.
English graduate programs.
The graduate academic program Master in European Integration is taught entirely in English for both international and Serbian students. The program is worth 60 ECTS. Students having a Bachelor's degree in law or social sciences-humanities are eligible to apply.

</doc>
<doc id="18784145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784145" title="Herbert Wild">
Herbert Wild

Herbert Louis Wild (2 July 1865 – 28 March 1940) was a Bishop in the Church of England.
Family.
He was the son of Rev. R. L. Wild, rector of Hurstmonceux in Sussex.
He married Helen Christian Severn in 1903 and they had 4 sons and a daughter.
Education.
He was educated at Charterhouse School and Exeter College, Oxford where he graduated in 1886. He was ordained deacon in the Church of England in 1895.
Career.
He became Vice-Principal and Chaplain of St Edmund Hall, Oxford until 1903 when he became assistant curate at St. Ann's Church, Nottingham. In 1904 he was appointed vicar of Church of St. John the Evangelist, Carrington until 1909 when he returned to Oxford to be Vicar of St. Giles. 
He was appointed Archdeacon of Nottingham in 1913 and nominated Bishop of Newcastle on 16 October 1915, being consecrated on 30 November. He held that post until 1 August 1927 when he resigned due to poor health.

</doc>
<doc id="18784147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784147" title="Rome-Paris-Rome">
Rome-Paris-Rome

Rome-Paris-Rome () is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Aldo Fabrizi.

</doc>
<doc id="18784148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784148" title="Matter (venue)">
Matter (venue)

Matter was a London music venue and nightclub that opened in September 2008, after three years of planning. A 2,600 capacity live music venue and nightclub, it was the second project for owners Cameron Leslie and Keith Reilly, founders of the London club Fabric. Matter is the third venue to open at The O2 in south-east London.
Matter housed several visual installations, a sound system of some 200 speakers and a version of Fabric's 'BodySonic' dance floor, the 'BodyKinetic' floor. 
Matter's music policy was set by London promoter Will Harold. It featured three bimonthly residencies, Hospitality (Hospital Records), RAMatter (Ram Records) and FWD»/Rinse (Rinse FM).
Architect William Russell, of Pentagram, was commissioned to design the venue with partner Angus Hyland, who was responsible for the branding.
In May 2010 the venue announced it would close for the summer due to financial difficulties suffered as a consequence of continued delays with the TfL upgrade of the Jubilee Line.
The venue formerly housing Matter is now home to a nightclub called Proud2, which opened in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18784156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784156" title="Automotive Navigation Data">
Automotive Navigation Data

AND Automotive Navigation Data (AND) is one of the few companies in the world supplying digital map data for GPS-based applications. After the take over of Navteq by Nokia and Tele Atlas by TomTom, AND is the last independent supplier of digital maps. The company originally focused on regions that Navteq and Tele Atlas did not cover, however it now covers Western European on countries such as Germany and the Netherlands. Next to street level maps of Western Europe AND also offers a routable world base map and a geocoder map for the USA. Besides maps for GPS-based applications the company offers maps for Geographic information system, Internet mapping, route planning, time-distance calculations and optimization studies.
AND Automotive Navigation Data wants to become the mapping alternative in the market in the (Personal Navigation Device), smart phone and online markets. The company is listed on NYSE Euronext Amsterdam.
History.
AND was founded in 1984 by Hans Abbink and Elco Dekker. The chamber of commerce advised to use the 'n' to connect the first letter of the surnames of the founders to create the company name: AND. The A, Hans Abbink, stepped down as member of the board of directors of AND in September 2000. Throughout the years the company had many subsidiary names such as AND International Publishers NV, AND Data Solutions, AND Publishes, etc. The current trade name is AND Automotive Navigation Data and the company is listed using the name AND International Publishers.
The company was listed on the London stock exchange (AIM) since 1996, however the listing was terminated in 1998 to be listed on the Amsterdam stock exchange. 
The end of the nineties AND International Publishers aimed to establish itself firmly at the forefront in providing content as well as skills for electronic publishing and advanced technology. AND concentrated its activities in the Netherlands, United Kingdom, Germany and the United States of America. AND production facilities were located in Ireland and India. The company specialized in four key areas. These were:

</doc>
<doc id="18784163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784163" title="Frank Drohan">
Frank Drohan

Frank Drohan (13 August 1879 – 5 March 1953) was an Irish politician. He was elected unopposed at the 1921 elections for the Waterford–Tipperary East constituency as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) in the 2nd Dáil.
He was personally opposed to the Anglo-Irish Treaty signed on 6 December 1921, but the local Sinn Féin branch instructed him to vote in favour; he felt the only honourable course was to submit his resignation, which was read out by the Ceann Comhairle Eoin MacNeill on 5 January 1922, two days before the Dáil voted to accept the Treaty.
Frank Drohan Road is the section of the N24 serving as an inner relief road outside Clonmel.

</doc>
<doc id="18784168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784168" title="Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ18">
Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ18

The Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ18 is a superzoom bridge digital camera that features:
As with most Panasonic Lumix cameras it uses a Venus Engine, in this case the Venus Engine III. 
The camera has a 2.5" color LCD display and a color electronic viewfinder, and is available in two colors, black (suffix K) and silver (suffix S).
The DMC-FZ18 became available in the USA in July 2007. The successor to the FZ18 is the FZ28.
The range of digital superzoom cameras also include models like the Nikon Coolpix P90.

</doc>
<doc id="18784173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784173" title="Nikola Kozlevo">
Nikola Kozlevo

Nikola Kozlevo (, pronounced ) is a village in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Shumen Province. It is the administrative centre of Nikola Kozlevo Municipality, which lies in the northeastern part of Shumen Province, in the geographic region of Ludogorie. The village was named after the Bulgarian National Revival revolutionary and writer Nikola Kozlev (1824–1902).

</doc>
<doc id="18784175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784175" title="Mike Colona">
Mike Colona

Mike Colona is a Democratic member of the Missouri House of Representatives. Colona represents the 67th district, which is centered on the Tower Grove South area within the city of St. Louis. Colona also serves as the House Minority Whip for the 96th General Assembly.
Personal history.
Mike Colona was born in St. Louis in 1969. He is a 1987 graduate of Fox High School in Arnold, Missouri. Colona earned a Bachelor of Science from Truman State University and a J.D. from St. Louis University. A lawyer in private practice, he specializes in personal injury, worker’s compensation and some first amendment cases. Colona has also served as an adjunct professor of criminal justice for the University of Missouri - St. Louis. Colona is openly gay and both his 2008 and 2010 campaigns won the support of the Gay & Lesbian Victory Fund. He is one of three openly LGBT legislators in Jefferson City, alongside Sen. Jolie Justus (D–Kansas City) and Rep. Jeanette Mott Oxford (D–St. Louis).
American Legislative Exchange Council.
Colona resigned from the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) stating:
Political history.
In August 2008 Colona defeated four other Democratic challengers in the primary to replace term-limited Representative Mike Daus. Colona won with nearly 43 percent of the vote. No Republican ran for the seat so Colona was unopposed in the November 2008 general election. In the 2010 general election Colona handily defeated Republican challenger Curtis Farber with 82-percent of the vote to win a second term.

</doc>
<doc id="18784188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784188" title="Luis Pizarro">
Luis Pizarro

Luis Pizarro (born October 26, 1962) is a retired boxer from Puerto Rico, who competed in the men's bantamweight (– 54 kg) and featherweight division (- 57 kg) during the late 1970s and early 1980s.
He represented his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, alongside two other boxers: Alberto Mercado and José Angel Molina. Pizarro captured the silver medal in the bantamweight category at the 1979 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18784193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784193" title="Éveline Gélinas">
Éveline Gélinas

Éveline Gélinas is a French-speaking Canadian actress who grew up in Saint-Boniface, Quebec, near Shawinigan.
She was born in 1974 and graduated from Séminaire Sainte-Marie in 1991. She was nominated for a Genie Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in "Ce qu'il faut pour vivre".
Career.
Her credits include:

</doc>
<doc id="18784196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784196" title="Las Vegas City Schools">
Las Vegas City Schools

Las Vegas City Schools is a school district based in Las Vegas, New Mexico, United States.
The district covers a area in northern San Miguel County. Within the city of Las Vegas, the district serves areas located east of the Gallinas River.
Demographics.
There were a total of 2,122 students enrolled in Las Vegas City Public Schools during the 2007-2008 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 49.91% female and 50.09% male. The racial makeup of the district was 86.43% Hispanic, 11.03% White, 1.23% Asian/Pacific Islander, 0.85% Native American, and 0.46% African American.

</doc>
<doc id="18784199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784199" title="West Las Vegas Schools">
West Las Vegas Schools

West Las Vegas Public Schools is a school district based in Las Vegas, New Mexico, United States. 
The district covers a area in southern San Miguel County. Within the city of Las Vegas, the district serves areas located west of the Gallinas River.
Demographics.
There were a total of 1,795 students enrolled in West Las Vegas Public Schools during the 2007-2008 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 48.30% female and 51.70% male. The racial makeup of the district was 92.53% Hispanic, 5.68% White, 1.06% African American, 0.61% Native American, and 0.11% Asian/Pacific Islander.

</doc>
<doc id="18784204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784204" title="Rugby union in Barbados">
Rugby union in Barbados

Rugby union in Barbados is a minor, but relatively successful sport. There are less than 1700 registered rugby players in the country and only five official IRB sanctioned teams. The governing body for rugby union in Barbados is the Barbados Rugby Football Union, and their headquarters is located in Wildey, St. Michael.
History and Governing body.
Rugby union has had a long history in Barbados, though there was originally only the one formally organised team, called the Barbados Rugby Union. In 1995 they wished to become a member of the International Rugby Board (IRB). Barbados then formed a Union with a number of clubs, three: Scorpions, Renegades and Barbados Defence Force. Since then other teams, Tridents and Emperors, have been formed. The Defence Force team is no longer active. There is also an active junior program, involving players from several secondary schools (St. Michael's School, Christ Church Foundation, Harrison College, and Garrison Secondary.) The Barbados Rugby Football Union is the recognized governing body for the sport in Barbados.
National team.
The Barbados national rugby union team is currently ranked 68th in the International Rugby Board's world rankings.
Sevens team.
The Barbados sevens team will be competing at Rugby_sevens_at_the_2014_Commonwealth_Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18784210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784210" title="Ukrainian Soviet competitions">
Ukrainian Soviet competitions

The Championship of the Ukrainian SSR in football was a top competition of association football in the Ukrainian SSR in 1921-91. Number of Ukrainian clubs almost never competed in the championship such as Dynamo Kyiv.
Historical outlook.
Established as the All-Ukrainian inter-city competition in 1921, later it was included into number of All-Ukrainian Olympiads and Spartakiads. During several seasons the competitions were suspended due to football being identified as a ""non-proletariat sport"". Also because of a difficult social cataclysm in 1933 (Holodomor), there was no competitions as well.
With the establishment of the All-Union competitions in 1936 (united competitions), the republican football competitions in Ukraine were degraded to regional level. Since then and before the Great Patriotic War, the champion of Ukraine title was awarded to a team that would place first in the First Group (Persha Hrupa) of championship among sports societies and agencies. In 1960 those competitions were suspended and republican title was awarded to the top team of Ukrainian Zone in the Class B (Soviet Second League). The consistent and uniform All-Ukrainian Soviet competition take their beginning from 1960 as the first All-Ukrainian league was formed as part of the Soviet Second League, more known back then as the Klass B, with UkrSSR zone. In 1964 there were also established lower level republican competitions among collectives of physical culture (KFK). In 1970 the Soviet Second League was named as the second group of Klass A for the season, before changing to simply the Soviet Second League. For 1990 and 1991 seasons this competition was moved further down the Soviet league levels into the newly formed Soviet Second League B also earlier known as the "G group" or simply the "Third League".
Until WWII up to 11 clubs competed in the Soviet championship. Nine clubs from Ukraine participated in the first season of the Soviet competition: Dynamo Kyiv (I Division); Dynamo Dnipropetrovsk and Dynamo Kharkiv (II Division); Dynamo Odessa, Spartak Kharkiv, Ugolschiki Staline, Lokomotyv Kyiv (III Division); Traktor Plant Kharkiv, Stal Dnipropetrovsk (IV Division). Later other clubs has entered the competition: Silmash Kharkiv, Frunze Plant Kostiantynivka, Sudostroitel Mykolaiv, and Dzerzhynets Voroshylovhrad.
The Ukrainian club competition in the Second League had existed and prior to 1963, but was not such an exclusive and consistent part of the Soviet League system. In 1970 and 1990 there were few reformations. In 1970 the First League was reduced to a single group and, because of that, the Second League extended into "upper" and "lower (B)" divisions. The lower division was named as the Second League B and for the next season was liquidated. In 1990 a similar reform was taken upon the Second League. Its 10 regional groups were reduced to just three still by the regional principal while the league was renamed into the Buffer League (West, Center, and East). This reform also introduced what was planned to be a fourth level of professional competition allowing each republic to have its own professional league. That fourth level competition was named as the Second League, the former name of the Buffer League.
Top 3 Finishers.
First League.
"Not a part of the Ukrainian republican championship"
Class B/Second League.
Note: until 1963 Class B was the second division of the Soviet football competition, analog of the First League with several zones formed by territorial principle. Since then it was degraded into the third and later renamed as the Soviet Second League. Until 1970 it consisted of two zones when it was restructured into two hierarchical leagues. Since 1971 it was simplified to a single zone of the Second League. For 1990 and 1991 the Soviet Second League was again restructured and degraded farther into the fourth division of the competition yielding to the newly formed Buffer League. Buffer League (a.k.a. Second League) covered much bigger area for the competition, while the Second League (a.k.a. Lower Second League) was assigned specifically for Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="18784219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784219" title="Sunfish, Kentucky">
Sunfish, Kentucky

Sunfish is an unincorporated community located in the northwest corner of Edmonson County, Kentucky, United States, near the Grayson County line. It is approximately 25 miles (40 km) due north of Bowling Green.
Sunfish is part of the Bowling Green Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History.
The Sunfish community is named for Sunfish Creek, a secondary tributary of the Green River which joins Bear Creek to drain the watershed of West-Central Edmonson County. The community was established prior to the 1825 formation of Edmonson County in the section of Edmonson which was originally part of Grayson County. Many of the settlers were Revolutionary War and War of 1812 veterans, and included several Catholic families.
Various independent schools existed in the community prior to the consolidation of all Edmonson County schools in the 1950s, and the former Sunfish High School remained open as an elementary (grades 1-8) school until 1979. 
Current community activities are centered around three churches, including St. Johns Catholic Church, and some small shops. Most employment and entertainment is found in Brownsville, the county seat of Edmonson County; Leitchfield, the nearest large community, in Grayson County, and in Bowling Green about an hours drive away. Several historic cemeteries exist in the Sweeden community all in various states of preservation.

</doc>
<doc id="18784230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784230" title="Mapscape BV">
Mapscape BV

Mapscape BV is a Netherlands-based independent Business-to-business digital maps service provider. The company is active in the navigation and automotive market. Mapscape is involved in content aggregation, compilation and testing of digital maps for navigation purposes. The maps are targeted for use in the automotive industry in e.g. on line and off line navigation and location based services.
The company has automotive customers such as BMW and Volkswagen, as well as navigation system suppliers, such as Continental, TomTom, Harman International, Bosch, and Elektrobit. The company uses raw navigation data from companies such as Navteq, TeleAtlas, NavInfo, and MapMyIndia which it compiles into the proprietary formats used by various navigation systems.
Furthermore, Mapscape is involved in testing and certifying a new proposed industry standard automotive map format, called the Navigation Data Standard (NDS) initiative.
In January 2011, Mapscape was acquired by Chinese digital map supplier NavInfo.

</doc>
<doc id="18784231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784231" title="His Last Twelve Hours">
His Last Twelve Hours

His Last Twelve Hours () is a 1951 drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Jean Gabin.

</doc>
<doc id="18784249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784249" title="Alan Tate (disambiguation)">
Alan Tate (disambiguation)

Alan Tate may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18784263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784263" title="HMS Weymouth (1736)">
HMS Weymouth (1736)

HMS "Weymouth" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built according to the 1733 proposals of the 1719 Establishment of dimensions at Plymouth Dockyard, and launched on 31 March 1736.
Loss.
On 17 February 1745, shortly before 01:00, "Weymouth" grounded after having sailed from English Harbour, Antigua on 13 February. All her guns and stores were removed, before "Weymouth" finally succumbed on 22 February. Her commanding officer, Captain Warwick Calmady, was court-martialed over the loss on 18—19 February, and acquitted. The pilot who was embarked on "Weymouth" was sentenced to two years at the Marshalsea prison.

</doc>
<doc id="18784270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784270" title="Séamus Dwyer">
Séamus Dwyer

(James J.) Séamus Dwyer (c.1882 – 20 December 1922) was an Irish politician. Serving as an intelligence officer for the Dublin Brigade of the Irish Republican Army, and as a Dáil Court judge he was imprisoned by the British in 1921. He was elected unopposed at the 1921 elections for the Dublin County constituency as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) in the 2nd Dáil. He voted in favour of the Anglo-Irish Treaty. He stood as a pro-Treaty Sinn Féin candidate at the 1922 general election but was not elected.
He was shot dead at his shop in Rathmines on 20 December 1922. 

</doc>
<doc id="18784271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784271" title="Martinique national rugby union team">
Martinique national rugby union team

The Martinique national rugby union team represents Martinique at the sport of rugby. Martinique has been playing international rugby since 1991 but has never qualified for a Rugby World Cup. 
They have played mainly against Caribbean sides, i.e. Trinidad & Tobago, Guyana and Barbados.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18784280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784280" title="2008–09 Football League Championship">
2008–09 Football League Championship

The 2008–09 Football League Championship (referred to as the Coca-Cola Football League Championship for sponsorship reasons) was the sixth season of the league under its current title and seventeenth season under its current league division format.
Wolverhampton Wanderers won the division to return to the Premier League after a five-year absence. They secured the Championship title on 25 April, one week after having confirmed their promotion with a victory over QPR. 
Birmingham City were promoted at the first attempt following their relegation. They secured their return to the top flight on the final day of the season by winning at promotion rivals Reading 2–1. Norwich City, Southampton and Charlton Athletic were relegated; 
Burnley won the play-offs to reach the Premier League for the first time after a 1–0 win in the play-off final against Sheffield United, who had been in with a chance of automatic promotion on the final day.
Team changes from previous season.
"Relegated from the Premier League:"
"Promoted from League One:"
"Promoted to the Premier League:"
"Relegated to League One:"
Events.
Southampton administration.
On 23 April 2009, The Football League announced that Southampton had been placed into administration. The ruling occurred after the deadline for immediate points deduction application, so the ten point deduction would have to await whether or not Southampton, in 22nd place at the time of the announcement, were relegated. If they had finished above the relegation zone, then the points would have been deducted from their total for the current year to thereby relegate them. However, since their relegation was confirmed following their penultimate match, their point penalty would be applied the next season in League One.

</doc>
<doc id="18784284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784284" title="Smyadovo">
Smyadovo

Smyadovo (, pronounced ; also transliterated "Smjadovo" or "Smiadovo") is a town in eastern Bulgaria, part of Shumen Province. It is the administrative centre of the homonymous Smyadovo Municipality, which lies in the southeastern part of the province. As of December 2009, the town has a population of 4,036 inhabitants.
Smyadovo lies in the southeastern Danubian Plain, at the northern foot of the eastern Balkan Mountains. It was first mentioned in early Ottoman times (Evliya Çelebi mentions it as "Smedovak") and was proclaimed a town in 1969.
Smyadovo Cove in Rugged Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica is named after Smyadovo.
Municipality.
Smyadovo municipality covers an area of 354 square kilometres (of which 180 square kilometres arable) and includes the following 10 places:

</doc>
<doc id="18784288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784288" title="José Angel Molina">
José Angel Molina

José Angel Molina (born October 19, 1958) is a retired boxer from Puerto Rico, who competed in the men's light-middleweight division (– 71 kg) during the late 1970s and early 1980s. 
He represented his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, alongside two other boxers: Alberto Mercado and Luis Pizarro. Molina captured the gold medal in the light-middleweight category at the 1979 Pan American Games, defeating USA's James Shuler in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18784300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784300" title="Varbitsa">
Varbitsa

Varbitsa ( ; "little willow", from "varba", "willow") may refer to the following Bulgarian toponyms:

</doc>
<doc id="18784303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784303" title="Jai (actor)">
Jai (actor)

Jai (born 6 April 1985) is a Tamil film actor. He is best known for his performances and appearances in the films "Chennai 600028", "Subramaniapuram" and "Engeyum Eppodhum". He is the nephew of music director Deva and cousin of Srikanth Deva.
Career.
Jai made his film debut at age 16 as Vijay's younger brother in the 2002 film "Bhagavathi". Jai was set to make his debut in the lead role in a remake of the Telugu film, "6 Teens", but the film never took off.
His first notable role was in "Chennai 600028" (2007) and his first lead role was in the critically acclaimed "Subramaniapuram" (2008). He has since appeared in notable movies such as "Goa", "Kanimozhi", "Aval Peyar Tamizharasi" and "Vaamanan". After a couple of films that did not do well, he enjoyed success with "Engaeyum Eppothum" and "Raja Rani". In 2013 he had another release "Naveena Saraswathi Sabatham". Jai has worked only with debut directors in his career and only rejoined with one director, Venkat Prabhu for "Goa" after "Chennai 600028".
He is currently shooting for five films. He has also signed a film to be produced by Gautham Menon and directed by Prabhu Deva's former assistant, Prem Sai.
Jai has stated that he is fond of racing and holds a national car racing licence.
Controversy.
In March 2009, Jai ran into trouble for making controversial comments about the potential box office fare of his future films. The actor, who was filming for "Vaamanan", "Aval Peyar Thamizharasi", "Adhe Neram Adhe Idam" and "Arjunan Kadhali" at the time, revealed that only "Vaamanan" would do well and the rest would become financial failures. The producer of his films also revealed they wanted to take action against Jai for "making such irresponsible and damaging statements about his own films." Initially, the Nadigar Sangam council had asked him to complete his pending assignments before he could start work on any other project, beginning with Venkat Prabhu's "Goa". The film's producer, Soundarya Rajinikanth, intervened and bailed Jai out of the ban.

</doc>
<doc id="18784305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784305" title="Monts d'Arrée">
Monts d'Arrée

The Monts d'Arrée are an ancient mountain range in western Brittany which forms part of the Armorican massif. Historically it marked the border of the regions of Cornouaille and Léon.
The mounts constitute rocks dramatically emerging from the land, running in a north-eastern line across the landscape.

</doc>
<doc id="18784307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784307" title="Roy Rowland (film director)">
Roy Rowland (film director)

Roy Rowland (December 31, 1910 – June 29, 1995) was a film director. The New York-born director helmed a number of films in the 1950s and 60s including "Our Vines Have Tender Grapes", "Meet Me in Las Vegas", "Rogue Cop", "The 5000 Fingers of Doctor T" and "The Girl Hunters". Rowland married Ruth Cummings, the niece of Louis B. Mayer and sister of Jack Cummings (MGM producer/director). They had one son, Steve Rowland, born in 1932, who later became a music producer in the UK, and has recently published his memoir "Hollywood Heat".
Rowland, before becoming involved in film studied law at U.S.C. He later got work as a script clerk for MGM. This eventually led him to becoming a film director. Rowland started directing one-reel and two reel films before moving on to feature films in 1943. In the mid-60s Rowland directed three spaghetti westerns before retiring from film directing.

</doc>
<doc id="18784334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784334" title="Rupesh Amin">
Rupesh Amin

Rupesh Amin (born 20 August 1977) is an English first class cricketer and List A cricketer who played First class games for Surrey County Cricket Club and Leicestershire County Cricket Club. He played all his List A games for Surrey. His highest score in First class cricket of 12 came when playing for Surrey in the match against Leicestershire. His best bowling of 4/87 came when playing for Surrey in the match against Somerset County Cricket Club.
His Highest score in List A cricket of 0* came when playing for Surrey against Northamptonshire County Cricket Club.
He also played a total of 63 games for Surrey and Leicestershire second XI. and 39 Second XI cup games for surrey and Leicestershire second XI.

</doc>
<doc id="18784337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784337" title="D'Arbonne National Wildlife Refuge">
D'Arbonne National Wildlife Refuge

D'Arbonne National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge of the United States located north of West Monroe, Louisiana. It is in Ouachita and Union Parishes on either side of Bayou D'Arbonne near its confluence with the Ouachita River. It lies on the western edge of the Mississippi River alluvial valley. It was established in 1975 to protect bottomland hardwoods and provide wintering habitat for migratory waterfowl. D'Arbonne is one of four refuges managed in the North Louisiana Refuges Complex.
Ecology.
The refuge is bisected by 13 miles of Bayou D'Arbonne and is crisscrossed by numerous creeks, sloughs, and oxbow lakes. Cypress swamps and bottomland hardwood and upland forests provide several types of habitat for native plants and animals. Local species include the American alligator, Rafinesque's big-eared bat, the Bald Eagle, and the Red-cockaded Woodpecker.
In years of normal or above rainfall, the refuge's bottomland hardwood forest is a very important overflow area for the Ouachita River basin. High water levels, which usually occur between January and May, can flood up to 87% of the refuge. The wetland forests not only provide habitat to wetland-dependent wildlife, but they also reduce damage from flooding in developed areas. They filter silt and pollutants from the water and they provide recharge areas for aquifers.
Recreation.
No camping is allowed on the refuge. Camping areas can be found in nearby Lake D'Arbonne State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18784341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784341" title="The City Stands Trial">
The City Stands Trial

The City Stands Trial () is a 1952 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Amedeo Nazzari. It was entered into the 3rd Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18784344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784344" title="Diarmait mac Tommaltaig">
Diarmait mac Tommaltaig

Diarmait mac Tommaltaig (died 833) was a king of Connacht from the Uí Briúin branch of the Connachta. He was the great-grandson of Indrechtach mac Muiredaig Muillethan(d.723), a previous king. The death of his father Tommaltach mac Murgail (died 774) is recorded in the annals where he is called king of Mag nAi. He succeeded his brother Muirgius mac Tommaltaig (died 815). He was of the Síl Muiredaig sept of the Uí Briúin. He ruled from 815 to 833.
His brother had been a successful king who built up the local power of Connacht. Diarmait was confronted with opposition upon his succession. In 816 he defeated the Uí Fiachrach Muaidhe (a rival dynasty of County Mayo who had last held the kingship in 773) and sacked Foibrén in the territory of Grecraige (a subject people of the Uí Fiachrach Muaidhe). The annals point out that many common people were killed in this attack. 
Then in 818 he imposed his authority over the Uí Maine (the third major grouping of Connacht in Counties Galway and southern Roscommon) with a victory at the Battle of Forath in the territory of the Delba Nuadat (a subject people of Uí Maine in southern Roscommon). Their king Cathal mac Murchada was slain. Máel Cothaid mac Fogartaig of the Síl Cathail sept of the Ui Briun is listed with Diarmait as victors in this battle and they are called Kings of the Uí Briúin, implying Diarmait may have shared his rule at first.
In 822 Diarmait defeated his rivals among the Uí Briúin at the Battle of Tarbga. Dúnchad son of Maenach, and Gormgal son of Dúnchad were slain. In this battle the Uí Maine fought alongside Diarmait. The annals record another battle among the Connachta in 824 in which many fell. No more opposition is recorded to the rule of Diarmait in the annals after this.
In 818 the Bishop of Armagh, Artrí son of Conchobor, came to Connacht with the shrine of Saint Patrick. He returned in 825 to impose the law of Patrick upon the three Connachta. These actions would help to establish the legitimacy of Diarmait's rule.
In 829 the high king Conchobar mac Donnchada (died 833), with the men of Mide (Meath), attacked Connacht and defeated the Connachta in battle. In 830, the King of Munster, Feidlimid mac Crimthainn (died 847), invaded and crushed the southern Uí Briúin Seola. These actions occurred during a short-lived alliance of these two kings who were soon engaged in hostility with one another.

</doc>
<doc id="18784351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784351" title="Abass Inusah">
Abass Inusah

Abass Inusah (born 7 August 1982 in Kumasi, Ghana) is a footballer, who currently plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Career.
His first move to Europe ended after six months at Mattersburg in Austria. August 31, 2004 he moved to Premier Soccer League (PSL) side Supersport United FC have completed the signing of lanky Ghanaian defender on a three-year deal.
International.
Inusah was a member of the Ghana squad that finished second at the FIFA World Youth Championship in Argentina together with the likes of John Mensah, Michael Essien, Anthony Obodai, Derek Boateng, Razak Pimpong, Sulley Muntari, John Paintsil. Famous for scoring in the Semi-Finals match against Egypt whom we beat 2-0 to qualify to the Finals.

</doc>
<doc id="18784379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784379" title="Carlos Fonseca (boxer)">
Carlos Fonseca (boxer)

Carlos Antunes da Fonseca (born October 28, 1955) is a retired boxer from Brazil, who competed in the men's middleweight division (– 75 kg) during the late 1970s and early 1980s. 
He represented his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, alongside three other boxers: Sidnei dal Rovere, Jaime Franco and Francisco de Jesus. Fonseca captured the silver medal in the middleweight category at the 1979 Pan American Games, losing to Cuba's José Gómez in the final.
Today he lives in the city Guaruja, São Paulo State.
He is married to Maria Cristina and has three sons, Anderson Fonseca, Carlos Jr. and Gustavo Fonseca Antunes.

</doc>
<doc id="18784401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784401" title="Wilts &amp; Berks Canal Trust">
Wilts &amp; Berks Canal Trust

The Wilts & Berks Canal Trust is a registered charity no. 299595, and a waterway society based in Wiltshire, England, concerned with the restoration of the Wilts & Berks Canal.
The Trust is the successor to the Wilts & Berks Canal Amenity Group (formed in 1977) and a founder member of the Wilts & Berks Canal Partnership, which embraces the Trust, the local authorities for the areas through which the route of the canal passes, statutory bodies, and other interested parties.
History.
The Trust originated in 1977 as the Wilts & Berks Canal Amenity Group whose remit was to protect what remained of the canal, and restore short sections for their amenity value.
The first Wilts & Berks Canal Trust (W&BCT) was formed in 1997. Wilts & Berks Canal Amenity Group was a founding member of the Trust together with North Wilts District Council, West Wilts District Council, Swindon Borough Council, Vale of the White Horse District Council, Oxfordshire County Council and Wiltshire County Council. However, the structure of the Trust prevented them from applying for certain funds and grants, and was wound up in 2001.
The Trust re-emerged as a member of the Wilts & Berks Canal Partnership in 2001.
In 2007, membership rose to over 2000 for the first time. The Duchess of Cornwall became patron of the trust in 2006.
Aim.
To protect, conserve and improve the route of the Wilts & Berks Canal, North Wilts Canal, and branches, for the benefit of the community and environment, with the ultimate goal of restoring a continuous navigable waterway linking the Kennet and Avon Canal near Melksham, the River Thames near Abingdon, and the Thames and Severn Canal near Cricklade.

</doc>
<doc id="18784402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784402" title="S89">
S89

S89 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18784420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784420" title="Al Noor City">
Al Noor City

Al Noor City comprises twin cities, which have not yet been constructed, as part of a mega project to link Asia and Africa by building a transcontinental bridge over the Red Sea. The total investment is expected to reach 200 billion US dollars over a 15-year period.
A key part of the plan is to connect the two cities with a bridge named the Bridge of the Horns, spanning the southern mouth of the Red Sea. The two planned cities are expected to be built on each end of the Bridge of the Horns. One Al-Noor city is planned to be built in Yemen on an area of ; the linking city is planned to be built in Djibouti on . The twin cities will run on renewable energy. On the Djibouti side, President Ismael Omar Guelleh has granted to build Noor City, the first of the hundreds of "Cities of Light" the Saudi Binladen Group envisions building. The developers state that they expect Noor City to have 2.5 million residents by 2025, and the Yemeni twin city to have 4.5 million, while they envision a new airport serving both cities at a capacity of 100 million passengers annually. A new highway connecting the cities to Dubai is proposed, though there are no plans for roads to connect sparsely populated Djibouti with the population centers of Addis Ababa in Ethiopia or Khartoum in Sudan. The plan is extremely expensive and ambitious, and is sited in a relatively undeveloped area with sparse resources; according to The Economist, ""Africans may wonder why the hub is not being built in a bit of Africa where more Africans live and which has food and water.""

</doc>
<doc id="18784431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784431" title="Luis Otero Cifuentes">
Luis Otero Cifuentes

Luis Otero Cifuentes (Cali 1946- Bogotá 1985) was a politician and Colombian guerrilla.
Biography.
He studied Anthropology in the National University. He became a militant of Communist Youth (in Spanish Juventud Comunista Juco) and Fought in Cuba to the side of Castro in the Escambray and was one of the founders of the 19th of April Movement (M-19). 
He was the one who planned to take them from the embassy of Dominican Republic. Court in verbal Advice military in a the jail the Picota, was found guilty. It left pound at the mercy of the pardon granted to the members of the M-19 
In spite of being maximum head of the commando that occupied the seat of justice, this senior officer of the M-19 was commander of the operation Antonio Nariño by the Rights of the man, as he himself indicate it in a radial interview from the Palace. In any case it was the one who planning the combat operation been whatever of the success that had obtained years ago in the taking of the Embassy. He dies next to its companions during to date retakes of the Palace next to its companions but their corpse is missing.

</doc>
<doc id="18784438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784438" title="Emmanuel Ledesma">
Emmanuel Ledesma

Emmanuel Jorge Ledesma (born 24 May 1988) is an Argentine footballer who is currently playing for Middlesbrough.
Career.
After moving through the youth ranks of Serie A side Genoa, Ledesma joined Queens Park Rangers on a season-long loan in June 2008. Ledesma made a bright start to his career in English football, highlighted by a hat-trick at home to Carlisle in the second round of the League Cup, this coming days after his first and what turned out to be only league goal for QPR in a 2–0 win over Doncaster Rovers. After only a few games at Loftus Road, he had made a good impression on many Queens Park Rangers fans and a limited edition t-shirt was made in his honour. On 2 February 2009 he left QPR by mutual consent to join Serie B side Salernitana in a half-season loan move.
In July 2009 he went to Novara Calcio, on loan from Genoa, with option to sign him in a co-ownership deal. Although he won promotion to Serie B with Novara, in June 2010, the club decided to send him back to Genoa. Ledesma subsequently signed for newly promoted Serie B club, F.C. Crotone, in a co-ownership deal, however, after only half of the season, he returned to Genoa and was released in January 2011.
Following his release by Genoa, Ledesma was offered a trial with Brighton and Hove Albion where, despite scoring on his debut for the reserves, he was not offered a permanent deal. While playing for Brighton reserves, Ledesma was spotted by Walsall, where he successfully completed a trial, and contracted himself to Walsall until the end of the 2010–11 season. Ledesma scored one goal in aiding Walsall's successful survival against relegation, before returning to Argentina to re-join boyhood club Defensa y Justicia. Ledesma returned to England in 2012 and, in March, again signed a contract with Walsall for the remainder of the 2011–12 season.
Ledesma signed a three year contract with Middlesbrough in July 2012. On 11 August 2012, Ledesma scored on his first competitive game for Middlesbrough, scoring in a 2 – 1 victory over Bury in the first round of the League Cup. After struggling to establish himself in the first team squad, he added a second goal scored directly from a corner in a 3–1 victory over Preston North End in the third round. Ledesma scored his first league goal for Middlesbrough in a 4–1 win against Charlton Athletic. Ledesma was named in the Championship team of the week after the Charlton match and followed up this strong performance with a man of the match effort against Sheffield Wednesday a week later. He also scored a free kick in a 3–0 home win over Huddersfield Town. After struggling to get amongst the first team again in the 2013/2014 season, Ledesma earned a place in the lineup in December under new manager Aitor Karanka and scored two goals in two games. He scored another long range effort a month later against Charlton Athletic.

</doc>
<doc id="18784450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784450" title="Easy Years">
Easy Years

Easy Years () is a 1953 drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Nino Taranto. 

</doc>
<doc id="18784453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784453" title="Stanley Amor">
Stanley Amor

Stanley Long Amor, born at Bath, Somerset on 22 July 1887 and died at Bath on 7 August 1965, played first-class cricket for Somerset irregularly for a period of more than 20 years.
A tail-end batsman and wicketkeeper, Amor played exactly half of his 26 first-class matches for Somerset in games at Bath, and his first-class career never took him further north than Worcester, though that visit brought him his highest first-class score of 21.
Primarily, Amor was a club cricketer, acting as captain and wicketkeeper for Bath Cricket Club from 1914 to 1950, and president and chairman after that. That he might have made the grade at a higher level of cricket is suggested by the fact that, in the 1922 and 1923 seasons, he figured in late-season festival cricket at Eastbourne and Hastings, playing for South v North, for the Royal Air Force (Ex-Service) side against the Rest of England, and for The Rest against Lord Cowdray's XI, alongside notable cricketing names such as Jack Hobbs, Frank Woolley, Percy Fender and the Gilligans.
He was awarded the OBE.

</doc>
<doc id="18784459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784459" title="James H. Laughlin">
James H. Laughlin

James H. Laughlin was a pioneer of the iron and steel industry in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was born March 1, 1806 near Portaferry in County Down. Laughlin died on December 18, 1882.
Steel industry.
In 1854, Laughlin bought the retiring Bernard Lauth's interest in the steel partnership with Benjamin Franklin Jones. The company was renamed Jones and Laughlin in 1861, later reorganized as J&L Steel.
Involvement in Pittsburgh.
In 1844, Laughlin was appointed as a corporator to the board responsible for establishing the Allegheny Cemetery.
In 1852, Laughlin and his associates, including B.F. Jones, founded a banking organization that, when chartered, was the First National Bank of Pittsburgh, later Pittsburgh National Bank.
Laughlin was the first president of the Western Theological Seminary in Pittsburgh.
He was a founder of the Pennsylvania Female College, which later became Chatham University.

</doc>
<doc id="18784478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784478" title="S91">
S91

S91 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18784486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784486" title="Régie des alcools, des courses et des jeux">
Régie des alcools, des courses et des jeux

The Régie des alcools, des courses et des jeux (RACJ) is the board established by the government of Quebec to regulate the alcohol, lottery, publicity contests, gambling, racing, and combat sports industries. There are seventeen commissioners on the board, including a president, usually two vice-presidents, all appointed by the government for a term not exceeding five years.

</doc>
<doc id="18784491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784491" title="Department of Medicine – University of Pamplona">
Department of Medicine – University of Pamplona

The Department of Medicine of the University of Pamplona is part of the Faculty of Health and (as its name indicates) it is responsible for the academic program of Medicina. This program got the "qualified registration" by the Ministry of Education by 7 years, through the Decree N°5882 (which was issued on December 13, 2005). This department has 329 students.
At present an own tower for this department is being built in the main campus of the university, which would be located behind the cafeteria, on the side of Padre Enrique Rochereaux Building.
Its operation was initially linked to "Hospital Erasmo Meoz", however at present uses the Clinic of the Social Security, which were acquired recently by the university. The current director of the department is Dr. Mauritius Sarrazola Sanjuan, who in turn is the dean of the Faculty of Health.

</doc>
<doc id="18784495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784495" title="Željko Bogut">
Željko Bogut

Željko Bogut (born October 8, 1969 in Mostar, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian chess player and two time national champion, only player in Bosnia and Herzegovina who won title twice, in 2006 and in 2010. This second time earned him GM norm.
Biography.
Željko Bogut was born in Mostar. He learned to play chess as a five-year-old and became an active chess player in 1994, when he started playing for "Hšk Zrinjski Mostar". His first major win was achieved in Herzegovina in 1987. He played for "Hšk Zrinjski Mostar" until 1997. During that time, he was the champion of Herzeg-Bosnia in 1995 and tied for first place in the same contest in 1996. The same year he won an international tournament in Biel and in 1997, won the Open Tournament H-B in Mostar. In 1997 he changed his club to ŠK Široki Brijeg. From 1997 on, he won the Open Tournament of Dubrovnik in 2003 and became the champion of Bosnia and Herzegovina. He won a lot of rapid tournaments while representing each of his clubs.
In team chess, he took part in three Chess Olympiads, in Calviá, Turin and Dresden, playing for Bosnia and Herzegovina. He alao took part in two European Team Chess Championships, in Crete and Novi Sad. Other than playing club chess, he has also opened a chess school. He currently has 2468 points on the ELO list which is his highest rating ever.
Private life.
Bogut is married and has four children. His occupation is a lawyer and he works in the county archive in Široki Brijeg.
Sample game.
In round 3 of 17th Croatian team Championship - 1B League in 2008, Bogut defeated 84th player on the July 2008 FIDE list Murtas Kazhgaleyev with the white pieces in a Sicilian defense.
'"1. e4 c5 2. Nf3 d6 3. Bb5+ Nc6 4. d4 cxd4 5. Qxd4 Bd7 6. Bxc6 Bxc6 7. Nc3 h6 8. Be3 e5 9. Qd3 Nf6 10. O-O-O Be7 11. h3 Rc8 12. Kb1 b5 13. Nd2 b4 14. Nd5 Nxd5 15. exd5 Ba4 16. Rc1 O-O 17. g4 Qd7 18. Ne4 a5 19. Rhg1 Bb5 20. Qd2 a4 21. g5 Kh7 22. h4 b3 23. gxh6 g6 24. Bg5 bxc2+ 25. Rxc2 Qf5 26. Nc3 Rxc3 27. bxc3 f6 28. Be3 Bd3 29. Rgc1 Qe4 30. Ka1 Bxc2 31. Qxc2 Qxh4 32. f4 exf4 33. Qxa4 f5 34. Bd4 f3 35. Qd7 Kxh6 36. Bf2 Rd8 37. Qe6 Qxf2 38. Qxe7 Kh5 39. Qxd8 g5 40. Qxd6 Qd2 41. Rh1+ Kg4 42. Rg1+ Kh5 43. Qe5 f2 44. Qe8+ Kh6 45. Rh1+ Kg7 46. Qh8+ 1-0

</doc>
<doc id="18784496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784496" title="Miu Nakamura">
Miu Nakamura

Biography.
After leaving middle school, she decided not to take the high school entrance exam, and instead chose to focus on her modelling career. At the age of 14, her first gravure DVD, "Fairy", was released on December 1, 2005. An innocent-looking girl donning provocative swimsuits, Nakamura soon caught the attention of idol fans.
In July 2006, she won the title of "Miss Young Magazine". After winning the title, she was quoted as saying that she would show her naughtier side from then on. However, towards the end of 2007, rumours about her leaving the idol industry began to spread and she didn't appear in public for several months. Following her return to the public gaze it was rumoured that she had been absent so long because she had been taken from her home in Iwate prefecture by an unnamed relative with alleged links to the Yakuza.
Since returning, she has focused more on music, acting and voice-acting as well as modelling. Her career as a singer is now beginning to be genuinely successful, her album "Stand My Ground" with its gothic rather than pop overtones selling well in Asia even outside Japan.
DVDs.
2005
2006
2007
2008
Filmography.
Drama
Anime
Movies

</doc>
<doc id="18784511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784511" title="Fred Wellington Bowen">
Fred Wellington Bowen

Fred Wellington Bowen (born May 23, 1877 in Newcastle, Ontario, Canada-died July 7, 1949) was a Canadian politician and farmer. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1921 as a Member of the historical Conservative Party to represent the riding of Durham. He was re-elected in the elections of 1925, 1926, 1930 but defeated in 1935. Prior to his federal career, he was reeve and councillor of Clarke Township, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="18784520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784520" title="Varbitsa (town)">
Varbitsa (town)

Varbitsa ( ; "little willow", from "varba", "willow"; also transliterated "Vǎrbica", "Varbitza", "Varbica", "Vurbica", "Vurbitza", "Vurbitsa") is a town in eastern Bulgaria, part of Shumen Province. It is the administrative centre of Varbitsa Municipality, which lies in the southwestern part of Shumen Province. As of December 2009, the town has a population of 3,585 inhabitants.
Varbitsa is located in the southeastern Danubian Plain, at the foot of the eastern Balkan Mountains, on both banks of the Gerila river. The area was populated in Antiquity by the Thracians and Romans, while the Slavs and Bulgars arrived in the Early Middle Ages. It is thought that the first ruler of the First Bulgarian Empire, Asparuh, settled the Severians in the region of the Varbitsa Pass in order to guard it in the 7th century. The pass was the site of the Battle of Pliska on 26 July 811, during which Krum of Bulgaria's forces routed the Byzantine army, killing and beheading Byzantine Emperor Nikephoros I.
Municipality.
Varbitsa municipality includes the following 16 places:

</doc>
<doc id="18784522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784522" title="Delta National Wildlife Refuge">
Delta National Wildlife Refuge

The Delta National Wildlife Refuge is located east of Venice, Louisiana along the Mississippi River. The area formed when a breach in the natural levee of the Mississippi River occurred in 1862 approximately below New Orleans, Louisiana. The refuge was purchased in 1935 with the primary purpose to provide sanctuary and habitat to wintering waterfowl. Access is by boat only.
Wildlife and habitat.
Delta NWR supports a wide variety of wildlife species. Tens of thousands of wintering waterfowl take advantage of the rich food resources found in the delta. Large numbers of other bird species can be found on the refuge, with numbers peaking during the spring and fall migrations. Large numbers of wading birds nest on the refuge, and thousands of shorebirds can be found on tidal mudflats and deltaic splays. Numerous furbearers and game mammals are year-round residents, and the marshes and waterways provide year-round and seasonal habitat for a diversity of fish and shellfish species.
Thousands of shorebirds use the refuge as a wintering area and also as a resting and staging area during migration. Commonly observed species include greater and lesser yellowlegs, long-billed dowitchers, dunlins, western sandpipers, Wilson's plovers, killdeer and willets.
Raptors are a common sight on Delta NWR. The most commonly observed species include American kestrels, northern harriers, red-tailed hawks and turkey vultures. Black vultures, Cooper's hawks, merlins, red-shouldered hawks and sharp-shinned hawks have also been seen on the refuge. Ospreys are common winter visitors to the refuge.
Large numbers of passerine birds (songbirds) utilize the refuge as a resting and staging area during the spring and fall migrations. Deer are frequently observed by the refuge staff on the natural pass banks, manmade spoil banks, and the marshes associated with these features. Swamp rabbits are found over much of the refuge, and populations appear to be stable. A number offurbearing species make their homes on Delta NWR. The most abundant of these is the nutria.
The marshes and waterways of the Delta NWR support a diversity of fish species. Speckled trout, redfish, flounder, blue crabs and shrimp are important saltwater species found on the refuge. Catfish, largemouth bass, and various sunfish species are found in the freshwater areas of the refuge. Delta NWR is an extremely important nursery area for both fresh and saltwater fish species.
The marsh habitat on the refuge is classified as Paulustrine Emergent Wetlands. Two basic marsh zones occur within the habitat: fresh marsh nearest the main tributaries, and brackish marsh near the Gulf of Mexico. The fertile soils, vegetative composition, and shallow water wetland environment offers outstanding recreational opportunities such as fishing, wildlife observation, photography, hunting, and primitive camping. It provides protection and habitat to numerous plant and wildlife species including the following endangered and threatened species; the American Alligator, Brown Pelican, Arctic peregrine falcon and the Piping Plover. Untold numbers of passerine birds "song birds" and shorebirds use the refuge as a staging area during migration periods. Waterfowl counts in excess of 400,000 ducks and geese present on the refuge during peak population periods have been recorded.
The fresh marsh is located primarily on mineral soil and to a very limited extent, on flotons (i.e., floating mats of emergent vegetation). Approximately 60% of the refuge consists of the fresh marsh zone. The predominant plants are delta duck potato (Sagittaria platyphylla), elephant ear (Colocasia antiquorum), wild millet (Echinochloa crus-galli), delta three-square (Scirpus deltarum), and roseau cane (Phragmites sp.). The marsh is tidally influenced and water levels fluctuate from a few inches to a foot or more. The fertile soils, vegetative composition and shallow water environment create a highly productive habitat for fish and wildlife.
Hurricane damage.
Delta National Wildlife Refuge took a direct hit from Hurricane Katrina. Facilities at the refuge sub-headquarters located in Venice were severely damaged. The refuge itself was also changed in many ways, as it has over the years when hurricanes and tropical storms have hit the area. Marsh and beach areas were eroded, trees were blown down or damaged, debris was washed onto the refuge and vegetation was stressed by saltwater intrusion. Several oil spills and a grounded barge impacted the refuge.
Camping is no longer allowed on Delta National Wildlife Refuge.
Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
The oil slick from the explosion of Deepwater Horizon reached the reserve. The spill was larger in size than the Exxon Valdez oil spill.

</doc>
<doc id="18784527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784527" title="Solomon Islands national beach soccer team">
Solomon Islands national beach soccer team

The Solomon Islands national beach soccer team represents Solomon Islands in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by S.I.F.F, the governing body for football in Solomon Islands.
The team are known as the Bilikiki, or Bilikiki Boys, after a sea bird which inspired "a popular children’s song". The team have adopted both the bird and the song, and are "known for performing the song and dance when they win their matches".
They are statistically the best team in Oceania. Ranked fourteenth in the world as of 2010, they have won every regional championship since regional championships began in 2006. Their opening match 7–6 victory over Uruguay (former world finalists) in the 2009 World Cup has been described as "Solomon Islands’ biggest achievement so far in a FIFA tournament".
In January 2011, the Bilikiki played a friendly beach soccer match against the Kurukuru, the Solomon Islands national futsal team, which is also one of the most successful teams in Oceania. The Bilikiki won 4–1. Previously, the two teams had met for a friendly futsal match, which the Kurukuru had won 5–3.
Current squad.
"Correct as of September 2013"
Coach: Gideon Omokirio
Achievements.
Note: No 2008 championship – Solomon Islands were automatically selected as the best team in the continent for the world cup)

</doc>
<doc id="18784528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784528" title="67 Squadron">
67 Squadron

67 Squadron or 67th Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18784530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784530" title="Mary Sharp College">
Mary Sharp College

Mary Sharp College (1851-1896), first known as the Tennessee and Alabama Female Institute, was a women's college, located in Winchester, Tennessee. It was named after the abolitionist Mary Sharp.
History.
The college was first chartered in 1850 and was directed by Dr. Z. C. Graves and the Baptist Church. It "was the first women's college in the United States to offer degrees equivalent to those offered at men's colleges." 
Graves offered a radical curriculum. He patterned the classical curriculum at Mary Sharp College after those offered at Amherst College, Brown University, and the University of Virginia. He emphasized religious and moral training and required every student to attend chapel. Students at Mary Sharp, unlike those at other female colleges and academies, studied algebra, geometry, and trigonometry; Latin and Greek; English literature, grammar, and composition; ancient, English, and American history; philosophy and rhetoric; geography and geology; and botany, chemistry, astronomy, and physiology.
The college awarded its first degrees in 1855. The economic depression of the 1890s led to its closure in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="18784535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784535" title="S93">
S93

S93 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18784553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784553" title="Stelian Trasborg">
Stelian Trasborg

Stelian Mladenov Kamburov Trasborg (born 21 July 1989 in Copenhagen) is a Bulgarian footballer, who is currently contracted with Elite 3000 Helsingør.
Career.
Trasborg began his career with Greve IF and signed 2006 for Danish 1st Division club Lyngby BK. In July 2010 left Lyngby Boldklub and signed a three years contract with Elite 3000 Helsingør.
International career.
He has played youth internationals for the Bulgaria national under-19 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="18784561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784561" title="Francisco de Jesus">
Francisco de Jesus

Francisco de Jesus (born May 9, 1956) is a retired boxer from Brazil, who competed in the men's light-middleweight division (– 71 kg) during the late 1970s and early 1980s. 
Nicknamed "Chiquinho" he represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1976. In 1980 (Moscow) he was one out of four boxers; the other ones being Sidnei dal Rovere, Jaime Franco and Carlos Fonseca. De Jesus captured the bronze medal in the light-middleweight category at the 1979 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18784596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784596" title="Iceland–United Kingdom relations">
Iceland–United Kingdom relations

Icelandic–British relations are foreign relations between Iceland and the United Kingdom. 
Iceland has been an independent part of the Kingdom of Denmark since 1918. Fearing an Axis move against Iceland following the Nazi Occupation of Denmark, British forces landed on Iceland in 1940. In June 17 1944, 200 days after the 25 year Danish–Icelandic Act of Union had expired and following a referendum Iceland was declared an independent republic, recognized by London as well as the King of Denmark.
From Iceland’s independence until the mid-1970s, bilateral relations were difficult due to the 'Cod Wars' (a series of disputes over fishing rights in the 1950s and 1970s). Since then relations are much better, mainly because both countries have common interests including free trade, defence, environmental protection and international peace. Both countries are members of NATO and the European Economic Area.
HM Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom paid a state visit to Iceland in June 1990.
The United Kingdom has an embassy in Reykjavík. Iceland has an embassy in London and 17 honorary consulates in: Aberdeen, Birmingham, Cardiff, Dover, East Riding of Yorkshire, Edinburgh, Fleetwood, Glasgow, Grimsby, Guernsey, Jersey (in the Channel Islands), Lerwick, Liverpool, Manchester, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Northern Ireland, and York.
Disputes past and present.
Rockall.
Rockall was claimed by a number of nations, including Iceland and the United Kingdom, as well as by the Republic of Ireland and Denmark (on behalf of the Faroe Islands). The United Kingdom and Ireland reached a power sharing agreement over Rockall, but as yet no other agreements exist with Iceland or Denmark.
Icesave dispute.
The Icesave dispute was a dispute between Iceland and the United Kingdom, Germany and the Netherlands over frozen assets held by collapsed Icelandic banks which operated in the above countries, causing much political tension.
Mackerel row.
In recent years, mackerel migration and spawning has taken place into both Faroese and Icelandic waters and since then the quota Iceland has allocated to itself has risen to a 130,000-ton quoata. This has led to tensions between the Icelandic government and those of the United Kingdom, Norway and Ireland. The EU and Norway awarded themselves 90% of the TAC in 2011, despite Icelandic and Faroese objections. Scientific investigations concluded that the TAC of mackerel should be 646,000 tons, of which the EU and Norway awarded themselves 583,882 tons, leaving only 62,118 tons for the Faroe Islands and Iceland. This debate has led to speculation of a future cod war.
Diplomatic missions.
The Embassy of Iceland in London is located on Hans Street in Kensington.

</doc>
<doc id="18784599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784599" title="Carl Amos">
Carl Amos

Carl Amos (born 30 March 1973) is an English cricketer who played all his 13 List A games for Norfolk County Cricket Club.
His highest score of 76 came when playing for Norfolk in a match against Surrey Cricket Board.
He has also played 97 Minor Counties Championship games and 52 Minor Counties Trophy Matches for Norfolk.

</doc>
<doc id="18784602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784602" title="Lo schiavo">
Lo schiavo

Lo schiavo ("O escravo", "The Slave") is an opera seria in four acts by the Brazilian composer Carlos Gomes. The Italian libretto was by Rodolfo Paravicini, after a play by Alfredo Taunay. The opera deals with the subject of slavery, a major concern in Brazil at the time (the institution had only been abolished by the "Lei Áurea" in 1888).
As Béhague explains, ""Lo schiavo" is considered in Brazil to be the best of Gomes's operas, as it reflects a national subject which required and was given new treatment."
Performance history.
It was first performed at the Theatro Imperial Dom Pedro II, Rio de Janeiro on 27 September 1889.
Synopsis.
A drama involving Indians and Portuguese, this is the love story of Américo, son of Count Rodrigo, and Ilàra, who is forced to marry another Indian called Ibère.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="18784606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784606" title="Of Life and Love">
Of Life and Love

Of Life and Love () is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Aldo Fabrizi, Giorgio Pastina, Mario Soldati and Luigi Zampa.
Plot.
The film tells four episodes from stories written by Luigi Pirandello (from the work: "Novelle per un anno").
The jar.
A landowner ignorant and arrogant he is afraid that his big jar is broken because of a storm that is coming and he entrusts it to one of its employees silly that the rocks. The owner angrily dismisses the man and called Zi 'Dima, the master repairman to fix the jar, but they get stuck in there.
Ventaglino.
A woman spends all his possessions for a fan and starts to play the role of a prostitute.
The license.
Rosario chiarchiaro she won the enmity of his countrymen because he wants to settle the "license Evil Eye" so that his family can live in more favorable conditions. To do this, disguises herself as a true bearer of bad luck (think that Toto had a great fear for jettatori) finally getting his job
Marsina close.
A professor (Fabrizi) is invited to the wedding of a former student, posing in evening dress. But the girl has a nervous breakdown due to the sudden death of his mother on the day of the wedding, because it is not able to sustain the excitement of seeing her dressed as a bride, but the professor will do anything to get her to change her mind, partly because the 'man being slightly overweight is very uncomfortable in her tight tails.
Preface 
The film is presented by actor and voice actor Emilio Cigoli, located in dubbing room, he explains the meaning of the four episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="18784616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784616" title="Mannie Heymans">
Mannie Heymans

Mannie Heymans (born 15 July 1971) is a Namibian cyclist. He was born in Krugersdorp, South Africa.
Personal.
Heymans moved to Namibia in 1984 while the country was still controlled by his native South Africa. A rugby player until then, Heymans began cycling in 1987.
International.
Heymans has represented Namibia numerous times, including at the 1991, 1995, 1999 and 2003 All-Africa Games. He also competed for his country at the 1994, 1998, 2002 and 2006 Commonwealth Games. As for the Summer Olympics, Heymans has participated in the 2000, 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics. In the 2008 games, Heymans was the country's flag-bearer at the opening ceremonies.

</doc>
<doc id="18784617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784617" title="Venets, Shumen Province">
Venets, Shumen Province

Venets (, pronounced ; also transliterated "Venec" or "Venetz", meaning "wreath") is a village in southeastern Bulgaria, part of Shumen Province. It is the administrative centre of the homonymous Venets Municipality, which lies in the northwestern part of Shumen Province. The Venets Transmitter built in 1975 with the tallest radio mast in the country as well and the most powerful TV transmitter is located nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="18784619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784619" title="S94">
S94

S94 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18784631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784631" title="Blaenrhondda">
Blaenrhondda

Blaenrhondda is a village in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales, lying at the head the Rhondda Fawr valley. Blaenrhondda is a very small village and is part of the community of Treherbert.
History.
The earliest evidence of people habitating the area are the remains of an Iron Age settlement of several roundhouses grouped together in an obvious community, known as Hen Dre'r Mynydd. The dry wall layout of the ruinous site has led archeologists to believe that the people who lived in the area were early farmers. It has been identified as the largest undefended Iron Age settlement in south east Wales.
Before the industrialisation of the Rhondda Valleys in the late 19th century, Blaenrhondda was an agricultural area and sparsely populated. With the coming of the coal industry two mines were sunk in the locality. The first was the North Dunraven, also known as the Blaenrhondda, sunk in 1859, followed by Fernhill Colliery around 1871. The Dunraven closed in the 1920s but the Fernhill was still operating as late as 1978. In an attempt to break the monopoly of the Taff Vale Railway and the Cardiff docks, a tunnel was constructed through Mynydd Blaengwynfy to link up with the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway to supply coal to the Swansea Docks for export. The resulting tunnel, at a length of 3,300 yards was the longest rail tunnel in Wales and the seventh longest in Britain. Due to an issue with the weight the engines could pull, the rail link was never the success it was hoped to be, though it did prove popular with day-trippers from the Rhondda, visiting Swansea and the Gower. The station was closed in 1970.
In the hills above Blaenrhondda lies Blaenrhondda Road Cutting, a Site of Special Scientific Interest. It was given this status for its rock exposures showing sediments that formed on the flood plain of a river delta during the Carboniferous period, approximately 310 million years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="18784643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784643" title="Venets">
Venets

Venets (, pronounced ; also transliterated "Venec" or "Venetz", meaning "wreath") may refer to the following Bulgarian villages:
Venetz may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18784647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784647" title="68 Squadron">
68 Squadron

68 Squadron or 68th Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18784650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784650" title="Super Bowl XLIX">
Super Bowl XLIX

Super Bowl XLIX, the 49th edition of the Super Bowl and the 45th modern-era National Football League championship game, is scheduled to be played in 2015 at University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona. The host city and stadium were announced at the NFL Fall Owners Meeting in Houston on October 11, 2011. As part of the new NFL network agreement, NBC will serve as the game's broadcaster.
Host selection process.
Initial plan for Kansas City as host city.
NFL owners initially voted in November 2005 to award a Super Bowl to Kansas City, Missouri, in honor of Chiefs owner Lamar Hunt, the founder of the American Football League in the 1960s who helped engineer the annual game. Then-NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue further announced on March 5, 2006, that Kansas City would host Super Bowl XLIX. However, the game was contingent on the successful passage of two sales taxes in Jackson County, Missouri, on April 4, 2006.
The first tax to fund improvements to Arrowhead and neighboring Kauffman stadiums passed with 53% approval. However, the second tax that would have allowed the construction of a rolling roof between the two stadiums was narrowly defeated, with 48% approval. In the wake of the defeat, and opposition by the Kansas City Chamber of Commerce and several civic and business groups, Hunt and the Chiefs announced on May 25, 2006, that they were withdrawing the request to host Super Bowl XLIX.
Bidding process.
The following then submitted bids to host Super Bowl XLIX:
Tampa and Miami both submitted bids after losing the Super Bowl XLVIII bid to MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey. Arizona declined to bid for Super Bowl XLVIII, citing the economy, to focus on bidding for Super Bowl XLIX.
NFL spokesman Greg Aiello confirmed in April 2011 that Tampa and Arizona were selected as finalists.
On October 11, 2011, it was announced by the owners that University of Phoenix Stadium, home of the Arizona Cardinals, will host Super Bowl XLIX. This will be the second Super Bowl contested at University of Phoenix Stadium, which hosted Super Bowl XLII in 2008, and the third Super Bowl contested in the Phoenix area, as Super Bowl XXX was held at Sun Devil Stadium in nearby Tempe.

</doc>
<doc id="18784651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784651" title="East Cove National Wildlife Refuge">
East Cove National Wildlife Refuge

East Cove National Wildlife Refuge is located south of Lake Charles, Louisiana along the southeast shore of Calcasieu Lake in Cameron Parish. It is accessible only by boat.
Wildlife and habitat.
The habitat is an estuarine marsh in the heart of the Cameron Creole Watershed.
Nineteen miles of lake shore levee and five water control structures are used to control water and salinity levels in this wetland.
Abundant fishery resources such as fish, shrimp, and crabs as well as migratory birds and alligators are found in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18784659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784659" title="HMS Strafford (1735)">
HMS Strafford (1735)

HMS "Strafford" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built to the 1733 proposals of the 1719 Establishment of dimensions at Chatham Dockyard, and was launched on 24 July 1735.
Engagements.
HMS Stafford took part in the destruction of the fortress of San Lorenzo el Real Chagres (March 22-24 1740), in Panama, as part of a squadron commanded by Vice Admiral Edward Vernon during the War of Jenkins' Ear. 
At 3 pm on March 22, 1740, the English squadron, composed of the ships Strafford, Norwich, Falmouth and Princess Louisa, the frigate Diamond, the bomb vessels Alderney, Terrible and Cumberland, the fireships Success and Eleanor, and transports Goodly and Pompey, under command of Vernon, began to bombard the Spanish fortress. Given the overwhelming superiority of the English forces, Captain Don Juan Carlos Gutiérrez Cevallos surrendered the fort on March 24, after resisting for two days.
"Strafford" served until 1756, when she was sunk as part of a breakwater.

</doc>
<doc id="18784665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784665" title="WRRW-LP">
WRRW-LP

WRRW-LP is a silent broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Williamsburg, Virginia. WRRW-LP is owned and operated by The Popular Assembly of New Horizons 3000 and His Successors.
The station had previously carried an Adult Album Alternative and Public Radio format.
Frequency change.
According to VARTV.com, the FCC has granted a construction permit for WRRW to move to 102.5 FM. "The frequency was previously licensed to Christian Life Center of Williamsburg as WJRX-LP". With WDYL moving to 100.9 FM, WRRW's signal would have been greatly compromised. The frequency change took place on Friday, February 27, 2009.
The station went silent on December 28, 2012 due to the loss of the "lease at broadcast location."

</doc>
<doc id="18784670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784670" title="Ian Ciantar">
Ian Ciantar

Ian John Ciantar (born 19 December 1975 in St. Julian's, Malta) is a professional footballer who most recently played for Maltese Premier League side Sliema Wanderers, where he played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="18784673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784673" title="S99">
S99

S99 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18784684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784684" title="United Arab Emirates national beach soccer team">
United Arab Emirates national beach soccer team

The United Arab Emirates national beach soccer team represents the United Arab Emirates in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the UAE Football Association, the governing body for football in United Arab Emirates.
Current squad.
"Correct as of September 2013"
Coach: Marcelo Mendes

</doc>
<doc id="18784701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784701" title="HMS Worcester (1735)">
HMS Worcester (1735)

HMS "Worcester" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Portsmouth Dockyard to the 1733 proposals of the 1719 Establishment, and launched on 20 December 1735.
It took part in the battle of Portobello under captain Perry Main in 1739.
"Worcester" was broken up in 1765.

</doc>
<doc id="18784702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784702" title="Joyce Porter">
Joyce Porter

Joyce Porter (March 28, 1924 – December 9, 1990) is an English crime fiction author.
Porter created the characters of "Eddie Brown", "Constance Ethel Morrison Burke", and "Wilfred Dover".
Characters.
In DI Wilfred Dover and his assistant Sergeant MacGregor, she created a template later used successfully, especially by Reginald Hill, in straight 'whodunnits', but Porter's novels, while intricately plotted, were always played for laughs.
Dover was obese, lazy, unhygienic (the only man in the Metropolitan Police Service with underarm dandruff) and bordering on corrupt. MacGregor was keen, clean and ferociously ambitious. However, on the rare occasions he was able to put aside plate, pint-glass and cigarettes long enough to concentrate, Dover usually saw the answer first.
The Honourable Constance Ethel Morrison Burke is an upper-class spinster who, armed only with pluck, a deep-rooted hatred of men and her family's enormous financial resources, sallies forth to fight crime with the aid of her devoted 'friend'.
The 'Hon Con' books are even less like straight 'who-dunnits' than the 'Dovers' because while Dover is an experienced copper who has, it becomes clear, a good brain, the 'Hon Con' is an amateur bungler of below-average intelligence. Therefore, her solving each case must be achieved entirely by a happy coincidence.
Publications.
Detective Chief Inspector Wilfred Dover
Eddie Brown, The World's Most Reluctant Spy
Constance Ethel Morrison Burke
Adaptations.
A number of the Inspector Dover books have been adapted for BBC Radio 4 by Paul Mendelson and star Kenneth Cranham as Dover.
And a new story by Paul Mendelson based on the characters

</doc>
<doc id="18784704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784704" title="Medal game">
Medal game

There are many types of medal games, but the two main ones are the gambling type and the pusher game type.
Gambling type.
The gambling type of medal games has two types of games, those that simulate a Las Vegas style casino (Electronic/Mechanical roulette tables, video poker, video blackjack, slot machines, are all very common).
The other type is video horse racing these are often set up in a quite lavish lounge set up, each player has a personal screen, with a usually padded chair, an ashtray and cup holders. All of these personal seats are in front of a very large screen displaying the virtual horse race. 
In the Philippines, video horse racing is also known as "video karera." These games are often raided by police as some proprietors try to evade taxes.
Pusher game type.
These games are characterized by multiple levels filled with medals. Behind these platforms are mechanical "brooms" that push the coins forward. When a coin is dropped in, it falls onto one of the platforms and has the chance of pushing some of the other medals off of the edge and to the player. Timing in dropping the coin is a skill factor in the game.
Pusher games are often much more complex, often involving a plinko style drop in which there are different slots the dropped medal can fall into, causing various in game effects. Some slots may have the machine drop in more coins, others may initiate a video slot machine built into the machine. From the video slot machine more coins and other bonuses can be awarded. Many pusher games are connected to one another, some even with shared platforms, to form mega jackpots, sometimes as many as 1,000 medals. Sometimes a video mini game can be activated, in which coins must be dropped or rolled to hit specific targets, or buttons on the machine must be pressed in order to play. For example, a mini game could involve pressing a star shaped button to make Mario jump and hit coin blocks, which could give coins.
Another aspect of the pusher games is that they are often themed on things targeted towards children, such as video game and cartoon characters.

</doc>
<doc id="18784705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784705" title="Irano-Afghan race">
Irano-Afghan race

The Irano-Afghan race (also known as Iranid race) was a term used in scientific racism for the populations native to the Iranian plateau. The Irano-Afghan type was classified as belonging to the greater Caucasian race, and was variously associated with either the Nordic or the Mediterranean subtypes, depending on the authority consulted.
Carleton S. Coon in his "The Races of Europe" classifies the "Indo-Afghans" and "Irano-Afghans" as Nordic, describing them as being long-faced, high-headed and nose-hooked. Bertil Lundman by contrast postulates an "Iranid" subtype of his "Eastern Mediterranean" race. Earnest Hooton in 1946 describes the "Iranian Plateau type" as distinct from the Atlanto-Mediterranean one:
According to Renato Biasutti the type was defined by:
John Lawrence Angel following Coon in 1971 discusses a "Nordic-Iranian type" in the following terms:

</doc>
<doc id="18784709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784709" title="Agreement on a Cease-fire and Separation of Forces">
Agreement on a Cease-fire and Separation of Forces

The Agreement on a Cease-fire and Separation of Forces was signed by parties to the Georgian-Abkhazian conflict in Moscow on 14 May 1994. Also known as the 1994 Moscow Agreement, it was witnessed by United Nations, Russian Federation and Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe representatives. The agreement was recognised in United Nations Security Council Resolution 934.
Georgia and Abkhazia agreed to a cease fire and the creation of a security zone clear of heavy weapons separating the parties. A peacekeeping force of the Commonwealth of Independent States would monitor compliance of the agreement, with the assistance of the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).

</doc>
<doc id="18784719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784719" title="Lašva Valley">
Lašva Valley

A region used to characterize some parts of Central Bosnia, the Lašva Valley is understood to be defined geographical by the Lašva River's route. It is a tributary of the Bosna River which travels from Travnik through Vitez but also touches Busovača, Kiseljak, Novi Travnik and Travnik.
History.
Ancient times.
The favorable geographical position of the Lašva Valley enabled the beginning of civilization along the Lašva River. However, due to the unprotected and open area numerous occupiers chose the mountainous regions to protect themselves. The earliest known remnants of civilized people were the Romans. Romans were adapt to the terrain and surrounding because of military might, which was of the utmost importance for survival.
Due to the presence of the Lašva River many settlers began to exploit it for economic benefits. They began trading goods which traveled from Travnik to Vitez. In addition to the river, the mountainous regions offered mineral deposits which in turn attracted even more settlers. Remnants have been found belonging to the Romans in Turbe and Mosunj, where a settlement named Bistue is thought to have existed.
Pre-Ottoman period.
The name "Lašva" was first used as a regional term in the 13th century. Béla IV of Hungary first mentioned the area in his charter on 20 April 1244, which he issued to gain political favor from Pope Innocent IV by launching and winning the war against the "Bosnian heretics", as he called them. In the charter there is a mention of three Roman Catholic churches existing in the Lašva Valley, although only one can be confirmed by the gifting of the Bosnian Ban Matthew Ninoslaus in 1250. 
The Lašva Valley is thought of having its own seat of power before the arrival of the Franciscans in the 13th century. Their subsequent establishing of Vukarija in 1340 was the first officially known seat of power in the valley. The Bosnian Vukarija had, according to the friar Bartolomej Polanski (1385/1390), monasteries in Kraljeva Sutjeska, Visoko, Lašva and Olovo. Therefore, the Lašva Valley was an occupied and developed region not unlike other parts of Bosnia.
"Lašva" is only mentioned once in the 15th century by King Sigismund of Hungary on 5 September 1425. On that date the king rewarded his son the Paku estate in the county of Vuku for his loyalty to the king which he earned through battles against the Ottoman Empire.
In the book "Roots and Life," translated from "Korijeni i Život," the advent of Ottoman expansion is mentioned. "The coming of the Ottomans and their military victories at Jajce in 1463 saw the putting out of fire in chimneys at age old houses and churches. With the arrival of the new oppressive and bloodthirsty masters from the East, people began to flee over the borders to the south and north, while others sought refuge in mountains led by the Franciscans."
The last battle against Ottoman expansion in the Lašva Valley was lost on May 1463, when Mehmed the Conqueror on his return from Jajce defeated the last Bosnian king Stephen Tomašević at Milodraž in today's Brestovsko; located between Kiseljak and Busovača.
Ottoman Period.
Upon the Ottoman conquest, the plaintiff of the Franciscans Anđeo Zvizdović advised the Sultan to stop forcing the people of Bosnia to flee because of religious persecution. Which, if continued, would lead to the eventual downfall of properties and infrastructures. The Sultan agreed and issued an Ahdname in 1463 decreeing freedom of religion for the Roman Catholic population. 
Due to the sheer size of the Ottoman Empire jurisdictional and government overseeing was not a possibility, since the capitol Istanbul was long ways away. Bosnia was used as a launching state for other wars, which consequently transformed the land into a military occupying region. Most of the peoples along with the Franciscans sought to distance themselves from the Ottoman settlements, many times living in impoverished conditions. New monasteries were not allowed to be built on the foundation of old ones and consequently only three remained at; Fojnica, Kreševo and Kraljeva Sutjeska.
At the dawn of Ottoman rule, the Lašva Valley began to be called "nahija Lašva," which was centered at Travnik. As a result, Travnik began to grow and emerge as an integral part of the Ottoman Empire's jurisdiction over the Lašva Valley and Bosnia.
Post-Ottoman Period.
The Lašva Valley, as well as Bosnia, was emancipated from Ottoman control in 1878 and entered a new phase in its history under Austro-Hungarian rule. The area saw a reemerging of Catholic populations with overall improvements in infrastructures. The modernization of the Austro-Hungarian rule transformed the Lašva Valley into a capable area worthy of competing against larger and more established regions. The 19th century also saw the materialization of South Slavic nationalism along with the idea of a united South Slavic state.
Modern Day.
Today the region is recovering form post-war depression and has emerged as an economic powerhouse in Bosnia and Herzegovina, with cities such as Vitez leading the way. Lašva Valley has been somewhat homogenized by the Croats who constitute most of the population, although Bosniak populations have begun to return to their homes. During the Yugoslav wars, the Lašva Valley ethnic cleansing occurred there.
Demographics.
Last Official Census 1991.
total: 177,511

</doc>
<doc id="18784723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784723" title="Light art">
Light art

Light art is a form of visual art where main media of expression is light. Light has been used for architectural aesthetical effects and object design throughout human history. However, the modern concept of light art emerged with the development of artificial light sources and experimenting in modern art. such as Minimalism, Bahaus movements and artists using the medium of glass which became commercial available to the masses in the 20th century.
Art critic Hilarie M. Sheets explains that "the interplay of dark and light has been a theme running from Greek and Roman sculpture to Renaissance painting to experimental film. But as technology advanced from the glow of the electric lightbulb to the computer monitor, artists have been experimenting with actual light as material and subject. The 1960s saw a high point in activity, with artists such as Dan Flavin (Jam), François Morellet (Fra), Bill Culbert (NZ), Warren Langley (Aust) and James Turrell(US)creating sculptures and environments out of diffuse light or radiant fluorescent and neon tubing.
Today, younger artists are looking beyond their forerunners and taking light in new directions." One of the first to use this technique was László Moholy-Nagy (1895–1946) 
History.
The first use of art by light was cave paintings created in deep caves using fires torches. The imagery was usually imagined as the animals, fish or spirits depicted were not in front of the artists.
Other examples of light and object can be seen with Stonehenge, Egyptian pyramids. Also monarchs artifacts such as crowns of jewels or gold.
The uses of light and art in which Stained glass can be used to color transmitted light; examples of this go back to the 4th century. This art form is most prominently seen in churches and mosques with elaborate stained glass windows.
Another use of light in art is in shadow puppetry, where projections of shadows from puppets can be used to create moving images. A form of shadow puppetry is described as early as 380 BC by Plato in the Allegory of the cave.
All visual art uses light in some form, but in modern photography and motion pictures, use of light is especially important. However, with the invention of electrical artificial light, possibilities were expanded and many artists began using the light as the main form of expression, instead of just as a vehicle for other forms of art. László Moholy-Nagy (1895–1946), a member of the Bauhaus who was influenced by Constructivism is regarded as one of the fathers of Light Art. Light sculpture and moving sculpture are the components of his "Light-Space Modulator" (1922–30), which is one of the first light art pieces which also incorporates kinetic art. Naum Gabo(1890 – 1977) a constructivist artist experimented with the transparent materiality which light reflected on the object. An example is Linear Construction No. 1 (1943). Marcel Duchamp (1887 – 1968) Hat rack 1917 hanging from the ceiling and casting a shadow against the wall — was recorded in photographs of Duchamp's New York studio. In 1946, Gyula Kosice used neon lighting in art-works.
Examples.
Light sculptures are an intermedia and time-based art form in which sculpture or any kind of art object produces light, or the reverse (in the sense that light is manipulated in such a way as to create a sculptural as opposed to temporal form or mass). Most often light sculpture artists were primarily either visual artists or designers, not having started out directly making light sculpture.
The most well known contemporary light artists include, Chul Hyun Ahn, Olafur Eliasson, Spencer Finch, Dan Flavin (in 1963), James Turrell, Bruce Munro and Leo Villareal. in addition to Gyula Kosice (1946), Lucio Fontana (1949), Martial Raysse (1962), Chryssa (1962), François Morellet (1963), Joseph Kosuth (1965), Bruce Nauman, Piotr Kowalski, Mario Merz or Yann Kersalé.
Also included in the light art genre is the so-called light graffiti including projection onto buildings, arrangement of lighted windows in buildings and painting with hand-held lights onto film using time exposure. A unique project for light art can be found in front of the Osram headquarters in Munich, Germany: Seven LED stelae form as a platform for altering art projects (involving video artists such as Diana Thater and Björn Melhus, film makers such as Harun Farocki or media artists such as Art+Com.].
The Neons Parallax Project.
In Geneva, Switzerland, The Funds for Contemporary Art of the City and Canton of Geneva initiated in 2005 a project of public art. The Neons Parallax envisages the achievement of seven luminous installations, each one conceived by a different artist on the roofs of the buildings located at the edge of the Plaine de Plainpalais . The works will be built at the rate of two original creations per year (2007, 2008, 2009 and three for 2012). The project is subsidised by the city and the township and the buildings are graciously lent by their owners for 10 years.
There are already six installations by [Sylvie Fleury (CH), Dominique Gonzalez-Foerster (F), Nic Hess (CH), Christian Jankowski (D), Jérôme Leuba (CH) and Sislej Xhafa (AL). Three additional signs, one designed by Ann Veronica Janssens (BE) chosen as a result of a contest by invitation, one by Pierre Bismuth (F) chosen by public contest and the last one by Christian Robert-Tissot (CH) which is a direct order of Pierre Darier from the Lombard Odier Darier Hentsch & Cie Private Bank. As well as an exhibition, a symposium on public art and a publication will take place in March 2012. 
See below in the gallery, the works of Sylvie Fleury (Geneva) et Jérôme Leuba (Geneva), Christian Jankowski (Germany), Dominique Gonzalez-Foerster (France), Sislej Xhafa (Kosovo) et Nic Hess (Zurich).

</doc>
<doc id="18784726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784726" title="Alfonso Jacquin">
Alfonso Jacquin

Alfonso Jacquin Gutierrez (Santa Marta, Colombia 1953- Bogotá 1985) Colombian guerrilla, member of the National Direction of the M-19 and founder of this guerrilla. Lawyer of the University of the Atlantic, evolved like professor of Right in the Free University of Barranquilla. It was a brilliant orator. Near friend of Jaime Bateman and Carlos Toledo Plata.
Shortly before signing the truce, the 28 of April 1984 he's participate, along with Antonio Navarro Wolf in the assault to the tourist train that towards the route between Bogota and Zipaquira, act by which was judged and found guilty, but is pardoned by the Supreme Court of Justice. Once defeat the truce and the Process of Peace, by orders of one of pictures of the M-19 Alvaro Fayad; Jacquin, Andrés Almarales and Luis Otero Cifuentes makes the taking to the Palace of Justice in as they die. Its corpse like the one of its companions continues missing.

</doc>
<doc id="18784729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784729" title="Natural language programming">
Natural language programming

Natural language programming (NLP) is an ontology-assisted way of programming in terms of natural language sentences, e.g. English. A structured document with Content, sections and subsections for explanations of sentences forms a NLP document, which is actually a computer program.
An example of natural language programming is in sEnglish that is short for "system English".
Interpretation.
The smallest unit of statement in NLP is a sentence. Each sentence is stated in terms of concepts from the underlying ontology, attributes in that ontology and named objects in capital letters. In an NLP text every sentence unambiguously compiles into a procedure call in the underlying high level programming language such as MATLAB, Octave, SciLab, Python, etc.
Symbolic languages such as Mathematica are capable of interpreted processing of queries by sentences. This can allow interactive requests such as that implemented in Wolfram Alpha (see external links). The difference between these and NLP is that the latter builds up a single program or a library of routines that are programmed through natural language sentences using an ontology that defines the available data structures in a high level programming language.
An example text from an English language NLP program (in sEnglish) is as follows:
that defines a feedback control scheme using a sliding mode control method. This entry describes NLP in its general form, without being specific about the underlying high level programming language.
The following are discussed:
What is the software paradigm of NLP ?
Natural language programming is a top down method of writing software. Its stages are as follows:
What is the publication value of an NLP program and document ?
An NLP program is a precise formal description of some procedure that its author created. It is human readable and it can also be read by a suitable software agent. For example a web page in an NLP format can be read by a software personal assistant agent to a person and she or he can ask the agent to execute some sentences, i.e. carry out some task or answer a question. There is a "reader agent" available for English interpretation of HTML based NLP documents that a person can run on her personal computer .
What is the contribution of NLP programs to "machine knowledge" ?
An ontology class in a natural language program that is not a concept in the sense as humans use concepts. Concepts in an NLP are examples (samples) of generic human concepts. Each sentence in an NLP program is either (1) stating a relationship in a world model or (2) carries out an action in the environment or (3) carries out a computational procedure or (4) invokes an answering mechanism in response to a question.
A set of NLP sentences, with associated ontology defined, can also be used as a pseudo code that does not provide the details in any underlying high level programming language. In such an application the sentences used become high level abstractions (conceptualisations) of computing procedures that are computer language and machine independent.
References.
Books:
Papers at conferences:

</doc>
<doc id="18784740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784740" title="HMS Augusta (1736)">
HMS Augusta (1736)

HMS "Augusta" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built to the 1733 proposals of the 1719 Establishment at Deptford Dockyard, and launched on 1 July 1736.
"Augusta" served until 1765, when she was broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="18784745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784745" title="List of Microsoft Office programs">
List of Microsoft Office programs

Microsoft Office is a set of interrelated desktop applications, servers and services, collectively referred to as an office suite, for the Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X operating systems.
This list contains all the programs that are, or have been, in Microsoft Office since it began and are in alphabetical order.
Desktop applications.
Tools
Related products.
The following is a list of related products which have never been a part of Microsoft Office suite.

</doc>
<doc id="18784747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784747" title="The Invisible Host">
The Invisible Host

The Invisibe Host is a 1930 mystery/thriller novel written by the husband-wife team of Gwen Bristow and Bruce Manning. It was published by The Mystery League, Inc. Though little remembered today, it did well enough in its own time for Hollywood to adapt it into a feature film, 1934's "The Ninth Guest" (which name would also be utilized for subsequent editions of the book). It could be considered an example of the "old dark house" type of thriller.
Some have noted that Agatha Christie's much more famous tale, 1939's "Ten Little Indians", bears striking similarities to this novel. Predating Christie's text by almost a decade, "The Invisible Host" tells the story of eight people who are summoned to a deserted, well-appointed New Orleans penthouse by an anonymous invitation. Once there the guests, who are all known to each other, are served a fabulous dinner. But soon thereafter, they are accused by a voice over the radio that they are all going to die before the night is out. The unseen host has meticulously prepared the demise of each guest, and has booby-trapped the penthouse to prevent anyone from escaping. As they steadily succumb to the murderer's devices, some begin to suspect that the killer may be one of them.

</doc>
<doc id="18784770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784770" title="Jonathan Anders">
Jonathan Anders

Jonathan Victor Anders (born 25 January 1971) was an English cricketer who played all of his cricket for Shropshire. 
His highest score of 51 came when playing for Shropshire in the match against Surrey Cricket Board. He played 26 games for Shropshire in the Minor Counties Championship. and 19 games for Shropshire in the MCCA Knockout Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="18784776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784776" title="Der Evangelimann">
Der Evangelimann

Der Evangelimann ("The Evangelist") is an opera in two acts by the Austrian composer Wilhelm Kienzl. The libretto, by the composer, is based on Leopold Florian Meissner's short story "".
Composition history.
Kienzl composed the opera in a relatively short space of time during 1894 in Graz and in the little Austrian town of Vöcklabruck. When he played extracts from the score to conductor Karl Muck and Count Hochberg (then artistic director of the Berlin Opera), they immediately secured the rights to the premiere. The score was published by Musikverlages Bote & Bock Berlin GmbH, now part of Boosey & Hawkes.
Performance history.
The opera was first performed at the Neues Königliches Opernhaus, Berlin on 4 May 1895. It was a triumphant success. Within only a few years most German and Austrian opera houses had the work in their repertory. Famous conductors such as Felix Mottl, Gustav Mahler, Franz Schalk and Richard Strauss gave it their support, and the title role of the Evangelist Mathias was sung by prominent tenors.
On 17 January 1927, Kienzl celebrated his 70th birthday by conducting the work at the Vienna State Opera, with Lotte Lehmann, and Richard Tauber in the leading roles. The cast also included Hermann Wiedemann, Bella Paalen and Franz Markhoff.
Neue Freie Presse, Vienna, 17th January 1927, page 10.
Synopsis.
Act 1.
Mathias, clerk in the monastery of St. Othmar, is in love with Martha, the foster daughter of the magistrate Friedrich Engel. Mathias’s brother Johannes is jealous of Martha’s affection and starts an intrigue against him. When the magistrate is informed of what is happening between his charge and Mathias, he dismisses the clerk and expels him from the monastery. Martha resists Johannes’s intrusiveness. When Johannes witnesses Martha and Mathias swearing fidelity to each other at their farewell, his jealousy turns into blind hate and he sets the monastery on fire. It is not he, however, but Mathias, who is arrested as the alleged wrongdoer.
Act 2.
Mathias has served a twenty-year sentence and, having been denied re-integration into society, travels the country as an itinerant preacher (this act contains the most popular piece in the opera: "", sung by Mathias and a children's chorus). Martha took her life after his imprisonment, Johannes has become rich by dishonest means and lives in Vienna, now a severely ill man. Thirty years after the events at St. Othmar the brothers meet again. Mathias forgives Johannes, who can thus die in peace.

</doc>
<doc id="18784777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784777" title="HMS Dragon (1736)">
HMS Dragon (1736)

HMS "Dragon" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built to the 1733 proposals of the 1719 Establishment at Woolwich Dockyard, and launched on 11 September 1736.
In February 1744, she took part in the Battle of Toulon.
"Dragon" was sunk in 1757 to form part of a breakwater.
References.
"This article includes data donated from the National Maritime Museum project"

</doc>
<doc id="18784783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784783" title="Newclose County Cricket Ground">
Newclose County Cricket Ground

Newclose County Cricket Ground is the county cricket ground for the Isle of Wight, located between Newport and Blackwater. Several open days were held in September 2008 on which special matches were to take place.
The ground is currently registered to host First Class County professional standard. The ground was opened by Mike Gatting.
The cricket ground is also used as a conference and wedding venue.

</doc>
<doc id="18784805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784805" title="Theodore M. Reverman">
Theodore M. Reverman

Theodore Mary Reverman (August 9, 1877 – July 18, 1941) was an American prelate of the Catholic Church. He served as Bishop of Superior from 1926 until his death in 1941.
Biography.
Theodore Reverman was born in Louisville, Kentucky, to Theodore and Walburga Louise (née Haming) Reverman. He attended St. Meinrad's College in Indiana for one year (1890-91) before entering Canisius College in Buffalo, New York, where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1897. He then studied at the University of Innsbruck in Austria from 1897 to 1901.
He was ordained to the priesthood at Innsbruck on July 26, 1901. He furthered his studies in Rome, where he earned a Doctor of Canon Law degree from the Pontifical Gregorian University in 1903. Returning to Kentucky, he served as professor of theology at Preston Park Seminary in Louisville (1903-05) and pastor of St. Edward Church in Jeffersontown (1903-21). He was pastor of St. Francis of Assisi Church in Louisville from 1921 to 1926.
On July 2, 1926, Reverman was appointed the fourth Bishop of Superior, Wisconsin, by Pope Pius XI. He received his episcopal consecration on the following November 30 from Bishop John A. Floersh, with Bishops Joseph G. Pinten and Henry J. Althoff serving as co-consecrators. He died at his residence in Superior at age 63.

</doc>
<doc id="18784813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784813" title="Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line">
Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line

The is a Japanese railway line that connects Dentetsu-Toyama Station in Toyama, Toyama with Unazuki Onsen Station in Kurobe, Toyama. It is owned and run by Toyama Chihō Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="18784826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784826" title="Sordaria macrospora">
Sordaria macrospora

Sordaria macrospora is a species of microscopic fungus. It is one of several fungal model organisms in biology, e.g. the model of fruiting body development in Ascomycetes. It is a homothallic, self-fertile organism. 
The genus Sordaria, closely related to Neurospora and Podospora, is a member of the numerous class Pyrenomycetes or flask-fungi.

</doc>
<doc id="18784833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784833" title="Sachsen Hymne">
Sachsen Hymne

"Sachsen Hymne" is the anthem of the Kingdom of Saxony.
German lyrics
English lyrics

</doc>
<doc id="18784837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784837" title="Ellie Simmonds">
Ellie Simmonds

Eleanor May Simmonds, OBE (born 11 November 1994) is a British Paralympian swimmer competing in S6 events. She came to national attention when she competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, winning two gold medals for Great Britain, despite being the youngest member of the team, at the age of 13. In 2012 she was again selected for the Great Britain squad, this time swimming at a home games in London. She won another two golds in London, including setting a World Record in the 400m freestyle.
Personal life.
Born in Walsall, Simmonds grew up in neighbouring Aldridge, and attended Aldridge Primary School and then attended Olchfa School in Swansea. Simmonds, who has achondroplasia, became interested in swimming at the age of five. She swam for Boldmere Swimming Club in Sutton Coldfield, under Head Coach Ashley Cox, but she and her mother moved to Swansea when Simmonds was 11 to take advantage of the city's world-class swimming pool. She trains for two hours at a time in nine training sessions per week at the Wales National Pool. In 2008, following her success in Beijing she was made a life member of the club. To this date she still maintains her links with Boldmere Swimming Club, swimming at the annual Club Championships and occasionally attending training sessions when she returns from Swansea.
She also took part in "All Star Family Fortunes" which was broadcast on 29 November 2009, which made her the youngest team captain they ever had on the show. She played the game with her aunt, trainer, cousin and brother and won £1,520 for her chosen charity. In January 2013 she took part in a special charity series of The Great British Bake Off.
In August 2012, Simmond's former school, Cooper and Jordan, in the Green, Aldridge have renamed their Swimming Pool after the Paralympian following her gold medals at London 2012.
Career.
At the age of 13, Simmonds was the youngest British athlete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, competing in the 50m, 100m and 400m freestyle, 50m butterfly, and 200m Individual Medley. She won gold medals in the 100m and 400m freestyle events. 
On 1 September 2012, Simmonds repeated her gold performance to win the 400m freestyle at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, in which she took five seconds off the World Record time. Two days later, on the evening of 3 September, she took Gold in the 200m Individual Medley, breaking the World Record that she had set in the qualifying round that morning.
In addition, Simmonds has won ten gold World Championship titles.
She swims in the S6 disability category.
Honours and awards.
Simmonds won the 2008 BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year award.
Simmonds was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2009 New Year Honours. At 14 years old, she became the youngest person ever to have received this honour. She received the honour from Queen Elizabeth II on 18 February 2009. In March 2012, in the 200 m individual medley, she became the first swimmer to break a world record at London's Aquatics Centre. Her victory in a time of 3:08.14 broke her own previous best time by over half a second.
In 2011, Simmonds won the award for 'Best British Sporting Performance for an Athlete with Disability' at the Jaguar Academy of Sport Annual Awards.
At the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London Simmonds won four medals, two golds, a silver and a bronze. She took gold in the S6 400m with a new world record; gold in the S6 200m again with a new world record; silver in the S6 100m and a bronze in the S6 50m. In celebration of her two gold medals, two Royal Mail postboxes were painted gold in her honour, one in Aldridge and one in Swansea.
Simmonds was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to Paralympic sport.

</doc>
<doc id="18784841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784841" title="Agave salmiana">
Agave salmiana

Agave salmiana is a species of a species of succulent plants native to Mexico.
The variety "A. salmiana" var. "ferox" (K.Koch) Gentry is often encountered in cultivation. The epithet "ferox" is due to the hard and long (up to 8 cm) spines.

</doc>
<doc id="18784866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784866" title="Roderick Briffa">
Roderick Briffa

Roderick Briffa (born 24 August 1981, Birkirkara, Malta) is a professional footballer. He currently plays for the Maltese Premier League side Valletta, where he plays as a defender.
Playing career.
Birkirkara.
Roderick began his career with Maltese Premier League side Birkirkara, playing initially in the youth team, but making his debut during the 1998–99 season, Briffa only made one appearances that season, as Birkirkara went on to record a 2nd place finish in Maltese Premier League.
The 1999–00 season, saw Roderick start to gain more first team opportunities with Birkirkara. He went onto make five appearances during the season, but failed to score. He did have his first taste of success as Birkirkara were crowned champions of the Maltese Premier League.
Briffa went into the 2000–01 season, hoping to try and force his way into the Birkirkara first team, however he was only used as a bit part player and only made one appearance with the club, as Birkirkara went on to finish in 3rd position in the Maltese Premier League.
The 2001–02 season saw Roderick still struggle to make his mark with Birkirkara, and by January, Briffa had only made 2 appearances with the club, this prompted a loan move away to play the remainder of the season with fellow Maltese Premier League side Pietà Hotspurs. Briffa went onto make 11 appearances and score one goal, which helped Pietà Hotspurs avoid the threat of relegation and record a 7th place finish in the Maltese Premier League, his parent club Birkirkara finished the season in 3rd position.
Following the loan spell with Pietà Hotspurs, Roderick returned to Birkirkara for the 2002–03 a reformed character. He became a permanent fixture in the Birkirkara first team, making 28 appearances and scoring 4 goals. Birkirkara recorded a 2nd place finish in the Maltese Premier League, he also added a Maltese Cup winners medal to his collection, as Birkirkara retained the trophy, beating Sliema Wanderers in the final. Roderick had come a long way in a short space of time. His performances led to the player been called up to play for the Maltese national team.
Roderick went into the 2003–04 season hoping to help Birkirkara go one better and win the Maltese Premier League title, however the club recorded another 2nd place finish, with Briffa making 16 appearances, but failing to score any goals.
The 2004–05 season was another story of so near, yet so far for Briffa, as Birkirkara recorded their third successive 2nd place finish. During the season, Roderick made 14 appearances and again failed to score any goals. Briffa picked up his second Maltese Cup winners medal, as the club beat Msida Saint-Joseph in the final.
The 2005–06 season was Briffa’s most successful season as a Birkirkara player. He helped the club claim the Maltese Premier League title, making 23 appearances and scoring five goals.
Roderick’s last season with Birkirkara was the 2006–07 season. During the season Briffa made 15 appearances and scored two goals, as Birkirkara finished in 3rd position in the Maltese Premier League.
Sliema Wanderers.
Despite a reasonable previous season with Birkirkara, big cutbacks were made at the club, with Roderick heading the exit list; he joined fellow Maltese Premier League side Sliema Wanderers in July 2007, just in time for the 2007–08 season. He was joined at the tail end of the month by Birkirkara teammate Etienne Barbara. Roderick established himself as one of the club's most important players. In his debut season, Briffa made 25 appearances and scored three goals, as Sliema Wanderers finished in 4th position in the Maltese Premier League.
Roderick’s spell with Sliema Wanderers was short lived, as the 2008–09 season proved to be his last with the club. He went on to make 11 appearances and scored two goals, before leaving the club in January 2009, during the 2008-09 transfer window. Sliema Wanderers went on to finish the season in 5th position in the Maltese Premier League.
Valletta.
On 16 January 2009, Roderick Briffa signed for Valletta during the 2008-09 transfer window on a five-year contract.
Despite the club's financial muscle in the Maltese game, the campaign ended trophyless; the club missed out on the Maltese Premier League title to Hibernians, who won the title by two points, but maybe more disappointingly for Briffa was the loss in the final of the Maltese Cup to his old club Sliema Wanderers. In his debut season with Valletta, Roderick made 12 appearances and scored one goal.
Honours.
Birkirkara.
Winner
Career statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of match played 9 August 2009."

</doc>
<doc id="18784868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784868" title="Michaela Angela Davis">
Michaela Angela Davis

Michaela Angela Davis is a writer on urban style, race, gender and hip-hop culture in the United States. She is also a fashion expert and an "image activist."
Early life.
Michaela Angela Davis was born in Germany and raised in Washington, D.C. Her mother was convinced her next child would be a boy, and after visiting the Sistine Chapel during her pregnancy decided to name him Michael Angelo. When Davis was born, her mother gave her the female version of the name, Michaela Angela. 
From an early age, Davis was a student of the arts, especially acting. She began her studies at the Duke Ellington School of the Arts as a National Arts Scholar, then moved on to New York University, the Stella Adler Acting Conservatory and the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater.
Publishing and writing career.
After completing her studies, Davis went to work in 1991 for "Essence" as an associate fashion editor. Her first assignment was the styling of Anita Hill.
She was the associate fashion, culture and the executive fashion and beauty editor for "Essence" magazine. She was the founding fashion director for "Vibe" magazine, and she was the last editor-in-chief of "Honey", a magazine for 18-34 year old urban women. Davis has written for many projects such as "Everything But the Burden: What White People are Taking from Black Culture" (Broadway Books, 2003), and authored "Beloved Baby: A Baby's Scrapbook and Journal" (Pocket Books, 1995). On the issue of colorism within the black community, Davis has said that "Anything that tears us apart as sisters, there’s no privilege in, we have equal pain, it’s just different and has been processed and presented to us in different ways."
Stylist.
She was also a celebrity stylist for people such as Oprah Winfrey, Beyoncé, Prince, Diana Ross, Donald Trump, Mary J. Blige and LL Cool J. Davis. She has worked as a stylist on several films, including the 2002 film "Paid in Full".
Film career.
She has been featured in documentary films including "The Souls of Black Girls" (2008). Davis has had several television appearances, most recently on BET in their presentation of "Hip Hop vs. America II: Am I My Sister's Keeper?"
Activism and mentoring.
Davis is developing an online magazine and television show, and a documentary film and book exploring race, gender, beauty and identity. She serves on the board of Black Girls Rock!, Imagenation, The Brooklyn Community Arts and Media High School, and conducts her own monthly career-mentoring program called Salon de Shine. She regularly speaks on campuses and in the community. She is currently working an a novel called “The Revolution of Happiness: A Book and Digital Conversation Project.” It is a culmination of “honest and innovative cross-generational conversations with revolutionary-thinking Black women about disturbing the pain that has burdened or molested our natural exquisite selves.”
Davis is the leader of "Mad Free," a multi-platform, multi-generational critical community conversation with revolutionary women whose work and lives serve to liberate the narrow and misinformed image of women.

</doc>
<doc id="18784887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784887" title="Iwamura Michitoshi">
Iwamura Michitoshi

Baron was a statesman, active in Meiji period Japan.
Biography.
Iwamura was born in Kōchi as the eldest son to a samurai family serving the Tosa Domain. He studied swordsmanship under Okada Izō. During the Boshin War of the Meiji Restoration, he fought under the imperial banner, in the Battle of Hokuetsu in 1868-1869. 
In July 1874, Iwamura was appointed governor of Saga Prefecture. Coming shortly after the Saga Rebellion, this was regarded as a hardship posting. In 1876, he was reported to the Yamaguchi Prefecture regional office, where he coordinated central government preparations in the Satsuma Rebellion. He was appointed governor of Kagoshima Prefecture, in which capacity he supervised the funeral ceremonies for Saigō Takamori. As a reward for his services, he returned to Tokyo as a member of the "Genrōin" and Chairman of the Board of Audit. From April to December 1883, he served as the 3rd Governor of Okinawa Prefecture.
After serving in Okinawa for two years, Iwamura was reassigned to the other end of Japan, serving as first Director of the Hokkaidō Agency from January 26, 1886 through June 15, 1888. During his time in Hokkaidō, he supervised the completion of the Hokkaidō Agency HQ in Sapporo, and strongly promoted the development of Asahikawa. He then returned to Tokyo, where he held the post of chairmain of the "Genrōin" from June 14, 1888 to October 20, 1890. He was selected to serve as Minister of Agriculture and Commerce under the 1st Yamagata administration from December 24, 1889 to May 17, 1890.
On June 5, 1896, Iwamura was awarded the title of viscount ("shishaku") under the "kazoku" peerage system, and received the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Sacred Treasure later the same year. He served as an advisor to Emperor Meiji, and was appointed to a seat in the House of Peers. He was also awarded the Order of the Rising Sun, 1st class on June 23, 1904. He died in Tokyo on February 12, 1915, and his grave is at the Yanaka Cemetery in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="18784890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784890" title="Higashi-Toyama Station">
Higashi-Toyama Station


</doc>
<doc id="18784894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784894" title="List of churches in Cheshire">
List of churches in Cheshire

This is a list of Christian churches in the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.
Church of England.
The Anglican churches in the county are either part of the diocese of Chester or the diocese of Liverpool. Since the mid nineteenth century, Chester diocese has been divided into two archdeaconries, the Chester Archdeaconry and the Macclesfield Archdeaconry. Each archdeaconry is divided into a number of deaneries, some of which are outside the ceremonial county of Cheshire. All the Cheshire churches in the diocese of Liverpool are in Warrington Archdeaconry. When the diocese was originally created in 1541, it was much larger with twenty deaneries and no archdeaconries. (See History of the Diocese of Chester.)
Roman Catholic.
The Roman Catholic churches in Cheshire are part of either the diocese of Shrewsbury or the archdiocese of Liverpool. The Cheshire churches in the archdiocese of Liverpool are in the pastoral areas of Warrington and Widnes.
Methodist.
The Methodist churches are part of the Chester and Stoke-on-Trent District, the Manchester and Stockport District or the Liverpool District. Each district is divided into circuits.
United Reformed.
United Reformed churches in Cheshire include the following.
Baptist.
Cheshire churches in the Baptist Union include the following.
Other active churches.
Elim Pentecostal.
Elim Pentecostal Churches in Cheshire.
Assemblies of God.
Assemblies of God churches include:
Unclassified.
Other churches identified in the UK Church Directory include the following.

</doc>
<doc id="18784903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784903" title="Nagnouma Coulibaly">
Nagnouma Coulibaly

Nagnouma Coulibaly (born 31 May, 1989) is a Malian women's basketball player with Pleyber-Christ Basket Club of France's Ligue Féminine de Basketball and the Mali women's national basketball team. After winning the FIBA Africa Championship for Women 2007, Coulibaly represented Mali at the 2008 Summer Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="18784911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784911" title="Mizuhashi Station">
Mizuhashi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18784931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784931" title="Desmond Anderson (cricketer)">
Desmond Anderson (cricketer)

Desmond John Anderson (born 17 October 1968) is a former first-class cricketer who played for Oxford University.
His highest score of 9 came in the match against Hampshire. His best bowling of 2/68 came in the match against Worcestershire.

</doc>
<doc id="18784945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784945" title="Malacacheta">
Malacacheta

Malacacheta is a Brazilian municipality located in the northeast of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was estimated to be 17,917 people living in a total area of 719 km². The city belongs to the mesoregion of Vale do Mucuri and to the micro-region of Teófilo Otoni. It became a municipality in 1924. 
Malacacheta is located at an elevation of 432 meters, 90 km. west of Teófilo Otoni. The distance to the state capital, Belo Horizonte, is 515 km. Neighboring municipalities are: Setubinha, Novo Cruzeiro, Ladainha, Poté, Franciscópolis and Água Boa. 
The main economic activities are services, small industries, and agriculture. A large percentage of the population is in the rural area and engaged in subsistence farming. The GDP in 2005 was R$54 million, with 37 million from services, 4 million from industry, and 10 million from agriculture. There were 960 rural producers on 35,000 hectares of land. Only 25 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 2,700 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main cash crop was coffee while sugarcane, beans and corn were grown on a small scale. There were 33,000 head of cattle (2006). There was one bank (2007) and 686 automobiles (629 motorcycles), giving a ratio of 26 inhabitants per automobile. 
There were 7 health clinics and 2 hospitals with 75 beds. Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Teófilo Otoni. Educational needs were met by 23 primary schools, 5 middle schools, and 3 pre-primary schools. 
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$119.00 was well below the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country--0,467--putting it in last 
place.

</doc>
<doc id="18784963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784963" title="Salif Diallo">
Salif Diallo

Salif Diallo (born May 9, 1957) is a Burkinabé politician who served as a minister in the government of Burkina Faso during the 1990s and 2000s. He became Burkina Faso's Ambassador to Austria in January 2009. He also served as Vice-President of the Congress for Democracy and Progress, the ruling party. He resigned from the CDP in January 2014.
Life and career.
Diallo, who was born in Ouahigouya, Yatenga Province, was expelled from the University of Ouagadougou for having organized strikes and protests. He then belonged to the Voltaic Revolutionary Communist Party and went on to Dakar, Senegal, to continue his Master of Law studies there. At the University of Dakar, he and other students formed a Committee for the Defence of the Revolution. In 1985 he returned to Burkina Faso and joined the dissident and pro-Sankara splinter-faction of the PCRV, the Burkinabé Communist Group.
Diallo became Assistant to the Cabinet of the Minister of State for Justice in 1986. Diallo was active in the Committees for the Defence of the Revolution. From 1987 to 1989 he was the Director of the Cabinet of the President, and from 1989 to 1991 he was Secretary of State to the Presidency. In 1991 he briefly served as Minister of Employment, Labour and Social Security. From 1992 to 1995 Diallo was Minister in charge of the Missions of the Presidency. Subsequently he was Minister of Environment and Water from 1995 to 1999, then Adviser to the Presidency from 1999 to 2000. On 12 November 2000, he was appointed as Minister of Agriculture, and on 10 June 2002 his portfolio was expanded when he was appointed as Minister of Agriculture, Water, and Fishing Resources. He was elected as Vice-President of the CDP at the party's Second Ordinary Congress on 1–3 August 2003.
Diallo was dismissed from the national government on March 23, 2008. A few months after being dismissed from the government, Diallo was appointed as Ambassador to Austria. He presented his credentials to Austrian President Heinz Fischer on 8 January 2009. In addition to serving as Ambassador to Austria (based at the Burkinabé embassy in Vienna), Diallo was given additional accreditation for Croatia, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Slovenia, as well as various international organizations: the International Energy Agency, the United Nations Office at Vienna, the United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO), and the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty Organization.
Diallo, along with a number of other prominent figures in the CDP, announced his resignation from the party on 6 January 2014. Those who resigned said that the party was being run in an undemocratic and damaging manner, and they expressed opposition to plans to amend the constitution to eliminate term limits, which would allow President Blaise Compaoré to stand for re-election in 2015. A new opposition party led by the prominent CDP members who resigned, the People's Movement for Progress (MPP), was founded on 25 January 2014. Roch Marc Christian Kaboré was President of the MPP, while Salif Diallo was its First Vice-President.

</doc>
<doc id="18784971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784971" title="Alex Muscat">
Alex Muscat

Alexander Muscat (born 14 December 1984 in Pietà, Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Sliema Wanderers, where he usually plays as a defender.
Playing career.
Lija Athletic.
Muscat began his career as a trainee with Lija Athletic during the 2002-03 season. He made 18 appearances as he helped Lija Athletic to a 5th place finish in the Maltese First Division.
Balzan Youths.
Alex joined Balzan Youths for the 2003–04 season. The right back showed the rest of league he was more than capable of playing in the Maltese Premier League on a regular basis, and was even called up to the Maltese national team, during the season Alex made 22 appearances and scored one goal, but Balzan Youths were relegated to the Maltese First Division after finishing in 9th position.
Sliema Wanderers.
Alex joined Maltese Premier League side Sliema Wanderers in 2004 and helped his new team to the title for the 2004–05 season. In his first season Alex made 22 appearances and scored two goals, he was also voted as most promising player at the Malta Football Awards that year.
In his second season with Sliema Wanderers, Alex made 24 appearances and scored one goal, as Sliema Wanderers finished as runners up in the Maltese Premier League, Alex was also involved in winning the Euro Challenge cup with Sliema Wanderers for the 2005–06 season.
During the 2006–07 season, Alex continued at right back for Sliema Wanderers and helped the club to another runners up place, but this time Sliema Wanderers were well off the pace as they finished 11 points away from champions Marsaxlokk. Alex made 20 appearances and scored four goals.
For the 2007–08 season, Muscat hoped to bring the Maltese Premier League title back to Sliema Wanderers, however the club finished in a disappointing 4th place, with Alex making 21 appearances and scoring two goals.
Season 2008–09 was a very important one for Alex as he was chosen for the National Team under the guidance of Dusan Fitzel and continued to be an integral part of the team under the new coach John Buttigieg. He helped Sliema Wanderers to another 4th place finish, making 27 appearances and scoring five goals in the process, he also scored three important goals and won the U*BET FA Trophy two of which in the final against Valletta.
In August 2009, he scored the winner in the 2009 BOV Super Cup Trophy against Hibernians at the Ta' Qali National Stadium.
Honours.
Sliema Wanderers.
Winner
Career statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of match played 4th February 2014."

</doc>
<doc id="18784978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784978" title="Alta Allen">
Alta Allen

Alta Allen (born Alta Crowin) (September 6, 1904 – July 24, 1998) was an American actress.
Biography.
Allen was born in Oakland, California in 1904 to a Scottish mother and a West Coast "character man" father. Her first professional performance at a theatre in Oakland as Beth in "Little Women" She was ten years old at the time. Allen made several films in the 1920s, including "Skirts" in 1921 and "The Marriage Cheat" in 1922. Her final screen appearance was in "The Set-Up" in 1926. She worked for two major studios, Universal and Fox.

</doc>
<doc id="18784989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18784989" title="Meiningen Steam Locomotive Works">
Meiningen Steam Locomotive Works

The Meiningen Steam Locomotive Works () is a railway repair shop in Meiningen, Germany. It is owned by Deutsche Bahn and has specialised in the maintenance of museum steam locomotives since 1990, having extensive experience in maintaining steam engines. Today, customers of the factory include railway museums and museum railways from all over Europe. The factory is responsible for the safety inspections of all operational German steam locomotives.
Dampflokwerk Meiningen is the only facility in Europe capable of constructing new locomotive boilers up to modern standards of construction, performance, and safety. The newly built British steam locomotive 60163 "Tornado" that was delivered in 2008 had her all-steel, high-performance boiler made at Meiningen; the only part that could not be made in Britain.
History.
In 1863 the Werra Railway ("Werrabahn") built a locomotive repair shop opposite Meiningen station, which became a main workshop for the Prussian state railways in 1902. In 1910, construction of a new building on the present site was begun due to the lack of space at the original location. On 2 March 1914, the workshop was opened with 420 employees. From that time to the present day it has carried out the repair and maintenance of steam locomotives of all types. By 1918 the number of employees had risen to 2,200. From 1919 onwards, the shop was operated by the Deutsche Reichsbahn. After the foundation of the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft in 1924, it was renamed the 'Meiningen Reichsbahn Repair Depot' (Reichsbahnausbesserungswerk Meiningen or RAW Meiningen). From 1925 the new "Einheitsdampflokomotiven" were repaired and inspected too, mainly those of classes 01, 02, 43 and 44. In the 1930s an average of 60 locomotives a month were repaired; during the Second World War this rose to 87 per month. On 18 April 1945 the factory was occupied by the United States Army and on 21 April around 400 employees began work again. By the end of 1946 the number of workers had risen to just under 3,000. In 1951 nine employees lost their lives when there was a boiler explosion on a DRG Class 95 locomotive in the boiler house ("Anheizhaus"); a passer-by in a nearby street was also killed. The boiler landed in the garden of the neighbouring hospital.
In the 1960s, construction began on new snow ploughs for the DR in East Germany as well as the conversion of steam locomotives to oil-firing. At the same time the refurbishment of diesel locomotives was taken on. The number of employees hovered around 2,000. In 1961 the former streamliner, 61 002, was converted by the factory into the high-speed, trial locomotive, 18 201, which is still operational today. This engine reached a top speed of 180 km/h and is currently the fastest, operational steam locomotive in the world. In 1981 the construction of fireless locomotives and S-Bahn bogies began, whilst the repair of steam locomotives steadily waned.
After the merger of the DB and DR in 1994 into the Deutsche Bahn AG, there was a drastic cutback in the workforce. Today there are only 120 men in the factory. Since 1995, under the name of Meiningen Steam Locomotive Works ("Dampflokwerk Meiningen"), the factory has become a European specialist for the refurbishment of steam locomotives of all classes, the customer base of which includes railway companies as well as technical museums and railway heritage societies. In 1995 a major project was begun for a private investor. The former monument locomotive, ex-DB 012 102-4 (oil) from Bebra, now streamlined steam locomotive number 01 1102, also known as the "Blue-Lady“, was completely overhauled from 1994–96 and delivered to the owner, Johannes Klings, on 1 March 1996. It is a piece of history and, at the same time, an example of the quality and construction capability of the ex DR repair shop and the present day steam locomotive works. In 2002, locomotive 18 201 which the workshop had rebuilt, was completely overhauled again and transferred to its new owner "Dampf-Plus".
Today the steam locomotive works is a centre of attraction for steam locomotive enthusiasts. In June 2006 the new boiler for the 60163 "Tornado" locomotive was delivered. "Tornado" is a new English steam locomotive built to the same plans as those of the LNER Class A1 ('Peppercorn') series from the immediate post-war years, and noted for its distinctive conical shape. From April to October 2007 the "ADLER", a 1935 replica of the first German steam locomotive, was rebuilt in Meiningen after it had been badly damaged by the fire at the Nuremberg Transport Museum's roundhouse at Nuremberg West locomotive depot on 17 October 2005.
Events.
Since 1995 the "Meiningen Steam Festival" ("Meininger Dampfloktage") takes place annually on the first weekend in September. The two-day event is visited by up to 15,000 steam locomotive enthusiasts from Germany and elsewhere. Some travel there in special trains hauled by steam locomotives.
In 2007, an almost fully refurbished "ADLER", which had been seriously damaged in the 2005 fire in Nuremberg, was on display.
There are regular guided tours of the factory, every first and third Saturday in the month at 10.00 o'clock. A tour lasts about 1½ hours and booking is not necessary.

</doc>
<doc id="18785007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785007" title="Ettore Zappi">
Ettore Zappi

Ettore Zappi (1904–1986), aka Anthony Russo, was an Italian-American Gambino crime family capo. 
He died at his home in Hollywood, Florida after a long illness. He is the grandfather of Genovese crime family capos Frank and Anthony M. Galgano.

</doc>
<doc id="18785010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785010" title="Order of the Starry Cross">
Order of the Starry Cross

The Order of the Starry Cross (or Order of the Star Cross/Star Cross Order; German: "Sternkreuz-Orden") was founded by Eleanora Gonzaga of Mantua, dowager empress of the Holy Roman Empire, in 1668. This all female order was confirmed by Pope Clement IX, June 28, 1668, and was placed under the spiritual management of the Prince Bishop of Vienna. Only high-born ladies could be invested with the Order, including “princesses, countesses, and other high nobility.” Once invested, members were to “devote themselves to the service and worship of the Holy Cross, and to lead a virtuous life in the exercise of religion and works of charity.”
According to legend, the Habsburg dynasty owned a piece of the True Cross that bore Jesus of Nazareth during the Crucifixion. Though it is impossible to prove its authenticity, the holy relic was set in gold and worn by at least two Holy Roman Emperors, Maximilian II and Ferdinand III. Ferdinand III’s last consort, Empress Eleanora, was given the relic by her stepson, Emperor Leopold I, after Ferdinand’s 1657 death. In the aftermath of a fire at the Hofburg on February 2, 1668, the relic was discovered in near perfect condition. The dowager empress founded the Order in celebration that the relic had survived the fire, believing it to be a true miracle.
Members of the Order wore the following insignia: 
"An oval medallion, with a broad blue enameled border, inclosing a black enameled Eagle with two heads, and claws, both of gold, on which lies a Gold Cross, enameled green, and bordered with brown wood. Over this, on an intwined (sic) wreath in black letters, on a white ground, is the motto of the Order, ""Salue et Gloria"” – (Hail and Glory.) It is worn, pendent to a strip of black riband (sic), on the left breast."
Current administration.
According to the website of the Archdiocese of Vienna, the order is ruled by :

</doc>
<doc id="18785019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785019" title="Shibetoro District, Hokkaido">
Shibetoro District, Hokkaido

In Japanese, refers to a region disputed between Russia and Japan, currently under Russian administration. Under Japanese classification, it belongs to Nemuro Subprefecture, Hokkaidō, Japan. Cape Kamuiwakka (Russian: Cape Koritskiy) is the northernmost point under Japanese claim.
History.
It was established in 1869 as part of Chishima Province when 11 provinces and 86 districts were established in Hokkaidō. The district initially consisted of Shibetoro (蘂取村) and Otoimaushi (乙今牛村) villages. In 1923, the two villages merged to become just Shibetoro (Rudnaya) village. On August 1945, it was invaded by the Soviet army. The region remains under control of the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18785025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785025" title="Shutruk-Nakhunte">
Shutruk-Nakhunte

Shutruk-Nakhunte was king of Elam from about 1185 to 1155 BC (middle chronology), and the second king of the Shutrukid Dynasty. 
Elam amassed an empire that included most of Mesopotamia and western Iran. 
Under his command, Elam defeated the Kassites and established the short-lived Elamite Empire, conquered within about 40 years by Nebuchadnezzar I of Babylon, in 1120 BC.
Shutruk-Nakhunte was married to the daughter of a Kassite king named Meli-Schipak.
In popular culture.
Shutruk-Nakhunte gained a small public exposition in Ethan Canin's short story "The Palace Thief", and its adaptation in the 2002 film "The Emperor's Club", in which one of the key elements is a plaque describing the exploits of Shutruk-Nakhunte, described as a once famous egomaniacal conqueror virtually unknown today.
The quote from the film is, "'I am Shutruk Nahunte, King of Anshand and Susa, Sovereign of the land of Elam. I destroyed Sippar, took the stele of Niran-Sin, and brought it back to Elam, where I erected it as an offering to my god, Inshushinak.' — Shutruk Nahunte, 1158 B.C."

</doc>
<doc id="18785026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785026" title="Bălcești">
Bălcești

"For the village in Gorj County, see Bengești-Ciocadia. For the villages in Cluj County, see Beliş and Căpușu Mare."
Bălceşti is a town located in Vâlcea County, Romania. The town administers eight villages: Beneşti, Cârlogani, Goruneşti, Chirculeşti, Irimeşti, Otetelişu, Preoţeşti and Satu Poieni.

</doc>
<doc id="18785027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785027" title="Băile Olănești">
Băile Olănești

Băile Olănești is a town located in Vâlcea County, Romania. The town administers eight villages: Cheia, Comanca, Gurguiata, Livadia, Mosoroasa, Olănești, Pietrișu and Tisa.

</doc>
<doc id="18785029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785029" title="Berbești">
Berbești

Berbeşti is a town located in Vâlcea County, Romania, about 78 km south-west from Râmnicu Vâlcea. It was granted town status by law in October 2003. As of January 2009, it has a population of 5,635.
The town administers five villages: Dămţeni, Dealu Aluniş, Roşioara, Târgu Gânguleşti and Valea Mare.
Geography and climate.
Set on the lower course of the Tărâia River, a tributary of Olteţ River, Berbeşti is crossed by the 45th parallel north. 
Berbeşti is bordered by Mateești commune to the north, Sineşti commune to the south, Alunu to the west and Copăceni to the east.
Economy.
The main economic activity is coal mining that began in the 1970s. Following the economic reforms in the late 1990s, Berbeşti saw an economic downturn similar to most of the mono-industrial towns in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="18785030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785030" title="Brezoi">
Brezoi

Brezoi is a town located in Vâlcea County, Romania. It administers eight villages: Călineşti, Corbu, Drăgăneşti, Golotreni, Păscoaia, Proieni, Valea lui Stan and Văratica.

</doc>
<doc id="18785032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785032" title="Ocnele Mari">
Ocnele Mari

Ocnele Mari is a town located in Vâlcea County, Romania. The town administers eight villages: Buda, Cosota, Făcăi, Gura Suhașului, Lunca, Ocnița, Slătioarele and Țeica.

</doc>
<doc id="18785045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785045" title="Medea in Corinto">
Medea in Corinto

Medea in Corinto ("Medea in Corinth") is an opera in Italian by the composer Simon Mayr. It takes the form of a "melodramma tragico" in two acts. The libretto, by Felice Romani, is based on the Greek myth of Medea and the plays on the theme by Euripides and Pierre Corneille. The same subject had formed the basis for Luigi Cherubini's famous opera "Médée" (1797) which may have had an influence on Mayr's work. "Medea in Corinto" was first performed at the Teatro San Carlo, Naples on 28 November 1813 and was Mayr's greatest theatrical success.
Synopsis.
Act One.
Jason (Giasone) has rejected his former wife, Medea, in favour of Creusa, daughter of King Creon (Creonte) of Corinth. Creon banishes Medea from the city and she swears revenge. Meanwhile, King Aegeus (Egeo) of Athens arrives in Corinth. He had been promised Creusa as his bride. Finding he has been rejected, he makes a pact with Medea. As Jason and Creusa are being married in the temple, Medea bursts in with Aegeus's soldiers and a fight breaks out as they attempt to carry off the bride and bridegroom.
Act Two.
Creon's men have defeated and captured Medea and Aegeus. In prison, Medea uses her magic powers to summon up demons from the underworld. She kills Creusa with a poisoned robe then stabs her own - and Jason's - children to death, before making her escape in a chariot pulled by flying dragons. In despair, Jason attempts suicide in vain.

</doc>
<doc id="18785048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785048" title="Namerikawa Station">
Namerikawa Station


</doc>
<doc id="18785058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785058" title="Cumberland Market">
Cumberland Market

Cumberland Market was a London market between Regent's Park and Euston railway station. It was built in the early 19th century and was London's hay and straw market for a hundred years until the late 1920s. An arm of the Regent's Canal was built to the market. The market was surrounded by modest housing, and in the early 20th century became an artistic community. The original houses were demolished during and after the Second World War and it is now a housing estate, known as Regent's Park Estate.
Origins.
The land to the east of John Nash's Regent's Park development had originally been laid out as a service district with small houses for tradesmen and three large squares intended for the marketing of hay, vegetables and meat., Only Cumberland Market, the northernmost square survived as a commercial area. London's hay market relocated here from the Haymarket (near Piccadilly Circus) in 1830 although it was never to prove a great success, being described in 1878 as "never been very largely attended".
The Regent's Canal was developed as a means of delivering goods into the North of London. It linked the Grand Junction Canal's Paddington Arm with the River Thames at Limehouse. The Cumberland Arm was built as a spur off it and led between Nash's Park Village West and Park Village East to the Cumberland Basin which was lined by a collection of wharfs and warehouses. Hay and straw were brought in for sale at the Market and for the nearby Albany Street cavalry barracks. Barges, each capable of carrying thirty tons, would also arrive with heavy goods such as stone and lime for building; coal and timber for the neighbouring coach-building and furniture trade. Ice, too, was brought in for the ice-merchant, William Leftwich, who had an icehouse that was eighty-two feet deep and with a capacity of 1,500 tons under the Market. Vegetables and cattle were carried in as well, thus reducing the need for the latter to be driven into the city.
Clarence Market, the next square to the south, was intended to be a centre for the distribution of fresh vegetables brought in from the market gardens of Middlesex. It was later cultivated as a nursery garden and became Clarence Gardens. The houses in Clarence and Cumberland Markets were modest and the work of speculative builders who put up "run-of-the-mill products without the slightest obligation to make architecture." The southernmost square began as York Market but it never found use as a trading place and the name was later changed to Munster Square. Although its houses were tiny, with a single window on each of their three storeys, they were well-designed and perfectly proportioned.
In the NW corner of Cumberland Market, in Albany Street, John Nash had built the Ophthalmic Hospital for Sir William Adams, George IV's oculist. For several years Adams gave his services free to soldiers whose eyesight had been affected in the military campaigns in Egypt. The hospital was closed in 1822 and for a time it was used as a factory for manufacturing Bacon's and Perkin's 'steam guns'. In 1826 it was purchased by Sir Goldsworthy Gurney for the construction of his famed 'steam carriages', one of which made the journey from London to Bath and back, in July 1829. However, unable to market these vehicles Gurney was forced to sell the premises in 1832. Bought by Sir Felix Booth, the gin distiller the building survived as a landmark, although badly bombed, until demolition in 1968.
Beside the Ophthalmic Hospital was Christ Church (now St. George's Cathedral), built by Nash's assistant, Sir James Pennethorne in 1837 to serve the largely working class district. However, a series of later alterations gradually made the church more appropriate for high-church worship, and in time the windows were filled with stained glass, including a panel by Dante Gabriel Rossetti, whose family worshipped there.
The steeple of Christ Church, dominated Cumberland Market as did the nearby chimney of William Grimble's gin distillery, also in Albany Street. In 1840 Grimble decided to embark on producing vinegar from spirit left over from the distilling process. He went into partnership with Sir Felix Booth, and they set up premises in the North East corner of the Market. The venture was unsuccessful so they turned to the more conventional method of vinegar brewing. The brewery burnt down in 1864 and was rebuilt and extended soon after.
Growth of Railways.
The growth of the railway network and the opening of Euston Station in 1837 caused enormous upheaval and was one of the factors that led to the rapid decline of the area. Bringing in "noise, dirt, Irish navvies, and semi-itinerant railway workers" Charles Dickens likened the railway works cutting their way through Camden Town to a "great earthquake". More industry developed in the area than was originally planned as factories began to spring up near the canal and railway and this put even more pressure on land for housing. Houses that were originally built for middle-class families were taken over by incomers. The terraces of Mornington Crescent and Arlington Road, for example, were ideal for multi occupation for as many as nine or ten people could be accommodated in each.
By 1852 the Midland Railway was transporting around a fifth of the total coal to London through both Euston and King's Cross. Ironically the canal proved useful in the construction of both King's Cross and St Pancras in terms of getting the building materials to the site. Although still in use the Regent's Canal carried less and less until by the 1850s the Cumberland Basin was described as "no better than a stagnant putrid ditch". Cholera spread through the families of men who were employed on the barges and in the wharves around it and took hold in the overcrowded neighbourhood.
The housing situation was to become worse in the following decade. Some 4,000 houses were demolished in the area to the east of Cumberland Market to make way for the new St Pancras Station in 1868. As many as 32,000 people were displaced, most with no form of compensation. By the late nineteenth century a dramatic social divide had developed in this part of London with Cumberland Market in the middle. Just over one hundred metres to the west were the wealthy occupants of Nash's Chester Terrace while a short distance to the east were areas characterised by Charles Booth, the social commentator, as being occupied by the very poor, of those in "chronic want".
Throughout its existence the hay market operated for three days a week alongside a general produce market. The central cobbled market place, enclosed by cast-iron posts linked with chains, was surrounded by modest houses of varying styles. Most of the houses were of three storeys, some with a basement. Although originally they do not appear to have had shops the lower floors of many were subsequently converted to business. Twenty-one separate businesses are recorded in Cumberland Market at the beginning of the twentieth century together with four pubs.
The canal had proved to be a very efficient means of bringing in stone to the Cumberland Basin and a number of monumental masonry and statuary businesses had sprung up in the Euston Road to take advantage of this.
Artistic community.
As well as monumental statuary the availability of stone, combined with cheap rents and its proximity to the centre of town had attracted a number of sculptors and artists to set up studios in the Cumberland Market area. Amongst the former were Mario Raggi; John Henry Foley and Sir Thomas Brock. Sir Frederic (later Lord) Leighton also had his sculptor's studio in Osnaburgh Street.
Fred Winter, the treasurer of the New English Art Club, sculpted at No.13 Robert Street and Walter Sickert painted in the next door studio in 1894 sharing it for a while with his former master Whistler. Some years later C.R.W. Nevinson rented the same studio and it was there that he painted his works for his second exhibition of War Paintings at the Leicester Galleries of 1918.
In 1909-10 Sickert had taken a studio at No. 21 Augustus Street, which he called the "Vinegar Factory" as it had been part of Grimble's Factory. Here he taught etching. His "Cumberland Market" painting of ca. 1910 which was made at the south end of Augustus Street shows the side window of Charles Chase's bakers shop at No. 24 Cumberland Market.
Today Cumberland Market is best remembered as the home of Robert Bevan's Cumberland Market Group for it was in his first floor studio of No. 49 that he and his colleagues held their Saturday afternoon "At Homes" in the early days of the First World War.
The artist William Roberts also worked in the Market at this time and mentioned other neighbours as having been Bernard Meninsky, John Flanagan, Colin Gill, and Geoffrey Nelson.
In her "The Hay-Market" of 1914 Charlotte Mew, the poet, gave a vivid picture of Cumberland Market and its residents. Her account of a woman walking across it with her young daughter might almost have been a description of one of Bevan's better-known paintings of this period.
Another writer attracted to the area was the American "Tramp Poet" Harry Kemp, who rented two rooms in the Market in late 1913. It was there one morning, woken from an absinthe-induced hangover, by the tap-tapping of a blind man in the Market below that he wrote "Blind".
Social Conditions.
A few years beforehand, concerned by the poor conditions in which many were living Mary Neal, a philanthropist, set out to help girls working in the dressmaking trade. With Emmeline Pethick-Lawrence she established the Espérance Girls' Club at No. 50 Cumberland Market. This was open nearly every night of the week from 8 to 10 o'clock. One evening every week was set apart for a singing class, another for musical drill, another for games, or sewing or cooking. Having heard of Cecil Sharp's collection of folk songs in 1905 she asked him for suitable ones that might be taught to the girls. This proved to be such a success that he was asked to recommend dances to go with the songs. Within a short time the Espérance girls were putting on demonstrations around the country. Sharp collaborated with Herbert MacIlwaine, the musical director of the club, to produce the first of the Morris books.
Mary Neal had been an early supporter of the Women's Social and Political Union and the Espérance Club danced at many of their events. This proved to be one of the reasons for Sharp and Neal to fall out and although she went on to publish two Espérance Morris books, the Club closed during the First World War. 
The theme of social change remained strong in Cumberland Market, for in 1916 Miss M.M. Jeffery, who had been the reformer Octavia Hill's secretary, took over three rooms at No. 42. She had been appointed to manage the Cumberland Market (London) Estate of the Commissioner's of Crown Lands (later the Crown Estate Commissioners). This was an estate 'of about 850 houses divided into about 2,000 tenancies, occupied by a population of about 7,000'.
Decline.
A market continued on the site right up until the late 1920s, and the last trading barges ceased sometime in 1930. Local businesses were in terminal decline and by 1931 only five remained and the King's Head was the sole surviving pub. In the same year the buildings on the north side of the Market were demolished, including Grimble's Vinegar Factory, and replaced by council housing.
In August 1938 the Cumberland Basin was dammed off and drained and in the next two years it was formally abandoned. By 15 January 1941 the Basin had been filled in with rubble from London's bombing and in the years following the Second World War the site was covered with topsoil and turned into allotments.
Being so close to both Euston and King's Cross stations it was inevitable that the area would have been so heavily bombed during the Second World War. A V1 rocket landed on the NE corner in 1944 and the buildings on the SE corner were damaged beyond repair. General blast damage was also sustained in the SW corner.
The remaining buildings were demolished in 1950 and in 1951 the Crown Estate Commissioners sold the on which Munster Square, Clarence Gardens and Cumberland Market stood to St Pancras Borough Council for the building of a housing estate, known as Regent's Park Estate.

</doc>
<doc id="18785076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785076" title="Anthony Warde">
Anthony Warde

Anthony Warde (November 4, 1908 - January 8, 1975) was a noted American actor who appeared in over 150 films between 1937 and 1964.
Career.
A native of Pennsylvania, Warde started his Hollywood career in "Escape by Night", appearing in a handful of undistinguished feature films before gaining popularity as one of the hardest working henchmen in the 1930s and 1940s serials.
Warde first appeared in his first film bow in 1936, but he spent most of his time bothering serials heroes as a vicious bodyguard, underground leader or infamous rustler, but also was satisfactory in character roles and the occasional sympathetic part. Usually, he played in many unsavory characterizations, including low-budget crime and Western styles throughout his career. He also appeared in popular serials such as "Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars" (1938), for Universal; "The Spider Returns" (1941) and "Batman" (1943) for Columbia, as well as in "The Masked Marvel" (1943), "The Purple Monster Strikes" (1945) and "The Black Widow" (1947) for Republic.
But Warde is probably best remembered for playing Killer Kane, gangster ruler of the Earth in Universal's adaptation of "Buck Rogers" (1939). In the 1950s, he made a multiple number of TV appearances including a brief turn as a counterfeiter in two episodes of "Amos 'N' Andy".
Warde made his last screen appearance in "The Carpetbaggers", a 1964 film adaptation of Harold Robbins' best-seller novel. Following his acting career, he owned a men's clothing store.
Anthony Warde died in Hollywood, California at the age of 66.

</doc>
<doc id="18785083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785083" title="Russia-24 (TV channel)">
Russia-24 (TV channel)

Russia-24 () is a VGTRK-owned international and national Russian-language news channel from Russia. It covers major national and international events with a Russian perspective and a focus on domestic issues. Channel is used for Putin propaganda.
The channel was named Vesti until the major rebranding of VGTRK-owned channels on 1 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="18785086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785086" title="Jeffrey Chetcuti">
Jeffrey Chetcuti

Jeffrey Chetcuti (born 22 April 1974 in Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese First Division side Gżira United, where he plays as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="18785105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785105" title="Adam Chicksen">
Adam Chicksen

Adam Thomas Chicksen (born 27 September 1991) is an English footballer currently playing for Football League Championship side Brighton & Hove Albion.
Career.
He joined the Milton Keynes Dons Dons academy as a 14-year-old in July 2006 and was handed a two-year scholarship at the start of the 2008–09 season. He is the first, and apart from Mark Randall, only player born in Milton Keynes to play for the Dons. He attended St Paul's Catholic School. 
He debuted for MK Dons first team in pre-season match against Reading in July 2007. His first league match was against Leicester City on 9 August 2008.
He signed on a one-month loan for Leyton Orient on 1 January 2012 and impressed on his first game for The O's as they beat Stevenage 1–0.
On 13 November 2012, Adam Chicksen scored his first senior goal in the FA Cup first round replay against Cambridge City. On 23 February 2013, Adam Chicksen scored his first league goal in an Npower league 1 fixture against Carlisle United. He scored his second league goal in 7 days against Preston North End the following week, smashing home from close range.
On 14 July 2013, Chicksen signed a three-year contract with Brighton & Hove Albion.

</doc>
<doc id="18785109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785109" title="HMS Superb (1736)">
HMS Superb (1736)

HMS "Superb" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built to the 1733 proposals of the 1719 Establishment of dimensions at Woolwich Dockyard, and launched on 27 August 1736.
A collection of letters from Captain Thomas Sanders at the Navy Historical Center in Washington D. C. shows "Superb" took part in the 1745 Siege of Louisbourg as the flagship of Commodore Peter Warren "Commanding His Majesty's Ships in the North Atlantic" under command of Captain Tiddeman.
"Superb" was broken up in 1757.

</doc>
<doc id="18785113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785113" title="Moufida Bourguiba">
Moufida Bourguiba

Moufida Bourguiba (مفيدة بورقيبة), (born Mathilde Lorrain) (1890 in Saint-Maur-des-Fossés France – 15 November 1976 in Monastir). She was the first wife of the President of Tunisia Habib Bourguiba and the First Lady of Tunisia from 1957 to 1961.
Biography.
Mathilde Lorrain was born in France in 1890 in Saint-Maur-des-Fossés, Val-de-Marne. She married a French officer, Colonel le Fras who was killed at the very end of the First World War on 11 November 1918. She met Habib Bourguiba in 1925 whilst he was studying Law in Paris. Their only son, also Habib, was born in April 1927 and they married in August 1927. 
After independence she became Tunisian, converted to Islam and took the name, "Moufida", on 25 October 1958. Her husband awarded her with a number of honours but she is claimed to have said that she only did things only for him and his country.
The couple divorced in 1961. She died in Monastir in 1976. Her husband remarried Wassila Ben Ammar.

</doc>
<doc id="18785117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785117" title="Quarry, Texas">
Quarry, Texas

Quarry is an unincorporated community in northern Washington County, Texas, United States. It lies along State Highway 36 northwest of the city of Brenham, the county seat of Washington County. Its elevation is 256 feet (78 m), and it is located at (30.3077111, -96.5105241). Named for local quarries, the community was built along the Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe Railway. In 1891, a post office was opened in Quarry. As the years passed, Quarry declined, in part due to the decreasing importance of its mining economy; its post office closed in 1905. Ranching has been the mainstay of the community in recent years.

</doc>
<doc id="18785124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785124" title="Wellington Aparecido Martins">
Wellington Aparecido Martins

Wellington Aparecido Martins or simply Wellington (born 28 January 1991), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for São Paulo FC as a defensive midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="18785134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785134" title="Summit Lake Ski Area">
Summit Lake Ski Area

Summit Lake Ski Area is a small community-operated ski hill located at the lake and community of the same name, 16km (10 miles) east of Nakusp, British Columbia, Canada, in that province's Arrow Lakes-Slocan region. The hill, located at the east end of the lake adjacent to BC Hwy 6 has a T-Bar and rope tow and a daylodge with cafeteria with rentals and lessons. The area features night skiing, snowboarding, a halfpipe, a 1km cross-country ski trail, and a terrain park for summer use.
Average annual snowfall is 3.8 m (12.5 ft), with a vertical drop of 152m (500 ft) on 12 hectares (30 acres). There are eight runs, the longest of which is 152m (500 ft).

</doc>
<doc id="18785145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785145" title="List of The Wallflower chapters">
List of The Wallflower chapters

This is a list of the chapters that comprise the manga series The Wallflower written by Tomoko Hayakawa. The individual chapters have been serialized in "Bessatsu Friend" since its premiere in 2000, and in 20 "tankōbon" volumes in Japan by Kodansha. The series is licensed for an English language release in North America by Del Rey Manga and in Singapore by Chuang Yi — under the name "My Fair Lady" and in Indonesia by Level Comics under the name "Perfect Girl Evolution".

</doc>
<doc id="18785147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785147" title="Yohanan Petrovsky-Shtern">
Yohanan Petrovsky-Shtern

Yohanan Petrovsky-Shtern (born in 1962 in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a historian, philologist and essayist, noted in particular for his studies of the institution of Cantonism, his critique of Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn's controversial two volume-work about Jews in Russia, "Two Hundred Years Together", as well as translations of Jorge Luis Borges' works into Russian. He teaches Early Modern, Modern and East European Jewish history and Culture at Northwestern University.
He was born in Kiev in 1962 to the family of Miron Petrovsky, a noted Ukrainian philologist. He studied art and music early on, and for some time sang in the Shchedryk children's choir.
He holds a Ph.D. in Comparative Literature from Moscow University and a Ph.D. in Jewish history from Brandeis University. He has been a Rothschild Fellow at Hebrew University in Jerusalem, a Sensibar Visiting Professor at Spertus Institute for Jewish Learning and Leadership in Chicago, a Visiting Scholar at École des Hautes Études en Sciences Sociales, a Research Fellow at The National Endowment for the Humanities, in Poland, and a Fulbright Scholar at Kyiv Mohyla Academy in Kiev.
Publications.
Among his publications are more than 50 scholarly articles and such monographs as "Jews in the Russian Army, 1827–1917: Drafted into Modernity" (Cambridge University Press, 2009), "The Anti-Imperial Choice: the Making of the Ukrainian Jew" (Yale University Press, 2009), and "The Golden Age Shtetl: A New History of Jewish Life in East Europe" (Princeton University Press, 2014), which provided the first grassroots social, economic, and cultural history of the shtetl.

</doc>
<doc id="18785163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785163" title="1994 International Tennis Championships – Singles">
1994 International Tennis Championships – Singles

Luiz Mattar defeated Jamie Morgan 6–4, 3–6, 6–3 to win the 1994 International Tennis Championships singles event. Todd Martin was the defending champion.

</doc>
<doc id="18785165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785165" title="Sunfish Lake (Ontario)">
Sunfish Lake (Ontario)

Sunfish Lake is a small, 25 hectare meromictic lake located north-west of Waterloo, Ontario in the village of St. Agatha in northern Wilmot Township, and is the source of Laurel Creek. It is one of a few meromictic lakes in Ontario, that is, its deep bottom waters (21 metres or 70 feet) are totally devoid of oxygen. The surface and bottom layers do not mix, and the lake is vulnerable to environmental damage.
Restrictions on lake use include no motorized boats, no fertilizer or pesticide use, and regular septic tank inspections.
Sunfish Lake is often compared to Paradise Lake which is about 3 km to the north west, in Wellesley Township. Paradise Lake is a much larger lake and accommodates many more properties with the ability to live year round.
There are about 20 cottages and homes on the lake, of which only a small handful are zoned for year round residence, the rest are zoned recreational and are not used nor lanes cleared during the winter.
Sunfish Lake Association.
The Sunfish Lake Association was formed in 1961 by Edna Staebler and Jack Hutchison and is an incorporated, charitable group with a mandate of stewarding and protecting the Sunfish Lake area. The Sunfish Lake Association has been instrumental in engaging the media and the community in the Region of Waterloo’s Environmentally Sensitive Lands initiative, which is similar to a local greenway.
Throughout the 1960s, the ecological health of the area improved and in 1978 the Association co-ordinated the creation of Sunfish Holdings, Inc. to purchase environmentally sensitive lands surrounding Sunfish Lake to guarantee future protection.
In the 1980s, an intensive program of harvesting chara to remove an abundance of nutrients in the lake was undertaken, along with limiting the lake to counteract the effects of acid rain. Stewardship efforts continued in the 1990s and 2000s with efforts to control purple loosestrife, a new forest management program and considerable efforts to protect a broader area around the lake with the Laurel Creek Headwaters Environmentally Sensitive Landscape greenbelt initiative.
The association members have also been supportive of Ontario Nature’s greenway initiative, and regularly share their experiences with engaging landowners and the broader community. The group owns and stewards of woodland and wetland surrounding Sunfish Lake. They have undertaken tree planting projects, and have conducted a fish survey of Sunfish Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="18785170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785170" title="Higashi-Namerikawa Station">
Higashi-Namerikawa Station


</doc>
<doc id="18785174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785174" title="White Flag League">
White Flag League

The White Flag League (also known as the White Flag Association, White Flag Society, or the White Brigade Movement) was an organized nationalist resistance movement of Sudanese military officers, formed in 1923-1924, which made a substantial early attempt toward Sudanese independence.
The League was founded by Lieutenant Ali Abdullatif and Abdullah Khalil . It advocated for "Unity of the Nile Valley," calling for Sudanese independence and unity with Egypt, and pledging allegiance to King Fuad.
First lieutenant Abdul Fadil Almaz led the group's insurrection of the military training academy, which ended in their defeat and the Almaz's death after the British army blew up the military hospital where he was garrisoned. It has been suggested that this defeat was partially the result of the Egyptian garrison in Khartoum North not supporting the insurrection with artillery as was previously promised.

</doc>
<doc id="18785182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785182" title="Uozu Station">
Uozu Station


</doc>
<doc id="18785190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785190" title="Data type (disambiguation)">
Data type (disambiguation)

Datatype may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18785198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785198" title="OFS Studio">
OFS Studio

__NOTOC__
Arts at the Old Fire Station (OFS, formerly the Old Fire Station Theatre and Old Fire Station Arts Centre) is a social enterprise in Oxford (40 George Street or Gloucester Green, Oxford, OX1 2AQ) comprising a gallery, theatre and studio for dance, drama and music, workshops for artists as well as a shop selling original work by artists and designers. There are studios available to hire for classes, rehearsals and meetings.
Arts at the Old Fire Station was redeveloped in 2011 for use as a Crisis Skylight Centre. Crisis Skylight Oxford is a training centre providing creative and formal learning opportunities to homeless and vulnerably housed people and a dedicated employment service which helps them find and keep jobs. The Crisis Skylight Cafe provides on-the-job training, as well as great city centre food and drink to the wider public.

</doc>
<doc id="18785199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785199" title="Rugby union in Martinique">
Rugby union in Martinique

Rugby union in Martinique is a minor, but growing sport.
Governing body.
The Comité Territorial de Rugby de la Martinique is a committee under the umbrella of the French Rugby Federation which is the governing body for rugby union within French Guiana.
The committee is not affiliated to the IRB in its own right, but it is affiliated to NACRA, (formerly NAWIRA), which is the regional governing body for North America and the Caribbean.
History.
Rugby was introduced to Martinique by the French who colonised the area. More talented players tend to leave for Metropolitan France.
There have been occasional games against sides from the other Caribbean islands. Most of its rugby contacts are either with them, or with France itself.
Martinique competes in the NACRA Caribbean Championship, a tournament which includes Trinidad and Tobago, Bermuda, the Cayman Islands, Jamaica, the Bahamas, British Virgin Islands, Antigua and Guyana.

</doc>
<doc id="18785206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785206" title="John Oates Bower">
John Oates Bower

John Oates Bower (October 14, 1901 in Shelburne, Nova Scotia, Canada – 16 January 1981 in Sandy Point, Nova Scotia) was a Canadian politician, businessman and executive. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1965 as a Member of the Progressive Conservative Party to represent the riding of Shelburne—Yarmouth—Clare. He was previously defeated in the 1963 election.
Bower worked as a geologist for Mobil-affiliated companies Columbian Petroleum and Colsag. He retired from that business in 1969, the year after he left federal politics due to poor health.

</doc>
<doc id="18785207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785207" title="Kurobe Station">
Kurobe Station


</doc>
<doc id="18785209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785209" title="Brian Reid (motorcycle racer)">
Brian Reid (motorcycle racer)

Brian Reid is a former motorcycle road racer from Northern Ireland.
Biography.
Reid started racing in 1976 at St. Angelo airfield, Enniskillen, and had his first road race the same year at the Dundrod Circuit in Killinchy 150 riding a TD3 250 Yamaha. His first road race win came in 1979 at a wet Carrowdore meeting riding a 125cc Morbidelli.
He first tackled the Isle of Man circuit for the Manx Grand Prix in 1978 riding a Yamaha TZ250 which seized in the newcomers race and threw him off at Cruikshanks corner in Ramsey, his best result at the Manx coming in 1980 with a second place in the senior race riding an RG500 Suzuki for Welsh sponsor Raymond Cowles. Reid’s first Isle of Man TT race came in 1981, without much luck, but he won the first of his national championships the 350cc Ulster Grand Prix that same year.
In 1982 Reid created history by becoming the first to win 3 Irish road race championships in one year, taking the 250cc, 350cc and 500cc titles. 1983 saw him crowned Irish Motorcyclist of the Year which he also won again in 1989. In 1984 Reid turned his attention to the Formula TT world championship racing with loyal friend and sponsor Mick Mooney of Irish Racing Motorcycles supplying a privately entered 350cc Yamaha. In that first year Reid collected a bronze medal and, but for a breakdown at the Ulster Grand Prix, could have been gold. Reid made amends in 1985 by taking gold with wins in Portugal, Spain and the Ulster, and repeated the feat in 1986 to be a double world champion; he also had the first of his 5 TT wins in this year.
1989 saw the launch of the hugely popular Regal 600cc championship which Reid took by storm, dominating from the beginning and taking the title on the Budweiser Yamaha, again he retained his title in 1990 and won his second TT taking the Supersport 600cc. Reid went on to take TT wins in 1992, with a double in the Supersport 400cc and Junior 250cc, and in 1993 with a Junior 250cc win.
In 1994 his career was brought to a premature end when he was involved in a serious accident at the Temple 100, his worst ever crash, which ultimately forced him to retire from the sport.

</doc>
