<doc id="18736933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736933" title="Henry Collen">
Henry Collen

Henry Collen (9 October 1797 – 8 May 1879) was a miniature portrait painter to Queen Victoria and the Duchess of Kent. Later in life he turned to photography and was on the cutting edge in photography in mid-19th century in London. He had great technical expertise and ability to transfer his ideas and data that he had gathered to new and different fields, such as painting and studies of light, optics, and the science of photography.
Portrait painter.
Henry Collen was born on 9 October 1797 and baptized at St. Pancras, Middlesex. When he was 29, he married Ellen Dison, who was born in 1805 and had spent her childhood in Ireland. They were married on 12 August 1826 in Maghera, Ireland.
Henry Collen learned to paint at the Royal Academy and under the tutelage of Sir George Hayter whose family had been, and remained close personal friends of the Collen family . In fact, in her letters, Ellen Collen states that she met Henry at the home of John Hayter, Sir George's younger brother, also a prolific painter. Henry Collen was the godfather of Sir George Hayter's third son Angelo Collen Hayter (1819–1898) who was an amateur painter and Sir George Hayter was the godfather of Henry's son Edwin (1843–1911), who was baptised Edwin Henry Hayter Collen (later Lieutenant General G.C.I.R., C.B.)
Henry was the editor of "DeBrett's Peerage" from 1844 to 1879, which may have afforded him very useful contact with nobility. "In the eighteen-thirties, Henry Collen was personally acquainted with young Princess Victoria, being her drawing teacher and her miniature portrait painter." Also, "For her fourteenth birthday on 24 May 1833 Victoria received a 'little painting for my album' from Collen, and on at least two occasions she sat for her portrait by him." (R. Derek Wood (1994)).
Henry Collen made a fairly moderate living as a portrait painter in London in the mid-19th century. Between 1820 and 1872 he exhibited at least one hundred paintings at the Royal Academy and the SBA, and by 1821 he had won a silver medal at the Royal Academy. Some of his portraits from collection of the National Portrait Gallery hang in the Bodelwyddan Castle, in the library, along with "other portraits displayed in the room (which) show some of the greatest writers and thinkers of the Victorian period." (site: www.npg.orguk/bodlibp.htm)
One of the four Henry Collen portraits was of a John Avery titled "Surgeon", which is a watercolour miniature on ivory, being only 8" × 5". This piece is on display at Bodelwyddan Castle, as are two other works, an oil painting on panel of Robert Vernon by George Jones and Henry Collen, painted in 1848 and a portrait of Henry Bickersteth, Baron Langdale, painted in 1829, entitled Master of the Roles. This piece is also a watercolour miniature on ivory and only 4" × 3. There are two pictures of Charles Mayne Young. One is another watercolour on ivory, painted in 1824. The other is a mezzotint published in 1826 but is not on display. Another piece that is not on display is a stipple engraving of Jane Elizabeth, Countess of Ellenborough, published in 1829. So, in all, six portraits that hang in the NPG are "associated" with Henry Collen.
The Victoria and Albert Museum has a regular miniature of a man, which is 4 in. × 3in., signed H. Collen/1846, the H and C being separate. The National Portrait Gallery has a miniature of Baron Langdale by Collen, 1829. The Wallace Collection has a miniature of Sarah the Countess of Warwick by Collen, 1825, after Hayter. At Windsor Castle are several miniatures by Collen, including portraits of the Duchess of Kent (1829) and Lady Catherine Vernon Harcourt (1838). One of them is a copy after Hayter. The Duke of Northumberland has a miniature of Lady Margaret Percy by Collen.
According to G. Scharf's "Third Portion of a Catalogue of Pictures... Duke of Bedford," 1878, p. 109:
The Duke of Bedford has an oval miniature of a lady, about 35/8 in. × 27/8 in., signed in front with a scratched signature "H Collen 1840" (the H and C not forming a monogram) and inscribed at the back "1840/painted by Henry Collen/Miniature Painter to/ The Queen and H.R.H. the Duchess of Kent/29 Somerset St /Portman Square/London." It is broader in treatment than many of his earlier works.
The British Museum has some engraved portraits by Collen. 
Henry Collen worked in the company of many respected artists in mid-19th century London, as well as important scientists of his day. He collaborated in the early 1840s with the famous astronomer, John Frederick William Herschel. He may have associated with the artist Thomas Sully and his wife. Besides being close to the Hayter family, who were already established artists, Henry and Ellen were also close friends of Edwin Landseer, the well-known painter of animals and pastoral English landscapes as well as the designer of the four bronze lions at the base of Nelson's Column in Trafalgar Square, London. Landseer was the godfather of Henry's only son, Edwin. In the book of printed correspondence between Ellen and Edwin Collen, titled "Letters from my Mother," Ellen mentioned that Landseer sent a note and a gift at Edwin's baptism. She also mentions going to the funeral of Charles Landseer. It is probable that Henry's son, Edwin Collen was named after Edwin Landseer (or perhaps after Henry's grandfather, Edwin Eichhorn).
Portrait photographer.
By the 1840s, Henry Collen was established as a portrait painter of some note. It is also at this time that his photographic work became known. In March 1840 Collen became interested in experimenting with electrotyping daguerreotype plates for printing purposes. By spring he was experimenting extensively with the calotype processes, the lenses, the paper, etc. (Schaaf)
Calotype was an early photographic process developed by W.Henry Fox Talbot who was a colleague of Collen's. Talbot supplied the photographic knowledge and Collen the artistic know-how. In an article titled "Photography in the 1840s," Peter Marshall describes the distinction between daguerreotypes and calotypes. "The daguerrotype spread rapidly around the world...There were some limitations on the spread." Daguerre's process was somewhat limited by his prior patent in the UK, and so only those professionals who could afford a license were able to do so. Meanwhile, Talbot patented his calotype process in the UK and the US, but he was unable to get a patent in France which also limited its growth. Also, Marshall states, "In general, most professional photographers used the daguerreotype process in the 1840s, while the calotype was generally favored by those who were not attempting to earn an income." (A chart describing the differences between calotypes and daguerreotypes is included in the Appendix).
"In August, 1841, Fox Talbot licensed Henry Collen as the first professional photographer, or calotypist." (source: www.terramedia.co.uk/Chromomedia/years/1840-1844.htm)
He then set himself up as a calotype portraitist in August 1841, in what was probably the first calotype portrait studio, at 29 Somerset Street, Portman Square, London (between Oxford Street and Manchester Square) near the present sight of Selfridge's. "Licenses were expensive. Talbot took 30 percent of Collen's takings for his use of the process" (Marshall). Henry received favorable responses from his colleagues about the quality of his portraits. He took approximately one thousand portraits using the calotype process. "Collen's photographic
miniatures were a compromise between the old art of miniature painting and the new art
of photography - they were overpainted paper photographs. The earliest extant
photograph of Queen Victoria was almost certainly taken by Collen in 1844 or 1845." (Bill Jay)
Robert A. Sobieszek had this to say about photography and Henry Collen in Victorian England:
"During the Victorian period, 'artistical' photographs 
were customarily judged on four points:
First, that they were exact replicas of Nature's form and appearance. 
Second, they were to communicate the "feeling, sentiment, or sensations of Nature" and be able to cause similar emotional reactions.
Third, and more vague, the artistic photograph was to record the romantic expressions and impressions of this same Nature.
And, fourth, the final photograph was to be formally and spiritually perfect, reflecting Nature's perfections.
The landscapes of Roger Fenton and Francis Frith, and the portraiture of Antoine Claudet and Henry Collen . . . are clear and certain applications of the above prescriptions to photographic picture-making." (Sobieszek)
The distinguishing feature of Henry Collen's photographic portraits was the fact that as an artist, he could touch up his portraits with paint. When he enhanced with paint, he was able to charge a bit more for them. Unfortunately, as time has passed, the silver of the photographs has faded, but the paint has not, so the portraits have an uneven, exaggerated, faded and sometimes splotchy look. It is thought that this is one reason why Collen's work in photography has not been recognized as it may have been if the portraits had remained intact.
Photocopier.
In the late 1970s, Larry Schaaf wrote about the contributions of Henry Collen to the field of photography in its early stages in London in the 19th century. Schaaf's premise was that Collen's work was indeed noteworthy, and had perhaps been overshadowed by the earlier work of William Henry Fox Talbot in the same field. The information on the following pages comes from Mr. Schaaf's article titled, "Henry Collen and the Treaty of Nanking," which appeared in The History of Photography, an international quarterly, October 1982.
The Treaty of Nanking was signed on 29 August 1842. The treaty signaled the end of the "Opium Wars" between China and England. It also ceded the island of Hong Kong to England and was of great commercial and psychological importance to the British Empire. Photography was in its infancy. Daguerre's method had the "ability to record the fine detail" but would have supplied "only a small metal plate as a facsimile of the rice paper." Talbot's process was far more suitable for copying the original treaty, and so authorities turned to the first man licensed to practice in London" and the man who had the know-how to make the photographic copy of the treaty.(Schaaf)
Schaaf states, "Henry Collen was in the unique position of both owning the patent rights and of having access to the circles of power. As miniature-painter to the Queen, he would have been in a position to discuss such a project with the proper people..."
The treaty consists of 22 pages handwritten in English in ink and sixteen sheets of Chinese characters. On Christmas Day, Collen produced at least two copies of the document. "Copying a four foot -long document with delicate lettering out to the edges would be quite difficult, especially in 1842" (Schaaf). He goes on to state that he thinks Collen merits a great deal more study than he had been given to that date.
Since Larry Schaaf wrote his 1982 article about the Treaty of Nanking, R. Derek Wood has written another article titled "Photocopying the Treaty of Nanking in January 1843." In it, Wood includes new information about the number of copies produced by Henry Collen and their whereabouts. It seems that the original treaty was brought to London for the Queen's signature after Collen made the copy. At the last minute, it was decided that an extra copy should be made to hang at Buckingham Palace, which is why Collen was working on it on Christmas Day. Wood believes that three copies were made in all. The copy that hung at the palace is thought to have been discarded but there is a copy at the International Museum of Photography and Film at the George Eastman House in Rochester, NY. It is in book form and is bound in leather. (see photo) Mr. Wood's article deciphers the long journey of this copy and the location of the original Chinese document. Collen's copies were taken to China, but by 1877 the original could not be located. It seems that when in the very last few days of June in 1997, as Hong Kong was passed back to the People's Republic of China, a(n)...announcement was made to reveal that Chiang Kai-shek's Chinese Nationalist forces had secretly taken the original Treaty of Nanking when they retreated to Taiwan from China in 1949. And the documents have been hidden in a sealed vault of the Taiwan Foreign Ministry. (Wood)
Meanwhile, in 1952, the George Eastman House was offered for purchase one of Henry Collen's copies from a dealer of rare books in California. It was unknown how this dealer had obtained this copy. It is Wood's contention that this copy was brought to California by a member of Chiang Kai-shek's forces who fled from Taiwan to California just before February, 1952.
Wood's article also includes copies of bills financial costs and copies of the treat (included in Appendix).
At any rate, even after such seemingly important strides in the infant field of photography, Henry Collen still had unsurmountable hurdles to face in his attempts to make photography a financially viable profession. The problem, in part, was due to the nature of his relationship to Talbot.
The relationship between Henry Collen and Henry Talbot seems quite complex. They were probably good friends. Talbot originated the calotype process and licensed Collen to practice it. Henry paid Talbot a fair share of his profits. Collen worked to perfect the process and invested considerable time and energy into this work. He wanted patent protection rights from Talbot because of this. Talbot stalled in this area. As mentioned earlier, Talbot had the scientific knowledge and Collen the artistic, but for some reason, Talbot did not pursue the business possibilities attendant to the caloytype process. When Collen was asked to photograph the Treaty of Nanking, Talbot's wife later lamented about why Talbot himself hadn't done the job "for her Majesty." (Schaaf).
Schaaf also states that Talbot for some reason did not share all of his expertise with Collen, and at some point Henry's lack of scientific know-how limited his ability to experiment further. Henry Collen had taken over one thousand calotype portraits but had received payment for only 265 of them. It was not profitable for Collen or Talbot to continue. He ended his calotype business in 1844 and retired to St. Albans in 1861. He had photographed some of the most important people of his day and his photographic work was respected enough to hang in Buckingham Palace.
The largest collections of his photographic works are in the George Eastman House in Rochester, N.Y. and The Science Museum in London as well as the Fox Talbot Museum and the Royal Photographic Society.
In spite of an unfortunately shortened photographic career, Henry Collen is mentioned and published in various journals of photography and science (see appendix).

</doc>
<doc id="18736944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736944" title="Pan Yao">
Pan Yao

Pan Yao (born 1989-03-27 in Jiangsu) is a Chinese sprint canoer who competed in the late 2000s. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, he was eliminated in the semifinals of both the K-1 500 m and the K-1 1000 m events.

</doc>
<doc id="18736954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736954" title="Stephen Fellows">
Stephen Fellows

Stephen Fellows is a singer, songwriter and musician. From 1978–1995, he was frontman for the band The Comsat Angels. He also managed the band Gomez and helped guide the band the Little Glitches.
Fellows' first post-Comsat Angels work was "Mood X", an album released in 1997 that had 15 tracks of atmospheric guitar with no vocals. In July 2008, he posted songs to his Myspace page that he recorded in the mid-1990s.
Fellows lives and works in Sheffield, England.

</doc>
<doc id="18736956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736956" title="That Royle Girl">
That Royle Girl

That Royle Girl was a 1925 American silent comedy film directed by D. W. Griffith and released by Paramount Pictures. The film was based on the novel of the same name by Edwin Balmer, and starred Carol Dempster, W. C. Fields and Harrison Ford. It is now considered lost. 
Production.
A poor young woman (Carol Dempster) from the slums of Chicago singlehandedly saves a jazz bandleader (Harrison Ford) after he is improperly convicted and sentenced to death for murder.
This film, along with "Sally of the Sawdust", marked Griffith's return to working for an important Hollywood studio, (Paramount), something he hadn't experienced since leaving Biograph in 1914. He also had to work with a tight shooting script as Paramount executives Adolph Zukor and Jesse L. Lasky insisted the film be brought on schedule and on budget. 
Griffith had been a founding partner in Triangle Studios in 1915 and United Artists in 1919, and these ventures allowed him leeway in the way he made films. However, now the leisurely approach to filmmaking Griffith had enjoyed at his own Mamaroneck, New York was gone. Griffith had been for all intents and purposes an independent producer since leaving Biograph. Griffith shot "That Royle Girl" on locations across Chicago. The film’s climactic sequence, a devastating tornado, was filmed on a football field at Paramount’s Astoria Studio in Queens, New York, where Griffith created a fully built village. Griffith used the power of 24 airplane propellers to recreate the wreckage and ruin of the tornado’s fury. 
While the production was underway, Griffith added W. C. Fields to the cast for a comedy relief supporting role as the heroine’s inebriated stepfather.
Preservation status.
No print of "That Royle Girl" is known to exist. In 1980, the American Film Institute included this title among its list of the “Ten Most Wanted” lost films of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="18736964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736964" title="Malcolm Afford">
Malcolm Afford

Malcolm "Max" Afford (Born in Adelaide 8 April 1906, died in Sydney 2 November 1954) was an Australian playwright and novelist.
Biography.
Early years.
Afford was born at Parkside, Adelaide. He left school when he was 16, and started writing novels and plays.
Adult life.
After winning the centenary competition in Adelaide, he moved to Sydney in 1936, on contract to the Australian Broadcasting Commission (ABC) as a playwright and producer in the Federal Productions Department.
Max married Thelma Thomas on 16 April 1938 at St Michael's church, Vaucluse, Sydney, a costume designer whom he had met on the set of "Colonel Founder / Awake my Love" two years earlier. Thelma was also originally from Broken Hill, New South Wales, then Adelaide and had moved to Sydney to design the costumes for the New South Wales sesqui-centenary celebration pageant. Max and Thelma did not have children.
Death.
Afford died of cancer on 2 November 1954 at Mosman, Sydney, and was cremated. Thelma Afford survived him until 1996.
Numerous condolence letters from his friends, colleagues and admirers were sent to his wife from around Australia and from overseas including the US, the UK and Hong Kong. Many are held in the Fryer Library at the University of Queensland and express sadness about his death, admiration for his literary achievement and regret for the great loss to the Australian literary world.
"Max was one of the sweetest, gayest and most endearing people I have ever encountered", Betty Roland wrote. Tom Inglis Moore said, "He was such an attractive person in himself, and he had outstanding gifts. As a writer he was at the top of the profession as a dramatic writer for radio, a first-class craftsman. His stage plays showed that if he had gone on, he would have become an important playwright. I felt that Max had the talent to have gone even further in achievement. He had such a vitality that it is very hard to realize the truth."
Then Chairman of ABC, Sir Richard Boyer, wrote,“Max was not only the most valued contributor to some of the best of our broadcasts, but was held in great respect and affection by all of us in the ABC (Australian Broadcasting Commission).” David Carver, the International Secretary and General Secretary of English PEN expressed gratitude for his contributions to Australian literary life: "The Sydney P.E.N. owed him a great deal for all the hard work and enthusiasm of his years as President." Ernest William Burbridge, Representative of the British Council in Australia, wrote that "(Max) was so devoted to his art, and had such passionate belief in the cause of Drama."
Professional life.
Beginnings in Adelaide.
Max Afford wrote three novels while in his twenties, which were later published in England and America. He worked as a reporter at the "News and Mail" from 1926 to 1931. His first story was published in "Smith's Weekly" in 1928. In 1936 he won the "Advertiser'"s centenary play competition with "William Light The Founder" (later titled "Awake My Love"). His 'Jeffrey Blackburn' novels included "Blood On His Hands!" (London, 1936) and "Death's Mannikins" (London, 1937). Many were dramatised for radio, starring Peter Finch and Neva Carr Glyn as the husband-and-wife detective team. Afford wrote eight crime novels, usually employing English settings, and more than sixty radio and stage plays, usually stories of crime involving the sifting of situations that ultimately uncover the perpetrators. He was considered somewhat of a pioneer of the "whodunit" in radio broadcasting.
A science fiction story, "The Glan Men of the Island", appeared in "Wonder Stories" in January 1931.
Career in Sydney.
Afford was one of the first contract writers to be engaged by the ABC. In 1936, he won three playwriting awards, and was appointed Staff Dramatist by the ABC, with whom he was contracted for six years. During this time he wrote 30 one-and-a-half-hour plays, 15 serials, more than 100 play adaptations, and produced a number of his own plays. From 1941 he wrote children's and adult radio serials including "Hagen's Circus" (800 episodes) for radio 2GB and 2UE.
In 1942, Afford resigned from the ABC and joined the radio station 2GB, for whom he wrote two long-running commercial serials: "First Light Fraser" (400 episodes), and "Digger Hale's Daughters" (208 episodes).
Other radio plays included "Lazy in the Sun" and "Out of This Nettle", and the long-running 1951 A.B.C. serial, "Stranger Come In", which explored the subject of immigration.
In 1945, Afford created an all-time record in Australian theatrical history by having two three-act plays presented professionally by the J. C. Williamson theatre company at the Theatre Royal, Sydney. These two plays were "Lady in Danger" and "Mischief in the Air", and were presented within two months of one another - a significant feat, as prior to the production of "Lady in Danger", Williamson had not presented a locally written play for 20 years.
Afford's play "Lady in Danger" (1942), successfully produced at Sydney's Independent Theatre by Doris Fitton, was then staged by J. C. Williamson Ltd and was staged in the US, adapted to American tastes by Jack Kirkland. The Broadway production received poor reviews and closed after 12 performances. He also wrote "Mischief in the Air" and co-wrote with Ken G. Hall the story for the Columbia Film Corporation's film, "Smithy" (1946), based on the aviator Sir Charles Kingsford Smith.
Afford was president of the Sydney PEN Club in 1950. His play, "Dark Enchantment", toured England's provincial theatres in 1950.
In 1952, Afford signed a contract with the A.B.C. engaging his services as a radio writer for 26 weeks, during which time he was to write five 15-minute installments based on immigration, as a serial on 5 days of the week, twice per day if required.
International recognition.
Afford's radio plays and serials have been re-broadcast in Canada, England, South Africa, New Zealand, Poland, and Egypt.
His radio plays have been produced by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, as well as by BBC London, by Lux Radio Theatre in South Africa, by the National Broadcasting Service in New Zealand, and also in Cairo.
The BBC, for example, bought his serial "Fly By Night" and his radio plays "Labours of Hercules", "Oh, Whistle When You're Happy", "The Four Specialists" and "For Fear of Little Men".
"Lady in Danger" was the second play by an Australian dramatist ever to be performed at a Broadway theatre in front of an American audience.
"Consulting Room" was broadcast in South Africa in 1954, in both English and Afrikaans, by the Lux Radio Theatre. It is a one-actor serious play about the love between the young couple who try to commit suicide. "It Walks By Night" was also broadcast in English and Afrikaans.
In 1937, the Geneva Conference selected "The Four Specialists" for translation into Polish to be broadcast by Polskie Radio.
Critical reception.
The South Australian Tourism Commission said of its presentation during the Adelaide Centenary, 1936: "This play was a great success... completely accurate historically."
The Bulletin called it "Dramatic dynamite."
Sydney Morning Herald labelled it "a significant milestone for Australian drama."
The Sun called it "An outstanding contribution to Australian literature."
Lux Radio Theatre, in South Africa, wrote to Afford in 1954 expressing their pleasure at his play "Consulting Room", and asked him for more of his radio plays.
The "Blackburn" serials found such popularity in Australia that 2UE decided to experiment with the structure of radio serials. They changed the typical structure of half an hour once a week, to 12-minute episodes four nights per week, and found listeners preferred not having to wait a whole week for the next instalment.
Posthumous publications.
In early 1960, Thelma Afford endeavoured to obtain a Commonwealth Literary Fund grant to support posthumous publication of a book of Max Afford’s stage plays. Tom Inglis Moore was in charge of the negotiation of its guarantee. Moore was a member (1945–71) of the advisory board of the Commonwealth Literary Fund. He championed the cause of hundreds of authors and numerous literary journals, and acted as an advocate for left-wing writers in the 1950s. Freddie Howe, head of HarperCollins), proposed the CLF sponsor a collection of three plays and submitted it to Mr. W. R. Cumming, Secretary of the CLF, along with the manuscripts. The amount required for guarantee varies from about £80 to £100 for small works up to £500 or more for very large works, while Thelma thought of a guarantee from £200 to £300. Howe was doubtful about publishing the plays since the amount of publishing and preadvertising costs had been far heavier than his expectation. Moore, however, considered it practical and beneficial as CLF had just approved a new scheme of helping publishers with literary, not commercial, books. Collins should not lose out for the publication.
Thelma then gave a book of Afford’s radio plays to Sam Ure Smith, an Australian arts publisher and promoter, just in case Freddie was disinclined to publish the stage plays. At this stage, Thelma insisted on both volumes (the stage plays and the radio plays produced on the ABC) be published. In May, Howe agreed to go ahead with a book of stage plays providing he can obtain the Commonwealth of Australia's sponsorship. With this promise, Thelma decided to drop the attempt to publish radio plays with Sam Ure Smith.
In June, Collins brought forward this collection of stage plays with two purposes in mind: First, to present a prestige book as a memorial to the late Max Afford, who won outstanding success as both stage and radio dramatist; Second, to make the plays available in published form for the repertory theatres. Howe submitted the proposition to CLF. The proposition is “quite unacceptable”, said Tom Inglis Moore, “Lowe’s guarantee requested of £1114 is far too high and cannot be entertained. The size of the edition is too large at 2,500 and the retail price too high at £35.” He recommended altering the proposition either by omitting "Dark Enchantment" to cut down the volume and the costs and to give a better balance of light and serious plays, or by replacing the collection with a series of single volumes suitable for the repertory societies to perform.
An agreement was finally reached: a volume of only two 3 plays: "Lady in Danger", "Awake My Love" and "Consulting Room" plus an "Introduction from Leslie Rees" and a "Foreword from Sir Richard Boyer". Thelma as the owner of the copyright waived her royalties, which represented a reduction of £437 on the publishing costs; and a less ambitious edition of only 1400.
Works.
Radio Plays.
Many of these were revived or rebroadcast years later, possible with a different title. Dates shown are the earliest found (using Trove) under that name.
Sources.
- “Awake My Love, by Max Afford.” "Drama and the School", Issue 21, 1960.
- Letter to Max Afford from Egyptian State Broadcasting. 19 July 1939. 
- Letter to Max Afford from B.H. Richardson, BBC London. 6. December 1944.
- Letter to Max Afford from S.A. Kaye, Biographical Encyclopedia of the World. 21 October 1946.
- Letter to Max Afford from S.A. Kaye, Biographical Encyclopedia of the World. 8 September 1947.
- Letter to Max Afford from W.C.D. Veale, Town Clerk of Adelaide (1948). 14 October 1948.
- Letter to Max Afford from the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. 26 February 1952.
- Letter to Max Afford from Lulu Lloyd-Jones, J. Walter Thompson Company Ltd. 8 July 1954.
- Letter to Max Afford from Lulu Lloyd-Jones, J. Walter Thompson Company Ltd. 26 July 1954.
- Letter to Max Afford from Roger Pethebridge, J. Walter Thompson Company Ltd. 21 September 1954.
- Letter to the general manager of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, from Max Afford. 4 June 1946.
- Letter to the South African Broadcasting Corporation, from Max Afford. 17 February 1945.
- Condolence correspondence to Thelma Afford from Betty Roland. 4 November 1965.
- Condolence correspondence to Thelma Afford from Tom Inglis Moore. 3 November 1965.
- Condolence correspondence to Thelma Afford from the Australian Broadcasting Company. 16 November 1965.
- Condolence correspondence to Thelma Afford from the International P.E.N. Club. 16 November 1965.
- Condolence correspondence to Thelma Afford from Representative of the British Council in Australia. 4 November 1965.
- Letter between Thelma Afford and Tom Inglis Moor regarding the Commonwealth Literary Fund’s possible Support of a Book of Max Afford’s Stage Plays, 1960.
- Freddie Lowe’s Report to the CLF enclosed in the letter to Thelma Afford from Tom Inglis Moore, 15 June 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18736975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736975" title="Huang Zhipeng">
Huang Zhipeng

Huang Zhipeng (born March 27, 1984 in Jinan, Shandong) is a Chinese sprint canoer. He competed in the late 2000s. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, he finished eighth in the K-2 1000 m event while being eliminated in the heats of the K-2 500 m event.

</doc>
<doc id="18736987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736987" title="Gablefront house">
Gablefront house

A Gablefront house, also known as a Gable Front house or Front Gable house, is a vernacular (or "folk") house type in which the Gable is facing the street or entrance side of the house. They were built in large numbers throughout the United States primarily between the early 19th century and 1920. A Gablefront cottage is a smaller variant, consisting of either a single story or a story-and-a-half. They were typically used as working-class dwellings, most being rather simple in design. However, they may contain some ornamentation such as brackets around the doorways or roof line. Many gablefront houses contain front porches.
History.
The Gablefront house developed after 1825 and coincided with the popularity of the Greek Revival style, which placed emphasis on the gable-end of the house in the form of a pediment; often associated with Greek temples.
The gablefront house allows the narrow part of the house to face the street, usually on a typically rectangular lot. The gablefront house became a uniquely American folk house type. The Gablefront house cropped up in styles ranging from Greek Revival, to Gothic Revival, to Queen Anne, to a simpler vernacular style home. The Gablefront house form remained popular into the early 20th century. 
Variants.
Gabled Ell
One variation of the Gablefront house is the Gabled Ell. The Gabled Ell incorporated a side gable, which was typically added-on to the house. The add-on was usually in order to obtain additional space, light and cross-ventilation.
T-plan
Another variation of this house form is the T-plan house. The T-plan house consists of gable-ends on either side of the front-facing main gable.

</doc>
<doc id="18736988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736988" title="Port captaincies of the Republic of Croatia">
Port captaincies of the Republic of Croatia

The port captaincies () are a civilian administration of the Croatian Ministry of the Sea, Transport and Infrastructure) with authority to control navigation in the internal and territorial waters of the Republic of Croatia, actions of search and rescue on sea, inspection of navigation safety, inspection of the maritime domain, registration and deletion of vessels as well as organizing a register of vessels. Additional tasks include establishing a vessels’ ability to navigate, tonnage measurement of ships, handing out of documents necessary for navigation, establishing the level of proficiency in case of professionals employed in the maritime transport etc.

</doc>
<doc id="18736990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18736990" title="Shen Jie (canoeist)">
Shen Jie (canoeist)

Shen Jie (born 1986-10-27 in Shanghai) is a Chinese sprint canoer who competed in the late 2000s. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Along with Huang Zhipeng, he finished eighth in the K-2 1000 m event while being eliminated in the heats of the K-2 500 m event.

</doc>
<doc id="18737000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737000" title="Yoshisada Sakaguchi">
Yoshisada Sakaguchi


</doc>
<doc id="18737012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737012" title="Li Zhen (canoeist)">
Li Zhen (canoeist)

Li Zhen (born 1985-02-26 in Anhui) is a Chinese sprint canoer who competed in the late 2000s. He finished seventh in the K-4 1000 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18737014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737014" title="Malto people">
Malto people

The Malto or Maler people are a Dravidian-speaking ethnic group. While most Dravidians are found in South India, the Malto mostly live in the northern end of the subcontinent, such as in West Bengal, Bangladesh, Bihar and Jharkhand. They are mostly Animist. Malto name given by Rev. Ernest Drose a missionary. Maltos in three types Souriya pahariya (Malto language), Kumarbag pahariya(Kumarbag slightly different from Malto) and Mal Pahariya (their language is entirely different).
Languages.
Primary language: Santali (78,000 speakers)
Secondary languages: 
Bengali (41,000), 
Hindi (41,000),
Mal Paharia (3,300), 
Kharia (2,100),
Mundari (1,700), 
Assamese (1,500),
Munda (1,200), 
Marathi (1,000),
Sadri (700), 
and Kurux (600).

</doc>
<doc id="18737023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737023" title="2004 Miami Dolphins season">
2004 Miami Dolphins season

The 2004 Miami Dolphins season was the team's 39th as a member of the National Football League. The Dolphins were unable to improve upon their previous season's output of 10–6, instead only going 4–12 after starting the season 0–6. The team was adversely affected by the premature (drug-related) retirement of their star running back, Ricky Williams. With this season record below .500 the team would have their first losing season since 1988.
Their match with the Buffalo Bills in Week 6 is the only time in the NFL since 1968 that the last two winless teams have met each other.

</doc>
<doc id="18737027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737027" title="Lin Miao">
Lin Miao

Lin Miao (born April 9, 1983 in Sichuan) is a Chinese sprint canoer who has competed since the late 2000s. He finished seventh in the K-4 1000 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18737033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737033" title="NDSTokyoTrim">
NDSTokyoTrim

NDSTokyoTrim is a 32-bit Windows application used to trim NDS and GBA roms for the Nintendo DS handheld console.
The software quickly became popular due to its advanced and unique features, speed and 100% reliability and efficiency to properly include the roms' wi-fi blocks.
The interface background can be changed by users with custom pictures.
The software has been downloaded more than 100,000 times since its first release.
Operating system support.
- Version 2.19 has been announced with Unicode support.

</doc>
<doc id="18737038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737038" title="Naya Mandir">
Naya Mandir

Naya Mandir (नया मंदिर literally new temple) is a historic Jain temple in Old Delhi, in the Dharampura locality allocated to the Jain community by Aurangzeb.
Raja Harsukh Rai, imperial treasurer in the late Mughal period, constructed a large and ornate Jain temple in the Dharampura locality of Old Delhi in 1807 during the rule of Mughal Emperor Akbar II with a cost of about 8 Lakh rupees, then an enormous amount. He was able to obtain the royal permission to construct a shikhara for the temple for the first time during the Mughal rule. Thus temple is known as the Naya Mandir (new temple), since an older Jain temple, now known as the Lal Mandir already existed.
When the temple construction was almost finished, Harsukh Rai stopped the construction. When the representatives of the Agrawal Jain community approached him and asked about it, he claimed that he has run out of money and needed donations from the community to finish the construction. After accepting modest donations, Harsukh Rai declared the temple to be panchayati (i.e. belonging to the community, rather than himself) and finished the construction.
During the festivities of temple consecration (Panch-kalyanak Pratishtha), the festive pandal was raided by a local group and the gold and silver objects (chhatra, chamar, utensils) were plundered. Harsukh Rai complained to the Emperor, who ordered that they be returned.
The temple houses an important collection of manuscripts.
The Naya Mandir Maha-purana manuscript.
The Naya Mandir book collection includes a rare illustrated manuscript of Maha-purana of Acharya Jinasena. This manuscript dated to 1420 CE is a rare surviving example of Jain (and Indian) art in early 15th century.
Accounts of Nineteenth century visitors.
After the 1857 Ghadar and during early 20th century, this was the temple referred to as the Jain temple of Delhi by several European visitors.
E. Augusta King in 1884 describes the temple as:
Some visitors describe the shrine as a "large wedding-cake".
James Fergusson, in his famous "History of Indian and Eastern Architecture" (1876) describes the temple as:
Concealed chamber.
At one time many Jain temples contained a concealed chamber (sometimes called bhonyra भोंयरा )to preserve statues during troubled times to hide them. Naya Mandir also has a concealed chamber. A visitor in 1876 described it:
The chamber has now been given the form of a cave, suitable for peaceful meditation by visiting Jain monks.
Nearby Jain temples in the Dharampura/Dariba.
Chetyalayas are generally small private temples.

</doc>
<doc id="18737039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737039" title="Liu Haitao">
Liu Haitao

Liu Haitao (born March 18, 1983 in Sui, Shangqiu, Henan) is a Chinese sprint canoer. He has competed since the mid-2000s. Participating in two Summer Olympics, he earned his best finish of seventh in the K-4 1000 m event at Beijing in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18737042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737042" title="John Allred (musician)">
John Allred (musician)

John Allred (born 1962) is an American jazz trombonist. He is the son of another jazz trombonist, Bill Allred.
Immediately after graduating high school, John Allred moved to southern California and started his professional music career with the Jazz Minors, a six-piece Dixieland group at Disneyland in Anaheim. During this time, he became active in the Los Angeles music scene, and in 1987, accepted an invitation to join Woody Herman and the Young Thundering Herd.
Later, John relocated to Orlando, Florida, playing both jazz and studio gigs. He was then asked to play in the Harry Connick Jr. Big Band, where he toured and performed on numerous recordings and television appearances. In the movie My Girl, he coached actor Dan Aykroyd on how to mimic a tuba player, and recorded the tuba parts for the soundtrack. During this time he also took an active role in his father, Bill Allred's jazz band, played in numerous production shows, and played euphonium with Rich Matteson and Harvey Phillips in the Matteson-Phillips Tubajazz Consort.
In 1999, John Allred moved to New York City and has been performing with notable jazz groups including the Toshiko Akiyoshi Big Band, the Woody Herman Orchestra, and the Carnegie Hall Jazz Band.
Partial discography:
With Wycliffe Gordon

</doc>
<doc id="18737043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737043" title="Nicobarese people">
Nicobarese people

The Nicobarese people are a Mon–Khmer-speaking people of the Nicobar Islands, a chain of 19 islands in the southeastern Bay of Bengal. Only 12 of the 19 islands are inhabited. The largest and main island is Great Nicobar. The term Nicobarese refers to the dominant tribes of the Nicobar Islands. On each island, the people have specific names, but together they are the Nicobarese. They call themselves Holchu, which means "friend".
The Nicobarese are a designated Scheduled Tribe.
History.
The Nicobarese may not have been the first people to live in the islands, they appear to have shared the islands with Shompen who came to the islands earlier. The islands have been under the power of various Asian empires in the 16th century, Great Britain from 1869–1947, and India from 1947. Today they are administered by India as part of the Union Territory of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
Language.
The Nicobarese language is part of the Austroasiatic language family. All of the different islands speak different dialects of the Nicobarese language. The separate islands are categorized into four groups, although most of the people understand the Car Nicobar dialect.
Religion.
Most of the people of the islands are of the Christian religion, which was taught to them by a man named John Richardson who translated the New Testament into Nicobarese. Besides Christianity, other Nicobarese follow the traditional religion of the islands, which is animistic in nature. They believe in spirits, ghosts, and the existence of the soul. A person becomes a ghost after their death when their soul leaves their body and the ghosts of all the Nicobarese are all around the islands. They believe that the spirits are responsible for all of the unfortunate occurrences on the islands, in the event of which shamans are called upon to handle the bad spirits.
Society.
The Nicobarese are headed by a chief called "Rani" or "queen". The first Rani of the Nicobarese was Islon who married Mewalal, "tahsildar" of Nancowry in 1941–42, and became the most influential person in the Nicobar Islands. 
On the Nicobar Islands, men and women have approximate equal status. The women have a lot to do with their own choice of husbands, and after marriage they are free to live with either of the couple's parents. The Nicobarese men value the women economically because they not only take care of household duties, but also tend to the plantations and gardens.
The villages on the islands consist of sporadically placed huts strewn about in designated areas. The huts are normally round with dome-shaped roofs. They are typically raised above the ground and have ladders that the residents pull up after they climb into the huts at night.
Economy.
The Nicobarese have a traditionally horticultural economy, they base their monetary existence on the growing of coconuts, pandanus, areca nut palms, bananas, mangoes, and other fruits. They also hunt, fish, raise pigs, make pottery, and make canoes. Many of the older Nicobarese are illiterate, however today the younger Nicobarese receive free education through the government. As more Nicobarese become educated they receive jobs as teachers and clerks, among other occupations.

</doc>
<doc id="18737051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737051" title="SG Bad Breisig">
SG Bad Breisig

SG Bad Breisig is a German association football club from the municipality of Bad Breisig in the district of Ahrweiler, Rhineland-Palatinate. The club also has departments for athletics, badminton, gymnastics, Jujitsu, and scuba diving.
__TOC__
History.
The club was established in 1988 through the merger of "Sportfreunde Germania Oberbreisig" and "Sportverein Niederbreisig". The combined side advanced to the Verbandsliga Rheinland (V) in 2004. The 2007–08 season was the most successful in the short history of "SG" as they advanced to the semi-final of the Rheinland Pokal (Rhineland Cup) and won promotion to the Oberliga Südwest (V). The club attempted twice to establish itself in the Oberliga but on both occasions was relegated again to the Rheinlandliga.
Since 2004 the position of club chairman has been held by Guido Ernst, a politician and spokesperson for the Christian Democratic Union, the country's largest political party.
Honours.
The club's honours: 
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
Stadium.
The footballers play their home fixtures at the Rheintalstadion Am weißen Kreuz.

</doc>
<doc id="18737055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737055" title="Zhou Peng">
Zhou Peng

Zhou Peng (born September 12, 1983 in Jinzhou, Liaoning) is a Chinese sprint canoer. Competing in the late 2000s, he finished seventh in the K-4 1000 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
He also won the silver medal in the 200m men's single kayak at the 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou.

</doc>
<doc id="18737057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737057" title="Isidore B. Dockweiler">
Isidore B. Dockweiler

Isidore Bernard Dockweiler (December 28, 1867 - February 6, 1947). Prominent California lawyer and politician from a pioneering Los Angeles family.
Biography.
Isidore Bernard Dockweiler was born in Los Angeles, when the small pueblo's population was less than 4,500, to Heinrich Dockweiler (Henry Dockweiler) and Margaretha Sugg. He was affectionately called "Pequeno Ysidro" by Bishop Francisco Mora y Borrell, then the prelate of St. Vibiana's Cathedral in Los Angeles, who personally baptised him. Dockweiler would serve in his youth as Mora's "train bearer". He graduated from St. Vincent College (now Loyola Marymount University) in 1887. Dockweiler was admitted to the practice of law October 14, 1889, practicing for 58 years. He married Gertrude Reeve, and he and his wife had 13 children, 11 of which grew to adulthood. Several became attorneys. John Francis Dockweiler would become a Congressman, and later Los Angeles County District Attorney. George Dockweiler would become a superior court judge.
Dockweiler was the Democratic Party candidate for Lieutenant Governor of California in 1902, along with Franklin K. Lane as Governor of California. Governor-Elect Lane and Lt. Governor-Elect Dockweiler won the electorate's plurality by 25,000 votes, but lost on a minor legal technicality decided by the California Supreme Court - a controversial event. Republican George Cooper Pardee became Governor of California as a result.
Dockweiler helped secure California's vote for Woodrow Wilson, who would become President of the United States. Dockweiler was held in high esteem and confidence by Wilson. Lane served as U.S. Secretary of the Interior. When Lane resigned in 1920, Dockweiler was offered the position. Dockweiler declined due to family responsibilities of 11 children. Instead he was appointed by Wilson to the United States Board of Indian Commissioners (1913–1920).
He had numerous positions throughout his life, both local and national. He served as President of the Los Angeles City Library Commission. He was the Director of the Los Angeles Public Library (1897–1899) and as ex-President of same (1901–1911).
Dockweiler was defeated in the August 31, 1926 Democratic primary for the U.S. Senate nomination for California, losing to John B. Elliott. Elliott was the contestant sponsored by the then former U.S. Treasury Secretary William Gibbs McAdoo.
Dockweiler served thrice as a delegate to the Democratic National Conventions of 1908 (Denver), 1936 (Philadelphia), and 1940 (Chicago). He served as a member of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) (1916–1932). Will Rogers once characterized Dockweiler as "the Democratic Party of California".
Dockweiler was instrumental in having a statue of Fr. Junípero Serra, mission builder of California, placed in Statuary Hall in Washington, D.C. in 1932. He was also instrumental in getting passed a bill in the California Legislature making it a law to fly the California Bear Flag along with the U.S. Flag in or on public buildings. This would eventually be followed by other states.
Dockweiler served on the Board of Directors of Security First National Bank (1922–1947).
Dockweiler, a Catholic, was awarded Pontifical Knighthood by Pope Pius XI in the spring of 1924 as a Knight of St. Gregory (KSG) for meritorious service to the public, humanity, and the Catholic Church. He was a charter member of the Knights of Columbus. One of his sons, Thomas A. J. Dockweiler, would also receive knighthood later as a Knight Commander of Saint Gregory (KCSG).
He was interred in Calvary Cemetery (New Calvary Catholic Cemetery) in East Los Angeles.
Legacy.
Two streets, Dockweiler Street and Dockweiler Place, are named after Isidore in Los Angeles. Isidore became aware of an effort to name a transportation arterial after him. Being humble, he did not like the idea. That street was eventually named Doheny (Edward Laurence Doheny), now part of Beverly Hills, California.
By an act of the U.S. Congress, Dockweiler Station Post Office, is named in his honor in Los Angeles.
On January 26, 1955, the California State Parks Commission upon request of California Governor Goodwin Knight renamed a portion of the then Venice-Hyperion Beach State Park in Playa del Rey to the Isidore B. Dockweiler Beach State Park, commonly known as Dockweiler Beach, to honor him and the contributions to the public by the Dockweiler Family. Dockweiler served as a member of that same commission from his appointment by California Governor Earl Warren on March 22, 1943 until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="18737063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737063" title="Li Qiang (canoeist)">
Li Qiang (canoeist)

Li Qiang (, born January 4, 1989 in Liaoning) is a Chinese sprint canoer who competed in the late 2000s. He won a silver medal in the C-1 500 m event at the 2010 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Poznań.
Li also finished sixth in the C-1 500 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18737064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737064" title="Eask Tower">
Eask Tower

The Eask Tower is a solid stone tower on the top of Carhoo Hill, in County Kerry, Ireland, over-looking Dingle harbour.
Eask Tower was built in 1847 in order to guide the ships and boats into the mouth of the blind harbour. The wooden hand pointing from the Tower, guides the boats to their destination. It is crowned with the 19th century's mariners beacon and a World War II look-out post. This is because the mouth of Dingle Harbour is a "blind" mouth, and this beacon told sailors to let their sails down, enabling them to lose speed and to round the harbour mouth safely.
The Tower is of solid stone. The building of it on Carhoo (Ceathru) hill, 600 feet above sea level, provided work during the Great Famine, at the instigation of Reverend Charles Gayer, Leader of the Protestants, in an attempt to win converts. Twenty-seven feet was its original height, but at the turn of the century, the old hand was removed and an extra thirteen feet of stone was added to its height. A new hand was placed, roughly at the beginning of the extension. 
The panoramic views seen from Carhoo Hill include a large proportion of the Dingle Peninsula and beyond. For example, The Blasket Islands, Slea Head, Ventry, Dingle Harbour, the Iveragh Peninsula, Skellig Rocks, and Irelands two highest mountains - Carrauntoohill and Mount Brandon.

</doc>
<doc id="18737070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737070" title="Chen Zhongyun">
Chen Zhongyun

Chen Zhongyun (born 1973-01-27 in Guizhou) is a Chinese sprint canoer who competed in the late 2000s. He finished fifth in the C-2 1000 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18737084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737084" title="Heroic Duo">
Heroic Duo

Heroic Duo () is a 2003 Hong Kong action film produced and directed by Benny Chan and starring Leon Lai, Ekin Cheng and Francis Ng.
Plot.
Ken Li Wen-Kin is a senior member of the Hong Kong Police Force. He has an egocentric and overpowering personality. He is intolerant of mistakes, his underlings and girlfriend, Brenda suffering due to his macho personality. The main action begins when Inspector Li is brought in to investigate a cop who has committed a crime. On interrogation the cop reveals that he remembers nothing since he met a man the night before. The strange circumstances lead Li to Jack Lai who is a master hypnotist and also in jail for manslaughter after taking the rap for a murder his wife committed under duress. Jack clearly knows who is responsible but is also clear that only he can identify the culprit. Li therefore springs Jack from jail and takes him along. Although they fail to catch the criminal, it is clear from the evidence in the apartment that there is a plot to steal two Egyptian diamonds worth millions.
Inadvertently hypnotized by Jack, Inspector Li retrieves the diamonds from the safe. Jack takes them and heads off to give them to Ocean, who is holding his wife hostage. Inspector Li is arrested for stealing the diamonds. His colleagues use the situation to settle some old scores. En route to jail, Inspector Li escapes by jumping from the Qing Ma Bridge. His girlfriend, Brenda, still hopelessly in love with him, helps him to evade recapture to pursue Jack and the criminal mastermind Ocean in order to recover the diamonds.
Unpredictable and easily upset Ocean finds that Jack has double crossed him, in order to ensure compliance he places Jack's wife and his partner's children inside a vacuum chamber to slowly run out of air. Jack returns to the scene to retrieve the diamonds and runs into Inspector Li. Together with Brenda they go after Ocean. On arrival they split up to search the complex.
Jack searches desperately for his wife, finally finding her inside the locked vacuum chamber. Brenda is taken by one of Ocean's men and although Li has Ocean cornered the situation becomes desperate, as he is forced to choose between his girlfriend and taking out Ocean. Finally, Li helps Jack to cause an explosion to wipe out Ocean. They hide in the second vacuum chamber as the oxygen cylinders detonate. Able now to reach his wife, Ching desperately tries to wake her to no avail. Mortally wounded, he lays his head on her lap as he dies. His wife comes to slowly and sees her husband, but is too late.
Li finally realizes that there is more to life than work and begins to treat his girlfriend better.

</doc>
<doc id="18737095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737095" title="Zhang Zhiwu">
Zhang Zhiwu

Zhang Zhiwu (born November 25, 1989 in Fuzhou, Jiangxi) is a Chinese sprint canoer who competed in the late 2000s. He finished fifth in the C-2 1000 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18737096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737096" title="Croatian Coast Guard">
Croatian Coast Guard

Croatian Coast Guard () is a division of the Croatian Navy responsible for protecting interests of the Republic of Croatia at sea. The Croatian Navy is composed of classical naval forces structured into a fleet and the second part is the Coast Guard that is solely consist of ships with peacetime duties, e.g. protection of ecology, fishing, control of tankers, ballast waters, combat against terrorism, trafficking of people, narcotics and similar.
History & Mission.
On September 13, 2007, the Croatian Parliament passed a bill establishing the Croatian Coast Guard. The Coast Guard's mission is protect sovereign rights and carry out Croatia's jurisdiction in the Ecological and Fisheries Protection Zone, the continental shelf and the high seas. The Coast Guard will also monitor vessels sailing in the Croatian territorial waters. If vessels are caught violating Croatian or international regulations and disregard warnings by the Coast Guard, Coast Guard ships and airplanes are authorized to pursue them and if necessary open fire, while taking care not to jeopardize the lives of the vessel's crew.
Under the law, the commander of the Coast Guard is a Navy officer who is appointed and relieved of duty by the President of the Republic at the government's proposal.
Organizational structure and equipment.
Organizational structure of Croatian Coast Guard:
Ships of Croatian Navy under the Command of Coast Guard:
Croatian part of Adriatic Sea is also controlled by Croatian Police - Maritime department and Harbormasters’ offices ("Lučka kapetanija") whose ships are marked similar to Navy ships.
Besides the warships, the Coast Guard has at its disposal several Pilatus PC-9 aircraft and Mil Mi-8 helicopters of the Croatian Air Force and Defense.
Future developments.
The construction of the first out of projected 10 vessels is scheduled to start in 2010 and the final vessel is to be constructed by the end of 2013.
These patrol boats will be built in Croatian shipyards and should be around 40 meters long, incorporating the latest stealth technology.
Similar but slightly smaller vessels have recently been built for Libya. Follow-up orders have been made and 26 ships are now entering Libyan service. A second country is also rumoured to have ordered the vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="18737099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737099" title="Ehsaan">
Ehsaan

"Ehsaan", a Pakistani Urdu black & white film, was another melodious presentation by Waheed & Malik combination. The film is a melodious love story, starring Waheed Murad, Zeba, Nirala, Rozina, Azad and Ibrahim Nafees. The film was produced by Waheed Murad and directed by Pervaiz Malik.
Release.
"Ehsaan" was released on 3 June 1967 by Film Arts in cinemas of Karachi and Lahore and proved to be one the blockbuster films of 1967. The film completed 12 weeks on main cinemas and 40 weeks in other cinemas of Karachi and became a 'Silver Jubilee film'. The film had completed 50 weeks and became a 'Golden Jubilee film' in Lahore.
Plot.
The story was written by Waheed Murad. It boasts a sensitive script as psychiatrist Waheed falls in love with and woos young widow (and mother of a young daughter to boot) Zeba, a romance that was decidedly different for its time. Complications obviously arise but the movie remains surprisingly mature and for the most part doesn’t turn into a typical Lollywood melodrama.
Filming.
During the shootings of "Ehsaan", Zeba got married with Mohammad Ali, an arch rival of Waheed Murad. Zeba, instead of reaching Karachi for completing her shootings and honoring her commitment, probably went on a honeymoon. That meant dismantling of the film's set and a big financial loss to Film Arts. Waheed on being told of Zeba’s marriage blurted out, "not again!... She is turning into an Elizabeth Taylor," he said, after a pause. The film was shot in Eastern Film Studio of Karachi.
Music.
The music and the songs are not uniformly brilliant as like in "Heera aur pathar", "Armaan" and "Doraha", but there are a couple of absolutely lovely numbers such as "Eik naye more par..." and "Do akhian...". The music is composed by Sohail Rana and the songs are written by Masroor Anwar.

</doc>
<doc id="18737103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737103" title="On War (film)">
On War (film)

On War () is a 2008 film directed by Bertrand Bonello and starring Mathieu Amalric. The cast also includes Laurent Lucas, Guillaume Depardieu, Asia Argento and Michel Piccoli. The title loosely refers to the treatise "On War", by Carl von Clausewitz.
Synopsis.
Bertrand (Mathieu Amalric), a film director, is conducting research for his latest film, and asks a funeral director if he can stay back at his funeral parlour after the close of business. Bertrand cannot resist getting into a coffin, and accidentally knocks the lid down, locking himself in the coffin.
When Bertrand is released from the coffin in the morning, it is clear he has been profoundly affected by the experience. He considers hiring a prostitute, but cancels after watching a scene from David Cronenberg's film, "eXistenZ". He returns to the funeral parlour in the evening, where a strange man breaks into the funeral parlour with him. After asking Bertrand to describe his experience the previous night, the man eventually takes Bertrand to a mansion, headquarters to what appears to be a cult. Although the cult has militaristic aspects, it also seems to be devoted to pleasure.
Bertrand is gradually drawn deeper and deeper into the cult.

</doc>
<doc id="18737104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737104" title="2008–09 Grimsby Town F.C. season">
2008–09 Grimsby Town F.C. season

Grimsby Town Football Club entered the 2008-2009 as a member of the Coca Cola League Two for the 5th season on the trot. The club were still managed by Alan Buckley until September, when he was dismissed after poor pre-season and poor start to the clubs League campaign. Mike Newell was given the job on a permanent basis after Assistant Manager Stuart Watkiss briefly took control of first team affairs. The club are still aiming to leave Blundell Park within the next few seasons.
Fixtures and results.
Pre season matches.
Friendlies.
The Mariners struggled to gel in pre-season, and it became clear the club would struggle in the league. Manager Alan Buckley included utilised his first team squad in the games against Corby, Oldham and Gainsborough, while a weakened side took a 5-1 drubbing by Eastwood Town.
Lincolnshire Cup.
A late strike from Peter Bore gave a youth dominated Grimsby side the win against Lincoln City in the semi finals, only to see another youthful side get be well beaten, in the next round by Scunthorpe United.
League table.
Football League Two.
Brentford made a return to League One as champions, the second club to win the fourth tier three times since Doncaster Rovers. Exeter won their second successive promotion, and on the final day of the season managed to pip Wycombe Wanderers for the runners-up spot. Wycombe themselves managed the final automatic promotion spot by virtue of a single goal over Bury. The play-offs were won by Gillingham, who made an immediate return to League One after the previous season's relegation.
Several teams suffered heavy points deductions during the season. Rotherham were deducted 17 points at the start of the season and Darlington 10 points later on. Without these penalties they would have both qualified for the play-offs, but instead managed only mid table. Bournemouth also suffered a 17 point deduction pre-season, and halfway through it looked to be enough to cost them their League status; however, a fightback under new manager Eddie Howe saw them climb to safety and secure survival with a game to spare.
Luton suffered the heaviest deduction however, and the loss of 30 points proved too much for them to survive. They suffered their third successive relegation and dropped out of the league, making them only the third English team to suffer three successive relegations, and the first to drop from the second tier to the Conference in successive years. The other relegated team was Chester City, who were statistically the worst team in the division and returned to the Conference after only five years. Grimsby would also have suffered relegation, if not for Luton's points deduction.
Squad overview.
Most frequent starting line-up.
Most frequent starting line-up uses the team's most used formation: 4-4-2. The players used are those who have played the most games in each respective position, not necessarily who have played most games out of all the players.

</doc>
<doc id="18737107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737107" title="Shumen dialect">
Shumen dialect

The Shumen dialect is a Bulgarian dialect, member of the Moesian dialects. It is one of the best preserved Moesian dialects and is spoken in the regions of Shumen and Kaspichan.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
For other phonological and morphological characteristics that are typical for all Moesian dialects, cf. article.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006, с. 105-106[http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_izt_1.htm#shumenski]

</doc>
<doc id="18737114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737114" title="Zhong Hongyan">
Zhong Hongyan

Zhong Hongyan (born November 29, 1978 in Tongxiang, Jiaxing, Zhejiang) is a Chinese sprint canoer who has competed since 1997. She won two medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver (K-4 1000 m: 2002) and a bronze (K-1 500 m: 2006).
Zhong also competed in two Summer Olympics, earning her best finish of fourth in the K-2 500 m event at Athens in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18737118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737118" title="David Nevins, Sr.">
David Nevins, Sr.

David C. Nevins, Sr. (December 12, 1809 – March 19, 1881) was a wealthy New England industrialist. Born in Salem, New Hampshire, he owned the Pemberton Mill in nearby Lawrence, Massachusetts. Nevins is the namesake of the Nevins Memorial Library, and fathered the Methuen family of whom an author wrote, "The public spirit and generosity of the Nevins family seems to have no bounds in the town in which they made their home". 

</doc>
<doc id="18737125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737125" title="Wang Feng (canoeist)">
Wang Feng (canoeist)

Wang Feng 王凤(born November 14, 1985 in Ya'an, Sichuan) is a Chinese sprint canoer who has competed since the mid-2000s. She won two medals in the K-4 1000 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver in 2007 and a bronze in 2006.
Wang also competed in the K-2 500 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, but was eliminated in the heats.

</doc>
<doc id="18737140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737140" title="Xu Linbei">
Xu Linbei

Xu Linbei (born November 19, 1983 in Wafangdian, Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese sprint canoer who has competed since the early 2000s. She won a silver medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 2002 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Seville, Spain.
Xu also competed in two Summer Olympics, earning her best finish of fourth in the K-2 500 m event at Athens in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18737147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737147" title="Vicente Luis Mora">
Vicente Luis Mora

Vicente Luis Mora (Córdoba, 1970) is a Spanish writer, poet, essayist and literary critic.
He received several prizes for his literary works. Collaborates in magazines such as "Animal sospechoso", "Archipielago", "Clarin", "El invisible anillo", "Mercurio" or "Quimera", as well as in the "Cuadernos del Sur" supplement of Diario Córdoba. Co-directs the essay collection of Berenice Editorial and organizes the Poetic Map that is celebrated annually in Córdoba. He is included in many poetry and narrative anthologies.
In 2007 he was appointed director of the Instituto Cervantes in Albuquerque (New Mexico, USA).
Works.
Poetry
Stories
Essays

</doc>
<doc id="18737154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737154" title="Liang Peixing">
Liang Peixing

Liang Peixing (born December 8, 1991 in Guangdong) is a Chinese sprint canoer who competed in the late 2000s. She finished ninth in the K-4 500 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18737183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737183" title="Trumbo">
Trumbo

Notable people named Trumbo include:

</doc>
<doc id="18737189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737189" title="The Penelopes">
The Penelopes

The Penelopes (or ) are an indie pop/electronic band from Paris, consists of Axel Basquiat and Vincent T. They have recently relocated to London. Though the band is a duo (Axel being the composer, singer and bass player while Vincent on production, engineering and keyboards), they have additional musicians on bass and drums for live performances. The Penelopes are also remixers, producers, and DJ.
History.
Early years.
The Penelopes’ danceable indie-pop style developed from a rare creative partnership and longstanding friendship. The duo had known each other since they were children in Northern Paris, discovering music throughout teenage years, listening to bands like Cocteau Twins, New Order and The Cure. In an interview with the Daily Star the band said, "we grew up in a very cosmopolitan but poor suburb. The area was like Manchester. It was rainy and industrial, which might explains why we love dark British music so much". In juxtaposition to this, they told Wonderland Magazine, "the funk, disco, and rap music we heard growing up outside our windows was what influenced our dance approach." This explains why the band often thanks the French Hip Hop band such as their neighbours, Suprême NTM in their albums.
Axel said to Artrocker, "we want to beautify our life. We are searching for a light. We’re not like those spoiled kids who pretend to be dirty to be cool. Our songs are about simple pleasures, about taking a trip, about the great escapes, about all kind of fantasies, about friendship and poverty, about searching for the light."
Vincent went on to study law and Axel studied medicine, one of the reasons being they could stay as students for a longer while to avoid working in offices or factories. The two eventually followed their passion and pursue careers in music. Axel and Vincent formed The Penelopes and started making music in the rock and electro scenes around Paris. The first deal was on DJ Hell's International DeeJay Gigolo Records.
Style and influence.
The Penelopes’ style is a mix of indie and dream pop, combined with disco and electro tight groove, layered with lush and melodies. Their major influences are Cocteau Twins, The Cure, New Order, The Smiths, David Bowie, Joy Division, Devo, and Happy Mondays. The band often mentioned Ride, Slowdive or Prefab Sprout, which Axel considered it as "guilty pleasure". The press often references The Penelopes to Pixies, Daft Punk, M83, and Air.
Axel told Digital Spy about their sound, "It’s a really difficult question – the background of The Penelopes are very rock and very new wave – then we tried to incorporate disco and electronics. It’s disco rock music." And on lyrics, Axel explained, "we like to have twisted lyrics – the lyrics are ore twisted than people think. They are more bizarre and we want people to dance to them".
1883 Magazine said about The Penelopes’ music, "with swirling layers of lush keyboard, punchy guitars and catchy hooks, their upbeat sound is just how you want to start and end your day". "Spacey and energetic, airy and atmospheric" was the review from This Is Fake DIY.
First album: "The Arrogance of Simplicity".
In 2007 the first album "The Arrogance of Simplicity" was released under Vitalic's label, Citizen Records. Rock Mag describes it as “a night club with feelings inside”. Les Inrockuptibles said “the duo gave their best in the delicate exercise of writing pop songs, with many influences (The Cure for bass lines, Cocteau Twins on “Demian”, New Order on “Paddy Will Have His Revenge”, even Techno on “Teenage Dust”)”.
The band explained in Wonderland Magazine, “we love post-punk music in general but we didn’t want to copy our idols. So we started to explore electronic music alongside rap and other contemporary club music. We made our first album in our bedroom. We were naive and we wanted to experiment with sounds”.
The single “Demian” was performed by the former singer of Ekova - Dierdre Dubois. The song refers to the Hermann Hesse’s book and was chosen for Perrier commercial.
A year later the album was re-released as a limited edition in Japan, under the title "Choose: Arrogance, Simplicity or Both". It included a remixed version of "Demian" by Black Strobe and a cover of the Elli et Jacno track "Je t'aime tant", sung as a duet with the world renowned French writer Chloé Delaume. The song was commissioned by French fashion designer agnès b. and formed a part of the ""Les Jeunes Gens Modernes"" exhibition. Agnes has become a long-term supporter of the band and they have gone on to perform at many fashion events and appear in a number of fashion shoots.
Though The Penelopes won the Best Discovery 2007 Qwartz Electronic Music Award, they felt more like a rock band using electronic tools.
Side project with DJ Morpheus: "Priceless Concrete Echoes".
The side project "Priceless Concrete Echoes" was released in 2009, with major contributions from DJ Morpheus and produced by Black Strobe, again on Citizen Records. A US version was also released (their debut US release), featuring an alternative track listing. The album was also licensed by Sony BMG in Hong Kong.
The video of single "Stuck in Lalaland" was featured on Pitchfork, and the same song was remixed by Nouvelle Vague, in which Axel sang in duo with Elli Medeiros. The second single "Licked by Love" was remixed by I Monster. The cover Beastie Boys’s "Sabotage" was licensed by Ministry of Sound.
Second album: "Never Live Another Yesterday".
The Penelopes relocated from Paris to London in 2012 and formed Pour Le Monde Records. They felt the music scene in UK was more open for their brand of electro-pop music. They explained to Wonderland Magazine, "In UK, we feel we are different from the other British bands, which is good. We have the same influences and approaches as others but we bring also a disco edge and a very continental electronic approach in our sound".
The album "Never Live Another Yesterday" has an electro, indie-pop infused sound. The first single was “Now Now Now”, followed by “Sally in the Galaxy”, and “Summer Life”. The album “Never Live Another Yesterday” was produced by Dan Grech-Marguerat, who also produced for acts such as Scissor Sisters, The Vaccines, Lana Del Rey, and Keane. Ollie Evans from Partizan (Tom Vek, Gossip, Foals, Klaxons) directed the first video “Now Now Now”. The video “Sally in the Galaxy” was directed by Saman Keshavarz, who also directed for !!!, Russ Chimes, and Placebo. The singles were remixed by Gigamesh, Viceroy, Miguel Campbell, and The C90s and "Summer Life" Gigamesh remix got on #2 on Hype Machine.
The album received great reviews from magazines and blogs such as Artrocker, The Guardian, Clash, Les Inrockuptibles, Harder Blogger Faster, and TopMan Generation. The songs were played across national and regional radio stations in UK, including supports from Chris Hawkins (BBC Radio 6 Music), John Kennedy (XFM), Huw Stephens (BBC Radio 1), and Dermot O’Leary (BBC Radio 2). They also appeared on Channel 4 (Sunday Brunch).
The Penelopes toured with The Human League on their 'XXXV Tour' in Belgium and UK at the end of 2012 (17 shows including the Royal Albert Hall). Digital Spy reviewed, “core pair Axel Basquiat and Vincent T have come to London and are chucking us their latest single “Now Now Now”. With just that right mixture of eager-to-please grooves and rock star diffidence, The Penelopes feel just one big chorus away from a serious breakthrough. They even managed to make us forget, briefly, that we’re about to see electropop godfathers (and mothers) The Human League”.
The band had also played at The Liverpool Sound City, The Great Escape, and NXNE in 2013.
Present.
The Penelopes are currently in the studio working on new music and remixing for other artists. The most recent remix is Pet Shop Boys’ latest single “Love Is a Bourgeois Construct”, which was produced by Stuart Price.
The band can often be heard DJing around UK in places such as 1234 Shoreditch Festival, Proud Camden, Queen of Hoxton, and Dalston Superstore.
They are also working on music for a movie directed by Asia Argento in which the band will also feature
Live performances.
Even in their early years, The Penelopes had already played in many major festivals such as Dour Festival, Sónar, Razzmatazz, Monegros, Santander, Garorock, Radio France Festival, MoMA PS1, and Transmusicales de Rennes. They had also supported Ladytron, Vitalic, and The Human League among others.
Other than France and UK, they have also played live across the world including Spain, Belgium, Sweden, Germany, Russia, USA, South America, Japan, Hong Kong, Thailand, and Taiwan.
The Penelopes have a strong link with fashion and had performed in fashion shows for such as agnès b., and Jean-Charles de Castelbajac.
Sync and remixes.
The Penelopes’ music is widely used in brands and commercials such as Perrier, Eastpak, Grey Goose, and BPI Bank. "Now Now Now" was featured in Electronic Arts The Sims 3 and sung in Simlish. The song "Licked by Love" was used for trailer for movie "Motorway".
The band is also loved by the fashion world and had supported from brands such as agnès b., Ben Sherman, Cheap Monday, G-Star, and Jean-Charles de Castelbajac.
They have also produced a wide range of remixes for the likes of David Carretta, Zoot Woman, Puppetmastaz, The Chevin, Back Back Forward Punch, Tom Tom Club and most recently Pet Shop Boys. Their approach is often "mixing pop songs with a contemporary and edgy production".

</doc>
<doc id="18737220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737220" title="Xu Yaping">
Xu Yaping

Xu Yaping (born 1982-01-20 in Anji, Zhejiang) is a Chinese sprint canoer who competed in the late 2000s. She finished ninth in the K-4 500 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18737222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737222" title="Jeremy Allerton">
Jeremy Allerton

Jeremy William Orde Allerton (born 2 February 1944) is an English first-class cricketer who played for Oxford University Cricket Club. All of his First class games were for Oxford University. One of these was a Varsity match when Oxford played against Cambridge University Cricket Club.
He is also a squash Blue and former captain of Oxford University Squash Racquets Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18737231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737231" title="Yu Lamei">
Yu Lamei

Yu Lamei (born January 15, 1983 in Wafangdian, Liaoning) is a Chinese sprint canoer who has competed since the late 2000s. She won two medals in the K-4 1000 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver in 2007 and a bronze in 2006.
Yu also finished ninth in the K-4 500 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18737232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737232" title="Bölükbaşı">
Bölükbaşı

Bölükbaşı is a Turkish given name for males and a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18737246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737246" title="Kim Min-Jae (baseball)">
Kim Min-Jae (baseball)

Kim Min-Jae (Hangul: 김민재, Hanja: 金敏宰) (born January 3, 1973 in Busan) is a third base coach for the KT Wiz in the Korea Baseball Organization. Previously, Kim was a shortstop for the Lotte Giants, SK Wyverns and Hanwha Eagles. He batted and threw right-handed.
Professional career.
Kim graduated from Busan Technical High School in 1991. He was then signed by the Lotte Giants, and played for the Giants for eleven seasons. In 2002, Kim moved to the SK Wyverns. After the 2005 season his contract with the Wyverns ran out and he became a free agent. Before the 2006 season Kim signed with the Hanwha Eagles for four-year.
Since Kim was considered one of the best defensive infielders in the KBO league, he had been regularly picked for the South Korea national baseball team as a utility infielder.
In October 2002, Kim got first called up to the national squad, and competed in the Asian Games. He helped his team defend the gold medal, going 4-for-8 with 3 RBIs. A month later, Kim was joined in the South Korea national team again for the 2002 Intercontinental Cup held in Havana, Cuba.
In 2006, he was selected for the South Korea national baseball team, and participated in the 2006 World Baseball Classic. Kim went 3-for-5 with an RBI over Team USA in Round 2. He hit a one-bounce ground rule double over the left field off setup man Dan Wheeler with two outs in the fourth inning, and smacked an RBI single off Mike Timlin in the sixth. At the last match of Round 2 against Team Japan, Kim drew a one-out walk in the eighth off Toshiya Sugiuchi and scored the tiebreaking run when Lee Jong-Beom hit a two-RBI double.
In December 2007, Kim played for South Korea again at the Asian Baseball Championship held in Taichung, Taiwan. He went 3-for-3 with 3 RBIs, playing shortstop and second base during the competition.
On July 16, 2008, Kim was named to the South Korea national baseball team for the 2008 Summer Olympics. Due to right ankle injury, he was mainly used as a substitute infielder or first base coach during the Olympics. But in the team's seventh game in the round-robin, against the Netherlands, Kim drew a two-out walk in the fifth off Alexander Smit and scored a run when Kim Hyun-Soo hit a two-RBI single.
Kim retired for good as a player after the 2009 season but retained his assistant coaching position in the Eagles.

</doc>
<doc id="18737251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737251" title="HLA-B77">
HLA-B77

HLA-B77 (B77) is an HLA-B serotype. The serotype identifies certain B*15 gene-allele protein products of HLA-B. 
B77 is a split antigen of the broad antigen B15.

</doc>
<doc id="18737252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737252" title="V1401 Aquilae">
V1401 Aquilae

V1401 Aquilae is semi-regular pulsating star.
V1401 Aquilae was a latter designation of 64 Sagitarii.

</doc>
<doc id="18737268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737268" title="SolarCity">
SolarCity

SolarCity is an American provider of energy services to homeowners, businesses, and government/non-profit organizations. Among its primary services, the company designs, finances and installs solar energy systems, performs energy efficiency audits and retrofits and builds charging stations for electric vehicles. The company had more than 2,500 employees .
SolarCity has grown in recent years to meet the rapidly growing installation of solar photovoltaic systems in the United States. The overall US market has grown from 440 MW of "solar panels installed in 2009 to 3,300 megawatts in 2012, and it is expected to grow to 4,300 megawatts" in 2013.
History.
SolarCity was founded in July 2006 by brothers Peter and Lyndon Rive, based on a suggestion for a solar company concept from their cousin, Elon Musk who is the Chairman and helped start the company. SolarCity has been the leading provider of residential solar power in California since 2007, its first full year of operation, according to the database kept by the California Solar Initiative and was the number one residential solar installer in the U.S. in 2011, according to Greentech Media Research. In 2013, Solar Power World magazine listed SolarCity as the No. 2 overall solar installation company in the U.S.
Locations.
SolarCity is headquartered in San Mateo, California, but the company uses a distributed service model in which it provides installation from local operations centers. SolarCity has additional locations in:
Business offerings.
Solar leasing.
In 2008, SolarCity introduced a new solar lease option for homeowners that significantly reduces or eliminates the upfront cost of installing solar power. SolarCity's solar lease can allow some homeowners to pay less each month by adopting solar power than they previously paid for electricity from the utility company.
Commercial solar.
SolarCity began more actively providing solar services to business, government, and non-profit customers in 2008. In May 2008, the company completed what was, at the time, the largest commercial solar installation in San Jose on the North Campus of eBay. That July, SolarCity completed what was then the largest commercial solar installation in San Francisco, for British Motors, consisting of 1,606 solar photovoltaic panels. SolarCity introduced new financing options for businesses in 2009 and has built multiple solar projects for other large organizations including Walmart, Intel, and the U.S. military. On March 21, 2013 SolarCity announced that it would open a new location in Nevada in cooperation with state government.
Energy efficiency evaluations and retrofits.
In 2010, SolarCity acquired Building Solutions, a software-enabled home energy audit firm, and began to offer energy efficiency evaluations and upgrades such as air and duct sealing, efficient heating/cooling and lighting to its list of services. SolarCity worked with Admiral's Bank of Boston in March 2012 to make a new loan available to finance energy efficiency improvements and expanded its energy efficiency services to the east coast.
SolarStrong project.
SolarStrong is SolarCity's five-year plan to build more than $1 billion in solar photovoltaic projects for privatized military housing communities across the United States, announced in late 2011. SolarCity plans to work with the country's leading privatized military housing developers to install, own and operate rooftop solar installations and provide solar electricity at a lower cost than utility power. SolarStrong is ultimately expected to create up to 300 megawatts of solar generation capacity that could provide power to as many as 120,000 military housing units, which would make it the largest residential photovoltaic project in American history if completed. In November 2011, SolarCity and Bank of America Merrill Lynch announced that they have agreed to terms on initial debt financing for SolarStrong.
Project finance and the Google Fund.
SolarCity partners with banks, large corporations and the asset-backed market to create project finance funds to finance its lease and PPA (Power Purchase Agreement) options. SolarCity's financing partners have included Bank of America, Merrill Lynch, Citi, Morgan Stanley, National Bank of Arizona and U.S. Bancorp, among others. Among SolarCity's more well-known financing partnerships was a $280 million fund created with Google to finance residential solar installations in June 2011. The Google 
Fund was the largest fund of its kind in the U.S., and Google's largest investment in clean energy.

</doc>
<doc id="18737284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737284" title="Thomas Truax">
Thomas Truax

Thomas Truax (pronounced troo-aks) is an American songwriter, performer, and inventor of experimental musical instruments.
Biography.
He first came to prominence as a solo performer in the 1990s in New York as one of a group of musicians and songwriters (including Lach, Jeffrey Lewis, Curtis Eller, The Burning Hell, Dibs, Boo Hoo and Beck) who made up the antifolk movement based around the Sidewalk Cafe on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. Truax's emergence as a solo act came after years of fronting bands (most notably Like Wow). The move was in part to remove the need to rely on other people to perform and to embark in a new direction that would distinguish his act from the hundreds of bands and singer-songwriters active in New York. This new direction involved the construction and playing of unique instruments, as well as more traditional singer-songwriter style songs. The 'inventor' side of his musical act drew on his work as an animator on MTV's Celebrity Death Match and a fascination since early childhood with building objects out of whatever materials he had available. Thomas's use of 'primitive' technology, the often fantastical elements of his songs and gothic overtones (his website talks of his instruments 'as though plucked straight from the mind of Tim Burton') have led to him being linked to the subgenre of steampunk.
Truax's first two instruments were the Cadillac Beatspinner Wheel and the Hornicator, the former being a system of spinning wheels, metal spokes and small cymbals, which, through the use of various contact mics, 'beats out' through the PA a primitive drum beat that forms the backing to songs that Thomas then plays on guitar. Its large size made the Beatspinner Wheel unsuitable for touring, so Truax created a smaller version, entitled 'Sister Spinster' that he uses to this day. The Hornicator started life as an old gramophone record horn, before Truax added a set of strings, a kazoo and a microphone. Here Thomas beats out the rhythm on the horn's metal casing (using a ringed finger to create a 'click' and other fingers to create a contrastive 'thud') which is then repeated through the use of a looper pedal that records the beat and loops it over the PA, allowing Thomas to add more layers of other instrumentation (through the strings and other implements attached to the Hornicator). Finally Thomas sings a vocal through a microphone attached to the instrument.
Other instruments work as variations on automatic rhythms and looped beats: the Stringaling features a vaguely bongo-like drum at the top of a length of clothes' drier tubing to which is attached a variety of musical devices with pull-strings; Mary Poppins features a metal column attached to which are two arms that fly out to the side and spin, creating a train-like rhythm; the Backbeater, made up of several rotating spokes, straps on to Thomas' back and spins to create a low rhythm. Some songs do not feature any of his inventions, most notably 'Inside the Internet' which is played solely on guitar, and 'The Butterfly & The Entomologist', which is again played on a guitar, albeit with the use of a pocket fan that Thomas uses to hit the strings to produce an eerie effect. Common themes in Thomas's songs include love, loneliness, travel, the animal kingdom, nature and technology.
Truax was once challenged to show how he makes an instrument. Given many items retrieved from a recycle bin, within 15 minutes he created a rhythmic invention which he looped through effects with water and rubber bands.
Though Truax usually only performs solo, his records contain songs with full band arrangements, along with his invented instruments. He has been featured in several music documentaries including Adam Clitheroe's 'One Man In The Band' (2008) and Gabriel Shalom's 'Instrumental'(2005).
In 2013 Truax composed a new original score for Henrik Ibsen's play Peer Gynt, which was staged at the Theater Dortmund, Germany during its 2013/14 season, with music performed live by Thomas in an open metal container suspended above a stage of water. 
Singles.
Compilation Tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="18737293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737293" title="Sword-tail cricket">
Sword-tail cricket

The sword-tail crickets are insects of the order Orthoptera, in which they belong to the suborder Ensifera like all true crickets (Gryllidae). They make up the subfamily Trigonidiinae.
Genera.
Some prehistoric genera only known from fossils have also been described:

</doc>
<doc id="18737296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737296" title="Yin Lianchi">
Yin Lianchi

Yin Lianchi (born January 12, 1984) in Guangzhou, Guangdong) is a Chinese épée fencer, who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and performed his personal best with the 4th épée team.

</doc>
<doc id="18737307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737307" title="In the Flesh (1998 film)">
In the Flesh (1998 film)

In the Flesh is a 1998 independent gay-themed murder mystery film, produced, written, and directed by Ben Taylor. It is set in Atlanta, Georgia where it was filmed on a very low budget, according to the writer-director. It tells how two gay men on both sides of the law are brought together as intimate friends amid the dark events and circumstances that surround them.
Plot.
When police detective Philip Kirsch (Ed Corbin) and college business student Oliver Beck (Dane Ritter), closeted gay men, are brought together, they end up outed at the same time. Detective Kirsch is working undercover to bust a drug ring that operates out of "The Blue Boy," a back street, gay bar and brothel, at which Oliver works as the head hustler—his calling card being his wearing red trousers.
Oliver succeeds in hustling Philip, who subsequently falls in love with him. Philip uses his resources as a policeman to find out more about Oliver and his past, which he discovers to be dark and tragic. Philip runs into Oliver at his day job in a music store, and Oliver is grateful to him for his discretion in not letting on that he knows him. This friendliness quickly disappears when Oliver catches Philip following him. When he finds out that Philip is a police detective, that makes him even more undesirable to him. All this drastically changes when Oliver needs help later on.
Although Oliver has the redeeming quality of caring for dependent people like his sister Lisa (Adele Phares), who is suffering from drug addiction, and befriending a mentally challenged adolescent, Mickey (Michael A. Newcomer), he cannot get over the guilt and self-loathing brought on by his causing the death of his close boyhood friend, Christopher Wingate (Erik Wingate), in a car crash brought on by his own drunken driving. He especially hates himself for avoiding drunk driving charges by moving his friend's dead body into the driver's seat of the wrecked car. He expresses his sorrow each night he begins work at The Blue Boy by going to the jukebox, selecting the song "Breathe" (written by Wes Yoakam and performed by him and his band PopCycle, also known as Catfish Jenkins), and dancing to it with tears in his eyes. It is when he is doing this that Philip Kirsch sees him the first night of his stakeout.
It is Oliver's self-hatred and his fear of trusting anyone with his secrets that move him to control his sexual and emotional life by hustling. He is as successful at it as Philip is successful at being a police detective. Unfortunately, this causes them both to be surrounded by jealous rivals. Philip's associate detectives Grupe and Meyer are such rivals. Meyer is secretly involved in "The Blue Boy" drug ring from which Oliver gets heroin for his sister, and Oliver's knowledge of the drug ring, coupled with his growing connection to the investigating Kirsch, is a motive for Meyer to get rid of him by framing him with the murder of Mac, one of Oliver's best customers. Meyer poses as a mugger, who stabs Mac to death while he is getting money at an ATM. Oliver is with Mac at the time: he is driving Mac's car because Mac is intoxicated. Oliver, then, becomes a witness to the murder, noticing the curious luminous watch on the muffled mugger's wrist. In fear he drives away in Mac's car, but he realizes that he is in serious trouble. When Philip finds Oliver to talk with him, he warns him to go to the police so that he could be a witness rather than a suspect.
Oliver is arrested for Mac's murder, but Meyer's plan is thwarted by Philip Kirsch, who provides an alibi for Oliver after he determines his innocence. Philip stands by Oliver when he is deserted by his friends and associates. Oliver is spurned by his girlfriend and boss Chloe (Alex Dawson), who is furious at him for being a gay hustler. He is barred and betrayed at the bar and is delivered to the police; and, even though he is released on the alibi Philip provided for him, he is evicted from his apartment with a week's notice by his landlady. Oliver has no one to turn to but Philip, who invites him to stay at his apartment. This support for Oliver is socially and economically costly for Philip: he is outted at work and suspended by his boss, police Lieutenant Krane (Roxzane T. Mims). 
When Oliver moves in with Philip they only begin sleeping together when Oliver looks upon their intimacy as love freely given rather than as purchased sexual favors. Oliver is uncertain about what he is to do about his "night job" in view of his developing bond with Philip, but he must continue to make money to supply heroin to his sister.
The night that Oliver returns to his job at "The Blue Boy", Philip follows him to get him to quit hustling and exotic dancing and come home with him. Oliver sadly refuses, so Philip knocks him unconscious in the dressing room and takes him back to the apartment. Oliver is out of harm's way for Philip to go back to his police lieutenant with the information needed to bust "The Blue Boy" drug ring. 
When Oliver awakens, he finds himself handcuffed to the weight bench. He succeeds in freeing himself, but he finds in a desk drawer a luminous watch identical with that worn by Mac's murderer. He angrily leaves the apartment supposing Philip guilty of Mac's murder, and he continues to suspect Philip until he finds that Detective Grupe, who stops and picks him up on the street, is wearing one of the suspicious watches as well. Thinking Grupe to be the murderer, Oliver escapes from his car and returns to Philip's apartment. The luminous watches provide the mystery plot with two red herrings, and moments later in the film it is revealed that the police lieutenant had given her whole department these watches.
At the apartment Philip is on the phone with his police lieutenant informing her of Oliver's disappearance when he is attacked from behind by Meyer, who knocks him unconscious and hangs up the phone. His plan is once again to frame Oliver with murder by killing Philip.
Oliver's return to the apartment stops Meyer from killing Philip, but Meyer succeeds in wounding both Philip and Oliver in the struggle that ensues. Meyer is about to kill them both when he is shot and killed from behind by Det. Grupe.
The last scene shows Oliver meeting Philip on the college campus some days later. Philip tests Oliver's reformation by asking him if he remembers his name. Oliver does and admits that he no longer considers Philip a john. They walk away up the sidewalk together.
Awards.
Nominations
DVD release.
The DVD of this film was released on August 22, 2000 by WolfeVideo, Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="18737309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737309" title="Dong Guotao">
Dong Guotao

Dong Guotao (born 1980-03-08 in Dandong, Liaoning) is a Chinese épée fencer. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18737322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737322" title="Li Guojie">
Li Guojie

Li Guojie (born 1985-10-15 in Chengdu, Sichuan) is a Chinese épée fencer, who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18737326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737326" title="Nehvizdy">
Nehvizdy

Nehvizdy () (German: Newest) is a market town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It is located in a flat agricultural landscape about 22 km east of Prague on road connecting the capital city with Poděbrady and Hradec Králové (nowadays the D11 motorway runs just south of the town parallel to the old road, the closest interchange being Jirny some 2 km to the southwest). The population as of December 31, 2007 was 1,461.
History.
First written mention of Nehvizdy (regarding local parish) dates back to 1352. 
On December 29, 1941 Czechoslovak paratroopers Gabčík and Kubiš sent by exile government in London to assassinate Reinhard Heydrich were inserted near Nehvizdy (they overflew predesignated target area near Pilsen by more than hundred kilometres due to navigational error of their plane crew). The soldiers hid themselves in a nearby abandoned quarry and with help of several local citizens were able to join their collaborators and later fulfill the mission. Today a small monument in centre of the town commemorates this event.
Population.
In time of the 2001 census. the population was 848, almost exclusively of Czechs ethnicity. 68% of population was without religion, 16% belonged to Roman Catholic Church, 3% to other religious groups, 13% gave no response. While the population was quite steady in recent decades, the town has experienced significant growth since the previously mentioned census, especially due to proximity and good accessibility of the capital city.
Sights.
Main landmark of the town is a Gothic church of St. Wenceslas from late 13th century with adjacent belfry from 16th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18737330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737330" title="Archie McCardell">
Archie McCardell

Archie R. McCardell (August 29, 1926 – July 10, 2008) was an American business leader. He was best known for his tenure as chief executive officer, president, and chairman of the board at the International Harvester farm and heavy equipment manufacturing concern from 1977 to 1982. Although Harvester was the nation's fourth-largest company at the time he assumed control, McCardell triggered a strike by unionized employees which ended disastrously for the company and led to its eventual demise.
Early life.
Archie McCardell was born in Hazel Park, Michigan in August 1926. He served in the United States Army Air Forces in World War II. Following his time in the service, he attended the University of Michigan (he was the first person in his family to attend college), where he earned a bachelor's degree and a Master of Business Administration.
Business career.
After leaving school in 1949, McCardell became a financial analyst at the Ford Motor Company, and was appointed secretary-treasurer of Ford's operation in Australia and later director of finance for Ford's division in West Germany.
Xerox.
McCardell became group president for corporate services at Xerox in 1966. The post of executive vice president for operations was created for him in 1968, and he was named president of the company in 1971. During his tenure, Xerox introduced its first color copier.
During McCardell's reign at Xerox, the company announced record revenues, earnings and profits in 1973, 1974, and 1975. Although these accomplishments were lauded by the press as a sign of McCardell's management expertise, the company had been setting records in key financial indicators for 20 years. More troubling were signs that the company was actually stumbling financially: The cost of new products was zooming out of control, most of the company's growth was coming from overseas operations rather than the large American domestic market, and Xerox seemed to have no clear strategic vision.
McCardell departed Xerox for International Harvester in August 1977, just as the company's profits began dropping.
International Harvester.
McCardell was appointed president and chief operating officer of International Harvester on August 3, 1977. He received a then-exorbitant salary of $460,000 (making him one of the highest-paid CEOs in the country), a $1.5 million signing bonus and a $1.8 million loan at 6 percent interest. He was named chief executive officer in January 1978.
He instituted an aggressive cost-cutting program which immediately cut spending by $640 million and a modernization program which poured $879 million over three years into the company's plants. His actions boosted market share, and led to record sales of $8.4 billion and record profits of $370 million (up from $203 million). Despite McCardell's actions, IH's profit margins were still only half those of competitors like Caterpillar Inc. and Deere & Company.
In the fall of 1979, rather than undertake more traditional cost-cutting measures, McCardell pressed for concessions from the United Auto Workers (a trade union which had represented Harvester's workers since the early 1950s). McCardell's inexperience at labor relations, his rigid bargaining stance, misjudgments about the union's ability to withstand a long strike, and other factors trigged a 172-day strike which began on November 1, 1979, and ended on April 20, 1980. The strike was the longest ever at International Harvester, and as of August 2008 is still the fourth-longest strike in United Auto Worker history. When a final agreement came, the union retained nearly everything McCardell had sought to change, and International Harvester had lost $479.4 million during the strike and $397.3 million in the next fiscal year.
The strike severely impacted the company's financial status. International Harvester lost $257.2 million in the second quarter, for a total of $479.4 million in the first half of the year, while sales slid 47.3 percent. The company put its utility vehicle division up for sale to help cover the losses, and by the end of April 1980 was forced to take out loans which increased its short-term debt from $442 million to a staggering $1 billion. But International Harvester never recovered from the strike. In November 1981, IH asked the UAW for $100 million in wage and benefit concessions. Rising interest rates, demand weakened by the early 1980s recession, and high manufacturing costs pushed the company's total debt to a whopping $4.5 billion. On December 23, 1981, the company reached an agreement with 200 of its lenders to refinance $4.15 billion of its debt in a bid to avoid bankruptcy. McCardell announced $200 million in more cuts. On January 20, 1982, the UAW rejected Harvester's request for concessions because McCardell had just given $6 million in bonuses to salaried employees. But with the firm's financial condition rapidly worsening, the UAW reopened negotiations in March 1982. Negotiators reached a tentative agreement nearly two years to the day after the 1979–1980 strike ended, giving Harvester $200 million in wage, benefit, pension, and other savings over three years.
International Harvester was also sued over McCardell's $1.8 million forgiven loan, and was unable to have the suit dismissed.
On May 3, 1982, one day after the UAW ratified the concessionary contract, Archie McCardell was fired by International Harvester. Although McCardell asserted he had resigned, industry and press observers said that he was fired. "Time" reported that the company's 16-member board of directors met in a two-hour meeting over the weekend. Pushed by the company's debtor banks, the board finally agreed to fire McCardell. "The real wonder was that McCardell had not been ousted much earlier," "Time" said. He was replaced by Louis W. Menk and Warren J. Hayford.
The company's downard financial spiral continued. For fiscal year 1980, 1981, and 1982, International Harvester incurred a combined three-year loss of $2.4 billion—the largest such three-year loss for any American company in history at the time. International Harvester sold its farm equipment division to Tenneco in 1985, and changed its name in 1986 to Navistar International.
Later career and death.
McCardell moved to Fairfield, Connecticut, where he purchased Pepperidge Farm, the farm owned by Margaret Rudkin which had lent its name to the baking company. McCardell began developing the farm into an affluent subdivision known as The Ridge.
He was elected to the board of directors of Computer Communications Inc. in 1984, but the company later folded. He also ran a company which took tourists on scuba diving trips, and owned several other small businesses.
Archie McCardell died at his home in Casper, Wyoming on July 10, 2008, of complications from heart failure. His wife, Margaret McCardell (née Martin); children Sandra, Laurie and Clay; and two brothers and a sister survived him.

</doc>
<doc id="18737348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737348" title="Turin-Milan Hours">
Turin-Milan Hours

The Turin-Milan Hours (or Milan-Turin hours, Turin Hours etc.) is a partially destroyed illuminated manuscript, which despite its name is not strictly a book of hours. It is of exceptional quality and importance, with a very complicated history both during and after its production. It contains several miniatures of about 1420 attributed to an artist known as "Hand G" who was probably either Jan van Eyck, his brother Hubert van Eyck, or an artist very closely associated with them. About a decade or so later Barthélemy d'Eyck may have worked on some miniatures. Of the several portions of the book, that kept in Turin was destroyed in a fire in 1904, though black-and-white photographs exist.
Work on the manuscript began around 1380 or 1390, and over the course of almost almost sixty years involved a variety of artists, assistants and patrons during perhaps seven separate campaigns of work. Its conception and first leafs were commissioned by a high ranking member of the French court whose identity is now lost, and involved mainly French artists. Before 1413 it was in the possession of Jean, Duc de Berry; by 1420 in that of the Count of Holland John of Bavaria, who contracted mostly Flemish artists.
The early leafs are highly decorative and ornate and completed within International Gothic traditions, with stylized backgrounds but comparatively flat depth of field. The pages though to have been compiled from the mid-1410s show particular skill in portraying perspective, especially those attributed to Hand G. 
History.
The work was commissioned in about 1380 or 1390, perhaps by the person who later owned it, Jean, Duc de Berry, brother of Charles V of France, and the leading commissioner of illuminated manuscripts of the day. The original commissioner was certainly a great person of the French court – Louis II, Duke of Bourbon, uncle of the King and Berry, has also been suggested. It seems to have been conceived, very unusually, as a combined book of hours, prayer-book and missal, all parts to be lavishly illustrated. The first artist involved was the leading master of the period known as the Master of the Narbonne Parement. There was another campaign by other artists in about 1405, by which time the manuscript was probably owned by the Duke of Berry, who had certainly acquired it by 1413, when the work, still very incomplete, was given to the Duke's treasurer, Robinet d'Estampes, who divided it. D'Estampes retained most of the actual book of hours, whose illustrations were largely complete, which became known as the Très Belles Heures de Notre-Dame de Duc Jean de Berry. This remained in his family until the 18th century, and was finally given to the BnF in Paris (MS: Nouvelle acquisition latine 3093) by the Rothschild family in 1956, after they had owned it for nearly a century. This section contains 126 folios with 25 miniatures, the latest perhaps of about 1409, and includes work by the Limbourg brothers.
Robinet d'Estampes appears to have sold the other sections, with completed text but few illustrations other than the borders, and by 1420 these were owned by John, Count of Holland, or a member of his family, who commissioned a new generation of Netherlandish artists to resume work. It is the miniatures of this phase that are of the greatest interest. Two further campaigns, or phases of decoration, can be seen, the last work being of near the mid-century. The art historian Georges Hulin de Loo distinguished the work of eleven artists – "Hand A" to "Hand K" – in the work. By this stage the manuscript appears to have been owned by, or at least was at the court of, Philip the Good, Duke of Burgundy – another argument for the involvement of Jan van Eyck who moved from the employment of the counts of Holland to the court of Burgundy, apparently taking the work with him. 
Most of this part of the work, the prayer-book section, known as the Turin Hours, belonged by 1479 to the House of Savoy, later Kings of Piedmont (and subsequently Italy), who gave it in 1720 to the National Library in Turin. Like many other manuscripts it was destroyed, or virtually so, in a fire in 1904. This portion contained 93 leaves with 40 miniatures. However the missal portion of the work, known as the Milan Hours, was bought in Paris in 1800 by an Italian princely collector. After the fire, this part, containing 126 leaves with 28 miniatures, was also acquired by Turin in 1935, and is in the Civic Museum there (MS 47). Eight leaves had been removed from the original Turin portion, probably in the 17th century, of which four, with five miniatures, are in the Louvre. Four of the five large miniatures are by the earlier French artists, with one from the later Flemish phases (RF 2022–2025). A single leaf with miniatures from the last phase of decoration was bought by the Getty Museum in 2000, reputedly for a million US dollars, having been in a Belgian private collection.
The miniatures and borders.
The page size is about 284 x 203 mm. Nearly all the pages illustrated with miniatures have the same format, with a main picture above four lines of text and a narrow "bas-de-page" ("foot of the page") image below. Most miniatures mark the beginning of a section of text, and the initial is a decorated or historiated square. Often the "bas de page" image shows a scene of contemporary life related in some way to the main devotional image, or an Old Testament subject. The borders, with one exception, all follow the same relatively simple design of stylised foliage, typical of the period when the work was started, and are largely or completely from the first phase of decoration in the 14th century. These would have been done by less senior artists in the workshop, or even sub- contracted out. During the earlier campaigns, the borders are further decorated by the miniaturists with small angels, animals (mostly birds), and figures, but the later artists usually did not add these. 
The single exception to the style of the borders is a destroyed page, with the main miniature a "Virgo inter virgines" by Hand H. The border here is in a richer and later 15th century style, from 1430 at the earliest, partly overpainting a normal border, which has also been partly scraped off. This is probably because the original border contained a portrait of a previous owner, of which traces can be seen.
The Paris "Très Belles Heures" probably originally contained 31 instead of the current 25 illustrated pages, which when added to 40 in the original Turin portion, 28 in the Milan-Turin portion, 5 in the Louvre and 1 in Malibu, gives a total of at least 105 illustrated pages, a very large number, approaching the 131 illustrated pages of the Très Riches Heures du Duc de Berry, which also took many decades to complete.
The artists.
The French art historian Paul Durrieu fortunately published his monograph, with photographs, on the Turin Hours in 1902, two years before it was burnt. He was the first to recognise that the Turin and Milan Hours were from the same volume, and to connect them with the van Eyck brothers. Georges Hulin de Loo, in his work on the Milan portion published in 1911 (by which time the Turin portion was already lost), made a division of the artists into "Hands" A–K in what he thought was their chronological sequence. This has been broadly accepted – as regards the lost Turin portion few have been in a position to dispute it – but attribution has been the subject of great debate, and Hand J in particular is now sub-divided by many. Hands A–E are French, from before the division of the work, Hands G–K are Netherlandish from after it, and Hand F has been attributed to both groups. 
The dating of the Hand G miniatures has been placed at various points between 1417 and the late 1430s. He pages attributed to him are universally agreed to be the most innovative; Hulin de Loos described these miniatures as "the most marvelous that had ever decorated a book, and, for their time the most stupefying known to the history of art. For the first time we see realized, in all of its consequences, the modern conception of painting... For the first time since antiquity, painting recovers the mastery of space and light" Hulin de Loos thought these the work of Hubert van Eyck, who, like most art historians of the time, he also believed to be the main artist of the Ghent Altarpiece. He thought the less exciting, but similar, Hand H might be Jan van Eyck. Since then art historical opinion has shifted to see both Hand G and most of the "Ghent Altarpiece" as the work of Jan; Max J. Friedländer, Anne van Buren and Albert Châtelet were among the proponents of this view. More recently, some art historians see Hand G as a different but related artist, in some ways even more innovative than the famous brothers. Proponents of this view highlight the many close compositional, iconographical and typographical similarities to van Eyck's panel paintings of the 1430s.
The pages attributed to Hand H include the "Agony in the Garden", "Way to Calvary" and "Crucifixion". They are usually dated after 1416-17, typically 1422-24, based on their style and on possible identifications of the donors. Hulin de Loo considered them van Eyck's "juvenilia"; Friedländer and Panofsky associated them with the workshop of van Eyck. Although the leafs are not as refined and do not evince the same technical ability as those of Hand G, they contain realistic and unflinching depictions of human distress and a number of iconographic and stylistic innovations that suggest they are copies of prototypes by Jan. Charles Sterling notes similarities between Hand H and passages in the New York "Crucifixion and Last Judgement diptych" miniature, a work for which completion dates as wide as 1420-1438 have been suggested, and which is known to have been finished by members of Jan's workshop. He notes the influence on van Eyck's successor in Bruges, Petrus Christus, who is known to have served as a journeyman in Jan's studio from the early 1430s. He suggests that the "Agony in the Garden" in particular was influential on painters in the 1430s, especially on southern German painters such as Hans Multscher and Lodewijck Allynckbrood who produced a number of works clearly indebted to Hand H.
Hands I–K are all working in a similar Eyckian style, perhaps following underdrawing or sketches by Hand G, and are usually seen as members of Jan's workshop, although many now think work continued after Jan's death, which was by 1441 (Hubert had died in 1426). Many iconographical, as well as stylistic correspondences have been noted with other manuscripts and painting produced in Bruges from the 1430s on, and it seems clear that the manuscript was located there at this time. Numerous suggestions have been made as to their identities, mostly as anonymous illuminators named after a particular work. Hand K is the latest and generally the weakest of the later group, working up to about 1450, and "probably painting outside the workshop environment"; he is often identified as, or linked with, the Master of the Llangattock Hours. 
Often the "bas-de-page" and main miniature are by different artists, as in the Getty's leaf, and also the borders and historiated initials.
The style and identity of Hand G.
Hand G, who may or may not have been Jan van Eyck, paralleled the achievement and innovation of that artist's panel paintings in the miniature form, firstly in the technical development of the tempera medium and use of glazes to achieve unprecedented detail and subtlety, and also in his illusionist realism, especially seen in interiors and landscapes – the John the Baptist page shows both well. Many of the background portions of the attributed leafs seem concerned with the depiction of receding space, and it is often thought that in this aspect that the work of Hand G is most innovative. However, from the earlier pages he seems to be grappling with the techniques for the first time. He was successful early on in showing space receding over reflective water or within interior spaces, but appears to have experienced more difficulty with lansdcape. Early attempts, for example "Christ in the Garden of Gethsemane" in which three imposing figures in the foreground are presented before a distant hillscape, see him, perhaps crudely, eliminating the mid-ground to create the illusion of distance. Yet the underdrawing show him already experimenting with more effective and innovative techniques he was later to master, such as lowering the line of the horizon, and using radiating verticals to increase the sense of dept.
Only three pages at most attributed to Hand G now survive, those with large miniatures of the "Birth of John the Baptist", the "Finding of the True Cross" – not accepted by all – (both shown above), and the "Office of the Dead" (or "Requiem Mass"), with the bas-de-page miniatures and initials of the first and last of these. Four more were lost in 1904: all the elements of the pages with the miniatures called "The Prayer on the Shore" (or "Duke William of Bavaria at the Seashore", the "Sovereign's prayer" etc.), and the night-scene of the "Betrayal of Christ" (which was already described by Durrieu as "worn" before the fire), the "Coronation of the Virgin" and its bas-de-page, and the large picture only of the seascape "Voyage of St Julian & St Martha". Examination under infra-red light has shown underdrawing for a different composition in the "Birth of John the Baptist", who was the patron saint of John, Count of Holland. The unique and enigmatic seashore subject seems to illustrate an episode from the ferocious internal politics of the family, who can be clearly identified by the arms on a banner. Châtelet suggests the Peace of Woodrichem in 1419, when John succeeded in wresting control of her inheritance from his unlucky niece Jacqueline, Countess of Hainaut. The "bas-de-page" shows another landscape, of flat Dutch countryside, looking forward to the Dutch Golden Age painting of the 17th century.
Châtelet contrasts the Turin miniatures with those of the Limbourg brothers, which favour faces in profile, with the clothes barely modeled onto the bodies, and the figures not integrated into the space of the miniature. In the Hand G images the figures are fully modeled, as are their clothes, shown from a variety of angles, and are rather small, not dominating the space of their setting. Chiaroscuro modelling gives depth and realism to both figures and setting. For Friedlaender "The local colours are adjusted to the dominant tone with inexplicable confidence. The gliding of shadows, the rippling of waves, the reflection in the water, cloud formations: all that is most evanescent and most delicate is expressed with easy mastery. A realism that the entire century failed to reach seems to have been achieved once by the impetus of the first attack". Kenneth Clark, who thought Hand G to be Hubert, agreed: "Hubert van Eyck has, at one bound, covered a space in the history of art which the prudent historian would have expected to last over several centuries", and singled out praise for the innovations in the subtle depictions of landscape. Of the seashore scene he says: "The figures in the foreground are in the chivalric style of the de Limbourgs; but the sea shore beyond them is completely outside the fifteenth-century range of responsiveness, and we see nothing like it again until Jacob van Ruisdael's beach-scenes of the mid-seventeenth century." Marine art historian Margarita Russell, describes the Hand G marine scenes as "capturing the first true vision of pure seascape" in art. Some (but not all) of the miniatures in the Limbourg brothers' especially ornate Très Riches Heures du Duc de Berry, which is contemporary or slightly earlier, contain innovative depictions of reflections in water, but these are taken further in the Hand G miniatures. 
As Thomas Kren points out, the earlier dates for Hand G precede any known panel painting in an Eyckian style, which "raise provocative questions about the role that manuscript illumination may have played in the vaunted verisimilitude of Eyckian oil painting". Otto Pächt emphasized the "spacial conflict" that affected illusionistic manuscript miniatures, sharing the page with text, in a way that did not affect panel paintings: "the necessity of having to look "into" the page of the book, however cleverly contrived, meant that from now on the book housed a picture "as an alien body" on which it no longer had any formal influence".
Facsimiles.
Facsimile editions have been published of the surviving Turin section (1994:980 copies), accompanied by a large commentary, and separately of the BnF "Très Belles Heures de Notre Dame", and of the Louvre leaves (which includes photographs of the burnt Turin pages). The 1902 volume of Durrieu has also been republished (Turin 1967), with new photographs from the original negatives, and a new introduction by Châtelet. The quality of the photos, or their reproduction, have been criticised in both editions.

</doc>
<doc id="18737349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737349" title="Zhu Jun (fencer)">
Zhu Jun (fencer)

Zhu Jun (born 2 July 1984 in Gaoyou, Yangzhou, Jiangsu) is a Chinese foil fencer, who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18737379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737379" title="Kiyo A. Matsumoto">
Kiyo A. Matsumoto

Kiyo A. Matsumoto is a district judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. She joined the court in 2008 after being nominated by President George W. Bush.
Early life and education.
Born in Raleigh, North Carolina, Matsumoto graduated from the University of California, Berkeley with her Bachelor's degree in 1976 and later from Georgetown University Law Center with a Juris Doctor degree in 1981.
Legal career.
Matsumoto was a private practice attorney in Washington State from 1981 to 1983 before joining the U.S. Attorney's Office as Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York from 1983 to 2004. Matsumoto served as an Adjunct Professor of Law at New York University School of Law from 1998 to 2004.
Federal Judicial Career.
In 2008, Matsumoto was nominated to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York by President George W. Bush on March 11, 2008, to a seat vacated by Edward Korman. Matsumoto was confirmed by the Senate on July 17, 2008, on a majority vote and received commission on July 22, 2008. Born to second generation Japanese American parents, Matsumoto became the second Asian Pacific American woman to serve as a federal district court judge.

</doc>
<doc id="18737386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737386" title="Wang Jingzhi">
Wang Jingzhi

Wang Jingzhi (born 28 August 1982, in Tanggu, Tianjin) is a Chinese sabre fencer, who competed at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics. His biggest accomplishment is winning a gold medal at the 2010 Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18737388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737388" title="Cats That Look Like Hitler">
Cats That Look Like Hitler

Cats That Look Like Hitler is a satirical website featuring photographs of cats that bear an alleged resemblance to Adolf Hitler. Most of the cats have a large black splotch underneath their nose, much like the dictator's stumpy toothbrush moustache. The site was founded by Koos Plegt and Paul Neve in 2006, and became widely known after being featured on several television programmes across Europe and Australia. The site is now only run by Neve. As of February 2013, the site contained photographs of over 8,000 cats, submitted by owners with digital cameras and internet access and then approved by Neve as content.
In popular culture.
The site was also spotlighted by Stephen Colbert on "The Colbert Report" on 26 July 2010 and in a report by CNN's Jeanne Moos on 27 July 2010.
The site was commonly referenced in the now defunct Australian gaming magazine "Total Gamer" and has become well known in New Zealand since it was mentioned on the "Edge Nightshow" by Brad Wattson that his cat 'Piggles' was the No. 1 "kitler" (Kitty/Hitler) in the world. The site was also mentioned fleetingly in "The Social Network".
Public response.
A variety of testimonial has been posted on the official site. Much of the testimonial is positive (one user heralds the space as "A Post-Structuralist Analysis of the Socio-Semiotics of Fuhrer/Feline Inter-Contextuality", but a section entitled "We Hate Kitlers" proves that many members of society have had a hard time stomaching the idea of comparing kittens to a dictator. Comments on the site are riddled with grammatical errors but cite issues such as the fact "no cat deserves any connection with Hitler" and the more extensive "How can you possibly endorse or support fascist racism? Don't you know your history? It's people like you who oppressed and killed my people. Do you think (you're) that much better than us? (You're trying to make Hitler and Natzism look cute - by (associating) small, adorable cats with their hatred. It's NOT cute, not NOT funny, and i am offended." 
Cats That Look Like Hitler is one of many memes which has offended the public and put a serious historical tragedy in comedic light. Journalist and writer Jon Bershad has noted the eye-opening power of off-color internet sensations such as Cats That Look Like Hitler, claiming that we "can't ignore" these responses to tragedy. The humor in the website can help people to "get over tragedy" and then "put (the situation) behind them so they can learn from it and move on." 
Historical relevance.
Cats have been compared to Hitler in other contexts, the most popular and noteworthy being Art Spiegelman's Maus, a graphic novel about the Holocaust. This was the first time cats were depicted as members of the Nazi Party, more notably as Hitler. This might have ultimately served as inspiration for the site, noted by the Minnesotan Star Tribune. The cat-to-Hitler and mouse-to-Jewish-victim kinship is further explained in sequel MetaMaus. According to Desmond Morris, a zoologist, Maus has "set cats' reputation's back a thousand years." While Maus avoids a "cute" interpretation of the Holocaust (Spiegelman refers to this as "Haulokitsch"), Cats That Look Like Hitler seems to embrace this method of historical interpretation. 
Related content.
Cats, like those on the Cats That Look Like Hitler website, seem to have an overwhelming presence on the internet, in memes (see LOLcats) as well as various YouTube videos and related sites such as Stuff On My Cat. Much attention has been lavished on Cats That Look Like Hitler, some for being "cute" and some, as mentioned above, for being "offensive." Nevertheless, Cats That Look Like Hitler contributes to a wide assortment of cat themed websites and content. Writer for The Times, Ben Machell, has interviewed the owners of sensational cats such as those on the site and has come up with various possible explanations for the creation and popularity of cats on the internet, including the Cats That Look Like Hitler. Machell mentions the cat's mysterious nature and personality as a perfect target for projecting personality and emotion on, and recalls the worship of cats evident in historical records since the ancient Egyptians.

</doc>
<doc id="18737391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737391" title="David Nevins">
David Nevins

David Nevins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18737394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737394" title="List of Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best First Novel winners">
List of Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best First Novel winners

This list contains all of the novels that have received the Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best First Novel by An American Author:

</doc>
<doc id="18737397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737397" title="Zhong Man">
Zhong Man

Zhong Man (, born February 28, 1983 in Nantong, Jiangsu) is a Chinese sabre fencer, who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, winning the second ever gold medal for China in fencing. During the 07/08 season, he was ranked number 2 in the world. 

</doc>
<doc id="18737402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737402" title="Agustín Fernández Mallo">
Agustín Fernández Mallo

Agustín Fernández Mallo (La Coruña, 1967) is a physicist and Spanish writer. He lives in Palma de Mallorca. He is a member of the so-called Nocilla Generation.
Although he works as a physicist, he also collaborates with cultural magazines such as "Lateral", "Contrastes", "La Bolsa de Pipas", "La fábrica" and "Anónima".
Works.
Poetry
Narrativa
Future works.
"Nocilla Dream" and "Nocilla Experience" are part of a trilogy called Nocilla Project, which will be completed with "Nocilla Lab".

</doc>
<doc id="18737406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737406" title="Bradley Sands">
Bradley Sands

Bradley Sands (born December 28, 1978) is an American author. He is involved in the Bizarro movement in underground literature with Steve Aylett, Chris Genoa, Carlton Mellick III and D. Harlan Wilson.
Sands' work has been described as absurd, comedic, and transgressive. His influences include Steve Aylett, Mark Leyner, Woody Allen, Raymond Chandler, and the movie "Airplane!" 
He received an &Now Award for Innovative Fiction.
Sands was the editor-in-chief of the defunct literary journal, "Bust Down the Door and Eat All the Chickens", which was described as "the figurehead publication for the Bizarro, Absurdist, and modern Surrealist literary movements." 

</doc>
<doc id="18737409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737409" title="Zhou Hanming">
Zhou Hanming

Zhou Hanming (born 18 October 1980, in Guangzhou, Guangdong) is a Chinese Sabre fencer, who competed at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18737411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737411" title="Narek">
Narek

Narek () is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia. In 1984, the town was named after Grigor Narekatsi. Narek was also a village in Western Armenia (Eastern Anatolia).

</doc>
<doc id="18737427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737427" title="Real (Goo Goo Dolls song)">
Real (Goo Goo Dolls song)

"Real" is a song by the Goo Goo Dolls that is featured on the "AT&T Team USA Soundtrack", a compilation containing exclusive tracks by different artists to benefit and encourage the U.S. Olympic Team. The song was also released on to iTunes stores, with the exception of stores in the U.S., Canada, Australia and New Zealand. The song was later released onto the remaining iTunes stores on , coinciding with the start of the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
John changed the first line of the lyrics to "You read the news, the stories never change" in the live versions he played after the Europe 2008 tour, probably because the original line also appears in Stay With You: "These streets, turn me inside out".

</doc>
<doc id="18737429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737429" title="Tony Allin">
Tony Allin

Anthony William Allin (born 20 April 1954) is a former English first-class and List A cricketer who played for Glamorgan and Devon. He played all his first-class cricket matches for Glamorgan. He played List A cricket for Glamorgan, Devon and the Minor Counties. He is the father of the Warwickshire cricketer Tom Allin.
He also played 43 times for Devon in the Minor Counties Cricket Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18737437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737437" title="Philodendron sect. Baursia">
Philodendron sect. Baursia

Baursia is a section within the genus "Philodendron" that consists of 33 different species of plants. "Philodendron" species that are members of this section are typically described as having very prominent lateral veins. They also have elongated oblong leaves with a few species that are exceptions to this rule. Members of this section are usually found within southeastern South America and the upper amazon basin. The type species for this section is "Philodendron crassinervium". Additionally, philodendron within this section have plurilocular ovaries.
Philodendron in the section "Baursia" are often confused with those of the section "Philopsammos" since they both are characterized by having long elliptical leaves. The two can be distinguished however because philopsammos philodendron have bilocular ovaries.

</doc>
<doc id="18737443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737443" title="Barnhill (surname)">
Barnhill (surname)

Barnhill is a surname of English origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18737445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737445" title="Su Wanwen">
Su Wanwen

Su Wanwen (born 1982-10-02 in Guangzhou, Guangdong) is a female Chinese foil fencer, who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics coming 16th.

</doc>
<doc id="18737458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737458" title="Massachusetts Land Court">
Massachusetts Land Court

The Massachusetts Land Court is one of the departments of the Trial Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The court is unique among the courts of Massachusetts and among state courts in general because its subject-matter jurisdiction is limited to disputes involving real property.
Jurisdiction.
The court's geographic jurisdiction covers all of Massachusetts. The court usually sits in Boston, but may hold trials at other locations when necessary.
Exclusive jurisdiction.
The Land Court has exclusive and original jurisdiction over the registration of title to real property (discussed "infra"), over all matters and disputes concerning such title after registration, and over the foreclosure and redemption of real estate tax liens.
Concurrent jurisdiction.
The Land Court shares jurisdiction over other property matters with other court departments. The court's jurisdiction overlaps significantly with that of the Massachusetts Superior Court in many instances, because the Superior Court has original jurisdiction in civil actions over $25,000, and in matters where equitable relief is sought. The court has concurrent jurisdiction with the Superior Court over specific performance of real estate contracts, over petitions for partitions of real estate, and over the processing of mortgage foreclosure cases.
The Land Court shares jurisdiction with the Superior Court and the Housing Court over matters arising out of decisions by local planning boards and zoning boards of appeal.
Permit Session.
Beginning in August 2006, the Massachusetts Legislature established a separate session of the Land Court, known as the "permit session". This session has original jurisdiction over certain civil actions involving land use and environmental permitting. This jurisdiction is also concurrent with the Superior Court.
Responsibilities of the court.
Apart from adjudicating cases, registration of title to real property is one of the Land Court's most important responsibilities. Registration of title under Massachusetts state law occurs when the Land Court, after having the title exhaustively searched by a Court-appointed examiner, and after due process is afforded to all interested parties, reviews and then adjudicates and decrees the state of the title. Once this process is complete, the current state of the title, as it is sequentially updated by registration of future transactions, is embodied in a certificate of title which both evidences and guarantees title, subject only to the exceptions provided by statute and matters of federal law. The initial decree of registration and the subsequent certificate of title are actions "in rem". Registration is useful when title is insufficient to support a conclusion of ownership under the traditional recording system, or is clearly defective, and the putative owner desires to make the title good and marketable.
The court employs a staff of engineers and surveyors to help accomplish the task of determining land title and boundaries. The Land Court also has superintendency authority over the registered land office in each registry of deeds.
History.
The Land Court was originally created by the Massachusetts Legislature in 1898 as the "Court of Registration". The court's name was changed to the "Court of Land Registration" in 1900, before it was finally given its current name in 1904. Over the first few years of its existence, the Court was brought into its current status as a court of record on a par with the Superior Court. Until the creation of the Massachusetts Appeals Court in 1972, it was the only court of state-wide jurisdiction other than the Supreme Judicial Court. The original text of Land Court cases is provided by Westlaw, Mass Cases and LexisNexis. A law reporter with Land Court cases, commentary, and subject matter indices is provided by Landlaw Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18737460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737460" title="Huang Jialing">
Huang Jialing

Huang Jialing (born 1982-08-03 in Guangzhou, Guangdong) is a female Chinese foil fencer. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18737477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737477" title="Sun Chao (fencer)">
Sun Chao (fencer)

Sun Chao (born 1983-01-23 in Tianjin) is a female Chinese foil fencer, who will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18737478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737478" title="1964 Gabon coup d'état">
1964 Gabon coup d'état

The 1964 Gabon coup d'état was staged between 17 and 18 February 1964 by Gabonese military officers who rose against Gabonese President Léon M'ba. Before the coup, Gabon was seen as one of the most politically stable countries in Africa. The coup resulted from M'ba's dissolution of the Gabonese legislature on 21 January 1964, and during a takeover with few casualties 150 coup plotters arrested M'ba and a number of his government officials. Through Radio Libreville, they asked the people of Gabon to remain calm and assured them that the country's pro-France foreign policy would remain unchanged. A provisional government was formed, and the coup's leaders installed Deputy Jean-Hilaire Aubame, who was M'ba's primary political opponent and had been uninvolved in the coup, as president. Meanwhile, M'ba was sent to Lambaréné, from Libreville. There was no major uprising or reaction by the Gabonese people when they received word of the coup, which the military interpreted as a sign of approval.
After being informed of the coup by Gabonese Chief of Staff Albert-Bernard Bongo, French President Charles de Gaulle resolved to restore the M'ba government, honoring a 1960 treaty signed between the deposed government and France when Gabon became independent. With the help of French paratroopers, the provisional government was toppled during the night of 19 February and M'ba was reinstated as president. Afterward, M'ba imprisoned more than 150 of his opponents, pledging "no pardon or pity" but rather "total punishment". Aubame was sentenced to 10 years of hard labor and 10 years of exile, a sentence that was later commuted. During this time, the ageing president became increasingly reclusive, opting to stay in his presidential palace under the protection of French troops. Within three years, M'ba was diagnosed with cancer; he died on 28 November 1967.
Background and origins.
Gabon gained its independence from France on 17 August 1960. The country had a relatively high standard of living and was considered one of the more stable countries in West Africa, both politically and economically. At the time of the coup, the country had an estimated US$200 average annual income and was one of the few countries in Africa with a positive trade balance, with exports exceeding imports by 30 percent. As of 1964, the country was among the largest producers of uranium and manganese in French Africa, which "Time" suggested was one of the reasons for France's response to the coup. It also had petroleum, iron, and logging interests stationed in Gabon.
M'ba was also one of the most loyal allies to France in Africa, even after the country's independence. In fact, France maintained 600 paratroopers and an air force unit, which included Mirage V and Jaguar jet fighters, at the Camp de Gaulle military base until at least 1987, a warning to any Gabonese coup plotters. M'ba famously commented during a 1961 visit to France that "ll Gabonese have two fatherlands: France and Gabon", and Europeans enjoyed particularly friendly treatment under his regime. French journalist Pierre Péan asserted that M'ba secretly tried to prevent Gabonese independence; instead, he lobbied for it to become an overseas territory of France. He went so far as to say that "Gabon is an extreme case, verging on caricature, of neocolonialism."
M'ba aspired to establish Gabon as a democracy, which he believed was necessary to attract foreign investors. At the same time, he attempted to reconcile the imperatives of democracy with the necessity for a strong and coherent government. In practice, however, M'ba showed a weakness in attaining his goal—by this time he was known as "the old man", or "the boss"—to have a high degree of authority. On 21 February 1961, a new constitution was unanimously adopted, providing for a "hyperpresidential" regime. M'ba now had full executive powers: he could appoint ministers whose functions and responsibilities were decided by him; he could dissolve the National Assembly by choice or prolong its term beyond the normal five years; he could declare a state of emergency when he believed the need arose, though for this amendment he would have to consult the people via a referendum. This was, in fact, very similar to the constitution adopted in favor of Fulbert Youlou at roughly the same time. A report from the French secret service summarized the situation:
M'ba's chief political opponent had been Jean-Hilaire Aubame, a former protégé and his half-brother's foster son. M'ba was backed by the French forestry interests, while Aubame was supported by the Roman Catholic missions and the French administration. Aubame, a deputy of the opposition party "l’Union démocratique et sociale gabonaise" (UDSG) in the National Assembly, had few fundamental ideological differences with the M'ba-led "Bloc Démocratique Gabonais" (BDG), including advocating less economic dependence on France and faster "Africanization" of French political jobs. However, the new constitution and the National Union (a political union they founded) suspended the quarrels between M'ba and Aubame from 1961 to 1963. Despite this, political unrest grew within the population, and many students held demonstrations on the frequent dissolutions of the National Assembly and the general political attitude in the country. The president did not hesitate to enforce the law himself; with a chicotte, he whipped citizens who did not show respect for him, including passersby who "forgot" to salute him.
Aubame served as foreign minister under the coalition government, though in early 1963 he was dropped from the Cabinet for refusing to create a single-party Gabon. To oust Aubame from his legislative seat, M'ba appointed him President of the Supreme Court on 25 February, practically a powerless post. M'ba supporters tried to pass a bill that declared that a member of parliament could only hold a single role in government. The president claimed that Aubame had resigned from the National Assembly, citing incompatibility with the functions of the assembly. Aubame, however, unexpectedly resigned from the Supreme Court on 10 January 1964, complicating matters for M'ba. In a fit of rage, M'ba dissolved the National Assembly on 21 January 1964. "The New York Times" speculates that this was due to it not supporting M'ba in Aubame's removal.
The electoral conditions were announced as such: The election 67 districts were reduced to 47. M'ba disqualified Aubame by announcing that anyone who had held a post recently was banned. Any party would have to submit 47 candidates who had to pay US$160 or none at all. Thus, over US$7,500 would be deposited without considering campaign expenses. M'ba's idea was that no party other than his would have the money to enter candidates. In response to this, the opposition announced its refusal to participate in elections that they did not consider fair.
Planning.
Little is known of the planning of the coup. No demonstrations followed Mba's dissolution of the National Assembly, so the coup could be classified as simply a "palace coup". The 1964–1965 edition of the "Adelphi Papers" speculates that the continued presence of young French military officers in Gabon may have been an inspiration to the plotters of the coup. Much of the 600-man Gabonese army had previously served in the French army prior to independence, where they were paid modestly. Like much of the rest of the country, they were displeased by M'ba's actions against Aubame, a probable cause for involvement.
U.S. Ambassador to Gabon Charles Darlington suggested that the coup plotters may have tried to imitate the style of Colonel Christophe Soglo. Soglo, a commander in Dahomey's 800-man army, had deposed President Hubert Maga in October 1963, ruled for about a month, then resigned in favor of Dahomey's citizens. The plotters apparently did not consider French involvement, so therefore didn't take any additional steps to prevent it. They could have created protests to show public support, although the spokesman for the coup plotters, Sub-Lieutenant Daniel Mbene, justified the coup by claiming in a broadcast that the army had to act to avoid the rash of "uncontrollable demonstrations that would have been difficult to halt".
It is unlikely that Aubame participated in the planning of the coup. It appears that he joined the effort after being recruited by the new government. His nephew, Pierre Eyeguet, a former ambassador to the United Kingdom, may have known of the plot beforehand and notified his uncle, although it is unknown whether or not Aubame established contact with the plotters.
Lieutenant Valerie Essone only decided to participate on 17 February. This was a crucial decision for he led the First Company of the Gabonese Army, the company of the other officers. Apparently at that moment he told his troops to perform average night maneuvers. That day, Gabonese chief of staff Albert Bernard (later Omar) Bongo informed President M'ba that the number of troops outside Libreville was unusually high. M'ba, however, did not think much of this anomaly.
Coup.
During the night of 17 February and the early morning of 18 February 1964, 150 members of the Gabonese military, gendarmerie, and police, headed by Lieutenant Jacques Mombo and Valére Essone, seized the presidential palace. The gendarmes on duty claimed that this was but a military exercise. However, during the "exercise" the lieutenants dragged President M'ba from his bed at gunpoint. Bongo heard this noise and telephoned President of the National Assembly Louis Bigmann to find out what had happened. Bigmann arrived at the presidential palace and asked the rebels what Bongo had asked him. At this point they opened the gates and arrested him too. The plotters subsequently arrested every member of the Gabonese cabinet except the respected technician André Gustave Anguilé. Apparently, the plotters let him roam free in the hopes of him joining them, although before noon he asked to be arrested. Joseph N'Goua, the Gabonese minister of foreign affairs, was able to tell the French Embassy of this before he was arrested.
The insurgents, calling themselves a "revolutionary committee", spread themselves strategically across the Gabonese capital during the night. They shut down the airport and seized the post office and radio station. On Radio Libreville, the military announced that a coup had taken place and that they required "technical assistance". They issued radio statements every half-hour promising that "public liberties will be restored and all political prisoners will be freed" and ordered the French not to interfere in the matter, claiming that it would be a violation of their sovereignty. In addition, they decreed the closing of schools and businesses. M'ba acknowledged his defeat in a radio broadcast, in accordance with orders from his captors. "D-Day is here, the injustices are beyond measure, these people are patient, but their patience has limits", he said. "It came to a boil."
During these events, no gunshots were fired. The public did not react strongly, which, according to the military, was a sign of approval. A provisional government was formed, composed of civilian politicians from the UDSG and BDG such as Philippe N'dong, editor of Gabon's literary review "Réalités Gabonaises"; Dr. Eloi Chambrier, Gabon's only physician; Philippe Maury, a famous Gabonese actor; and civil servant Paul Gondjout. Mbene stated that the provisional government would not include any members of the M'ba government. He declared that Gabon's pro-French foreign policy would remain unchanged and that Mombo would supervise the government until the presidency was given to Aubame. The plotters were content to ensure security for civilians, urging them to remain calm and not hurt anyone. Most of them were junior officers, living in the army barracks. The senior officers did not intervene; instead, they stayed in their "pleasant" houses.
Aubame was unaware of the coup until the French ambassador to Gabon, Paul Cousseran, called him on the telephone roughly a half-hour after sunrise. Cousseran, meanwhile, was awoken by the noisy streets and checked to see what was happening. Aubame replied that he was to find out why there was "no government", as Cousseran never directly mentioned a coup. However, about midway through the morning an automobile carrying the revolutionary committee arrived at Aubame's residence and drove him to the governmental offices, where he had been named president.
Second Lieutenant Ndo Edou gave instructions to transfer M'ba to Ndjolé, Aubame's electoral stronghold. However, due to heavy rain, the deposed president and his captors took shelter in an unknown village. The next morning they decided to take him over the easier road to Lambaréné. Several hours later, they returned to Libreville.
French intervention.
French authorities first received information on the coup not from Cousseran but rather from Bongo, giving him some standing among them. President de Gaulle, upon advice from his chief adviser on African policy, Jacques Foccart, decided that he would restore the legitimate government. This was in accordance with a 1960 treaty between Gabon and the French, which was ironically signed by Aubame in his stint as Foreign Minister. Foccart, on the other hand, had only decided to launch the countercoup to protect the interests of the French petroleum group Elf, which operated in Gabon and was led by a close friend of his. M'ba was also a close friend of his; David Yates reports that M'ba could call Foccart personally, and Foccart would meet with him "at a moment's notice". French commentators, however, claimed that if they did not intervene, they would be tempting other dissidents. France had refrained from intervening in recent coups in the French Congo, Dahomey, and Togo, despite being opposed to all of them. However, the Gabon coup differed in that, they claimed, it lacked notable public support. Following the restoration of M'ba's government in Gabon, the French intervened in African coups roughly every other year. In 1995, the French Minister for Foreign Assistance Jacques Godfrain explained that Paris "will intervene each time an elected democratic power is overthrown by a coup d'état if a military cooperation agreement exists".
Shortly after de Gaulle and Foccart's meeting, French commanders Haulin and Royer were released at the request of the French Embassy. Intervention could not commence without a formal petition to the Head of State of Gabon. Since M'ba was held hostage, the French contacted the Vice President of Gabon, Paul-Marie Yembit, who had not been arrested. At the time, Yembit was in a car with U.S. ambassador Charles Darlington travelling to N'Dende. This was to officially open a school built by the Peace Corps nearby, in Yembit's birthplace of Moussambou, and completing his electoral campaign. Therefore, they decided to compose a predated letter that Yembit would later sign, confirming their intervention. They sent this to him via a small airplane, since there were no road bridges in Gabon at the time and the only way to cross a river was on a ferry. Yembit did not come back to Libreville on the plane as would be expected, but rather at 8:00 WAT on 18 February to read a statement over Radio Libreville that was likely prepared by French officials. Yembit, however, claimed that he called for French intervention while the insurgent troops held M'ba hostage; this version of the story was quickly disputed by several diplomats on the scene, as several French troops had arrived before this alleged incident.
Less than 24 hours after de Gaulle had been notified, French paratroopers stationed in Dakar and Brazzaville under General René Cogny and a General Kergaravat were notified that they were going to end the coup. This had come even before the provincial government was formed. Maurice Robert and Guy Ponsaille, who were among a group Foccart convened to discuss the French intervention, were part of the paratrooper unit. Receiving Foccart's orders to "normalize" the situation by 19 February or the next day at the latest, at 10:50 WAT on 18 February, the first 50 troops landed at the Libreville International Airport. The rebels closed the airport but failed to establish obstacles, allowing the French troops to land unharmed, albeit during a large storm. Throughout that day, more than 600 paratroopers arrived at the airport.
Sweeping through Libreville unopposed, the troops easily captured the provincial council, though they met resistance at the Baraka military base in Lambaréné when they attacked at daylight. Upon learning of the impending attack, Aubame called Cousseran and asked him what had been going on. Cousseran dodged answering the question and requested that Aubame release M'ba uninjured. After receiving the false assurance from the ambassador that the French government had no intention of restoring M'ba to power, Aubame sent out a military officer to the countryside to find the deposed president. M'ba was moved to a small village near the Albert Schweitzer Hospital. At dawn on 19 February, French Air Force planes strafed the rebels at Baraka, while the French Army attacked the insurgents with machine gun fire and mortars. The rebels at the military base promptly surrendered once their ammunition supply ran out, and their commander, Lieutenant Ndo Edou, was executed. Later, the French army managed to break through the gate to the village where M'ba was held and rescued the deposed president.
Before the end of the day, the French troops surrounded all of Libreville's public buildings. Shortly thereafter, Radio Libreville announced the surrender of the rebel forces. Kergaravat concluded his military operation on 20 February, saluting Cousseran and saying "Mission accomplie". Over its course, one French soldier was killed and 18 died on the Gabonese side. Unofficial sources said two French soldiers and 25 insurgents were killed, with more than 40 Gabonese and four French troops were wounded. The number of civilian casualties was unknown but numerous, as the straw roofs on their homes were not a good protector against aerial bullets.
Aftermath.
Immediate aftermath and riots.
France's intervention in the coup was openly applauded by the Central African Republic, Chad, Côte d'Ivoire, Madagascar, Niger, and Upper Volta. In fact, France was barely criticised at all in Africa, other than a mild response by Dahomey and one by the Democratic Republic of Congo. The matter was not discussed at the next meeting of the Council of Ministers of the OAU, held on 24 February–29 February in Lagos. The revolutionary movement in French Africa immediately retrogressed following the coup.
M'ba was returned to Libreville on 21 February. Shortly after his arrival, the 10:00 pm curfew that had been imposed by the French was lifted, and some stores were reopened. Squads of officials, known as "les gorilles", travelled through Libreville and arrested any suspected M'ba opposers. After his reinstatement, M'ba refused to believe that the coup was directed against his regime, instead considering it to be a conspiracy against the state. Nonetheless, following the coup M'ba dismissed every soldier in the army and started recruiting new men.
On 1 March, however, anti-government demonstrations began, with protesters shouting "Léon M'ba, président des Français!" ("Léon M'ba, President of the French!") and calling for the end of the "dictatorship". Originating in Libreville, these demonstrations spread to Port-Gentil and N'Dende and lasted into the summer. When 1,000 pro-government demonstrators responded by shouting "Long Live Léon M'ba" outside the presidential palace, they were attacked by dissidents. Among the pro-government demonstrators were an opposition member, Martine Oyane, who had been forcefully undressed following her arrest, beaten by the police, paraded naked throughout Libreville, and forced to shout "Long Live Léon M'ba". At the height of these demonstrations, 3,000 to 4,000 Gabonese protested throughout central Libreville. Protesters also took their anger out against the French in Gabon, stoning more than 30 cars belonging to Frenchmen and chanting "Go home, go home!" This rioting was so intense that M'ba announced that whoever went to work would not be paid. The French reacted to these incidents by swinging rifle butts and throwing grenades. The crowds responded by throwing bottles and stones, though they were put down soon after. There were no reports of injured protesters, despite orders to the Gabonese police that they fire at protesters on sight.
Allegations of U.S. involvement.
Some Gabonese mistakenly identified the United States as a co-conspirator in the coup. "Time" asserted that French officials helped spread the rumor of American involvement. This reached a point which some automobile stations refused to help Darlington and other Americans. After William F. Courtney, deputy chief of the United States Embassy, received a call from a man identifying himself as DuPont and threatening an imminent attack, a hand grenade exploded outside the embassy. The explosion, which occurred at a time when the building was closed and locked on 3 March, resulted in damage to the embassy sign and the cracking of two windows.
Following the bombing, French Gabonese made more threatening phone calls to the embassy. A second bomb exploded at the embassy two nights later, causing no damage. A drive-by shooting, during which at least five rounds of buckshot were fired from a 12-gauge automatic shotgun, riddled the second story windows with over 30 holes. It is likely that its perpetrators were French, as Gabonese have no access to grenades. Following the second bombing a car containing white men was noticed, driving through otherwise empty Shore Boulevard. At the time, practically the only white men in Gabon were French.
Two Gabonese policemen were assigned to protect the building, and M'ba ordered an investigation into the bombings. He denounced the allegations against Americans, saying:
Many of these attacks against Americans were against Darlington personally. His son Christopher was hit by a grenade in July, though it did not detonate. The ambassador resigned his post on 26 July. It was not until 14 August 1965 that David M. Bane replaced him.
1964 elections.
Despite these incidents, legislative elections planned before the coup were held in April 1964. They were originally to be held on 23 February, though he dissolved the National Assembly and rescheduled them for 12 April. Upon insistence of the French, M'ba allowed opposition candidates to run, which it claimed was the main reason for starting the coup in the first place. However, their leaders were barred from participating because of their involvement in the coup, and known anti-Mba organizers were deported to remote parts of the country. In addition, M'ba was known to have bribed voters with banknotes.
France closely followed the election, deporting a Peace Corps teacher. The UDSG disappeared from the political scene, and M'ba's opposition was composed of parties that lacked national focus and maintained only regional or pro-democracy platforms. Nevertheless, the opposition garnered 46% of the vote and 16 of 47 seats in the assembly, while the BDG received 54% of the vote and 31 seats. The opposition disputed this, and held strikes across the country, though these did not have a sizable impact on business.
Lambaréné trial and rest of M'ba's term.
Aubame and Gondjout fled Libreville, but were captured sometime before 20 February. Most of the other rebels took refuge at the U.S. Embassy, though they were soon discovered and brought to jail. That August, a trial of the military rebels and provisional government was opened in Lambaréné. A "state of precations" was imposed, which decreed that local government kept surveillance on suspected troublemakers and, if necessary, order curfew, while special permits were required to travel through the town. The trial was held in a school building overlooking the Ogooue River, which was near Albert Schweitzer's hospital. Space at the hearing was limited, so members of the public were disallowed from attending. Permits were required to attend the trial, and family members were restricted to one permit each. Press coverage was limited, and journalists were allowed only if they represented a high-profile news agency. In addition, there were restrictions on the defence of the accused.
The prosecution called 64 separate witnesses. Essone, Mbene, and Aubame claimed that their involvement in the coup was due to a lack of development in the Gabonese army. Judge Leon Auge, the judge in the case, said that if "that is the only reason for your coup d'état, you deserve a severe penalty." Essone said that almost all Gabonese military officers knew of an imminent coup beforehand, while Aubame affirmed his position that he did not participate in its planning. According to him, he formed the provisional government in a constitutional manner, and at the request of some "putschists". He reasoned that the French intervention was effectively an illegal act of interference, an assertion which Gondjout and the former education minister, Jean Mare Ekoh, shared. Ekoh had served as Foreign Minister during the coup. The Gabonese actor said that it should be the French troops being tried, not he and his comrades: "If we'd been able to put up a few more Gabonese soldiers against the French, we'd have won — and we shouldn't be here today."
On 9 September, without consulting M'ba, Leon Auge handed down a verdict which acquitted both Ekoh and Gondjout; although the charges carried the death sentence as a maximum. Aubame was sentenced to 10 years of hard labor and 10 years of exile on a remote island off Settecama, down the coast of Gabon, as were most criminals of the case. He was not particularly popular during his political career, though according to "Time", his arrest "ballooned him to heroic proportions in the eyes of the aroused public". While serving his 10 years of labor, he was beaten regularly by prison guards. Besides Aubame, M'ba imprisoned more than 150 of his opponents, most of whom were sentenced to 20 years of hard labor. These included the two officers and Aubame's nephew, Pierre Eyeguet, a former ambassador to the United Kingdom. The actor and the doctor were given 10 years of imprisonment each. While appealing for peace on 18 February, he pledged "no pardon or pity" to his enemies, but rather "total punishment".
Two years after the coup there was still open repression of dissent in Gabon. Following these events M'ba became increasingly reclusive, staying in his presidential palace protected by French troops known as the "Clan des Gabonais". Not even Yembit was close to him, but Foccart's friends Ponsaille and Robert "were never far" from M'ba, according to Pean, and provided the aging president with counseling and advice. M'ba was, however, still convinced of his popularity. Three years later, M'ba was diagnosed with cancer, and he died on 28 November 1967. After M'ba's death, French-supported Bongo succeeded him as president, and released Aubame in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="18737490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737490" title="Zhang Lei (fencer)">
Zhang Lei (fencer)

Zhang Lei (born 23 March 1979 in Nanjing, Jiangsu) is a female Chinese foil fencer. She competed at the 2000 and 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18737510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737510" title="Huang Haiyang">
Huang Haiyang

Huang Haiyang (; born 1985-11-01 in Xuzhou, Jiangsu) is a female Chinese sabre fencer. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18737518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737518" title="Bao Yingying">
Bao Yingying

Bao Yingying (; born 6 November 1983 in Qidong, Nantong, Jiangsu) is a female Chinese sabre fencer, who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18737528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737528" title="BLU-114/B &quot;Soft-Bomb&quot;">
BLU-114/B &quot;Soft-Bomb&quot;

The BLU-114/B is a special-purpose munition for attacking electrical power infrastructure. Although very little is known about this highly classified weapon, reportedly it functions by dispensing a number of submunitions which in turn disperse large numbers of chemically treated graphite filaments which short-circuit electrical power distribution equipment such as transformers and substations. The weapon is sometimes referred to as a "soft bomb" since its effects are largely confined to the targeted electrical power facility, with minimal risk of collateral damage.
History and usage.
This previously undisclosed weapon, carried by the F-117 Nighthawk, was used for the first time on 2 May 1999 as part of Operation Allied Force strikes against Serbia. Following these attacks lights went out over 70 per cent of the country. The munition was subsequently used on the night of 7 May 1999 to counter Serbian efforts to restore damage caused by the initial attack. 
Similar in concept to the Kit-2 Tomahawk sea-launched cruise missile warhead used in the opening days of the Gulf War, few details of either weapons can be established on an unclassified basis. The missiles, packed with bomblets filled with small spools of carbon-fibre wire, deprived Iraq of 85% of its generating capacity. During the Gulf War, Iraq responded to the use of this type of munition by disconnecting electrical power grid circuit breakers. Attacks on Iraqi power facilities shut down their effective operation and eventually collapsed the national power grid. Coalition planners in the theater initially directed that the switching system be targeted, rather than the generator halls. For the first three days, the Air Tasking Order explicitly contained specific aimpoints for strikes against electrical production facilities. Subsequently the specific aimpoints were only sporadically included. When wing-level planners lacked specific guidance on which aimpoints to hit at electrical power plants, they sometimes chose to target generator halls, which are among the aimpoints listed in standard targeting manuals. 
The BLU-114/B detonates over its target and disperses huge numbers of fine carbon filaments, each far smaller than the crude wire spools used in the Gulf War. The filaments are only a few hundredths of an inch thick and can float in the air like a dense cloud. When the carbon fiber filaments dispensed from the BLU-114/B submunition contact transformers and other high voltage equipment, a short circuit occurs and an electric arc is often created when the current flows through the fiber, which is vaporized. The graphite, which is a conductor of electric current, is probably coated with other materials to enhance these effects. At the spot where the electric field is strongest, a discharge is initiated, and electrons rapidly form an ionised channel that conducts electricity. At this stage current can flow and an arc forms. This causes instantaneous local melting of a certain amount of the material at the surface of the two conductors. If the current involved is strong enough, these arcs can cause injury or start a fire. Fires can also be started by overheated equipment or by conductors that carry too much current. Extremely high-energy arcs can cause an explosion that sends fragmented metal flying in all directions. 
Although specific details remain classified, and the Pentagon has explicitly declined to provide any information on this munition, it is probably the case the unit cost of the munition is comparable to that of the Joint Standoff Attack Weapon or the CBU-97/CBU-105 Sensor Fuzed Weapon—in the range of several hundred thousand dollars. The relative simplicity of the concept and the potential to utilize components from other munitions probably allowed relatively low development costs. 
The BLU-114/B designation refers to the special purpose submunition, rather than the entire weapon system. It is certainly the case that this submunition is carried to the target area by some dispenser system, of the sort that typically delivers other such submunitions.

</doc>
<doc id="18737539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737539" title="Ni Hong">
Ni Hong

Ni Hong (; born 1986-02-28 in Beijing) is a female Chinese sabre fencer, who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18737542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737542" title="Võilaid">
Võilaid

Võilaid is a small, uninhabited island in the Baltic Sea belonging to the country of Estonia. Its coordinates are .
Võilaid lies southeast of the Estonian island of Muhu in the Gulf of Riga. The island is 2.5 hectares and uninhabited. In the spring and summer months, the island is used for grazing livestock and horseback riding excursions. The highest point is 3.6 m above the sea level. At low tides the water level is shallow enough to enable passage to the island of Muhu by foot.
Võilaid, along with other areas in Estonia such as: Manilaid, Kihnu, Ruhnu, Harilaid, Käina, Kassari, Saarnaki laid, Saastna, Salmi, Penijõe, Põgari-Sassi, Haeska, Kumari, Tahu were selected by the LIFE-Nature project's "Boreal Baltic Coastal Meadow Preservation in Estonia" as having the most viable coastal meadows in the country.
The island was named after the village Võiküla on the island of Muhu. Together with Muhu and the neighbouring small lands of Kesselaid, Viirelaid and Suurlaid it forms Muhu Parish (Estonian: "Muhu vald"), the rural municipality within Saare County.

</doc>
<doc id="18737546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737546" title="The Illusion (album)">
The Illusion (album)

The Illusion is a 1969 album by The Illusion. It was released on the Steed Records label and reached #69 in the Billboard album charts and stayed in the charts for 27 weeks. An edited version of the album's first track, "Did You See Her Eyes", reached #32 on the Billboard single charts.
Personnel.
Source: The Illusion "The Illusion" album cover
Album cover photograph by Joel Brodsky

</doc>
<doc id="18737558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737558" title="Catchment Management Authority (Victoria)">
Catchment Management Authority (Victoria)

The Catchment Management Authorities (CMAs) were established in Victoria, Catchment and Land Protection Act 1994. Originally known as Catchment and Land Protection Boards, the CMAs were changed to their present name in 1997.
Catchment management authorities are unique because the area they govern corresponds to the naturally occurring drainage basins, enabling integrated catchment management. 
There are 10 CMAs covering the whole of Victoria:
Every 5 years the CMAs are required under Section 12 of the Act, to produce a regional catchment strategy. A regional catchment strategy is a statement of how the CMA plans to manage its region over the coming 5 years and is developed with the principals of integrated catchment management. It should cover the condition of the land and water, assess land degradation and prioritise areas for attention, set out a program of works to be undertaken and who will be undertaking the works, specify how the works and land and water condition will be monitored and provide for review of the strategy. The regional catchment strategy can also undertake to provide incentives to landholders, educational programs, research and other services.

</doc>
<doc id="18737565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737565" title="Villa Vásquez">
Villa Vásquez

Villa Vásquez is a town in the Monte Cristi province of the Dominican Republic.
Population.
Villa Vasquez (Dominican Republic)
Population: • Total population according to the" 'Census of 2002'": 20,784.
• 10,596 men
• 10,188 women
• Urban 16,353 hab.
• Density 64.3 inh. / Km ²
The Municipality of" 'Villa Vasquez, in the Dominican historical events and always for political reasons, has changed its name many times. It is one of the most dynamic economic area, the product of its large farming and ranching.
History.
"Formerly known as Santa Ana (for many Santana), but after years of hegemony of Horacio Vásquez Dominican political life, Villa Vásquez was named after the leader said. No.1055 Law of December 14, 1935 changed its name to Demetrio Rodriguez to honor the jaunty overall flower Juan Gomez.
"Two years later the law No.1385 of September 17, 1937 changed the designation by Villa Isabel, one of the major landowners in the area and at that time, confident of the dictator Trujillo.
"On June 20, 1938 by Law No.1521, Villa Isabel became Municipality of Montecristi. For the year 1960 was designated Peña Villa Lucas Evangelista and 1962 turned to be called Villa Vasquez as hitherto known . village vasquez was formed in January 1939.el villa vasquez trustee was Erique Vasquez montecristeno. decree vasquez village was constituted by teal. happens in the year 1944 the insendio of Villa Vasquez.
From 1929 to 1932, the Finnish Utopian community of Viljavakka was located here.  At its peak the community had 140 inhabitants mostly from Vyborg and Vaasa.  The community was intended to grow rice but very few colonists had farming background and growing rice in the Caribbean wasn't easy.  The Great Depression was the final straw.  By 1932, most were either returning home with money borrowed from family or moving to other parts of the Dominican Republic.  
Geography.
The municipality of Villa Vasquez has a land area of 222.88 square kilometers. Divided into three sections and 17 townships.
Education.
The number of schools registered for that date was 23 with 85 classrooms, including inical level, primary and secondary.
Two health centers with 9 doctors and 14 nurses.
For the year 1993 there were 6413 people registered as voters.
also has three polyclinics in various neighborhoods, such as the polyclinic hope, medical clinic and polyclinic colony of south
Economy.
The agricultural area of 60,200 domestic tasks, with 449 rural settlements.
The main crop is rice, but also has large tracts of land devoted to various crops such as onions, peppers, cassava and especially to cattle sheep and goats.
illa Vásquez also has two cemeteries, a police of the 35 companies, one guzgado, a municipal hospital, a fire department, a Catholic church, and five meetinghouses for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).

</doc>
<doc id="18737569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737569" title="List of Barack Obama presidential campaign staff members, 2008">
List of Barack Obama presidential campaign staff members, 2008

List of persons holding prominent positions within the Barack Obama presidential primary campaign, 2008.
According to an August 2008 statement by Deputy Campaign Manager Steve Hildebrand, the Obama campaign had "large-scale operations in 22 states, medium operations in many others, and small staffs in only a handful of states," with several thousand paid operatives on the ground between Obama staff and Democratic Party staff. That month, these numbers included "about 200 paid staffers working in Florida and more on the way, 90 in Michigan with plans to expand to 200 by August, at least 200 each eventually in Pennsylvania and Ohio, and 50 in Missouri with plans to expand to 150."
Inner circle.
The vice presidential search committee included:
Early advisors.
An early 2007 article in the "Chicago Sun-Times" lists the following persons in Obama's White House team:
Other key staff positions filled internally and from rival campaigns after the primaries included:
Foreign policy.
By July 2008 the Obama campaign had some 300 persons working on foreign policy, and organized along bureaucratic lines like a "miniature State Department." Notable among these people are:
Former Hillary Clinton supporters:

</doc>
<doc id="18737585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737585" title="8 cm FK M 18">
8 cm FK M 18

The 8 cm Feldkanone M 18 was a field gun used by Austria-Hungary during World War I. The initial guns used the standard Austro-Hungarian 76.5 mm caliber, but testing was underway for the heavier 83.5 mm version when the war ended. However, only six guns had been delivered by the end of World War I. Its post-war service is unclear, but it seems that it served in small numbers with the Austrian Army, although it doesn't appear that the Germans placed it into service following the Anschluss, possibly because it used non-standard ammunition. Gander and Chamberlain don't list it in their book, but the older work by Chamberlain and Gander claims it saw service with the German Army as the 8 cm leichte Feldkanone 18(ö).
It was a far more innovative design than Skoda's 8 cm FK M. 17. The carriage of the M 18 had a bent axle which allowed the whole carriage to traverse since the spade pivoted around a vertical pin, so that neither the spade nor the wheels had to be moved to traverse. For use in mountains it could be fitted with a special narrow set of wheels. For transport it broke down into three animal carts.

</doc>
<doc id="18737594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737594" title="Thomas James McAvoy">
Thomas James McAvoy

Thomas James McAvoy (b. 1938 in Johnson City, NY) is a federal judge for the U.S. District Court, Northern District of New York. Judge McAvoy graduated from Villanova University with an A.B. in 1960 and Albany Law School with a J.D. in 1964. He was nominated to the court by President Ronald Reagan on January 29, 1986, to a new seat created by 98 Stat. 333, he was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 3, 1986, and received his commission on March 4, 1986. He served as chief judge from 1993 to 2000 and assumed senior status on September 17, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18737608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737608" title="Center for Technology and Systems Management">
Center for Technology and Systems Management

The Center for Technology and Systems Management (CTSM) is a research center at the A. James Clark School of Engineering of the University of Maryland, College Park, United States. Established in 1996, the center includes both University of Maryland faculty and staff and external associates. It is involved in research in systems engineering, including functional modeling, technology forecasting, and assessment; human and organizational factors; expert opinion elicitation; reliability, risk, and uncertainty analysis; failure, crash and accident investigation, including forensic engineering; information technology; project management including network optimization and equilibrium problems; and robotics, automation, control and intelligent systems. 
The CTSM "develops technologies and creatively utilize sophisticated analytical tools to meet a set of objectives for decision situations relating to various systems, such as defense, homeland security, maritime, infrastructure, facility, health, intelligent and equipment systems." The CTSM trains graduate students and researchers. [http://ctsm.umd.edu/aboutUs.php]
Professor Bilal M. Ayyub is the director of the Center. [http://ctsm.umd.edu/personnel.php]

</doc>
<doc id="18737609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737609" title="M. Hopkins">
M. Hopkins

M. Hopkins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18737633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737633" title="Arizona State Sun Devils men's basketball">
Arizona State Sun Devils men's basketball

The Arizona State Sun Devils men's basketball team is the basketball team that represents Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona, United States. The school's team currently competes in the Pacific-12 Conference. 
The Arizona State Sun Devils have appeared in the NCAA Tournament 13 times, including 3 Elite Eights (1961, 1963, 1975). They have won 8 conference championships (4 WAC and 4 BOR) and finished in the final AP rankings 7 times. The highest national ranking the Sun Devils have achieved was #3 under Ned Wulk during the 1980–81 season when the starting lineup included Byron Scott, Fat Lever, and Alton Lister. Ned Wulk was the men's basketball coach from 1958 to 1982 and remains the most successful coach in the history of the program with a record of 406 – 272 (.599). 
Arizona State appeared in the NAIA Men's Basketball National Tournament two years (1948 and 1953). Both years losing in the second round, leaving the NAIA with a tournament record of 2–2.
Herb Sendek is the current head coach of the Sun Devils. Sendek stepped down as head coach of the North Carolina State Wolfpack and accepted the head coaching job at Arizona State in 2006. During a somewhat successful career in Raleigh, Sendek took the Wolfpack to five consecutive NCAA Tournaments and also won ACC coach of the year in 2004. Sendek was credited for bringing a "basketball atmosphere" and level of excitement to the ASU campus that had been absent for years. In his first four seasons at ASU, Sendek led the Sun Devils to three consecutive 20 win seasons, the 2009 Pac-10 conference tournament finals, and the second round of the NCAA tournament.
Thirty-six ASU Sun Devils have been selected in the NBA Draft, including James Harden, Byron Scott, Isaac Austin, Lafayette Lever, Alton Lister, Lionel Hollins, Sam Williams, Jeff Pendergraph, Stevin "Hedake" Smith, Mario Bennett, Tommy Smith, Ike Diogu, Eddie House. Freddie Lewis, and Joe Caldwell. 
Record vs. Pac-12 opponents.
Arizona State has the following all-time series records vs. Pac-12 opponents. They lead three opponents series and are just even with the California Bears.
Postseason results.
NCAA Tournament results.
The Sun Devils have appeared in the NCAA Tournament 13 times. Their combined record is 13–14.
NIT results.
The Sun Devils have appeared in the National Invitation Tournament (NIT) 12 times. Their combined record is 6–12.

</doc>
<doc id="18737639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737639" title="Úlfljótsvatn Scout Center">
Úlfljótsvatn Scout Center

Úlfljótsvatn Scout Center is the national Scout center of Bandalag íslenskra skáta, the "Icelandic Scout and Guides Association". 
It is situated by Lake Úlfljótsvatn, which lies just south of Lake Þingvallavatn. It is located approximately 70 km east of Reykjavík
Various events take place there, such as Scout camps, Jamborees, courses and summer camps. It has a couple of buildings, including "KSÚ", "DSÚ", the "JB-building", the "Green Revolution" and a 10 meter high tower for climbing and abseiling. It also has a big camping place which can host up to 5000 people.
The European Scout and Guide event Roverway 2009 took place at Úlfljótsvatn Scout Center.
The centre will host the upcoming 2017 15th World Scout Moot.

</doc>
<doc id="18737641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737641" title="Târgu Bujor">
Târgu Bujor

Târgu Bujor is a town in Galați County, Romania. It administers two villages, Moscu and Umbrăreşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18737649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737649" title="Berești">
Berești

Bereşti is a town in Galați County, Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="18737683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737683" title="One Sport">
One Sport

One Sport is a division of TVNZ which airs many of the sports telecasts in New Zealand.
One Sport broadcasts programs like the "ASB Classic", "Heineken Open", "Commonwealth Games" and the "America's Cup". They previously held the rights to live coverage of the international rugby union until 1996, live cricket matches until 1999, the Olympic Games until 2008 and the Commonwealth Games until 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18737715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737715" title="Liu Renwang">
Liu Renwang

Liu Renwang (; born July 22, 1986 in Beijing), is a male Chinese judoka who will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Extra lightweight (under 60 kg) event.

</doc>
<doc id="18737720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737720" title="Shoop (song)">
Shoop (song)

"Shoop" was the lead single released from Salt-n-Pepa's fourth studio album, "Very Necessary". It was produced by Mark Sparks and group member Cheryl "Salt" James.
Released late in 1993, the song became one of the group's most successful singles, reaching number four on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and topping the Hot Rap Singles chart at number one (their second single to do so). Two months after its release, "Shoop" was certified gold by the RIAA for sales of 500,000 copies. The success of both this single and the follow-up single, "Whatta Man" propelled "Very Necessary" to sell over five million copies in the US, becoming the group's best selling album.
This song uses a sample of “I'm Blue” by The Sweet Inspirations.

</doc>
<doc id="18737729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737729" title="Neal Peters McCurn">
Neal Peters McCurn

Neal Peters McCurn (b. 1926 in Syracuse, NY) is a federal judge for the U.S. District Court, Northern District of New York. Judge McCurn graduated from Syracuse University with an A.B. in 1950 and Syracuse University College of Law with an LL.B. in 1952. He was nominated to the court by President Jimmy Carter on September 28, 1979, to a new seat created by 92 Stat. 1629, confirmed by the United States Senate on October 31, 1979, and received his commission on November 2, 1979. He served as chief judge from 1988 to 1993 and assumed senior status on April 6, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18737749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737749" title="Wu Ritubilige">
Wu Ritubilige

Wu Ritubilige (born 1987-10-05 in Ulanqab, Inner Mongolia) is a male Chinese judoka who will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Half lightweight (60–66 kg) event.

</doc>
<doc id="18737756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737756" title="Midland Conference (IHSAA)">
Midland Conference (IHSAA)

History.
The conference was formed in 1971 with 6 schools: Bethany Christian, Divine Heart, Huntington Catholic, Kewanna, Wawasee Prep, and White's. Divine Child left after the first year, and was replaced by Marion Bennett in 1973-74. Wawassee Prep closed in 1975, leaving the conference at 5 until 1981. That year, Kewanna was consolidated into Caston Jr.-Sr. High School, and Bethany Christian became independent. The remaining schools (Huntington Catholic, Marion Bennett, and White's) put the conference on hiatus until 1984-85, when Fort Wayne Christian (later Fort Wayne Keystone) and Howe Military joined. This only lasted one season, as Fort Wayne Canterbury replaced the closing Huntington Catholic. Bethany Christian joined for the 1987-88 school year, and were replaced by Lakeview Christian in 1988. Once Marion Bennett closed in 1993, the conference entered its most stable lineup, not changing until Lakewood Park Christian joined in 2000. Canterbury left in 2002, followed by Lakewood Park leaving in 2009, leaving four schools. Keystone closed after the 2009-10 school year, and with Howe, Lakeview, and White's unable to find replacement schools, the conference disbanded after that season.

</doc>
<doc id="18737781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737781" title="Si Rijigawa">
Si Rijigawa

Si Rijigawa (; born 1986-10-08 in Inner Mongolia) is a male Chinese judoka who will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Lightweight (66–73 kg) event.

</doc>
<doc id="18737782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737782" title="Howard G. Munson">
Howard G. Munson

Howard G. Munson (born July 26, 1924 in Claremont, New Hampshire, d. October 5, 2008 in Syracuse, New York) was a federal judge for the U.S. District Court, Northern District of New York. Judge Munson graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a B.S. in 1948 and the Syracuse University College of Law with an LL.B. in 1952. He was nominated to the court by Gerald Ford on August 26, 1976, to a seat vacated by Edmund H. Port, was confirmed by the United States Senate on September 23, 1976, and received his commission on October 4, 1976. He served as chief judge from 1980 to 1988, assumed senior status on November 5, 1990 and retired in May 2008. Judge Munson died at age 84, five months after retiring from the bench where he served for more than 32 years.
Langdon case.
One of Judge Munson’s most controversial cases appears in the book "Scandal in the Courtroom, Found Guilty without Trial". It was a civil rights suit to recover damages from the malicious prosecution of Frank Langdon for arson, 89-cv-1400. Munson ruled that Frank Langdon could not sue for damages because his arrest was proper due to the existence of a confession. The Langdon case was compromised when the law firm defending him became County Attorneys for Columbia County. They had been asked to sue for damages prior to their appointment. According to the book that remains unchallenged, the charges in the criminal case were dropped before trial when District Attorney Paul Czajka discovered the Sheriff, Paul Proper, established a badly burned man started the fire. Langdon’s arrest had been based on a statement the police wrote that he was forced to sign without the presence of a lawyer after he had requested he be taken home from the Sheriff’s office. Miranda had not been administered.
Judge Munson’s decision Frank Langdon signed a confession admitting to arson provide the police with a scapegoat as the serial arsonist continued to burn building. The result was Frank Langdon was forced from the community and his father, Grant Langdon was denied financing, resulting the loss of the family farm on the courthouse steps. Grant Langdon moved to Ohio with just $200 in his pocket and filed 05:98-cv-00173 "pro se". Munson again threw the case out of court, but a motion was made for sanctions against the lawyers who were all aware of the investigation that cleared Frank Langdon of any crime. The case was filed in Syracuse and made answerable in Albany on Judge Munson’s regular court date. Langdon drove from Ohio to Albany to find an empty courtroom. Judge Munson later said there was no record of the motion in Syracuse, although Albany had answering papers on file. Langdon filed affidavits and a request to impeach Judge Munson for altering court records shortly before the Judge resigned.
This can be verified by Rep. Jean Schmidt, R-Cincinnati. Her office sent the request to impeach Judge Munson to the House of Representatives Judiciary Committee for indictment.
Decision in 89-cv-1400 handed down in Albany June 24, 1991. Recorded by Theresa J. Berical. Judge Munson first denied that the statement written by Investigator Cozzolino needed to be heard at trial. No hearing was allowed where Frank Langdon could testify and his accuser could be questioned. After ruling the statement was a confession he made his decision final. Grant Langdon then addressed the court telling about the exculpatory evidence and his suspect, George Pitcher. He told how Sheriff Proper told about a suspect that was a fireman and sent to arson school failed a lie detector test and that Sheriff Proper wanted to shut him up because he talked to the New York Times reporter. Munson than kept his decision final and seemed to suggest Langdon sue his lawyer if he didn't like his decision.

</doc>
<doc id="18737783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737783" title="Alleged Lunatics' Friend Society">
Alleged Lunatics' Friend Society

The Alleged Lunatics' Friend Society was an advocacy group started by former asylum patients and their supporters in 19th century Britain. The Society campaigned for greater protection against wrongful confinement or cruel and improper treatment, and for reform of the lunacy laws. The Society is recognized today as a pioneer of the psychiatric survivors movement.
Background.
There was concern in the United Kingdom in the 19th century about wrongful confinement in private madhouses, or asylums, and the mistreatment of patients, with tales of such abuses appearing in newspapers and magazines. The Madhouses Act 1774 had introduced a process of certification and a system for licensing and inspecting private madhouses, but had been ineffectual in reducing abuses or allaying public anxiety. Doctors in the 19th century were establishing themselves as arbiters of sanity but were reliant on subjective diagnoses and tended to equate insanity with eccentric or immoral behaviour. Public suspicion of their motives was also aroused by the profits that were made from private madhouses.
In 1838, Richard Paternoster, a former civil servant in the East India Company, was discharged after 41 days in a London madhouse (William Finch's madhouse at Kensington) having been detained following a disagreement with his father over money. Once free, he published, via his solicitors, a letter in The Times announcing his release. The letter was read by John Perceval, a son of prime minister Spencer Perceval. Perceval had spent three years in two of the most expensive private asylums in England, Brislington House in Bristol, run by Quaker Edward Long Fox, and Ticehurst Asylum in Sussex. His treatment had been brutal in the Brislington House; at Ticehurst the regime was more humane but his release had been delayed. Perceval contacted Paternoster and they were soon joined by several former patients and others: William Bailey (an inventor and business man who had spent several years in madhouses); Lewis Phillips (a glassware manufacturer who had been incarcerated in Thomas Warburton's asylum); John Parkin (a surgeon and former asylum patient); Captain Richard Saumarez (whose father was the surgeon Richard Saumarez and whose two brothers were Chancery lunatics); and Luke James Hansard (a philanthropist from the family of parliamentary printers). This group was to form the core of the Alleged Lunatics' Friend Society, although the Society would not be formally founded until 1845.
The group began their campaign by sending letters to the press, lobbying Members of Parliament (MPs) and government officials, and publishing pamphlets. John Perceval was elected to the Board of Poor Law Guardians in the parish of Kensington (although he was opposed to the New Poor Law) and was able to join magistrates on their visits of inspection to asylums. Richard Paternoster and Lewis Phillips brought court cases against the people who had incarcerated them. John Perceval published two books about his experience. Richard Paternoster wrote a series of articles for "The Satirist" magazine; these were published in 1841 as a book called "The Madhouse System".
Formation.
On July 7, 1845, Richard Paternoster, John Perceval, and a number of others formed the Alleged Lunatics' Friend Society. A pamphlet published in March the following year set out the aims with which the Society was founded:
At a meeting of several Gentlemen feeling deeply interested in behalf of their fellow-creatures, subjected to confinement as lunatic patients.
It was unanimously resolved:...
That this Society is formed for the protection of the British subject from unjust confinement, on the grounds of mental derangement, and for the redress of persons so confined; also for the protection of all persons confined as lunatic patients from cruel and improper treatment.
That this Society will receive applications from persons complaining of being unjustly treated, or from their friends, aid them in obtaining legal advice, and otherwise assist and afford them all proper protection.
That the Society will endeavour to procure a reform in the laws and treatment affecting the arrest, detention, and release of persons treated as of unsound mind...
John Perceval was listed as the honorary secretary, Luke James Hansard as treasurer, and Henry F. Richardson as honorary solicitor (Gilbert Bolden would later become the Society's lawyer). Sixteen vice-presidents included both Tory and Liberal MPs; notable amongst them was the radical MP for Finsbury, Thomas Duncombe. New legislation, championed by Lord Ashley, was being introduced in parliament (the Lunacy Act and County Asylums Act) and the creation of a formal society put the group in a better position to influence legislators. Four days after the Society was founded Thomas Duncombe spoke in the House of Commons, arguing for the postponement of new legislation pending a select committee of inquiry, and detailing a number of cases of wrongful confinement that had come to the Society's attention. The legislation however went ahead, and the Society would have to wait until 1859 for an inquiry, although the Society's supporters in parliament managed to secure a number of clauses to safeguard patients in the 1845 Act.
Although the Society had influential supporters such as Thomas Duncombe and Thomas Wakley (surgeon, radical MP for Finsbury and coroner), they did not gain widespread public support, probably never having more than sixty members and relying upon their own money for funding. A critical article in "The Times" of 1846 revealed the views and prejudices that the Society would have to counter:
"We can scarcely understand what such a society can propose to accomplish... There have been, no doubt, many cases of grievous oppression in which actual lunatics have been treated with cruelty, and those who are only alleged to be insane have been most unlawfully imprisoned... These, however, are evils to be checked by the law and not tampered with... by a body of private individuals... Some of the names we have seen announced suggest to us the possibility that the promoters of this scheme are not altogether free from motives of self-preservation. There is no objection to a set of gentlemen joining together in this manner for their own protection... but we think they should be satisfied to take care of themselves, without tendering their services to all who happen to be in the same position."
John Perceval replied that the law afforded patients insufficient protection, and that the Society existed to give legal advice to individuals and draw the government's attention to abuses as well as to encourage a more general discussion about the nature of insanity. In response to the article's reference to the fact that several members of the Society had been patients in asylums, Perceval had this to say:
"I would remind the writer of that article, that men are worthy of confidence in the province of their own experience, and as the wisest and best of mankind hold the tenure of their health and reasoning faculties on the will of an Inscrutable Providence, and great wits to madness are allied, he will do well to consider that their fate may be his own, and to assist them in saving others in future from like injustice and cruelties, which the ignorance of the fondest relations may expose patients to, as well as the malice of their enemies."
Social worker Nicholas Hervey, who has written the most extensive history of the Alleged Lunatics' Friend Society, suggested that a number of factors may have contributed to the lack of wider public support, namely: alignment with radical political circles; endorsement of localist views, rather than support of the Lunacy Commission's centralism; fearless exposure of upper-class sensibilities regarding privacy on matters concerning insanity, thus alienating wealthy potential supporters; attacks on the new forms of moral treatment in asylums (what John Perceval referred to as "repression by mildness and coaxing").
Achievements.
As well as lobbying parliament and campaigning through the media and public meetings, during the next twenty years or so the Society took up the cases of at least seventy patients, including he following examples:
Not all the Society's cases were successful:
The Society was successful in drawing attention to abuses in a number of asylums. Notable amongst these was Bethlem Hospital, which, as a charitable institution, had been exempt from inspection under the 1845 Lunacy Act. The help of the Society was enlisted by patients and they persuaded the home secretary to allow the Commissioners in Lunacy to inspect the asylum. The Commissioner's critical report in 1852 led to reforms. Together with magistrate Purnell Bransby Purnell, the Society ran a campaign to expose abuses in asylums in Gloucestershire.
One of the aims of the Society had always been to persuade parliament to conduct a committee of inquiry into the lunacy laws. This, after numerous petitions, they finally achieved in 1859. John Perceval, Admiral Saumarez, Gilbert Bolden and Anne Tottenham (a patient they had rescued from Effra House Asylum) gave evidence to the committee. The results were disappointing; the committee made a number of recommendations in their 1860 report but these were not put into place.
Legacy.
The Society's activities appear to have come to an end in 1860s. Admiral Saumarez died in 1866, and Gilbert Bolden had a young family and moved to Birmingham. In 1862 John Perceval wrote a letter to the magazine John Bull:
"I am sorry to say that this Society is so little supported, in spite of the great good it has done, and is in consequence so entirely disorganised, that I have repeatedly proposed to the committee that we should agree to a dissolution of it, and I have only consented to continue acting with them, and to lend my name to what is rather a myth than a reality, from their representation that however insignificant we were, we had still been able to effect a great deal of good, and might still be further successful..."
Nicholas Hervey concluded:
"The Society's importance lies in the wide panorama of ideas it laid before Shaftesbury's Board. Unrestrained by the traditions of bureaucratic office, it was free to explore a variety of alternatives for care of the insane, many of which were too visionary or impolitic to stand a chance of implementation. The difficulty it faced was the blinkered perspective of the Commission and of Shaftesbury in particular... it would not be an exaggeration of the Society's worth to say that patients' rights, asylum care, and medical accountability all suffered with its demise in the 1860s."
The cause for lunacy law reform was taken up by Louisa Lowe's Lunacy Law Reform Association, whose aims were very similar to those of the Alleged Lunatics' Friend Society. In more recent years the Society has been recognised as a pioneer of advocacy and the psychiatric survivors movement.

</doc>
<doc id="18737799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737799" title="Strategic defence">
Strategic defence

A Strategic defence is a type of military planning doctrine and a set of combat activities used for the purpose of deterring, resisting and repelling a strategic offensive, conducted as either a territorial or airspace invasion, or a naval offensive to interrupt shipping lane traffic as a form of economic warfare. Strategic defensive need not be passive in nature, and often involves military deception, propaganda and psychological warfare, as well as pre-emptive strategies. All forms of military force are included in the planning, and often civil defence organisations are also included.
In terms of military theory, strategic defensive thinking seeks to understand and appreciate the theoretical and historical background to any given war and conflict scenario facing the decision-makers at the national level. The requirement of the decision makers for the strategic defence analysts is usually for providing a detailed understanding of strategic and defence issues of relevance to the national and regional relations and intentions.
Some of the more common issues encountered by strategic defence planners include:
Strategic defensive is also a predominant peace-time posture of most nation-states in the world at any one time, although the national military intelligence services are always conducting operations to discover offensive threats to security to ensure adequate warning is provided to bring armed forces to a state of combat readiness. 
In terms of scale of combat, the strategic defensive is considered either a war that can last from days to generations, or a military campaign as a phase of the war, involving a series of operations delimited by time and space and with specific major achievable goal allocated to a defined part of the available armed force. As a campaign, a strategic defence may consist of several battles, some of which may be offensive in nature, or may result in the conduct of withdrawals to new positions, encirclements, or sieges either by the defender or attacker as a means of securing strategic initiative. The strategic goal of a strategic defensive may require a conduct of an offensive operation far removed from the main national territory, such as the case with the 1982 Falklands campaign, which sets logistics apart as the dominant consideration in strategic defensive as a doctrine.

</doc>
<doc id="18737801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737801" title="J. Trevor Morgan">
J. Trevor Morgan

J. Trevor Morgan (27 December 1923 – 19 October 1980) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Regina, Saskatchewan and became a barrister and lawyer by career.
In 1954, Morgan became a councillor for Port Dalhousie, Ontario, then became that municipality's Reeve from 1956 to 1960. Between 1962 and 1968, he was an Alderman in St. Catharines, then between 1969 and 1972 was a councillor for the Niagara Region.
He was first elected at the St. Catharines riding in the 1972 general election. After serving his term in the 29th Canadian Parliament, Morgan was defeated at St. Catharines by Gilbert Parent of the Liberal party in the 1974 federal election. He was also the first blind MP for Canada.
Having only 3 per cent of normal vision, Morgan required the use of a guide dog for his Parliamentary duties. He developed degenerative eye disease at age 13, and registered with CNIB by age 20, yet attended Queen's University and Osgoode Hall Law School.

</doc>
<doc id="18737806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737806" title="1964 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1964 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1964 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to September, 1964. It was Galway's second final in a row, having lost to Dublin in the previous year's decider. This time, however, there was no stopping The Tribesmen as they proceeded to win their 5th All-Ireland title, beating Kerry by 5 points in the final, 0-15 to 0-10. It was the start of the most successful era in Galway football, their memorable "Three In A Row".

</doc>
<doc id="18737811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737811" title="Paruyr Sevak, Armenia">
Paruyr Sevak, Armenia

Paruyr Sevak () is a village in the Ararat Province of Armenia. The village was founded in 1978 and is named in honor of the poet Paruyr Sevak.

</doc>
<doc id="18737814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737814" title="CafeMom">
CafeMom

CafeMom is an ad-supported social networking site which is targeted at mothers and mothers to be. It was founded in 2006 by Andrew Shue and Michael Sanchez. 
Within one year of its launch, CafeMom became the most trafficked website for women (by page views) on the Internet, according to comScore. CafeMom gets more than 8 million unique visitors a month, accounting for over 140 million page views. According to their own website, as of 2009, CafeMom.com has turned profitable.
On March 30, 2010, CafeMom announced the launch of The Stir, a new blog for moms featuring topics such as celebrity gossip, parenting dilemmas (and solutions), current events, and home decorating.
Based in New York City, the company has about 120 employees. CafeMom is owned by privately held CMI Marketing.
History.
CafeMom was founded in 2006 by Michael Sanchez and Andrew Shue. In 1999, the childhood friends established CMI Marketing and subsequently ClubMom, the predecessor to CafeMom. ClubMom was a web site that provided parenting information in the form of blogs, articles and message boards. It also organized a shopping rewards program with sponsors.
The idea of CafeMom originated with Andrew Shue when he became a father and he saw how his wife counted on other mothers for support and information. Shue realized that there was a need for mothers to share and talk with other women and there was nothing out there that was bringing them together 
CMI Marketing put together ideas of how the CafeMom website would look and function by looking at features of other social networking sites. The company then took these ideas and simplified them when creating CafeMom.
CafeMom went live on November 15, 2006. Many original ClubMom members were encouraged to join the newly formed social networking site CafeMom in order to help it succeed.
Company.
CafeMom is owned by CMI Marketing Inc., a New York-based company, founded in 1999, which offers Internet community services. The services typically involve online chatting and photo sharing. According to the company website, as of 2013, CafeMom's leadership team includes:
CMI Marketing Inc. primarily makes money via advertising revenue; their clients include companies like General Mills, Kmart, P&G, Nestle, Coca Cola, Kellogs, Johnson & Johnson, Target, Unilever, Dell, Chase, Samsung and dozens of others. They also have investors, as noted in the online newspaper MediaPost Publications; in 2007 the companies Highland Capital Partners and Draper Fisher Jurvetson invested some $5 million in the company. 
Since the end of 2008, CMI Marketing has been growing. CafeMom reaches 8.1 million unique visitors (ComScore, July 2011) and more than 20 million unique visitors to the CafeMom Plus Network. CafeMom Plus is a network of mom-oriented websites who are in partnership with CafeMom, including: Birthday Partnership Ideas; Coupon Cabin; Education.com; and Families.com.
CaféMom’s Board of Directors consists of John Fisher, Shelly Lazarus, Sara Levinson, Dan Nova and Michael Sanchez and Andrew Shue. The Board of Directors is a governing body of an incorporated firm that is responsible for setting the company’s policies, monitoring the performances of the management team and managing the company’s finance. The members are normally elected by company members.
Revenue model.
CafeMom is an ad supported website that generates revenue from over 100 advertisers. Some of the revenue comes from banner ads that are placed on the website.
However, unlike other social networking sites, CafeMom also generates revenue using a slightly different approach to their advertising by allowing registered mothers to interact with a sponsor's product. In fact, most of CafeMom's revenue is generated from customized programs that allow the mothers to interact with products. These customized campaigns will cost a company $500,000. 
The interaction begins when members of CafeMom are given trial products to sample. These products are then marketed to other mothers through comments posted on CafeMom about their experience and opinion of the product. This type of ad program generates a great deal of revenue for CafeMom while allowing them to reduce the number of ads that they need to display on the website.
Logo.
The CafeMom logo consists of black and green letters. The word 'Cafe' is in black lettering in script followed by 'mom' in green lettering. The CafeMom logo is sometimes changed or enhanced with animation for holidays or seasons. It is often the letter 'O' space in the word mom that is used to make the logo seasonal. For example, for Halloween one year the CafeMom logo featured a pumpkin in place of the letter 'O' and for Earth day, in April 2011, a spinning globe was inserted in place of the letter 'O'.
A majority of the members are women from the United States; however, there are women from other countries represented on the website.
CafeMom typically attracts moms between the ages of 25 and 54 (the average age is 32) who have children under the age of 18. The main reason women join CafeMom is for conversation, friendship, entertainment and to seek advice on topics from raising kids to eating healthy. 
Anyone can join CafeMom and become a member as long as they are not a dad - it is a dad free zone-. If men try to join, their accounts are deleted in order to keep CafeMom a place where women can talk freely about the diverse issues that concern them. Dads can go onto the page and get information and advice from sources such as Cafe Answers; they are just not permitted to be a member. 
CafeMom is set up in a similar way to other social networking sites. Each member has a profile where they can upload a photo, post a comment and other members can leave messages. There is also an email feature and a buddy list that allows users to see which friends they have online. As of 2005 and the formation of the Meebo powered network, CafeMom members have also been able to connect simultaneously with their friends on other social networking sites such as Facebook chat.
Meeting other mothers.
Members of CafeMom users can meet other mothers online. This can be done by visiting the CafeMom homepage, and then by clicking on the tab entitled "Groups". After the page has loaded members can then browse or search through lists of groups which have been set up by moms online. According to one estimate, made by the founder of CafeMom Andrew Shue in 2009, there are approximately 70,000 groups online which mothers can choose to join, and all of those groups are one of a kind. 
Alternatively mothers can meet other moms online by asking or responding to questions in the answer section of the website and/or by posting comments about articles which have been written by moms using the site. The CafeMom website also enables its users to keep in touch with friends in the real world. Once a member of CafeMom, all users are given an e-mail account which enables them to send e-mails to their friends in the real world.
Privacy settings.
Similar to other social networking services like Facebook or Bebo, Cafemom enables its users to determine who can view their profile page. Every CafeMom member’s profile page has a drop-down menu which can be set to all, friends, or private. Whereas the “all” setting allows everyone to see their profile page, the “friends” setting and “private” setting only allows them or their friends to see their page. Furthermore, CafeMom also allows its members to control who can view the information which they put online. For example, if a mom does not want others to know such facts as their age but does want others to know such things as their interests then they can select from a series of drop-down menus which facts they want to share with others, and which they do not. 
However, as noted on the company website, there are certain features of the profile page which CafeMom does not enable its users to set to private. Such features as their CafeMom screen name, online avatar, and mood can be viewed by anyone at any time. In addition, there are separate privacy setting for all the journal articles and photographs which members post online.
Online games.
In 2009 CafeMom introduced a new section to their website, the online games section. Created in collaboration with the developer Arkadium, there are more than 20 games which mothers can choose to play online including card, puzzle, arcade, word, strategy, a sponsored game with Clorex and the CafeMom game, Latte land. The section was launched in 2009 as studies found that women aged between 25-64, many of whom would be using the site on a daily basis, like to play games online. According to one study which was carried out by eMarketer in 2008 more than 27 million women in the United States visited online gaming sites in August 2008 alone.
In the media.
CafeMom has been featured in newspapers, magazines and television and radio programs. Articles have appeared in the New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Good Morning America along with programs on The Today Show and Webmaster Radio. In 2009, the marketing news and expert advice website, Clickz, published an article on CafeMom’s newly launched games section, and the impact it was making.
In August 2010, it was reported that Yahoo! was seeking to acquire the profit making social networking site aimed at mothers. CMI Marketing and Yahoo negotiated over the price. Other interested companies included The Walt Disney Company.
"The Stir".
CafeMom publishes an online journal called "The Stir". It provides newspaper articles about parenting and issues surrounding children that members can comment upon and discuss. It also links to related stories on the site as well providing links to similar articles in the press, and gives links to Twitter and Facebook where members can continue the debate. Suburban Turmoil’s Lindsay Ferrier is a fashion columnist for the journal, after selling her style blog, She’s Still Got It, to CafeMom.
The blog is interactive, allowing CafeMom followers to write in and ask questions, appeal for fashion advice and discuss trends. Ferrier became involved with CafeMom after following CafeMom bloggers on Twitter and getting in touch with them.
Awards.
In 2011, CafeMom was selected by "Time" magazine as one of their Top 50 Websites of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18737825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737825" title="Guo Lei">
Guo Lei

Guo Lei (born 1982-04-26 in Baoding, Hebei) is a male Chinese judoka who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Half middleweight (73–81 kg) event.

</doc>
<doc id="18737841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737841" title="Canon de 75 modèle 1905 Schneider">
Canon de 75 modèle 1905 Schneider

The Canon de 75 modèle 1905 Schneider was a field gun used by Bulgaria during World War I and World War II. Some 324 had been delivered by the end of 1907 and most were still in service in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="18737844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737844" title="He Yanzhu">
He Yanzhu

He Yanzhu (born January, 5 1982 in Qinhuangdao, Hebei) is a male Chinese judoka who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Middleweight (81–90 kg) event.

</doc>
<doc id="18737856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737856" title="Rebecca von Lahnstein">
Rebecca von Lahnstein

Rebecca von Lahnstein is a character on the German soap opera "Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love)". The character was portrayed by Jasmin Lord and debuted on June 17, 2008. In 2009, Lord earned the "Miss Soap award" as the most beautiful actress in a soap opera, followed by the "German Soap Award" as Sexiest Woman in 2011. It was announced on January 18, 2011 that Lord is going to leave the show and finishes shooting in April 2011. She made her last on-screen appearance on July 27, 2011. After a few months the character was recast with Tatjana Kästel, who made her first on-screen appearance on February 13, 2012.
Creation.
Introduction.
The character is hardly mentioned, before she appears on-screen. It's only been declared that Sebastian, then played by Joscha Kiefer, has siblings. Rebecca's first appearance features a run-in with Gregor Mann, played by Andreas Jancke, who eventually becomes her first on-screen lover. The character appears to be spoiled and a stereotype of rich person, even though it's mentioned that Rebecca didn't grow up with much money, since her father broke off contact with his aristocratic family. She has a good relationship with Adrian Degenhardt, played by Klaus Zmorek, who was like a father to her and her siblings after her own father died.
Personality.
Rebecca appears to be a stereotype of a rich girl who sees a lot of things superficially. She loves to go shopping, especially out of frustration so she doesn't have to deal with her problems. As time goes by, the audience also sees a Rebecca that can get easily hurt, for example when she is rejected by somebody she cares about. It is mentioned that she didn't grow up as a rich kid, so Rebecca treats the staff around her like less worthy citizens. Her spoiled way brings her character to be disliked by the audience. Trying to bring the best out in herself, Rebecca is normally shown as a good friend to people she likes and also seems to have little faith in herself when it comes to her proficiency.
As time goes by, Rebecca becomes a strong woman who starts to know what she wants. With the return of her supposedly dead father Ludwig, she seems to break free from old habits. Rebecca even starts an affair with waitress Miriam Pesch, before the character is suddenly written out because of Jasmin Lord's departure. When the character returns, now played by Tatjana Kästel, Rebecca shows that she's all grown up and wants to finally start with her career as a fashion designer.
Storylines.
2008-2011.
Rebecca is introduced by running into Gregor Mann, who she eventually takes a romantic interest in. But she originally came to town to visit her brother Sebastian. When Rebecca finds out that her foster father Adrian needs a kidney to save his life, she gets into a huge argument with his son Constantin, who despises his father. Constantin won't help Adrian because he believed him to be the kidnapper of his sister Carla's daughter Sophia. Rebecca and Sebastian can eventually convince Constantin to save Adrian, even though he doesn't change his mind about him. Rebecca starts sleeping with Gregor and develops feelings for him. Gregor tells Rebecca that he just wants to have fun and doesn't search for a serious relationship with her. Rebecca agrees and they continue to stay lovers. When Gregor eventually finds out that Rebecca has fallen in love with him, he breaks it off. She tries to convince him that a relationship between them could work, but Gregor falls in love with Luise von Waldensteyck instead. Rebecca tries to come between them for a while, even working together with Luise's sneaky fiancé Eduard von Tepp. Eventually Rebecca realizes how much Gregor and Luise love each other and tries to overcome her feelings for Gregor.
Rebecca succeeds when she takes an interest in Gregor's younger brother Christian. She tries to get closer to him when Christian starts having problems in his relationship with Oliver Sabel. Being friends with Christian and Olli, Rebecca doesn't want to come between them and tries to stay away. After a while things seem to have come back to normal and Rebecca finally finds someone who has taken an interest in her - David Brandner. He tries everything to finally give Rebecca a feeling of love and appreciation. But Rebecca realizes that she still has feelings for Christian. David is heartbroken and shortly leaves town after he and Rebecca broke up.
Once again, Rebecca is questioning if she ever will find her Mister Right. As she starts to flirt with a guy, Rebecca realizes that she isn't really interested in him and has problems to get him to leave her alone. "No Limits" waitress Miriam Pesch helps out and kisses Rebecca. After that Rebecca starts to question her sexuality as she enjoyed the kiss with Miriam. The girls have a conversation and eventually kiss again. Rebecca fears what her family might think about it but starts to go overboard when she announces her relationship to Miriam. Agreeing that things moved too fast between them, Rebecca and Miriam broke up after a few weeks.
After that Rebecca tries to concentrate on her career and gets involved with Tanja von Lahnstein, who's involved with her brother Sebastian. She starts working for Ligne Clarisse, a fashion company headed by Tanja. Rebecca gets to be creative in her designing clothes, but soon finds herself at odds with Tanja after confronting her over a controversial publicity campaign. Tanja feels threaten by Rebecca and falsely accuses her of stealing designs and passing them off as hers. As the family doesn't believe Rebecca and even Sebastian sides with Tanja, she is forced to take a job offer in New York. Before leaving, however, Rebecca gets her revenge by playing the ambition of all members of the Lahnstein Enterprises board of Directors against themselves - with the exception of Helena and Hagen, promising them to sell them her voting rights in the company in exchange of valuable things, like an apartment in New York and a VIP card to get access to high-profile fashion events; turning the job in New York into a great opportunity. Rebbecca leaves at odds with her family.
Marbecca - 2012-.
In February 2012, Clarissa von Anstetten, who now owns fifty percent of Ligne Clarisse Lahnstein, brings Rebecca back to town to impress Ludwig on his birthday and stabilize her place in the Lahnstein empire. Rebecca forgives her father and shows her family that she has grown up a lot while being in New York and now knows what she wants. As Clarissa promised her a position at Ligne CL, Rebecca demands that she gets her own fashion line or she would return to New York after all. Tanja isn't happy about Rebecca's return at all. After Tanja blackmails Clarissa of her shares of the company, Rebecca makes it known that she won't answer to Tanja. As Elisabeth is named co-CEO of Ligne CL, Rebecca goes strictly to her. 
During mid-2012, Rebecca falls in love with her best friend Marlene von Lahnstein (née Wolf), who at the time is dating her brother, Tristan. Marlene & Rebecca kissed during spin the bottle and the feelings began to grow inside of Marlene. The two had their relationship broken as a result of Marlene being unable to accept herself as a lesbian even after Marlene & Rebecca make love in a night of pure, unadulterated passion.
Marlene accepts Tristan's marriage proposal, leaving Rebecca heartbroken, Rebecca is chosen to design Marlene's wedding dress and weaves the ideal design after seeing Marlene in said dress in a dream. Rebecca admits to Marlene that she loves her and that will always be the case, before completing the wedding dress. Marlene is so moved by the fact that Rebecca completed the perfect dress that she goes over to thank her on the day before the wedding and the two share a passionate kiss!
On the wedding day, Rebecca is prepared to leave for Los Angeles as her love is still unrequited; however Marlene jilts Tristan at the altar and runs off to find Rebecca. Marlene finds Rebecca in the castle and after taking refuge from the Wolf's in Rebecca's room, finally admits to Rebecca that her love is reciprocated.

</doc>
<doc id="18737862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737862" title="Septimal interval">
Septimal interval

In, music theory, septimal interval may refer to:
or,

</doc>
<doc id="18737864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737864" title="Movement controller">
Movement controller

A movement controller is responsible for assisting in planning, preparation, documentation, coordination and control of military movements in support of operations, exercises and administrative deployments worldwide by road, rail, sea and air.
They have good working knowledge of all forms of transport, both military and civilian.
Works in conjunction with elements of all services, other government departments, civilian and commercial officials.
Employed worldwide, static or mobile, as a team member or individual.

</doc>
<doc id="18737866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737866" title="1965 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1965 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1965 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to September, 1965. The decider was a repeat of the 1964 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final, between Galway and Kerry. There was no change in the outcome as Galway defeated Kerry again by 0-12 to 0-09 It was Galways second title in succession, on their way to "Three In A Row".

</doc>
<doc id="18737868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737868" title="Shao Ning">
Shao Ning

Shao Ning (; born 1982-02-17 in Shandong) is a male Chinese judoka who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Half heavyweight (90-100kg) event.

</doc>
<doc id="18737887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737887" title="Wu Shugen">
Wu Shugen

Wu Shugen (born 1987-08-26 in Inner Mongolia) is a female Chinese judoka who will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Extra lightweight (under 48 kg) event.

</doc>
<doc id="18737891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737891" title="Canon de 75 modèle 1922 Schneider">
Canon de 75 modèle 1922 Schneider

The Canon de 75 modèle 1922 Schneider was a field gun designed by Schneider in the early 1920s. France didn't buy any as it had an enormous stock of surplus Canon de 75 modèle 1897 field guns on hand and it was offered for export. Chamberlain and Gander claim that Finland bought some and used them during the Winter War, but this hasn't been confirmed by Finnish sources.

</doc>
<doc id="18737892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737892" title="Delaware Valley Friends School">
Delaware Valley Friends School

Delaware Valley Friends School (DVFS) was founded in 1986 by Irene McHenry. Located in Paoli, Pennsylvania, DVFS offers secondary Quaker education for students in grades 6 through 12 who have learning disabilities. DVFS is the only Quaker upper school in the Philadelphia region structured for this purpose.
DVFS teachers are trained in the Orton-Gillingham approach, particular to address the needs of dyslexic, dysgraphic, and attention deficit students. 
The student-to-teacher ratio at DVFS is approximately 5 to 1, which allows teachers to measure the skills that each student possesses, and to understand which skills they need to improve upon in order to accomplish their work. The goal at DVFS is not to “catch students up”, but to gain more than one year of skill improvement per year.
The Friends educational approaches are replicated during the school's summer program, which runs from June to August and features one-on-one tutorials, art classes, and intensive instruction for the advancement of reading and writing skills.

</doc>
<doc id="18737903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737903" title="Xu Yan (judoka)">
Xu Yan (judoka)

Xu Yan (; born 4 November, 1981 in Beijing) is a female Chinese judoka who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Lightweight (52–57 kg) event.

</doc>
<doc id="18737914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737914" title="1966 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1966 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1966 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to September 1966. Galway, making a fourth final appearance in succession and looking to secure a "Three In A Row" of All-Ireland titles, faced Meath. The two met in the semi-final stage of the 1964 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship, when Galway triumphed with a 3-point victory. Meath were unable to stop the Tribesmen as they won by a six-point margin in the final, 1-10 to 0-07. The win completed a "Three In A Row" for the county. It would be another 32 years before Galway would win another All-Ireland title, in 1998 against Kildare.

</doc>
<doc id="18737923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737923" title="Xu Yuhua (judoka)">
Xu Yuhua (judoka)

Xu Yuhua (; born March 2, 1983 in Binzhou, Shandong) is a female Chinese judoka who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Half middleweight (57–63 kg) event. She was eliminated in the first round by a South Korean. She is the older sister of Xu Lili.

</doc>
<doc id="18737940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737940" title="Marco Polo (song)">
Marco Polo (song)

"Marco Polo" is a single released by Bow Wow for his album "New Jack City II", but ended up not making the album because Bow Wow had a feud with Soulja Boy Tell 'Em, but was available as a Wal-Mart Deluxe Edition bonus track. The song was produced by Young Sity and Soulja Boy Tell 'Em.
The album version of the song does not contain any explicit lyrics by Bow Wow. An earlier version leaked onto the internet that had a completely different first verse by Bow Wow that did however contain explicit lyrics. Soulja Boy's verse on both versions is the same except it is edited to not have the 2 explicit words at the end of his verse for the album version. Soulja Boy's line, "Gucci Bandana" is sampled as the hook of his song, "Gucci Bandana" off of his second album, iSouljaBoyTellEm.
Music video.
The video begins with Bow Wow and Soulja Boy picking up trash near a pool with their boss, a lifeguard (portrayed by comedian Doo Doo Brown) giving them a hard time. They then proceed to call up some friends, and have a party by the pool doing the "Marco Polo" dance which is similar to Peekaboo.
Canceled Remix.
Bow Wow announced a remix, that would feature T-Pain, Lil Wayne, Twista, & Busta Rhymes via his "Say Now" The remix never was released. So Bow Wow got V.I.C. & Soulja Boy Tell 'Em for the official remix.

</doc>
<doc id="18737954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737954" title="Wang Juan (judoka)">
Wang Juan (judoka)

Wang Juan (born 1982-03-05 in Suzhou, Jiangsu) is a female Chinese judoka who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Middleweight (63–70 kg) event.

</doc>
<doc id="18737963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737963" title="The Appearances of Keak da Sneak">
The Appearances of Keak da Sneak

The Appearances of Keak da Sneak is a compilation album released by rapper, Keak da Sneak featuring songs from various previously released albums in which he had a guest appearance. It was released on October 23, 2001 for Moe Doe Records and was produced by Ant Banks, One Drop Scott and Tone Capone. Many guests appeared on the album, including Luniz, Mac Dre and his group, 3X Krazy. It sold 5,000 copies in its first week on shelves.

</doc>
<doc id="18737964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737964" title="Fight Fiercely, Harvard">
Fight Fiercely, Harvard

"Fight Fiercely, Harvard" is a satirical college fight song written and originally performed by Tom Lehrer and dedicated to his alma mater, Harvard University. The song was written in 1945 while Lehrer was in his second year of study at Harvard College and "eventually made him a local hero".
History.
The song was Lehrer's earliest—and for a while his only—musical work and was included on "Songs by Tom Lehrer", a debut album recorded at Trans Radio Studios, Boston, on January 22, 1953. Starting with a press run of 400 copies of the then-novel 10" LP record format produced by Lehrer at his own expense, these records were sold in stores around Harvard Square.
In speaking about "Fight Fiercely, Harvard" and the rest of his satirical repertoire that brought him a certain level of fame as an undergraduate, Lehrer says he did not write to gain popularity but rather:
I mostly thought these songs weren’t of interest to anyone! I wrote ‘Fight Fiercely, Harvard’ in 1945. That’s the earliest song on any of my records. The others were written a little later. I wrote a lot of songs for special occasions ... silly songs, songs about math, and so on, but nothing else that would be recordable until 1948.
Lehrer has also said of his undergraduate songwriting:
An urban legend of sorts sprung up which says that Lehrer, who eventually became a mathematician and later served as Adjunct Professor of Mathematics at the University of California, Santa Cruz, stopped performing because the displeasure of Harvard University's administration over the satirical lyrics of "Fight Fiercely, Harvard" threatened to ruin his career. In response, Lehrer has said:
...my stimulus came from humor however grim the humor may have been at the base. I wasn't burning when I wrote these songs...it amazes me that anyone would think a song making fun of the football team was grounds for expulsion.
Today "Fight Fiercely, Harvard" lives on in the repertoire of the Harvard University Band and was included on their 75th anniversary album released in 1995. The song remains fairly well known in the Harvard community. On visiting Harvard for the first time in decades, Lehrer was delighted to discover that his song had been performed at every home football game for many years.
Theme.
The humor of "Fight Fiercely, Harvard" revolves around the supposedly refined and gentlemanly nature of Harvard athletes. As it appears on "Tom Lehrer Revisited", a live album, it is preceded by banter almost as long as the song itself. In talking to his audience, Lehrer explains that he wanted to create a college fight song different from those performed, as he says with a hypercorrective use of a Latin plural for a common English word, "in comparable "stadia"." This preamble also says, in part:
...I was reminded not too long ago, upon returning from my lesson with the Scrabble pro at the Harvard Club in Boston, of the days of my undergraduacy long ago when there used to be these very long Saturday afternoons in the fall with nothing to do - the library was closed - just waiting around for the cocktail parties to begin. And on occasions like that...did come to realize that the football fight songs that one hears...have a tendency to be somewhat uncouth, and even violent, and that it would be refreshing, to say the least, to find one that was a bit more genteel. And here it is, dedicated to my own alma mater, and called Fight Fiercely, Harvard.
The lyrics are written with an exaggeratedly erudite style of diction and say in part:
Fight fiercely, Harvard!
The lyrics also refer to celebrating victory by inviting the "whole team up for tea" and very conscientiously warn "let's try not to injure them." Lehrer, who is actually Jewish and from New York City, performed the song in the stereotypical Boston Brahmin accent of his on-stage persona and pronounced the words "fiercely" and "Harvard" with a non-rhotic drawl. He also injected exclamations such as "...and "do" fight fiercely!"

</doc>
<doc id="18737979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737979" title="Canon de 85 modèle 1927 Schneider">
Canon de 85 modèle 1927 Schneider

The Canon de 85 modèle 1927 Schneider () was a field gun used by Greece during World War II. After the occupation of Greece, the Germans allotted this gun the designation of 8.5 cm Kanonehaubitze 287(g), but it is unknown if they actually used them themselves. 
It appears to have been the inspiration for the Japanese 75 mm Type 90 Field Gun. After the Versailles Treaty, the Japanese switched to the French Schneider company, and purchased numerous examples for test and evaluation. With an Army rearmament program starting in 1931, a new 75 mm field gun loosely based on the Canon de 85 modèle 1927 Schneider was introduced, known as the Type 90 75 mm Field Gun.

</doc>
<doc id="18737982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737982" title="Nitrome">
Nitrome

Nitrome Limited, commonly known as Nitrome, is an independent game development company based in London. The company makes Flash-based games. Their games are recognizable by the pixel art design and cartoon-like appearance, along with a jingle to the start of every game and the use of chiptune. Nitrome was originally started by Mat Annal and Heather Stancliffe, two graphic designers, intending to create games for mobile phones. Instead, the company began taking on commissions Internet-based flash games. Nitrome's games are published on their website and are often available to license on other websites such as Miniclip and MTV Arcade.
History.
Nitrome's creation stemmed from a conversation between Mat Annal and Heather Stancliffe, in which Annal suggested that they make a game for mobile phones. Stancliffe was initially hesitant, but was persuaded that it could be a successful idea. The temporary website for their upcoming project was first launched on April 3, 2005, with a preview video of "Chick Flick", their intended first game. Since then, Nitrome has made around 120 flash games, and are venturing into mobile phone and PC gaming, as their current flash games aren't providing enough revenue.
Games.
The games made by the company are divided into four main categories. "Hearted" are the games that have received the most hearts from the heart button below every game, and are thus considered the most popular. "All Games" is a list of all games produced by Nitrome. "Picks" are games chosen by the Nitrome team as their most unique , whilst "Multiplayer games" are designed for more than one person to play at once. Games can be in more than one category.
Nitrome has made games for MTV Arcade, Candystand and Miniclip.
Most of the games are divided into levels (usually between 10 and 100), and also give the player the option to replay any level they have completed, even if they have lost. Some games also feature the concept of bosses.
In July 2009, Nitrome Limited released Twin Shot 2, their first game to use MochiCoins, a system allowing players to pay for extra content in browser games. Mat Annal said that Nitrome were "trialling" and that they "don't intend to use it in every game". They used MochiCoins again in B.C. Bow Contest, which they have updated twice. MochiCoins, however, are being discontinued by Mochi, and Nitrome won't use them in any more of their games.
Versions.
Nitrome 1.0.
Nitrome.com 1.0 is the first version of Nitrome.com. It was launched on April 5, 2005, and was small at the time. The website did not stay up long, as it was replaced by Version 1.5 in 2006, between 8 and 16 November.
Nitrome 1.5.
Nitrome 1.5 was a previous version of the Nitrome Limited website, With a slightly different game grouping, no "heart" system, and subtitled pictures instead of icons.
Nitrome 2.0.
New features include: more content on the front page, RSS feeds and the introduction of Hearting, Sharing and Tweeting.
Nitrome 2.5.
The current version, as of August 2013. Nitrome accounts added.

</doc>
<doc id="18737988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737988" title="Ginga Fukei Densetsu Sapphire">
Ginga Fukei Densetsu Sapphire

It is renowned as one of the most technically impressive titles for that system, as well as one of the rarest. As such, it may reach very high prices on online auctions, often well over $400 for a mint copy. Counterfeit copies also appear in auctions, but it is possible to distinguish them from the legitimate product.
This game was ported to PSP as part of the "Galaxy Fraulein Collection" compilation.

</doc>
<doc id="18737992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18737992" title="Red and Blue">
Red and Blue

Red and Blue may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18738002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738002" title="Frederick Howard Bryant">
Frederick Howard Bryant

Frederick Howard Bryant (July 25, 1877 – September 4, 1945) was a United States federal judge.
Bryant was born in Lincoln, Vermont. He received an A.B. from Middlebury College in 1900. He read law in 1903 and went into private practice of law in Malone, New York until 1927. 
Bryant was a federal judge on the United States District Court for the Northern District of New York. Bryant received a recess appointment from President Calvin Coolidge on May 19, 1927, to a new seat created by 44 Stat. 1374. He was formally nominated on December 6, 1927, was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 19, and received commission the same day. Bryant served on the court until he died on September 4, 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="18738015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738015" title="Hygene Atoms">
Hygene Atoms

Hygene Atoms is an Alternative hip hop and Electronica album by The New Pollutants (Mister Speed and DJ Tr!p), also known as Benjamin Speed and Tyson Hopprich. This is the band's debut album.
Track listing.
A 'secret track' at the end of the album is a news article about an exploding whale.

</doc>
<doc id="18738037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738037" title="Martin A. Janis">
Martin A. Janis

Martin A. Janis (July 22, 1913 – June 23, 2005), frequently referred to as "Mr. Aging", was an American politician and gerontologist.
Born in Toledo, Ohio, Janis was the youngest of four brothers. He was elected, as a Republican, to the Ohio House of Representatives in 1960 and served one term. In 1962 he ran for a Congressional seat in Ohio's 9th district which he lost to Thomas W.L. Ashley.
In 1963, Ohio Governor James A. Rhodes appointed Janis Director of the Ohio Department of Mental Hygiene and Correction. He was the first layperson in the United States to hold such a position. During the course of his appointment he created the Administration on Aging in 1965 which was Ohio's first official program devoted to its elder citizens.
In January 1977, Caspar Weinberger appointed Janis to the Advisory Council of the National Institute on Aging. In 1979, the Ohio Commission on Aging named the state's first multipurpose senior center after Janis. In 1981, he headed Ohio's delegation to the White House Conference on Aging, where he served as chairman of one of the fourteen workshops that comprised that conference.
As Director of the Ohio Department of Aging, Janis was responsible for the creation of the "Golden Buckeye" card in 1978. The card offered discounts to senior citizens and is currently honored at over 20,000 businesses in the state of Ohio. In 1988, Janis authored "The Joys of Aging", an instructive guide to growing old gracefully.
Janis died on June 23, 2005, in Sandusky, Ohio, where he was living with his wife, Anne M. Janis, and daughter, Marlana A. Janis.
Martin had a grandson Martin A. Janis and two great-granddaughters Naya Janis and Montana Janis.

</doc>
<doc id="18738039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738039" title="Fire Station No. 1 (Roanoke, Virginia)">
Fire Station No. 1 (Roanoke, Virginia)

Fire Station No. 1 is a former fire station listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the Downtown neighborhood of the independent city of Roanoke, Virginia, U.S.A. Modeled after Philadelphia's Independence Hall, Fire Station No. 1 served as one of the longest continuously operating fire stations in the Commonwealth of Virginia from its completion in 1907 through the opening of a replacement facility in 2007. Designed by the Lynchburg firm of Huggins and Bates, No. 1 still stands as a monument to the civic pride of early Roanoke. It is located in the Roanoke City Market Historic District.
History.
With a purely volunteer force in place within the city beginning in 1882, the first paid firefighters were hired in 1906, and ground was officially broken for No. 1 on February 19, 1906. Completed by 1907, the station exhibits the Georgian Revival style of an Edwardian-era firehouse. It features a limestone ashlar foundation and a solid brick facade with terracotta accents, topped with a bell tower that provided views of the entire city upon its completion.
By 1911 the city purchased their first engine powered fire truck stationed at No. 1. By 1918, horse-drawn fire wagons were totally phased out in favor of the engine-powered ones.
Originally cast in 1886, the bell originally placed atop the structure in the bell tower was removed in 2001, restored and is now on display on the first floor of the station. By 2003, the aging facility received a facelift to repair and restore the original limestone mortar on the facade. Additionally, the former bell tower was completely restored and the station was completely operational again by December. Although officials stated that No. 1 would retain its status as a fully staffed fire station even with the completion of a replacement facility, the station stopped running fire and EMS calls on May 9, 2007. Today the facility serves as a fire museum open to the general public and as a stable for the Roanoke Police Department's Mounted Patrol.

</doc>
<doc id="18738051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738051" title="Yakov Malkiel">
Yakov Malkiel

Yakov Malkiel (July 22, 1914–April 24, 1998) was a U.S. (Russian-born) Romance etymologist and philologist. His specialty was the development of Latin words, roots, prefixes, and suffixes in modern Romance languages, particularly Spanish. He was the founder of the journal "Romance Philology". 
Malkiel was born in Kiev to a Russian-Jewish family, and was brought up and educated in Berlin, after the Russian Civil War. Despite an early interest in literature, he ended up studying linguistics at the Humboldt University of Berlin, then known as the "Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität." Being a Jew in 1930s Germany was an obstacle to his education, but one he was able to overcome; his family finally emigrated to the United States in 1940.
After two years unemployed in New York, Malkiel accepted a one-term appointment at the University of Wyoming in Laramie. In 1943, he was offered an initially temporary position at the University of California, Berkeley, which later was converted to a permanent professorship; Malkiel remained there until his retirement in 1983, teaching in the departments of Spanish and (later) Linguistics. He married fellow Berkeley professor María Rosa Lida de Malkiel, a philologist and literary critic from Argentina, in 1948.
During a period when etymology was receding from prominence in linguistics, Malkiel was both one of its chief champions and most rigorous theorists. Best known for his work on the role of sound in the development of suffixes, Malkiel coined the term lexical polarization to describe the influence in sound words tend to have over the development of their opposites, when antonyms occur in pairs. A major secondary interest was in the history of his field, explored in the pages of "Romance Philology" and in his last book, "Etymology." His work in all fields was characterized by a doggedly comprehensive use of evidence; of his book, "Development of the Latin Suffixes "-antia" and "-entia" in Romance Languages", influential linguist Leo Spitzer said in a review, "No one can fail to be impressed by this outstanding example of "akribia" and scholarly devotion to a task that might have daunted others." 

</doc>
<doc id="18738066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738066" title="Edward S. Kampf">
Edward S. Kampf

Edward S. Kampf (b. October 14, 1900, in Albany, NY, d. March 8, 1971, in Miami, FL) was a federal judge for the U.S. District Court, Northern District of New York. Judge Kampf graduated from Albany Law School with an LL.B. in 1924. He was nominated to the court by President Harry S Truman on January 17, 1946, to a seat vacated by Frederick H. Bryant, confirmed by the United States Senate on February 5, 1946, and received his commission on February 8, 1946. His service terminated on July 1, 1948, due to resignation.

</doc>
<doc id="18738088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738088" title="Rebecca Pronsky">
Rebecca Pronsky

Rebecca Pronsky (born September 4, 1980) is a singer-songwriter from Brooklyn, New York. Her musical style combines folk, jazz, alternative, and country elements.
Early life.
Born in Brooklyn, New York, Rebecca began professional vocal training at the age of eight, and was encouraged to continue studying music throughout her middle and high school years. In 1996 she met Lucy Wainwright Roche, then a fellow high school student at Saint Ann's School. Lucy introduced Rebecca to folk music and Rebecca began to study guitar. Rebecca attended Brown University and graduated with a degree in Ethnomusicology in 2002. However, it wasn't until she left college that she considered music to be a serious career option.
Musical career.
Rebecca recorded several songs she had written while in college upon graduating and released this collection as her first demo "Milestone" in 2002. She moved back to Brooklyn soon after and began working with other musicians to explore her songs more fully. She met Rich Bennett (Friendly Bears, Monocle, Rich Bennett) in 2003 and the two began a musical collaboration. Bennett played guitar on Rebecca's EP "The Early Hours" in 2004. The EP received strong reviews in the northeast and prompted Rebecca to begin touring.
In 2005, Rebecca created the Brooklyn Songwriters Exchange, a music series presenting strong local songwriters in the New York City area. The series continues to run today, although Rebecca no longer hosts it.
Over the next few years Rebecca worked with Bennett to solidify her sound, culminating in "Departures & Arrivals" (2007), Rebecca's first full length album which Bennett produced with Pronsky, and, which was released by indie label Nine Mile Records. Rebecca spoke of the record as being "much more compositional" than earlier work. The track "Break Even" from the album was featured on XM Radio's The Loft program and Rebecca's tour schedule picked up as a result of the release. "Departures & Arrivals" was followed by a limited edition EP "The Best Game in Town" in 2009. 
Nine Mile Records released Rebecca's second and third full length albums: "Viewfinder" in 2011 and "Only Daughter" in 2013. Both records were mixed by Scott Solter. "Viewfinder" was recorded at the Great North Sound Society in Parsonsfield, ME with engineer Sam Kassirer. The album explores themes of loss and coming of age, as well as the economic downturn. Track 1 "Hard Times" was featured on Song of the Day on NPR Music, on April 18, 2011, due to its topical relevance. "Only Daughter" is the first album solely produced by Bennett and features a dreamier, dark sound. Lyrically, the album is abstract and deals with the themes of corruption and personal struggle. 
Rebecca tours internationally and has performed with Shawn Colvin, Steve Forbert, Peter Case, Catie Curtis, Sarah Bettens, Josh Ritter, Erin McKeown, Loudon Wainwright III, Patty Larkin, Elvis Perkins, Freedy Johnston, Carrie Rodriguez, Elvis Perkins, Caroline Herring, and Shannon McNally, among others.
Discography.
"Only Daughter" (2013; US; Nine Mile Records)
"Viewfinder" (2011; US; Nine Mile Records)
"The Best Game in Town" (2009; US; Nine Mile Records)
"Departures & Arrivals" (2007; US; Nine Mile Records)
"The Early Hours" (2004; EP, US; Self-released)

</doc>
<doc id="18738129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738129" title="Tina Salaks">
Tina Salaks

Tina Salaks, a resident of New York City, is a former agent with the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (ASPCA) appearing in the "Animal Precinct" series on Animal Planet.
Biography.
After graduating from Milwaukee Lutheran High School, Salaks attended the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee, where she majored in theater.
She is the author of "Paw & Order: Dramatic Investigations of an Animal Cop on the Beat", released by BowTie Press in 2008.
Prior to joining the ASPCA in 1999, then-Agent Salaks was a mounted officer with the New York City Parks Department.
Salaks works with Green Chimneys, an animal rescue and child welfare organization in upstate New York, which adopted several of the rescued animals featured in her book, including Franklin, the runaway lamb. A portion of each sale is donated to American Humane Association, a national animal and child welfare organization.
In June 2008, she appeared on Animal Planet in a "Cats in Trouble" segment.
On the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks, Salaks was interviewed by the "Boston Globe" for a story about Manhattan residents as they paused to remember that day.

</doc>
<doc id="18738130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738130" title="Frey Ramos">
Frey Ramos

Frey Ramos born April 25, 1989, in Cartagena, Bolívar is a Colombian football midfield, who currently plays for Millonarios in the Categoría Primera A.
Ramos is a product of the Millonarios youth system and played with the Millonarios first team since August, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18738134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738134" title="Lawrence E. Kahn">
Lawrence E. Kahn

Lawrence E. Kahn (b. 1937 in Troy, NY is a federal judge for the U.S. District Court, Northern District of New York. Judge Kahn attended Oxford University and graduated from Union College with an A.B. in 1959 and Harvard Law School with a J.D. in 1962. He was nominated to the court by President Bill Clinton on April 18, 1996, to a seat vacated by Neal P. McCurn, confirmed by the United States Senate on July 16, 1996, and received his commission on August 1, 1996. He assumed senior status on August 1, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18738135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738135" title="Rod Daniels">
Rod Daniels

Rod Daniels is a news anchor in Baltimore, Maryland. 
Daniels began his career as a weekend sports anchor at WIS-TV in Columbia, South Carolina. He then moved to WTAE-TV in Pittsburgh as a weekend anchor and reporter, and later to WISN-TV in Milwaukee. Since 1984, he has worked at WBAL-TV.
He won the Catholic Archdiocese Medal of Honor for Communications for his coverage of church activities. During Pope John Paul II's visit to Baltimore in 1995, Rod served as host of the celebration at Camden Yards.

</doc>
<doc id="18738153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738153" title="Yoiver González">
Yoiver González

Yoiver González (born 22 November 1989 in Puerto Tejada), also known as Zeiver Gonzales Ondo, is a Colombian-born Equatoguinean-naturalised football defender, who currently plays for América de Cali in the Categoría Primera B.
Gonzales is a product of the Millonarios youth system and played with the Millonarios first team since November, 2007.
International career.
During his loan in Fortaleza, González was partner of Rolan de la Cruz, a Colombian footballer who was already naturalized to play for Equatorial Guinea, who invited him and helped him to join the Equatoguinean team.
Then, González made an appearance with Equatorial Guinea, in a friendly non-recognized by FIFA, against a Beninese national team composed of local players on 21 March 2013, because that country's senior team was conducting a preparatory stage in Marseille (France), ahead of their match against Algeria. He was also called up to face Cape Verde Islands as part of the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign, but did not enter in the match by an ankle problem.

</doc>
<doc id="18738173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738173" title="Luis Enrique Mena">
Luis Enrique Mena

Luis Enrique Mena (born in Riosucio, Chocó on July 16, 1992) is a Colombian football midfield, who currently plays for Millonarios in the Categoría Primera A. Mena is a product of the Millonarios youth system and played with the Millonarios first team since April, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18738192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738192" title="Wilson Cuero">
Wilson Cuero

Wilson Cuero (born January 27, 1992 in Cali, Valle del Cauca Department) is a Colombian footballer who plays for Granada CF in Spain as a forward.
Career.
On 23 July 2009 the Millonarios of Bogotá chairman "Juan Carlos López" has told local media sources that Udinese Calcio have signed forward, however, the promising teenager will move to Italy in January 2010 when he will be 18 and therefore eligible to transfer according to FIFA rules.

</doc>
<doc id="18738193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738193" title="Loveland (UK TV series)">
Loveland (UK TV series)

Loveland is a cancelled British dating game show that was due to be aired on Sky One in 2011. The show would have been similar to old dating show, "Blind Date" 20th Century but with a 21st-century twist - the contestants would have been hidden behind avatars, created to reflect their alter egos. Cilla Black, former host of Blind Date, had been announced as host for the show.
Format.
According to the Daily Mail, the show would have involved one person picking out their date out of three contestants. The three suitors must 'hide' behind a computer generated avatar (alter ego). The avatars will be extensions of what the contestants want to look like. The viewers in the studio and at home will be able to see the avatars live in the studio, interacting with real people. According to The Guardian, the show would have been produced by Standing Stone Productions, based in Newcastle upon Tyne, UK. Creator is Jo Pine, who will executive produce together with Tom Gutteridge, former CEO of FremantleMedia North America and founder of UK production company Mentorn. According to C21, the format has already been sold to Fox in the US, who will be developing it for the US market with Standing Stone Productions/Tom Gutteridge.
Cancellation.
Despite the fact a pilot show was filmed in 2008, the show was eventually cancelled in mid-2009 after Sky1 found the production too costly.

</doc>
<doc id="18738195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738195" title="Mount Diablo Silverado Council">
Mount Diablo Silverado Council

Mount Diablo Silverado Council is a local council of the Boy Scouts of America (BSA) and is one of six councils that serves the San Francisco Bay area in California. The council's office is located in Pleasant Hill, California.
It serves chartered organizations and BSA units in Contra Costa County, Lake County, Napa County, Solano County (except the cities of Dixon, Rio Vista, and Vacaville), and the cities of Albany and Berkeley in northern Alameda County. The council is located in BSA Western Region Area III.
History.
The Mount Diablo Silverado Council (#023) was formed in 1992 as the result of a merger between the former Silverado Area Council (#038) and the former Mount Diablo Council (#023).
The Mount Diablo Silverado Council can trace its history back to the Berkeley Council (#023). The Berkeley Council received its charter from the Boy Scouts of America in March 1916.
The Berkeley Council expanded to become the Berkeley-Albany Council and in 1932 merged with the Contra Costa Council to become the Berkeley-Contra Costa Council which was renamed the Mount Diablo Council in 1951.
In 1916 the Berkeley Council was the first council in Northern California to receive a charter from the Boy Scouts of America National Council. The Oakland-Piedmont Council followed later in 1916. The San Francisco Council and also the Alameda Council followed in 1917.
The Silverado Area Council was founded in 1917 as the Napa Council, changing its name to the Napa County Council in 1922, and again in 1928 to the Silverado Area Council. The Luther Burbank Council (#034) merged into Napa County in 1927.
In 2012, the Mount Diablo Silverado Council voted against a merger with the San Francisco Bay Area Council.
Districts.
"Further Information: Mt. DIablo Silverado Council Districts, Scoutreach"
Notes on District Names:
External Links (non-council):
Wolfeboro Pioneers.
The Wolfeboro Pioneers are one of the few surviving local BSA honor societies in the United States that has not been absorbed by the Order of the Arrow. The Wolfeboro Pioneers is a Boy Scout camping honor society based out of Camp Wolfeboro near Arnold, California. The society was founded in the summer of 1929 by returning Scouts and Scouters who were devoted to creating and preserving the camp's unique tradition. An insight into the society in 1996 is given by a Scouter on the Scouts-L list.
Beginning in the 1930s, the Order of the Arrow absorbed many of the small Boy Scout honor societies that had thrived during Scouting's first two decades. This happened in 1944 in Silverado Council. The Order of the Arrow established itself in Mt. Diablo Council in the early 1950s.
Today, only a handful of minor organizations, the Wolfeboro Pioneers among them, exist in the United States. The Wolfeboro Pioneers is one of the largest of these minor organizations. Every summer, it inducts roughly 100 Scouts, a good annual induction rate for a minor organization. These Scouts come not only from California, but from around the nation and world.
Election procedures.
Since then, individuals have been inducted into the society through election. Eligible Scouts are nominated by the Scoutmaster and elected by their troop. The number of Scouts eligible per troop depends on the number of Scouts in the troop rounded up to the closest tenth then divided by ten (i.e. if the troop size is 30, then three Scouts are eligible, if 21 then still three Scouts are eligible). Elections are conducted in pairs by Pioneer members (usually uniformed) who disperse throughout the various campsites. The Pioneers are responsible for reading and explaining the election procedures to the assembled Scouts. The Scoutmaster has the ability to veto the troop's decision. Votes are then taken back to Pioneer Rock where they are counted by Pioneer officials.
Originally only the initial returning Scouts were "pioneers" and for a number of years no one was added to their number. The society realized that if they were to survive it would be necessary to induct in new members who possessed the same spirit of the original pioneers. The original procedure was that if a Scout met the requirements described above and had worked on at least one pioneer sponsored work party, then he was eligible for nomination. Prior to the final campfire of the week the pioneers would gather on pioneer rock and nominate candidates and plead their case. Upon end of discussion, a vote would be taken.
To be eligible for candidacy, Scouts must have spent two weeks at Camp Wolfeboro, one of which must have been in a previous year. They must have held (or be holding) a position in their troop that is on the approved list for Eagle within the Boy Scout Handbook 11th edition, p. 446. They must also be First Class rank or above and have Scoutmaster approval before eligibility can take effect.
Some troops, due to unusual size or other quality, amend these eligibility rules. For example, some troops choose to nominate only Scouts that are Star or higher.
Scouters/parents must be nominated by a member of the troop they are camping with. The nomination must be seconded, and thirded by individuals present at the Thursday night Pioneer meeting. The only requirement for adults is that they have spent two weeks at Camp Wolfeboro, one of which must have been in a previous year. Unlike in the election of Scouts (excluding Venturers), females are eligible for election.
Ceremony.
Shortly after the final dinner on Friday night, Scouts assemble at Bravo How campfire circle at the foot of Pioneer Rock. The ceremony begins with the Pioneer historian giving a short history of the camp and the organization. After that, the Pioneers, assembled on the rock, lead the Scouts seated on the logs below in singing the traditional song, "Patsy Ory Ory Ay." When this is completed, the Pioneers slip away and form a ladder on either side of the trail leading to the main campfire circle. In a matter of minutes, the Scouts, Scouters, and parents who have come to watch the event form a column behind a number of Pioneer torchbearers who lead the way to the main campfire circle. The Pioneers lining the parade route hold their fingers in the Scout Sign and stand at rigid attention to signal the somber nature of the event and to call for observance of its importance through absolute silence. The Scouts are seated and the Pioneers disperse and retreat to the second Pioneer Rock, situated so that it overlooks the main campfire circle. The Pioneer Sergeant-at-Arms, breaking the silence, decrees in a booming voice: "Let The Fires Of Friendship Burn!" The campfires are then lit and, for the next hour, Scout troops perform songs and skits for the assembled crowd. After the skits have finished, the Calling-Out Ceremony begins. The Pioneers form a human "ladder" that runs from the stage to the top of Pioneer Rock. Each Scout is called out and is helped up the ladder to the top of Pioneer Rock. Along the way, they are congratulated by current members. After the ceremony ends, they embark on an initiation process that takes until the early hours of the morning.
Duties.
The Wolfeboro Pioneers' official mission is to preserve and improve Camp Wolfeboro and its traditions. To this end, the Wolfeboro Pioneers assist in the opening and closing of camp each summer, as well as assisting in multiple service projects throughout most summers (in addition to the Camp Wolfeboro Workparty each Tuesday evening). Examples of the work the Pioneers have done include the maintenance of the road into camp, as well as the refurbishments of the dining hall in recent years. The Pioneers are also responsible for at least 90% of the trails within camp.
A second duty of the Wolfeboro Pioneers involves the preservation of the history of Camp Wolfeboro through the creation and maintenance of the Pioneer scrapbooks, as well as the writing and printing of "Wolfeboro Sings", the official songbook. The scrapbooks are currently updated through the summer of 1998 and contain photos, clippings, and patches from the camp's history. Currently (as of June 2007) the Pioneers are actively working on updating the Camp Wolfeboro history since 2000 in the scrapbooks, as well as pursuing a new edition of "Wolfeboro Sings."
There are three Pioneer rocks. One in the center of camp, one at the main campfire circle and a third secret one. No one is permitted to walk on the rock unless they are a Pioneer.
Apparel.
The official color of the Wolfeboro Pioneers is "Pioneer Blue," which currently most closely resembles azure. The actual color of the Pioneers has varied considerably over the 75+ year history, ranging from teal to darker royal blue. Many pieces of Pioneer apparel have been created over the years since 1929, including t-shirts, polos, neckerchieves, and fleece jackets. As well, a large variety of patches, designed primarily for the temporary insignia location on the right breast pocket of the Boy Scout uniform, have been issued, most of which can be viewed at camp in the Pioneer scrapbooks.
Order of the Arrow.
Mount Diablo Silverado Council's Order of the Arrow lodge is the Ut-in Silica Lodge #58

</doc>
<doc id="18738204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738204" title="Mieczysław Małecki">
Mieczysław Małecki

Mieczysław Małecki (1903–1946) was a Polish linguist. Professor at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków, during World War II under a cover of collaboration with the Nazi-run "Institut für Deutsche Ostarbeit" he in fact, with support of the Polish Underground State, used his position to organize much of the Polish underground education in occupied Kraków.. He resumed his post at the Jagiellonian University after the war, although he died shortly afterwards (in 1946).

</doc>
<doc id="18738208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738208" title="Canon de 105 modèle 1925/27 Schneider">
Canon de 105 modèle 1925/27 Schneider

The Canon de 105 modèle 1925/27 Schneider was a heavy field gun used by Greece during World War II. It was bought at the same time as the Canon de 85 modèle 1927 Schneider The Germans allotted this gun the designation of 10.5 cm Kanone 340(g), but it is unknown if they actually used them themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="18738210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738210" title="Omar Vásquez">
Omar Vásquez

Edson Omar Vásquez Ortega (born August 15, 1989 in El Zulia, Norte de Santander) is a Colombian football midfield. He currently plays for Millonarios Fútbol Club in the Categoría Primera A. Vásquez is a product of the Millonarios youth system and played with the Millonarios first team since November, 2007

</doc>
<doc id="18738228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738228" title="Punks Suing Punks">
Punks Suing Punks

Punks Suing Punks is an EP released by the underground punk rock band Free Kitten, in 1996. It was their second of three releases on Kill Rock Stars. The third track on the EP is called "Coco's Theme", this track is most likely named after Kim Gordon and Thurston Moore's daughter Coco Hayley Gordon Moore.

</doc>
<doc id="18738235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738235" title="Felix the Cat (TV series)">
Felix the Cat (TV series)

Felix the Cat is the first television series featuring the famous cartoon character Felix the Cat.
In 1954 Otto Messmer retired from the Felix daily newspaper strips, and his assistant Joe Oriolo (the creator of Casper the Friendly Ghost) took over. Oriolo struck a deal with Felix's new owner to begin a new series of Felix cartoons on television. Oriolo went on to star Felix in 260 television cartoons distributed by Trans-Lux. Like the Van Beuren studio before, Oriolo gave Felix a more domesticated and pedestrian personality, geared more toward children, and introduced now-familiar elements such as Felix's "Magic Bag of Tricks", a satchel that could assume the shape and characteristics of anything Felix wanted.
Background.
The show did away with Felix's previous supporting cast and introduced many new characters. These characters were performed by voice actor Jack Mercer. Oriolo's plots revolve around the unsuccessful attempts of the antagonists to steal Felix's Magic Bag, though in an unusual twist, these antagonists are occasionally depicted as Felix's friends as well. The cartoons proved popular, but critics have dismissed them as paling in comparison to the earlier Sullivan-Messmer works, especially since Oriolo aimed the cartoons at children. Limited animation (required due to budgetary restraints) and simplistic storylines did nothing to diminish the series' popularity.
Theme song.
The program is also remembered for its distinctive theme song. It was written by Winston Sharples and performed by 1950s big band singer Ann Bennett.
The lyrics are as follows:
"Felix the Cat, the wonderful wonderful cat.
Whenever he gets in a fix, he reaches into his bag of tricks.
Felix the Cat, the wonderful wonderful cat.
You'll laugh so much your sides will ache, your heart will go pitter-pat, 
Watching Felix, the wonderful cat."

</doc>
<doc id="18738270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738270" title="Hartwig (surname)">
Hartwig (surname)

Hartwig is a surname of Swedish origin, meaning "brave in battle". The first appeared in Pomerania in the wake of the Thirty Years War. 
Finnish variants of the name, derived from the North German form "Harteke", include "Hartik" (archaic), "Hartikka", "Harto", "Hartto", "Harttu", "Hartus", "Harttula", "Hartikkala", "Hartoinen", "Hartuinen" and most often, "Hartikainen", a Savonian noble variant. 
The surname Hartwig may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18738277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738277" title="Gary L. Sharpe">
Gary L. Sharpe

Gary Lawrence Sharpe (born 1947 in Cortland, New York) is a federal judge on the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of New York. Judge Sharpe graduated from the University at Buffalo with a B.A. in 1971 and Cornell Law School with a J.D. in 1974. He was United States Attorney for the Northern District of New York from 1992 to 1994. He was nominated to the court by George W. Bush on April 28, 2003, to a seat vacated by Thomas J. McAvoy, confirmed by the Senate on January 28, 2004, and received his commission on January 29, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18738295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738295" title="1933 Chatham Cup">
1933 Chatham Cup

The 1933 Chatham Cup was the 11th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis, with seven regional associations (Auckland, Walkato, Wellington, Manawatu, Buller, Canterbury, and Otago) each holding separate qualifying rounds.
Teams taking part in the final rounds are known to have included Ponsonby, Hamilton Wanderers, St. Andrews (Manawatu), Waterside (Wellington), Riccarton, Millerton All Blacks and Maori Hill (Dunedin).
The 1933 final.
Ponsonby won their second title, having previously held the cup in 1927. John Morrison and Bob Innes were the only two players to have been in both winning teams. Millerton reached the final for the second consecutive time, but again finished runners-up. In the final, Millerton dominated the first half but were unable to beat the Ponsonby defence. Jack Jepson put the Auckland side up after 20 minutes against the run of play, and Innes doubled the lead before the break through a defensive mistake. In the second spell Tom Pollock pulled a goal back for Millerton, but they were unable to get a second breakthrough, despite having several good chances.

</doc>
<doc id="18738316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738316" title="Julian Austin">
Julian Austin

Julian Austin may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18738319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738319" title="David N. Hurd">
David N. Hurd

David N. Hurd (b. 1937 in Hancock, New York) is a federal judge for the U.S. District Court, Northern District of New York. Judge Hurd graduated from Cornell University with a B.S. in 1959 and from Syracuse University College of Law with a J.D. in 1963. He was nominated to the court by President Bill Clinton on February 12, 1999, to a seat vacated by Constantine George Cholakis, confirmed by the United States Senate on September 13, 1999, and received his commission on September 22, 1999. 
He is a contributing member of the Honor Roll of ILR Donors for Cornell University and has presided as a judge for the Cuccia Cup Moot Court Competition at Cornell Law School.

</doc>
<doc id="18738325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738325" title="Diego Armando Basto">
Diego Armando Basto

Diego Armando Basto (born 1 January 1988) is a Colombian football midfielder, who plays for Llaneros in Categoría Primera B. He previously played for Millonarios in the Copa Mustang.

</doc>
<doc id="18738329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738329" title="Jay Bezel">
Jay Bezel

Jay Bezel (born April 13, 1983), also known as Bezel, is a Philadelphia-born rapper. He also have lived in New York as well as Atlanta.
Bezel started his career in Philly hitting the streets with mixtapes and doing local DVDs. He quickly made a name for himself. He later signed with Cam'ron and The Diplomats' label, Diplomat Records in 2003. He released a few solo mixtapes while with the Diplomats(Phila. Beast Vol. 1 & 2, Certified Gangsta and Savior 2 Da City), appeared on various Diplomat mixtapes and Diplomat albums such as Juelz Santana's "What's The Game's Been Missing"...Duke Da God's "More Than Music Vol. 1 & 2, and Jim Jones "On My Way To Church" where he was the driving force behind such singles as "Best Out and "Certified Gangstas". Bezel's "The Philadelphia Beast Vol. 2" was released to stores on January 30, 2007, and featured appearances from Lil Wayne and Juelz Santana. Later that year, Bezel teamed up with fellow Philadelphia-area rappers Tone Trump and Hedonis da Amazon to produce an antiviolence single entitled "Every Day Is Crazy."
After parting ways with Juelz Santana and renouncing his affiliation with DipSet/Skull Gang, Bezel started his own movement called "Doe Stackaz Ent.". Bezel and his partner Alpha has been doing it independently and hitting the streets hard. Bezel released his first project (without a DipSet affiliation) in 2009 entitled "Phila. Beast Vol.4 (Life After Death of the Set) hosted by DJ Lazy K and DJ Alamo (Doe Stackaz Ent.'s official DJ). This mixtape was a huge success for Bezel. This mixtape included features from artist such as Nicki Minaj, Pusha T, Soulja Boy and more.
In February 2008, Bezel signed a contract with Focus Entertainment. He has also recently collaborated with fellow Dipset member 40 Cal on a new track about the rap collective's possible demise. Bezel helped produce Lil Wayne's album "Tha Carter III", and also made an appearance on Sin's album, "The Supreme Poet".

</doc>
<doc id="18738360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738360" title="United States House of Representatives elections in New Hampshire, 2008">
United States House of Representatives elections in New Hampshire, 2008

The 2008 congressional elections in New Hampshire were held on November 4, 2008 to determine who would represent the state of New Hampshire in the United States House of Representatives during the 111th Congress from January 3, 2009 until January 3, 2011. Both seats were held by Democratic incumbents before the election, which coincided with the 2008 presidential election, as well as the state's senatorial and gubernatorial elections. 
The primary election was held on September 9, 2008. Republicans selected Former Representative Jeb Bradley and newspaper columnist and radio show host Jennifer Horn to challenge incumbent Representatives Carol Shea-Porter and Paul Hodes. Although "CQ Politics" had forecast the First Congressional District to be at risk for a change of party control, both incumbents were re-elected.
District 1.
This district covers the southeastern and eastern portions of New Hampshire, consisting of three general areas: Greater Manchester, the Seacoast and the Lakes Region. It includes all of Carroll and Strafford counties, almost all of Rockingham county, a small portion of Hillsborough County, and one town in Merrimack County.
Democratic incumbent Carol Shea-Porter defeated Republican nominee Jeb Bradley and Libertarian Robert Kingsbury. CQ Politics forecasted the race as 'No Clear Favorite'; The Rothenberg Political Report ranked the race as 'Pure Toss-Up'; and The Cook Political Report listed the race as a 'Democratic Toss-Up'.
Shea-Porter squeaked into Congress by a 51% to 49% margin against incumbent Republican Bradley in one of the greatest upsets of the 2006 election cycle. In January 2007, Bradley announced his intent to seek a rematch in 2008. He faced and defeated Former Assistant Attorney General and Department of Health and Human Services commissioner John Stephen in a close Republican primary. Shea-Porter did not face a primary challenge. George W. Bush narrowly won this district with 51% to 49% for John Kerry in 2004 (CPVI=R+0).
Opinion Polling.
The University of New Hampshire's Granite State Poll conducted in July found that incumbent Representative Carol Shea-Porter had a +3% net favorability rating in the district (35% favorable, 32% unfavorable, 9% neutral, and 24% did not know enough about her) while Former Representative Jeb Bradley had a net favorability rating of +21% (48% favorable, 27% unfavorable, 8% neutral, and 17% did not know enough about him). The majority of Republicans supported Bradley, Democrats supported Shea-Porter, and Independents were leaning toward Bradley (40% to 26%). Shea-Porter led among women (46% to 36%) and Bradley led among men (56% to 34%).
In September, the fall Granite State Poll found that Shea-Porter's net favorability had increased to +13% (44% favorable, 31% unfavorable, 5% neutral, and 20% did not know enough about her), while Bradley's favorability has fallen to +7% (36% favorable, 29% unfavorable, 14% neutral, and 21% did not know enough about him). The majority of Republicans supported Bradley, Democrats supported Shea-Porter, and Independents were leaning toward Bradley (44% to 38%). Shea-Porter continued to lead among women (50% to 39%) and Bradley maintained his lead among men (52% to 32%).
Current Candidate Websites
Former Candidate Websites
District 2.
This district consists of the western and northern portions of the state, including all of Cheshire, Coos, Grafton, and Sullivan counties as well as almost all of Merrimack and Hillsborough counties plus three towns in Rockingham county and two towns in Belknap county. 
Democratic incumbent Paul Hodes defeated Republican nominee Jennifer Horn and Libertarian Chester L. Lapointe, II. CQ Politics forecasted the race as 'Democrat Favored'.
In 2006, Democrat Hodes upended Republican incumbent Charlie Bass with a 53% to 45% victory. In 2008 Jennifer Horn, a radio talk show host, won the Republican primary against former Congressional Aide Grant Bosse, State Senator Bob Clegg, businessman Jim Steiner and Alfred L'Eplattenier. John Kerry narrowly won the district with 52% of the vote in 2004 (CPVI=D+3).

</doc>
<doc id="18738376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738376" title="Edmund Port">
Edmund Port

Edmund Port (February 6, 1906 Syracuse, New York - March 2, 1986) was a federal judge for the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of New York. Judge Port graduated from Syracuse University College of Law with an LL.B. in 1929. He was United States Attorney for the Northern District of New York from 1951 to 1953. He was nominated to the court by Lyndon B. Johnson on April 30, 1964, to a seat vacated by Stephen W. Brennan, confirmed by the United States Senate on July 1, 1964, and received his commission on July 2, 1964. He assumed senior status on February 7, 1976 and his service terminated on March 2, 1986, due to death.

</doc>
<doc id="18738380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738380" title="List of dates in the history of conservation and restoration">
List of dates in the history of conservation and restoration

This page details the historic development of Art conservation in Europe and the United States.
Important dates in the history of art conservation.
Some key dates in the history of conservation in Europe and the United States include:
1565 Restoration of the Sistine Chapel frescoes began years after the ceilings were painted.
1726 First attempt was made to restore Leonardo da Vinci's Last Supper by Michelangelo Bellotti.
1729 First recorded transfer had been carried out by Domenico Michelini in Venice for a Titian painting (Ulisse Forni, Manuale del pittore restauratore, 1866, p. 106). The profession of restoration becomes more visible in the following years. In the 18th century, painting restoration became a separate profession in France.
1735 to 1820 Restoration of paintings in the Spanish royal collections following a 1734 fire. Hundreds of important paintings were methodically treated in a specially constructed studio; materials used have been documented by Zahira Véliz. (Zahira Véliz "The Restoration of Paintings in the Spanish Royal Collections, 1734-1820," Studies in the History of Painting Restoration, ed. Christine Sitwell and Sarah Staniforth, Archetype Publications, 1998, pp. 43–62.)
1777, 1785 Pietro Edwards, Director of the Restoration of the Public Pictures of Venice and the Rialto, published on basic concepts of preventive conservation, original vices of painters’ materials, respect for the artist’s original intent, and reversibility.
1794 Charles Willson Peale recorded in his memo book using wax to impregnate paintings. By the middle of the 19th century, paintings were being wax lined; Rembrandt’s Night Watch was wax-lined in 1851. precedent above with glue; first there was impregnation with an adhesive and some years later, lining. Analogous to the 20th-century use of PVA/EVA etc.
1809 Count Chaptal of Napoleon’s court filed a report regarding pigments used in Pompeii. analysis of artists’ materials appears and increases in the 19th century.
1815 Pigment studies by Sir Humphry Davy (he had a small portable chemical laboratory and traveled around Europe, accompanied by Michael Faraday 1813-1815)
1850 First U.S. Art Restoration Company was formed in New York City – Oliver Brothers Smitsonian Institution, James Oliver account books
1851 Rembrandt’s Night Watch is relined with a wax adhesive.
1852 The cleaning by John Seguier of nine major pictures in the National Gallery, London led to a fierce public outcry and demand for an inquiry. Cleaning controversies followed in London, Paris, Munich, (in the US by 1978, and about the Sistine Chapel by 1985). (Cleaning controversies had also erupted re. policies at the Louvre in 1793.)
1850-1853 Michael Faraday carried out analytical and deterioration studies for the National Gallery, London, investigated varnishes, cleaning methods and the impact of London fog, coal smoke, and gas lighting on the discoloration of surface coatings. His findings were generally ignored.
1860s Oliver Brothers Fine Art Restoration and Conservation has expanded and opened a location in Boston. 
1863 Max Pettenkofer of Munich patented a method to “reverse the aging of varnish” through exposure to ethanol vapors; this method was later found to increase the interactive zone between paintings and varnish, complicating future cleanings Sibylle Schmitt, IIC 1990.
1870s Louis Pasteur carried out analytical studies of paint and optical crystallography for over a decade.
1888 Friedrich Rathgen became chemist in charge of the Royal Museums of Berlin (Staatliche Museen), first museum laboratory
1896 Wilhelm Röntgen discovered x-rays in 1895 and x-rayed a painting the next year. He called them “X-rays”, using the mathematical designation for something unknown.
1920s George T Oliver of Oliver Brothers Fine Art Restoration, Boston has invented world’s first vacuum table for re-lining paintings. The patent was filed in 1937.
British Museum Research Laboratory established under the direction of Alexander Scott as a direct response to the poor state of the museum’s collections.
1928 Fogg Art Museum’s Technical Department established by the museum’s Director, Edward W. Forbes; this was the first research laboratory in an American museum. His allies for technical studies of paintings were Daniel V. Thompson and Alan Burroughs. George L. Stout became Head Conservator and Rutherford John Gettens, the department’s chemist. http://www.artmuseums.harvard.edu/information/internstraus.html 
1928 Questionnaire initiated by the German museum council in 1928 on how much to clean, how much to inpaint was a leading international art center at this time. German activities at an international level ended when the National Socialists assumed power in 1933; art experts who emigrated (e.g. Max J. Friedländer, Ernst Gombrich, Julius S. Held, Johannes Hell, Helmut Ruhemann, William Suhr, etc.) influenced attitudes in U.K. and U.S.
1930 The first “International Conference for the Study of Scientific Methods for the Examination and Preservation of Works of Art” held in Rome, 13-17, October. Impact on: the founding of IIC, ICOM-CC, many training programs, ethics, standards of practice, documentation, preventive conservation, etc.
1930 Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, laboratory established.
1931 Louvre Museum Laboratory established.
1931 James J. Rorimer of the Metropolitan Museum published Ultra-violet Rays and Their Use in the Examination of Works of Art.
1930 The first International “Conference for the Study of Scientific Methods for the Examination and Preservation of Works of Art,” Rome. This group decided to edit a “Manual on the Conservation of Paintings” first published in French in 1939, a remarkable international collaborative effort. Re-issued by Archetype, 1997, copyright ICOM.
1931 Conservation department established at the ] under David Rosen, and chemist Arthur Kopp established a laboratory at the Metropolitan Museum of Art
1932-1942 Publication of Technical Studies in the Field of the Fine Arts, published for the Fogg Museum of Art, first technical journal.
1932 First edition of the Carta del Restauro (Restoration Charter) prepared, based on the Athens Charter of 1931.
1934 Conservation training program began at the Courtauld Institute in London.
1934 First translated publication of Max Doerner’s The Materials of the Artist and their Use in Paintings. Professor Doerner (1870–1939) was instructor/professor in technical methods at the Royal Bavarian Academy in Munich 1911-1939.
1936 Conservation training program began at the Akademie der Bildenden Künste in Vienna.
1937 Founding of the State Institute for Technical Tests and Research in the Field of Painting, called the “Doerner Institute.” This Institute also began a training program the next year. http://www.pinakothek.de/alte-pinakothek/museum/doernerinstitut/doernerinstitut_en.php
1938 Alan Burroughs of the Fogg Art Museum published Art Criticism from a Laboratory, based on his research x-radiographing Old Master paintings.
1939 The Istituto Superiore per la Conservazione ed il Restauro (formerly the Istituto Centrale per il Restauro), the Italian body responsible for restoration/conservation rules, is formed in Rome.
1940 Manual on the Conservation of Paintings (from the 1930 Rome Conference) published in French in 1939 and in English in 1940. Compiled by 12 international experts: five art historians, five restorers, and two chemists.
1943 Conservation training program at the Istituto Centrale in Rome http://www.icr.beniculturali.it/Sito_rel_02/sclemente3.htm
1946 The International Council of Museums was organized at a meeting held in November at the Louvre. A non-governmental organization composed of National Committees in the various member nations with the purpose of furthering international cooperation among museums. The Committee for Conservation (now known as ICOM-CC) began in 1967. Triennial meetings began in 1969. http://www.icom-cc.org/
1947 Trial of H. A. van Meegeren, convicted of forging paintings by Vermeer. The discussions among Paul Coremans, Harold Plenderleith, and F. I. G. Rawlins in connection with this trial were credited by Hero Boothroyd Brooks as important to the establishment of the International Institute for Conservation.
1947 Exhibition of cleaned paintings at the National Gallery, London. Controversy and inquiry resulted in the Weaver Report, 1948. (Committee: Paul Coremans, George L. Stout, J. R. H. Weaver, President of Trinity College, Oxford.)
1948 Institute Royale du Patrimoine Artistique founded, Brussels; dedicated to the study and conservation of the artistic and cultural heritage of the country. As a federal scientific institution, the Institute's primary mission is research and public service. http://www.kikirpa.be/www2/En/Home/Infos.htm
1948 Use of hot table reported, Stephen Rees Jones, Courtauld Institute.
1948 The Institut Royal du Patrimoine Artistique (IRPA) is founded in Brussels, Paul Coremans, Director
1948 The “Brussels Preparatory Meeting” is held to plan the founding of the International Institute for Conservation.
1949 Conservation training program at the Institut für Technologie der Malerei in Stuttgart.
1950 IIC, the International Institute for Conservation, originally known as the “International Institute for the Conservation of Museum Objects,” was incorporated on 27 April 1950. A short history of IIC by Hero Boothroyd Brooks was published on the occasion of its 50th anniversary in 2000. http://www.iiconservation.org/ Now 2389 members. Fellows, 1533 individuals, 160 students, 388 institutions July 2007
1952 First issue of Studies in Conservation, from the International Institute for Conservation.
1952 First regional center in the US opened, the Oberlin Intermuseum Conservation Association, now located in Cleveland. http://www.ica-artconservation.org/
1955 First issue of IIC Abstracts by the International Institute for Conservation. This became Art and Archaeology Technical Abstracts in 1966 when it was published from the NYU, Institute of Fine Arts, Conservation Center, (JHS was Managing Editor from 1969 to 1986). The administration of AATA moved from the NYU Conservation Center to the Getty Conservation Institute in 1985 and the publication went entirely online in 2003 http://aata.getty.edu/NPS/
1955 Introduction of vacuum pressure for the hot table, R. E. Straub, S. Rees Jones, Studies in Conservation, Vol. II.
1957 Establishment of a laboratory of biology applied to the art conservation at the Istituto Centrale in Rome. Microbiologist Clelia Giacobini was Director from 1964 to 1995.
1959 The Rome Centre for the Study of the Preservation and Restoration of Cultural Property began operation. Harold Plenderleith, Director. (Known as ICCROM since 1978. http://www.iccrom.org) Now has 129 member states. Publications, guidelines, an extensive conservation library and international training programs.
1960 The heated vacuum re-lining table for painting restoration developed by Jack Willard in the UK.
1960 First regular meeting of the IIC-American Group, Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. Now known as the American Institute for Conservation with more than 3300 members (as of 06). http://aic.stanford.edu/
1960 First four students began graduate training in conservation at the Conservation Center, Institute of Fine Arts, New York University (First graduate art conservation training program in the U.S.) http://www.nyu.edu/gsas/dept/fineart/ifa/index_chan.htm Four-year program, moved across the street to 14 East 78th Street, NYC in 1983.
1963 Establishment of the Conservation Analytical Laboratory at the Smithsonian Institution. Moved in 1983 to the Museum Support Center in Suitland, Maryland. In 1998, renamed SCMRE, the Smithsonian Center for Materials Research and Education. In 2006, renamed MCI, Museum Conservation Institute, http://www.si.edu/mci/
1963 "Teoria del Restauro" by Cesare Brandi first published.
1965 National Endowment for the Arts founded. The Museum Program began in 1971 and awarded about $11 million to help start Regional Conservation Centers under John Spencer.
1966 November, Florence Flood; brought international awareness to issues of art conservation. The gathering of international conservation professionals together over the next several years stimulated collaboration and the founding of a number of European conservation training programs.
1967 The beginning of the ICOM-Committee for Conservation, first triennial meeting held in 1969.
1968 Publication of the first code of ethics and standards of practice for conservation internationally (“The Murray Pease Report”) by the IIC-American Group
1969 Publication of America’s Museums: The Belmont Report, AAM; the need for conservation of collections recognized, government support for conservation considered indispensable. Additional reports have followed from the IIC-AG in 1975, National Institute for Conservation, now known as Heritage Preservation, etc.
1969 First painting lined with BEVA 371 (by Gustav Berger). Gerry Hedley later reported the results of a survey in the mid-1980s that BEVA became the most popular lining adhesive internationally.
1970 First students began training in the three-year graduate program in conservation, Cooperstown Graduate Program, Cooperstown. NY; takes ten students a year, three-year program, moved to Buffalo State College in 1987. http://www.buffalostate.edu/depts/artconservation/
1970s There were three other full-time, three-year conservation training programs, at the Fogg Art Museum, the Oberlin Intermuseum Conservation Association in Ohio, and the Canadian Conservation Institute in Ottawa; all three ceased providing three-year programs by the end of the decade, but all continue to accept advanced interns.
1972 New version of the Carta del Restauro (Restoration Charter) published.
1973 IIC-AG changed to the AIC and began the Foundation of the American Institute for Conservation, its non-profit 501(c)(3) sister organization, and the Journal of the American Institute for Conservation. http://aic.stanford.edu/
1973 The National Conservation Advisory Council was organized in 1973, funded by the National Museum Act of the Smithsonian Institution. The NCAC surveyed national needs and became the National Institute for the Conservation of Cultural Property in 1982, and changed its name again to Heritage Preservation in 1997. Ca. 150 institutional members as of 2004-06. http://www.heritagepreservation.org/
1973 Andrew Oddy, the main conservator at the British Museum, proposed a test to determine the safety of materials to art objects, now called the Oddy test.
1974 First students began training in the three-year graduate program in conservation sponsored jointly by the University of Delaware and Winterthur Museum http://www.artcons.udel.edu/
1974 First students began training in the two-year graduate program in conservation at Queen’s University, Kingston, Ontario, Canada http://www.queensu.ca/art/programs_artc.html
1974 Rutherford John Gettens died a week after making a presentation about the need for a conservation history project. FAIC oral history project launched in 1975. Over 239 transcribed interviews now available to researchers housed in the Winterthur Museum archives.
1974, 1975, 1976 “Moratoria” on lining declared at conferences at Greenwich, UK; Venice (ICOM-CC 1975), and Ottawa (sponsored by the National Gallery, Canada). Lining practices were reexamined and the regular lining of paintings as a preventive measure by practicing professional conservators decreased steadily. (NOTE: this occurred ca. two decades after the introduction of vacuum lining. A philosophy of “minimal intervention” gained increasing numbers of supporters in all specialties over the next three decades.
1976 Research Center on the Materials of the Artist and Conservator at Carnegie Mellon University established, Dr. Robert L. Feller, Director. Now “Art Conservation Research Center” http://www.cmu.edu/acrc/
1978 ICOM-CC created the first working paper on the draft definition of the conservator-restorer.
1980 The Midwest Regional Conservation Guild is formed and holds its first Annual Meeting at the Indianapolis Museum of Art in the Spring of 1981.
1981 The Conservation Education Program at Columbia University accepted students for training in library and archives conservation. This Program moved to the University of Texas in 1992. http://www.ischool.utexas.edu/programs/pcs/
1982 Major branches of the J. Paul Getty Trust were first defined.
1982 Interdisciplinary publications reflecting George L. Stout’s concept of the “three-legged stool,” co-authored by conservators, art historians, and scientists appear and increase in number: Art and Autoradiography (Metropolitan Museum, 1982); Examining Velasquez (Gridley McKim-Smith, Greta Andersen-Bergdoll, and Richard Newman, 1988).
1982 CAL, the “Conservation Analytical Laboratory” of the Smithsonian Institution, moved to Silver Hill, Maryland. A three-year program for furniture conservation was sponsored there for a limited period of time; a new class was accepted only every three years, and classes were scheduled so that professional furniture conservators could participate in segments but keep their practices. Later the name was changed to SCMRE and in 2005 to “MCI,” Museum Conservation Institute.
1984 First meeting of the Association of Graduate Training Programs in Conservation, in conjunction with the annual student conference, Harvard University faculty club; now known as ANAGPIC, Association of North American Graduate Programs in Conservation.
1984-1985 New methods of cleaning introduced by Professor Richard Wolbers, University of Delaware, including enzymes, resin soaps, and gels.
1985 Getty Conservation Institute began operations in Marina del Rey, CA; in 1997 moved to the Getty Center in Brentwood. http://www.getty.edu/conservation/institute/
1990 First students accepted in the Ph.D. Program in Art Conservation Research; six students graduated by 2003 at the University of Delaware. This program was not granted permanent status. A new Ph.D. program in Preservation Studies at the UD accepted its first students in 2006.
1990 NAGPRA, Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act.
1990 The CAA/Heritage Preservation Award for Distinction in Scholarship and Conservation was initiated for an outstanding contribution by one or more persons who, individual or jointly, have enhanced understanding of art through the application of knowledge and experience in conservation, art history, and art. Winners of this award include Robert L. Feller (92), Molly Ann Fairies (95), W. Thomas Chase, (98), Harry Cooper and Ron Spronk (02), Andrea Kirsh and Rustin S. Levenson (03), Carol Mancusi-Ungaro (04), Paolo Cherchi Usai (film preservation) (05); Don Kalec and Jim Thorpe (architectural conservation) (06).
1991 E.C.C.O. (European Confederation of Conservator-Restorers' Organisations) was created. The ECCO code of ethics was adopted in 1993.
1995 National Endowment for the Arts ceased funding training in art conservation.
1997 RAP, Regional Alliance for Preservation (RAP) began in February 1997 as a pilot project of the Commission on Preservation and Access (Washington, DC) to foster cooperation among the Preservation Field Service programs funded by the NEH. When pilot-project funding ended in February 1998, participants decided to continue RAP as a cooperative program; the alliance expanded to include members of the Association of Regional Conservation Centers (ARCC). http://www.rap-arcc.org/ There are now 13 members.
1999 The International Network for the Conservation of Contemporary Art (INCCA) was established, and by 2008 the network included 150 partner institutions, the majority located in Europe and the United States. Members of INCCA use www.incca.org as their communication platform.
2000 New funding for conservation science positions in graduate training programs and major museum conservation laboratories, initiated by Angelica Rudenstine and the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation.
2005 The graduate training program in archaeological conservation sponsored jointly by UCLA and the Getty Conservation Institute accepted its first class of students. http://www.getty.edu/conservation/education/ucla_getty/
2006 The new Preservation Studies Doctoral Program at the University of Delaware accepted its first three students.
2006 The launch of AMIEN, http://www.amien.org Art Materials Information and Education Network, jointly sponsored by Mark Gottsegen and The ICA, Cleveland (joining INCCA, the International Network for the Conservation of Contemporary Art, http://www.incca.org/ as a resource on the conservation of contemporary art).
External sources for dates in the history of art conservation.
Bewer, Francesca G. A Laboratory for Art: Harvard's Fogg Museum and the Emergence of Conservation in American, 1900-1950 (Cambridge, MA: Harvard Art Museum, 2010).
Stoner, J.H. (2005). Changing Approaches in Art Conservation: 1925 to the Present. In: Scientific Examination of Art: Modern Techniques in Conservation and Analysis, Arthur M. Sackler Colloquia, March 19–21, 2003, The National Academies Press, Washington, DC.
Stoner, J.H. (2000). "Are There Great Women Art Conservators". International Institute for Conservation Bulletin, No. 1,February, 3-7.
Stoner, J.H. (1998). “Documenting Ourselves: the history of 20th-century art conservation”.IIC Bulletin, 1998, No. 2, April, pp. 1–4.
Stoner, J.H. (1977). "An Oral History Archive," Museum News, 55, no. 6, July/Aug.

</doc>
<doc id="18738404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738404" title="HLA-B75">
HLA-B75

HLA-B75 (B75) is an HLA-B serotype. The serotype identifies certain B*15 gene-allele protein products of HLA-B. 
B75 is one of many split antigens of the broad antigen, B15. B75 (B*1502) is associated with a severe drug-induced skin condition in ethnic East Asians.
Diseases.
HLA-B*1502 is associated with Carbamazepine and phenytoin induced Stevens–Johnson syndrome in Chinese and Thai. One study showed a 100% association between B*1502 and the drug induced skin disorder in Chinese. In Europe the B*1502 positive patients are only found in this syndrome of persons of East Asian descent, however B58 confers susceptibility to both groups but to a lesser degree and is sensitive to allopurinol.

</doc>
<doc id="18738405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738405" title="Port Macquarie state by-election, 2008">
Port Macquarie state by-election, 2008

A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly seat of Port Macquarie on 18 October 2008. This was triggered by the resignation of independent MP Rob Oakeshott who was elected to the federal seat of Lyne at a by-election the previous month.
The writ for the Port Macquarie by-election was issued on 29 August, which was also when the rolls closed. Candidate nominations closed on 18 September. The by-election was contested on the same boundaries drawn for Port Macquarie at the 2007 state election. At that election, the independent MP won the seat over the Nationals by a two-party preferred margin of 78.2% to 21.8%.
Background.
Created in a 1988 redistribution, Port Macquarie has always been based on Port Macquarie and Laurieton–Camden Haven. It was a safe National Party seat prior to the election of Oakeshott, who was MP for Port Macquarie since 1996, becoming an independent in 2002.
Candidates.
The following candidates nominated for the election:
Campaign.
Federal Hume MP Alby Schultz was seen campaigning a few times for Besseling, referring to him as "the pick of the candidates", with similar support from Senator Bill Heffernan, sparking anger and resentment within the coalition.
Results.
Despite independent Rob Oakeshott moving into federal politics, another independent, Peter Besseling, retained the seat, winning on the primary and two party vote.

</doc>
<doc id="18738412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738412" title="Anuar Guerrero">
Anuar Guerrero

Anuar Guerrero (born 3 April 1979, in Santa Marta, Colombia) is a Colombian football forward, who currently plays for América de Cali in the Copa Mustang.

</doc>
<doc id="18738414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738414" title="Castleman Run Lake Wildlife Management Area">
Castleman Run Lake Wildlife Management Area

Castleman Run Lake Wildlife Management Area is located on near in Brooke and Ohio counties near Bethany, West Virginia. The moderate slopes are covered with mixed hardwoods, brushy vegetation, and open fields. The WMA is located about 3 miles south of Bethany on Castleman Run Road.
Hunting and Fishing.
Hunting opportunities, limited by the small size of the area, include deer, raccoon, squirrel, turkey and grouse. Fishing includes largemouth bass, bluegill, catfish, muskellunge, tiger musky, northern pike, and trout. Boating, with electric motors only, is permitted on the small lake. Camping is prohibited at this WMA.

</doc>
<doc id="18738434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738434" title="How Mill railway station">
How Mill railway station

How Mill railway station was a station which served the tiny village of How Mill, South-West of Brampton, England. The station was closed in 1959, just four years before the Beeching Axe, an informal name for the British Government's attempt in the 1960s to reduce the cost of running British Railways.

</doc>
<doc id="18738443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738443" title="Jamie D'Antona">
Jamie D'Antona

James Joseph D'Antona (born May 12, 1982 in Greenwich, Connecticut) is a professional baseball infielder.
D'Antona played college baseball for Wake Forest University where he had a .354 career batting average and 58 home runs. In , he was the ACC leader in slugging percentage, home runs, and RBI. D'Antona played third and first base in college and continued to play both positions while in the Arizona Diamondbacks organization. D'Antona was a member of the Chatham A's, as noted in The Last Best League.
Early life.
D'Antona played baseball alongside future major league pitcher Craig Breslow at Trumbull High School, and they won the LL State Baseball championship game.
Minor leagues.
Drafted by the Arizona Diamondbacks in the 2nd round of the 2003 Major League Baseball Draft, D'Antona finished the 2003 season with Low Single-A Yakima, where he hit 15 home runs in only 70 games. He was also a Short-Season Single-A All-Star and Northwest League All-Star. In , he played with High Single-A Lancaster, where he batted .315 and earned a late-season promotion to Double-A El Paso. With Double-A Tennessee in , D'Antona struggled to hit for average, only .249, which caused his home run total to drop to 9. In , again with Double-A Tennessee, he bounced back with a .312 batting average and was promoted to Triple-A Tucson for .
In , D'Antona batted near .400 for the first 2½ months, was selected to play in the All-Star Futures Game, and won the Triple-A Home Run Derby in triple overtime against Detroit Tigers minor league infielder Mike Hessman.
Major leagues.
D'Antona made his major league debut on July 22, collecting his first major league hit, a single, on the same day and in his first at-bat. D'Antona was called back up to the D'Backs as a September call up.
Following the season, D'Antona was released by the Diamondbacks so that he could sign with the Tokyo Yakult Swallows.
On January 12, 2011, the Florida Marlins signed D'Antona to a minor league contract. D'Antona was released by the Marlins on February 17, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18738456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738456" title="Metanoia (Yōsei Teikoku album)">
Metanoia (Yōsei Teikoku album)

metanoia is Yōsei Teikoku's second major debut album, released on November 7, 2007. It peaked at #49 on the Oricon album ranking charts. It features all new material.

</doc>
<doc id="18738466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738466" title="Frank Cooper (judge)">
Frank Cooper (judge)

Frank Cooper (October 1, 1869 – July 16, 1946) was a United States federal judge.
Cooper was born in Glenville, New York. He received an A.B. from Union University (New York) in 1893, and read law in 1895. He received an A.M. from Union University in 1896, and was in private practice of law in Schenectady, New York from 1895 to 1920, mostly representing corporations.
Cooper was a federal judge on the United States District Court for the Northern District of New York. Cooper was nominated by President Woodrow Wilson on April 29, 1920, to a new seat created by 40 Stat. 1156; He was confirmed by the United States Senate on June 3, 1920, and received his commission the same day. Assumed senior status on September 30, 1941. Cooper's service was terminated on July 16, 1946, due to death.

</doc>
<doc id="18738470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738470" title="Commonwealth Financial Network">
Commonwealth Financial Network

Commonwealth Financial Network is a privately held independent broker/dealer-RIA based in Waltham, Massachusetts, and 110 Plaza in San Diego, California. The company was founded in 1979 by Joseph S. Deitch and was incorporated under the name Commonwealth Equity Services. In 1999, the name Commonwealth Financial Network was adopted. Deitch remains Chairman of the firm. The firm is owned and controlled by its 11 managing principals.
Commonwealth has approximately 1,487 independent financial advisors and financial planners for whom it serves as a "back office," processing investment transactions on behalf of their clients, and to whom the firm provides resources and consulting services to support the advisors’ businesses.
Advisors who affiliate with the firm must earn a minimum of $200,000 in annual gross broker/dealer concessions (GDC). The percentage of the firm’s advisors earning more than $250,000 in annual GDC, and the average payout received per advisor, are among the highest of the top 10 independent broker/dealers.

</doc>
<doc id="18738486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738486" title="Boatwright">
Boatwright

Boatwright is a surname of English origin, meaning "boat builder". The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18738498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738498" title="The Ruum">
The Ruum

"The Ruum" is a 1953 short story with a pursuit theme by the American author Arthur Porges and is probably his best known work.
Plot.
A shape-shifting, indestructible robot—a "Type H-9 Ruum"—is accidentally left behind on earth during the age of the dinosaurs by visiting aliens, and not recovered because their ship is destroyed in a battle. The Ruum's work is collecting different species of animals weighing 160 pounds (give or take 15 pounds) and preserving them in a state of suspended animation for later retrieval.
Many millions of years later Jim Irwin, a uranium prospector in the Canadian Rocky Mountains, encounters the Ruum's specimens, animals which include modern and prehistoric mammals and a small Stegosaurus. After he has noticed that the animals are all of a uniform size, and alive, the still-functioning Ruum appears. Shooting it with a rifle does not damage it, and when the approaching blob-shaped Ruum reveals gripping hooks and a probe dripping green liquid, Irwin runs as it pursues him at a steady five miles per hour. It is noted that Irwin weighs 149 pounds.
Fit and military-trained, Irwin attempts to evade and destroy the Ruum. First he hides above his trail and drops a boulder on it, but this also fails to damage it. Then he climbs a sheer cliff, but the Ruum extrudes a climbing claw to the ledge where he is hidden. He tries to dislodge it with a stick, and finds the Ruum can generate an electric shock. He shoots it and dislodges it, but the Ruum is unharmed by the fall and responds by growing multiple claws. Having not had any time for food or sleep, Irwin eventually circles back to his camp by a lake and sets a trap with dynamite. Taking advantage of the Ruum's distraction by a grizzly bear, which it kills, he detonates the dynamite using a pistol bullet.
Dazed by the explosion, he sees the Ruum still unharmed and still approaching. Exhausted and defenseless, he awaits it adding him to its collection. However, it lifts him up, then puts him back down and leaves. Soon afterward, his colleague Walt Leonard arrives by seaplane and rescues him. Safely in the plane, they make plans to bring a helicopter and collect some of the Ruum's specimens in its absence to sell to scientists. Leonard comments on Irwin's haggard appearance, guessing him to have lost 10 pounds during the chase: the reader understands that this caused his weight to become less than the Ruum's weight criterion.

</doc>
<doc id="18738505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738505" title="Archery at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Archery at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Archery at the 2000 Summer Paralympics consisted of seven events, four for men and three for women. Competitors were divided into three categories:

</doc>
<doc id="18738544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738544" title="USS Savannah (1798)">
USS Savannah (1798)

The first USS "Savannah" was a coastal galley that served in the U.S. Navy from 1799 to 1802.
"Savannah" was one of a number of small vessels authorized by an Act of Congress, approved 4 May 1798, to be used as Naval Militia training craft and for harbor defense. The "Savannah" class was designed by Joshua Humphreys and built at Savannah, Georgia, by John Patterson.
"Savannah" was placed in service on 20 March 1799, with "Captain of a Galley" John F. Randolph in command. The galleys were placed under the immediate command of Major General Charles C. Pinckney on 19 April 1799.
"Savannah" was sold out of service in February 1802. 

</doc>
<doc id="18738586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738586" title="Boddy">
Boddy

Boddy is a surname of English origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18738642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738642" title="Garrison Cemetery (Annapolis Royal, Nova Scotia)">
Garrison Cemetery (Annapolis Royal, Nova Scotia)

Garrison Cemetery is a cemetery located on the grounds of Fort Anne in Annapolis Royal, Nova Scotia. It is located next to the old Court House, at the intersection of George St. and Nova Scotia Trunk 1.
Initially used as a burial ground for French military forces, it has since been used by Acadians, the British military and the parish of St. Lukes. The earliest remaining tombstone is from 1720, that of Bethiah Douglass who died October 1, 1720 in her 37th year. The Douglass marker is the oldest English gravestone in Canada.
Rose Fortune (1774–1864), a Black Loyalist and the first female police officer in what is now Canada is buried here.

</doc>
<doc id="18738649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738649" title="List of Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best Paperback Original winners">
List of Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best Paperback Original winners

Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best Paperback Original:

</doc>
<doc id="18738661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738661" title="WBOY-DT2">
WBOY-DT2

WBOY-DT2 is the ABC-affiliated television station for Clarksburg, West Virginia. It is a second digital subchannel of NBC affiliate WBOY-TV which is owned by West Virginia Media Holdings. Over-the-air, the station broadcasts a digital signal on VHF channel 12.2 from WBOY's transmitter east of downtown Clarksburg. They can also be seen on Time Warner Cable channel 14. It is the only ABC affiliate offered on Dish Network while the channel is not seen on Suddenlink Communications in West Milford. Known on-air as Your ABC, its parent station has studios on West Pike Street in Downtown Clarksburg. Syndicated programming on the station includes: "Two and a Half Men", "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", "The World's Funniest Moments", and "Storm Stories". 
Along with sister station WTRF-TV in Wheeling, WBOY launched a new second digital subchannel with ABC programming on July 17, 2008. Previously, both the Clarksburg / Weston / Fairmont market and the Wheeling / Steubenville market were served by WTAE-TV in Pittsburgh as the de facto affiliate. When WBOY-DT2 launched, it resulted in the debut of the area's first weeknight 7 o'clock newscast. Known as "12 News Live on ABC", it broadcasts exclusively on the ABC station. Otherwise, WBOY-DT2 simulcasts the weekday editions of "12 News" at 6 A.M., Noon, 6, and 11 P.M. It does not simulcast weekend broadcasts from the main channel. See the main WBOY article for current news personalities.

</doc>
<doc id="18738692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738692" title="Brampton Town railway station">
Brampton Town railway station

Brampton Town railway station was the terminus of the Brampton Town Branch, in the centre of Brampton, Cumbria, England. It was opened in 1775, to work on the Earl of Carlisle's Waggonway. By 1836, a horse-driven passenger service had been implemented when the track was realigned to meet up with the Newcastle and Carlisle Railway, providing a service to Milton station, now Brampton (Cumbria) station, about a mile out of town. 
The passenger service ended in 1881, however in 1913 the railway was taken over by the North Eastern Railway (NER), the track relaid the track and a steam hauled service to Brampton Junction was introduced. The NER did not run passenger services between 1917 and 1920. After being incorporated into the London and North Eastern Railway it was closed to passengers on 29 October 1923 and for goods on 31 December 1923. The track was lifted shortly afterwards but the course of the line can still be easily traced over most of its length as much of it now forms a public footpath.

</doc>
<doc id="18738767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738767" title="Mariano Díaz (photographer)">
Mariano Díaz (photographer)

Mariano Díaz Bravo (born 19 August 1929, in Rancagua, Chile) is a Chilean-born Venezuelan photographer, graphic designer and writer, best known for his contributions to the study and promotion of Venezuelan folk art. In 1993, he received the "Premio Nacional de Arte Popular" "Aquiles Nazoa" (Popular Culture National Prize), Venezuela's highest honor for folk artists and folk art promoters.
Biography.
Mariano Díaz was born on 19 August 1929, in the city of Rancagua, 87 km south of Chile's capital, Santiago. From 1954 to 1960, Díaz worked as a graphic designer for the University of Chile's Experimental Theater Department. Then, in 1960 he moved to Caracas, Venezuela, invited by the Universidad Central de Venezuela. In Venezuela he worked as a photojournalist, graphic designer and writer for several Venezuelan newspapers and magazines, including La Esfera, El Mundo, La República, and El Nacional. He was Director of Publications for the Universidad de Oriente, Director of Art and Publications Advisor for the President´s Central Information Office and Publications Coordinator for CVF. Since 1978, Díaz has exclusively worked as a free-lance writer and graphic designer.
In the late 1970s, Díaz also begins photographing, documenting and collecting Venezuelan folk art, interviewing folk artists and promoting their works. Since the 1980s, he has published several books that portray some of the most representative Venezuelan folk artists, including Feliciano Carvallo and Sixto Sarmiento.
He has won several prizes for his photographic works, including the Venezuelan National Council for Culture CONAC first prize for photography (1984)
As a tribute to his publications and continuing support of Venezuelan folk art, Díaz was awarded the "Premio Nacional de Arte Popular" "Aquiles Nazoa" (Popular Culture National Prize) in 1993.
In March, 2008, the Venezuelan National Museums Foundation bought 150 pieces of Díaz's folk art private collection, which are now part of a permanent exhibit at the Venezuelan National Folk Art Museum in Petare, Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="18738769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738769" title="Vissulaid">
Vissulaid

Vissulaid () is a small, uninhabited island in the Baltic Sea belonging to the country of Estonia. Its coordinates are 
Vissulaid lies just off the northern coast of the island of Hiiumaa, and as such, it is administered by Hiiu County. The closest human settlement to Vissulaid is Kärdla, which lies just southwest of Vissulaid on Hiiumaa.

</doc>
<doc id="18738771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738771" title="Battle of Samawah (2003)">
Battle of Samawah (2003)

The Battle of Samawah took place during the 2003 invasion of Iraq as American troops fought to clear the city of Iraqi forces. The city had been bypassed during the advance on Baghdad, leaving the task of clearing it to American paratroopers of the 82nd Airborne Divisionwith mechanized infantry and armor provided by units of the 1-41st Infantry and 2-70th Armor Battalions.
Before the battle.
As the U.S. 3rd Infantry Division advanced northwards to Baghdad, they avoided getting bogged down in urban combat by bypassing heavily defended Iraqi towns. Keeping to the south of the Euphrates River, they planned to cross the river directly south of Baghdad, in the Karbala Gap. 
Outside of Samawah from March 22 - March 25, the 3rd Infantry Division made contact with Iraqi forces outside Samawah, using artillery and airstrikes. Iraqi forces attacked the American armored columns and were slaughtered. It is estimated that 120-160 Iraqis died in this action, in which no Americans were killed.
The city was bypassed and did not seriously impede the 3rd Infantry Division's advance on Baghdad, but irregular forces based inside the city staged attacks on American supply lines. On March 25, the 2nd Brigade of the 82nd Airborne Division received the order to clear Samawah and by March 28 they had re-deployed to Talil Air Base in southern Iraq.
Battle.
The 2nd Brigade reached Samawah at 3:00 AM on March 30, expecting to assault a trench line on the eastern outskirts of the town. Instead, they discovered a sand berm surrounding a landfill, which was not defended by enemy forces. At dawn, the Americans began to advance towards the cement factory and received heavy small arms and RPG fire. A sharp firefight developed between the Americans hiding behind the berms in the landfill and the Iraqi forces around the factory. An Iraqi sniper fired from the top of the factory's smokestack until an American soldier fired a TOW missile into the smokestack, collapsing the structure. Lacking smoke shells for their mortars in order to screen their movements, American forces were unable to advance and pulled back to the east. OH-58D Kiowa Warrior helicopters arrived and attacked enemy mortar and RPG teams, and destroyed several technical vehicles. At around 3:00 PM, Navy F/A-18 Hornets arrived on station and bombed a warehouse attached to the cement factory. Fighting around the cement factory died down at nightfall. 
That night, the 2nd Battalion of the 325th Infantry Regiment launched a feint attack against the bridges in the town over the Euphrates River. The purpose was to draw the attention of Iraqi Republican Guard forces on the other side of the river, preventing them from attacking the 3rd ID's rear areas and fixing their positions so they could be destroyed by American air power. At the start of the assault, A-10 Thunderbolt II attack aircraft and 105 mm howitzers bombarded the north bank of the Euphrates. 2nd Battalion then attacked, seizing the bridges, crossing the river, and establishing a bridgehead on the north bank. Having achieved their objectives, the battalion pulled back at dawn. During this operation, an SUV attempted to run across the bridge at the Americans. After being hit with fire from a .50 caliber machine gun, the vehicle exploded into a fireball. It had been loaded with propane tanks for use as a suicide car bomb. The rest of the day saw only light fighting and the exchange of mortar fire.
At 7:00 PM on April 2, 1st Battalion of the 325th Infantry Regiment launched an attack on the cement factory with the support of an AC-130 gunship. They took the factory unopposed. Over the next two days, 2nd Brigade cleared the rest of the city, including an assault on the headquarters of an Iraqi paramilitary group on April 4. Rather than taking and holding ground, the Americans launched probing attacks into the city, engaged enemy forces, and then pulled back. Airstrikes were used against the Ba'ath Party Headquarters, a school used as a headquarters building, and a soccer field used as a rallying point. A hospital was also being used as a headquarters by Iraqi forces, however this was not bombed due to civilians in the area. By April 4, resistance had ceased and the city was declared cleared.

</doc>
<doc id="18738814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738814" title="Deezle">
Deezle

Darius Harrison, better known as Deezle, is an American record producer who was born and raised in New Orleans, Louisiana. He is most known for co-producing Lil Wayne's single "Lollipop" alongside Jim Jonsin. Harrison is currently launching his own production company, Drum Major Music. In addition to producing hit records, Deezle has also made musical contributions alongside Donald Harrison to movie scores such as: "Right to Return" and "Rachel Getting Married", by Academy Award–winning filmmaker, Jonathan Demme.

</doc>
<doc id="18738820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738820" title="Glycymeris modesta">
Glycymeris modesta

Glycymeris modesta, or the small dog cockle, is a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Glycymerididae. 

</doc>
<doc id="18738825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738825" title="Gegham Vardanyan">
Gegham Vardanyan

Gegham Vardanyan (born March 29, 1988 in Yerevan, Armenia) is an Armenian figure skater. He is the 2005 Armenian national champion.

</doc>
<doc id="18738840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738840" title="Alysson Paradis">
Alysson Paradis

Alysson Paradis (born Alison Paradis, May 29, 1983) is a French actress. She is the younger sister of French singer and actress Vanessa Paradis.

</doc>
<doc id="18738841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738841" title="Exellia">
Exellia

Exellia is a genus of extinct spadefish that lived in the Tethys Ocean during the early Paleogene. The adult form is shaped akin to a large spadefish or a short dolphinfish, with very large pelvic fins, and a long dorsal fin starting from in front of the eyes to near the base of the caudal peduncle. The juvenile form resembles a juvenile drumfish, with the dorsal fin forming a long crest on top of the head.
The earlier species, "E. proxima", is known from the Danata Formation Lagerstätten from the Late Paleocene of Turkmenistan. The latter-occurring species, "E. velifer", is the better studied species, and is known from numerous adult and juvenile specimens from the Middle Eocene Monte Bolca Lagerstätten.
Most researchers regard "Exellia" as a spadefish, though, some remove this genus, and the related "Eoluvarus" to a separate family, "Exelliidae."

</doc>
<doc id="18738842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738842" title="VacTrAK">
VacTrAK

VacTrAK "(formally the 'Vaccination Tracking System of Alaska')" is the statewide immunization registry for the State of Alaska. The web-based registry contains immunization records for all children in Alaska and it allows medical professionals throughout the state to access the those records. The base software was built by Scientific Technologies Corporation (STC), and is currently used under different names by over a dozen public health departments in the United States and Canada. While preliminary testing is currently underway, statewide implementation of the program is set for the fall 2008.
Etymology.
The name "VacTrAK" is a syllabic abbreviation of the "Vaccination Tracking System of Alaska" where AK stands for Alaska. The nickname is intended to liven-up the rather drab name "Alaska Immunization Information System" which STC had given the product.
Usage.
VacTrAK contains both a graphical user interface and a database which is accessible through secure socket connection via the internet. Vaccination records are stored and maintained at a central database, and physicians, nurses, and other medical personnel can view, edit, and update the records from any computer with an internet connection. As the State of Alaska issues immunization requirements for all children attending school or a licensed child care program, educational and day care administrators are able to access the records with read-only privileges in order to certify eligibility for enrollment.
The primary function of the program is to enable physicians to quickly identify and administer the appropriate immunizations according to the schedules set for by the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices. To that end, the program will issue reminders to both the family of the child and the practicing physician to alert of upcoming vaccination appointments. Because the system is integrated statewide, it reduces the chances of over-immunization and reduces missed opportunities when children attend different physicians within a vaccination series. This promises to have a profound impact in Alaska given the state's enormous geographic diversity and rather mobile population. In each record, VacTrAK also stores contraindications, allergies, and other information which a physician will take into account when administering a vaccine.
The program also keeps records and creates logs of vaccine usage, tracing any given vaccine from its arrival in Alaska to its actual administration. This is designed to prevent vaccine wastage and streamline the distribution network.
The Epidemiology Section of the Division of Public Health of the Department of Health and Social Services of the State of Alaska will also have access to the registry in its entirety. This will allow epidemiologists and public nurses to analyze the data in order to better target vaccination efforts and reduce the incidents of infectious disease outbreaks.
Management.
The Immunization Program of the Division of Public Health of the Department of Health and Social Services of the State of Alaska is responsible for implementing and maintaining VacTrAK. Funding for the registry was specifically outlined in the program's 2006 federal grant as per a Center for Disease Control requirement that all states implement centralized immunization registries in order to qualify for the federally funded Vaccines for Children program which provides approved vaccines to clinics free of charge.
Future of VacTrAK.
While records for all children of Alaska are automatically permitted inclusion in the registry (unless the parents or guardians specifically opt-out), enrollment in VacTrAK is currently voluntary on behalf of the health care providers. By 2010, however, all providers will be required to enroll in and provide accurate information to VacTrAK as a prerequisite to receiving vaccines free of charge through the Vaccines for Children.
References.
1. VacTrAK Welcome Packet. Division of Public Health, State of Alaska. 5 January 2009 
2. Immunization Registry Progress - United States, 2002. "Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report." Center for Disease Control, 20 April 2002.
3. STC Clients Reach 100 Million Combined Vaccination Records. Send 2 Press, 1 March 2006 
4. VacTrAK: Alaska's New Immunization Information System. "Official State of Alaska Alaska Press Release." Division of Public Health, State of Alaska, 5 January 2009 

</doc>
<doc id="18738843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738843" title="Romiplostim">
Romiplostim

Romiplostim (rINN, USAN) is a fusion protein analog of thrombopoietin, a hormone that regulates platelet production. 
Safety Concerns vs. Marketing.
The drug was developed by Amgen and is marketed under the trade name Nplate through a restricted usage program called NEXUS. During development and clinical trials the drug was called AMG531.
Romiplostin is indicated as a potential treatment for chronic idiopathic (immune) thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP). Romiplostim was designated an orphan drug by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 2003, as the chronic ITP population in the USA is under 200,000 (the chronic adult ITP population in the USA is thought to be around 60,000, with women outnumbering men by a factor of two). The wholesale cost of romiplostim if administered weekly is currently estimated at US $55,250 per year.
On August 22, 2008, the FDA approved romiplostim as a long-term treatment for chronic ITP in adults who have not responded to other treatments, such as corticosteroids, intravenous immunoglobulin, Rho(D) immune globulin or splenectomy.
Treatment regimen.
Romiplostim treatment is generally administered at weekly intervals via subcutaneous injection. Prior to injection, a complete blood count (CBC) is obtained, as the dosage is dependent on the individual's body weight and platelet count at the time of treatment. The goal of treatment is to maintain the count above 50,000 per cubic millimeter (mm3) of blood, not to achieve a normal count—defined as 150,000–450,000 per mm3 in most healthy individuals. If a count of 200,000 or higher is achieved for two consecutive weeks a reduced dose is administered or treatment is suspended until the count decreases below 200,000. Discontinuation of romiplostim must be approached with great caution, as a rapid decrease in the platelet count may occur, possibly leading to bleeding diathesis.
Clinical efficacy.
In well designed, 24-week, Phase III trials, romiplostim was significantly more effective than placebo in achieving the primary endpoint of a protocol-defined durable platelet response in nonsplenectomized or splenectomized adults with chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura.
Side-effects.
Romiplostim's effect is to stimulate the patient's megakaryocytes to produce platelets at a more rapid than normal rate, thus overwhelming the immune system's ability to destroy them. As doing so involves changes to the bone marrow chemistry, a number of potentially serious side-effects may develop, including myalgia, joint and extremity discomfort, insomnia, thrombocytosis, which may lead to potentially fatal clots, and bone marrow fibrosis, the latter which may result in an unsafe decrease in the red blood count.

</doc>
<doc id="18738847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738847" title="Minuet (disambiguation)">
Minuet (disambiguation)

Minuet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18738848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738848" title="Carbazochrome">
Carbazochrome

Carbazochrome is an antihemorrhagic, or hemostatic, agent that will cease blood flow by causing the aggregation and adhesion of platelets in the blood to form a platelet plug, ceasing blood flow from an open wound. It is hoped that this drug can be used in the future for preventing excessive blood flow during surgical operations and the treatment of hemorrhoids, but research on its effectiveness and the severity of possible side effects remains to be fairly inconclusive.
With troxerutin, it has been investigated for use in the treatment of hemorrhoids.
Indications.
Capillary and parenchymal hemorrhage (trauma, tonsillectomy, during surgery), intestinal bleeding, thrombocytopenic purpura.
Mechanism of action.
Carbazochrome, the semicarbazone of adrenochrome, that interacts with α-adrenoreceptors on surface of platelets, which are coupled to Gq protein and initiate PLC IP3/DAG pathway to increase intracellular free calcium concentration with these subsequent actions:
Vector.
Because of its poor solubility in water it must be first thoroughly dissolved in alcohol, melted fat (butter), or vegetable oil (to aid in absorption) and then ingested.

</doc>
<doc id="18738850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738850" title="Van der Elst">
Van der Elst

Van der Elst or Van Der Elst is a surname of Dutch origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18738864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738864" title="Scout.com">
Scout.com

Scout.com is an integrated sports publishing company that produces both an Internet product and a print product. In 2013, Fox Sports sold Scout.com to North American Membership Group.
Internet publishing.
The Internet publishing division consists of a network of over 200 web sites that publish inside and exclusive content focusing on high school, college, and professional team sports. The network is managed with Scout’s proprietary Camelot publishing technology that allows publishers to rapidly write, cross-reference, distribute and syndicate stories and information about sports from anywhere in the world. 
In 2007, several publishers including the Ohio State, Florida, Oklahoma, and USC markets filed a class action lawsuit against the network with these publishers ultimately affiliating with ESPN.com.
Scout Publishing.
Scout Publishing is the company’s print publishing division. It produces 40 college and professional team-focused magazines in the country. Scout Publishing magazines utilize the content and audience of Scout.com to develop, promote and market its monthly magazines.

</doc>
<doc id="18738866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738866" title="Tetragalacturonic acid hydroxymethylester">
Tetragalacturonic acid hydroxymethylester

Tetragalacturonic acid hydroxymethylester is an antihemorrhagic.

</doc>
<doc id="18738876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738876" title="Prattsburgh Central School">
Prattsburgh Central School

Prattsburgh Central School (PCS) is a school located in Prattsburgh, New York for grades K–12. 

</doc>
<doc id="18738880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738880" title="Eoluvarus">
Eoluvarus

Eoluvarus bondei is a species of extinct bony fish once identified as being a luvar from the Fuller's Earth Ypresian formation of the Barmer District of Rajasthan, India. Later, better specimens were found, and "E. bondei" was reappraised as being a relative of the prehistoric spadefish, "Exellia".

</doc>
<doc id="18738884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738884" title="Oxidized cellulose">
Oxidized cellulose

Oxidized cellulose is a water insoluble derivative of cellulose. It can be produced from cellulose by the action of an oxidizing agent, such as chlorine, hydrogen peroxide, peracetic acid, chlorine dioxide, nitrogen dioxide, persulfates, permanganate, dichromate-sulfuric acid, hypochlorous acid, hypohalites or periodates and a variety of metal catalysts. Oxidized cellulose may contain carboxylic acid, aldehyde, and/or ketone groups, in addition to the original hydroxyl groups of the starting material, cellulose, depending on the nature of the oxidant and reaction conditions. It is an antihemorrhagic.

</doc>
<doc id="18738893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738893" title="Feltrinelli Prize">
Feltrinelli Prize

The Feltrinelli Prize (from the Italian "Premio Feltrinelli", also known as "International Feltrinelli Prize" or "Antonio Feltrinelli Prize") is an award for achievement in the arts, music, literature, history, philosophy, medicine, and physical and mathematical sciences. Administered by the Antonio Feltrinelli Fund, the award comes with a monetary grant ranging between €65,000 and €250,000, a certificate, and a gold medal.
The prize is awarded, both nationally and internationally, once every five years in each field by Italy's Accademia Nazionale dei Lincei. A further prize is awarded periodically for an exceptional enterprise in moral and humanitarian value. Considered to be Italy's most distinguished scientific society, the organization was founded in 1603 and included Galileo Galilei among its first members.

</doc>
<doc id="18738910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738910" title="Absorbable gelatin sponge">
Absorbable gelatin sponge

Absorbable gelatin sponge is an antihemorrhagic. It is sometimes soaked with buprenorphine.

</doc>
<doc id="18738913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738913" title="Ramsay-Durfee Estate">
Ramsay-Durfee Estate

The Ramsay-Durfee Estate, also known as Durfee Mansion, Durfee House or Villa Maria, is a historic Tudor Revival style mansion on Western Avenue in Los Angeles, California. It has been designated a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Architecture.
Completed in 1908, the three-story, 42-room mansion was designed by Frederick Louis Roehrig. Roehrig also planned the landscape gardens and layout of the grounds. The mansion is located on a site that also includes a formal garden and carriage house with chauffeur's quarters. When the house was completed, the "Los Angeles Times" published a full-page article accompanied by numerous photographs. The "Times" called it "among the finest homes in Los Angeles" and one of architect Roehrig's "best efforts." The "Times" described the exterior of the mansion as follows:"The house is distinctly of the typical English domestic architecture. The exterior is of stone and half timber and plaster finish, while the roof is of slate. It is probably the finest example of the purely English type of dwelling in this city."The "Times" also made note of the grand staircase describing it as "the stair builder's art in mahogany" lit by a large group of art glass windows. The third floor was almost entirely taken up by a by ballroom with a large brick fireplace and an open truss and exposed beam ceilings.
History.
The house was built for a wealthy lumberman, William E. Ramsay, who died in 1909 -- shortly after the mansion was completed. His widow continued to live in the mansion until her death in 1916. In 1913 the house was featured across six pages in Homes and Gardens of the Pacific Coast Volume II, a picture book of Los Angeles mansions describing it as a "beautiful home of the English style of domestic architecture, designed by Mr. F. L. Roehrig..." 
In the early 1920s, the property was purchased for the unheard of price of $105,000 by William G. and Nellie McGaughey Durfee. Mr. Durfee was a horse-racing devotee, and Mrs. Durfee was the sheltered daughter of a Figueroa Street millionaire. Their marriage had been a scandal reported on in the newspapers, as Mr. Durfee had divorced the mother of his two children in 1910 and married Nellie in 1911. During the 1920s, the house was a gathering place for the motion picture business, and its grand staircase and ornately-paneled rooms were popular filming locations. Mr. Durfee died in 1927, reportedly from food poisoning while on a fishing trip in the Pacific Northwest. Nellie remained at the house until her death in 1976, reportedly living as a recluse. Columnist Jack Smith toured the Durfee residence in 1976 and found the house virtually unchanged from the time of Mr. Durfee's death 50 years earlier. Though Mr. Durfee had died during Prohibition, the wine cellar remained untouched and full of vintage wines dating to the 1890s and 1900s as well as 183 bottles of vintage whisky. Mr. Durfee's wide-brimmed felt hats and tweed suits were still hanging in his closet. Smith noted that Mrs. Durfee died at age 99, "wasted and blind," in an upstairs bedroom -- "alone with her companion-housekeeper, her cat, her ostrich feathers, her unopened boxes of silk stockings, her sculptures and paintings and Oriental rugs."
In 1978, the Brothers of St. John of God bought the property from the Estate of Nellie Durfee for $470,000. The purchaser was a Roman Catholic religious order that operated 260 hospitals which purchased the property to serve as its western headquarters. In 1982, the house was opened to the public for the first time in its history for a benefit dinner to support KUSC radio.
Historic designation.
In 1980 city's Cultural Heritage Commission designated the property, under the name "Villa Maria", as a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument, calling it, "a distinguished example of Tudor Revival architecture of the early 20th Century." It was also listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18738921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738921" title="Ironstone's Crown Jewel">
Ironstone's Crown Jewel

Ironstone’s Crown Jewel is the world’s largest piece of crystalline gold. At 44 pounds troy (16.4 kg), it is substantially larger than the Fricot "Nugget" (13.8 lb troy; 5.15 kg) and the Whopper (11.7 lb troy; 4.37 kg), the next two largest specimens.
History.
One form of gold found in California is gold in quartz, which is often hard rock, mined in vertical or horizontal shafts. This contrasts with placer (loose gold, often nuggets), and fine gold that has been recovered by hydraulic mining.
The gold specimen was unearthed at the Sonora Mining Co. mine in Jamestown, California on December 24, 1992. Along with other gold-heavy quartz pieces, the gold was first believed to be bits of damaged machinery.
A number of days later, the materials were examined and found to be full of gold. The “Crown Jewel” was the largest of the pieces, weighing in at 60 lb troy (22.4 kg).
Word of the find first hit the press on December 31, 1992.
The find caused the Gold Trust and Reinsurance company of the West Indies to make a $20 million offer for the Sonora Mining Corp. of Toronto, Canada.
The National Enquirer even picked up the story.
Many of the smaller specimens of crystalline gold were sold at a Tucson, Arizona gem show.
In April 1993, the Sonora Mining Corp. offered the gold specimen as a bond to Tuolumne County, California. The County ultimately declined the offer.
Among those seeking to buy the specimen was the French government.
Display.
After acquiring the gold-bearing rock, John Kautz, proprietor of Ironstone Vineyards, had the sample etched with acid and most of the rock removed by tweezers. This process took over a year. What resulted is the specimen that has little original rock in the upper part, and more original rock in the bottom part.
To display “Ironstone’s Crown Jewel,” Mr. Kautz had a three-story building constructed at Ironstone Vineyards. The upper story includes a vault to hold the gold specimen along with the Jewelry Shoppe that sells items that include unusual “gold in quartz” jewelry.
California Governor George Deukmejian opened the exhibit at Ironstone Vineyards.
The specimen is available to be seen during normal Jewelry Shoppe hours at no charge.
Name.
The name "Ironstone's Crown Jewel" comes from Kautz family usage and promotional materials for the winery. It's the "crown jewel" among the "jewels" of the historic Alhambra Theatre pipe organ, the caverns, the extensive gardens, the historic gold mining equipment, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="18738928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738928" title="Moggina Manasu">
Moggina Manasu

Moggina Manasu () is a Kannada film released in 2008, directed by Shashank and produced by E. Krishnappa, who produced the blockbuster "Mungaru Male". The film stars Radhika Pandit and Shuba Punja in lead roles. It generally received good reviews. The movie is being remade in Telugu as "Siri Malle Puvvu". The music for the film was scored by Mano Murthy.
Plot.
"Moggina Manasu" focuses on the confused state of mind of teenage girls and their relationships with boys. It also touches on teenage pregnancy and ragging in colleges, camaraderie with seniors, and teenagers' disrespect towards their parents and studies. The film tells the stories of four teenage girls and the trials and tribulations they face during their college time.
Chanchala goes to the college. It was her first day, and she was ragged by her seniors Akka and Didi as Chanchala calls them . Another village girl Renuka Devi often called as Renu also comes to the college. She wants to be a Doctor and treat her village people. Later akka, Didi, Renu and Chanchala becomes best friends. Akka and Didi change Renu and Chanchu completely. Renu and Chanchu feels that they need a boyfriend. Chanchu loves her English teacher but later comes to know she should not. Renu gets a boyfriend Akash and chanchu is also persuaded by a person to love her. Later they love Each other. but that man tries to avoid her in her activities. He refers her as public Property which angers her and she leaves him. Later enters Rahul, a singer (yash) who loves her more than his life. Even she starts loving him. Later Renu gets Pregnant because of Akash. He tells her to abort the child. She doesn't want to. She tells this to Chanchu and Didi who scolds her. Didi tells that all men are cheaters and she lost her sister as her sister was cheated by a man. Chanchu listens to all this and Talks about this with Rahul.
Next day Renu is found Hanging. Renu's death changes Chanchu's mind. She breaks up with Rahul. After many years she was going back to Mysore where she studied . In the train she remembers all this. She meets Akka whose life was settled. Akka had run away with her boyfriend and marries which had angered her father and her mother died of this. But now her father, her husband and her daughter. Chanchu is Happy to see them together. She goes to the college where she studied with Akka as Old students association function had been held. There she meets Didi who had also married an led a settled life. They remember Renu. Later Chanchu remembers Rahul. Just then she hears Rahul's voice from Auditorium. She hurries there. Later there is a song program by him in memory of her. She thinks of going to him but thinks that he may have forgotten her and married another. But after the song Rahul tells that he had lost his love but now he is getting it back. He tells them that he is going to propose the girl he loves in front of them. He proposes Chanchala in front of everyone. She is astonished and happy. Yash's parents and Chanchu's parents also agrees to their marriage as they loved each other even after so many years. They get married.
Reception.
The film received positive reviews from critics, including praise for great performances from the new talents, superior work by cameraman Chandrashekhar and good editing by Suresh Urs.
Language.
It is made in the Kannada language.
Awards.
In 2009, "Moggina Manasu" received 5 Filmfare awards in the Kannada category at the 56th Filmfare Awards South ceremony held in Hyderabad.

</doc>
<doc id="18738969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738969" title="Johan Basset">
Johan Basset

Ffra Johan Basset (, modernised as "Fra Joan Basset") was a Catalan author of twenty verses and a prose "Letovari". His work is preserved in the Cançoner Vega-Aguiló (1420–30). He was probably active in the early years (1416–21) of the reign of Alfonso V. His religious title, "fra" ("brother"), has led to speculation that he was a knight of the Order of Saint John of Jerusalem (based on an unsourced assertion of Jordi Rubió). Johan preached at Cervera during Lent in 1424. It is recorded that he was a member of the "Order of Santa Anna". This is probably a reference to the convent of Santa Anna at Barcelona, which was originally a house of the Order of the Holy Sepulchre under the guidance of the Patriarch of Jerusalem. Cohabitating at Santa Anna was a group of Brothers of Penitence and some Augustinian canons of Santa Eulàlia del Camp (sine 1293). In 1420 the friars and canons passed into the Casa del Sant Sepulcre de Santa Anna.
Johan was a competent and original poet; his poetry diverse in form and style, his themes both religious and amorous. Besides his religious and amorous poetry, Basset wrote three unique pieces: a "planh", a piece entitled "Vers lauda", and another called "Vers clus". Basset's "Letovari" (electuarium) is a manual for curing the love-sick, dedicated to Guerau de Massanet. It has much in common with the "Consolació" of Luys Ycart and the "Medicina" of Bernat Metge. 
Johan's religious verse consists in four poems about the Virgin Mary. His "Dansa de Nostra Dona" was his first published work: it was edited by Manuel Milà i Fontanals and published in his "Obras completas" (1886–93). Its incipit is "Ab letres d'aur per mesura" and it was addressed to an anonymous lady "de Sant Climent" (from Sant Climent de Taüll). A similarly titled piece, the "Dansa e laors de Nostra Dona", has the form of a typical love song ("cançó"); only its title betrays its religious purpose. It incipit is "Lausan vostra saviesa". 
Johan's "Dir me cové si be.m tench l'engeny fflach" and "Mayres de Dieu, valerosa princesa" are also addressed to Mary. In the latter, each stanza begins with a line introducing the "Mayres de Dieu" followed by six lines beginning "e cert molt val" ("is certainly more worthy") and ending with the refrain "e res no val tant com la vostra cort" ("and nothing is worth as much as your court"). The structure of this piece and its contents suggest it is a religious "plazer", a genre introduced to Catalonia by Cerverí de Girona over a century earlier and Catalanised by Pere March within Johan's lifetime. 
Johan's love poetry fits within the tradition of courtly love and of the troubadours. This is obvious when he refers to himself as a "prisoner" of his lady and in his use of feudal and military terminology to describe their relationship. 

</doc>
<doc id="18738970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18738970" title="Whitby School">
Whitby School

Whitby School is an independent, co-educational private day school for students ages 18 months through eighth grade, located in Greenwich, Connecticut, United States. The school was founded in 1958 by Nancy McCormick Rambusch who founded American Montessori Society (AMS) in 1960. The founding of Whitby is credited with initiating a Montessori revival. It is accredited by both the American Montessori Society and the International Baccalaureate (IB). 
It was named after the Whitby Abbey in Yorkshire, where a story tells of an Abbess who recognized the musical talents of a stable boy and brought him into their educational programs. In 1960, the school moved from rented rooms at Sacred Heart School to its own campus. The school, through the AMS, became the first certified Montessori teacher training program in the United States. Rambusch and the AMS promoted a modified Montessori approach that would facilitate transition of the young students to traditional American schools which led to a split from the Association Montessori Internationale (AMI).
The Head of School is Bryan Nixon. Whitby enrolls 385 students, taught by 87 faculty members, on a campus in Greenwich, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="18739014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739014" title="Cape May County Technical School District">
Cape May County Technical School District

The Cape May County Technical School District is a regional public school district that offers occupational and academic instruction for public high school and adult students in Cape May County, New Jersey, United States.
As of the 2009-10 school year, the district's one school had an enrollment of 591 students and 68 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 8.69:1.
School.
Cape May County Technical High School had an enrollment of 591 students as of the 2009-10 school year.
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="18739017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739017" title="Triin Aljand">
Triin Aljand

Triin Aljand (born July 8, 1985 in Tallinn) is a retired Estonian swimmer who won a silver medal at the 2012 European Aquatics Championships in 50 m butterfly. She competed in the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics in the 50 m and 100 m freestyle and 100 butterfly, but never reached the finals. She also participated in multiple FINA World Aquatics Championships.
She currently attends Texas A&M University, where she swims for the women's varsity team. On November 21, 2008, she broke the NCAA record for the 50-yard freestyle with her time of 21.61, though the record was disqualified after it was found the pool was just over one inch short.
Records.
She set the Estonian national records three times in the 50-m butterfly on December 12, 2008. She set another national record in the 100-m butterfly at the 2008 European Short Course Swimming Championships on December 14, 2008.
Personal.
Her brother Martti and twin sister Berit are also swimmers. Her father Riho is a swimming coach, and her grandmother, Ulvi Voog (Indrikson) is a former Olympic swimmer.
She is engaged to Slovenian swimmer Peter Mankoč.

</doc>
<doc id="18739021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739021" title="Avitoluvarus">
Avitoluvarus

Avitoluvarus ("Ancient Louvar") is a genus of extinct louvar that lived in the Tethys Ocean during the early Paleogene. The first specimens were found from the Danata Formation Lagerstätten, of the Thanetian epoch of Turkmenistan, where they were originally thought to be smaller or juvenile individuals of the true louvar, "Luvarus necopinatus". These specimens were later reexamined, and determined to be a separate genus comprising two species.
A third species, "A. eocaenicus" is known from the Middle Eocene of the Kumsky Horizon, in what is now the Northern Caucasus Mountains in Southwestern Russia.
"Avitoluvarus" differs from modern louvars in that the former's forehead does not bulge out as much, giving the appearance of having the face appear higher.

</doc>
<doc id="18739029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739029" title="Bezel">
Bezel

Bezel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18739030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739030" title="Joanna Kaczor">
Joanna Kaczor

Joanna "Asia" Kaczor (born September 16, 1984) is a Polish volleyball player. Kaczor made her Olympic debut at the 2008 Beijing Olympics with the Poland indoor national team.
Early life.
Kaczor was born on September 16, 1984 in Wroclaw, Poland to Stanislaw and Helena Kaczor.
College career.
College of Southern Idaho.
Kaczor was the National Junior College Athletic Association Player of the Year in her 2005 freshman season after the team went 50-2 to win the NJCAA national championship under head coach Ben Stroud. Kaczor led the team with 605 kills on the season (4.96 kpg) with a .456 hitting percentage. 
University of Southern California.
Kaczor transferred to USC in 2006, and was a two time All-American and set several school single-season and career marks She set the top two single-season records for kills (659 in 2007 and 563 in 2006), top two marks for attempts (1,542 in 2007 and 1,272 in 2006), top two marks for total points (745.5 in 2007 and 642.5 in 2006) and top mark for points per game (5.83 in 2007). Her 5.64 ppg in 2006 tied the former record held by Bibiana Candelas in 2005.
National team.
Kaczor has been in the Polish National Team program since 2000 and is a current member of the National Team. As a member of the Junior National Team, her squad finished third at the 2003 World Junior Championship and won the 2002 European Junior Championship. 
Kaczor played with Poland at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18739034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739034" title="Neal Pozner">
Neal Pozner

Neal Pozner (1955 – June 21, 1994), sometimes credited as Neil Pozner, was an award-winning art director, editor, and writer known for his work in the comic book industry. He worked with DC Comics at two points, first as a design director and later as Group Editor, Creative Services until his death.
Career.
As a young man, Pozner published a comics fanzine from 1969–1972, when he joined CAPA-alpha. He was an active member in CAPA-alpha at least until 1984. He graduated from The Cooper Union. 
Before joining DC's staff, Pozner designed the first gay-themed bus ads for New York City as well several posters for Lincoln Center. He also designed record covers for musicians like The Kinks, Jimi Hendrix, George Benson, and Carmen McRae, as well as the Brooklyn Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra. In addition, he designed for CBS/Broadcast Group and was briefly the associate art director of "National Lampoon" magazine.
Pozner first worked for DC in 1977, when he designed the front cover for a tabloid-format book based on the then-upcoming "Superman" movie. He was subsequently hired as DC's first real production designer.
Pozner wrote the 1986 "Aquaman" miniseries, as well as designing the character's blue "camouflage" uniform. He was also responsible for incorporating DC Comics characters into a series of AIDS awareness house ads published in the company's comics.
One of Pozner's many tasks as Group Editor, Creative Services, at DC was recruiting new talent. Travis Charest, Gene Ha, Stuart Immonen, and Phil Jimenez are among the pencillers Pozner "discovered."
Death.
In the aftermath of Pozner's 1994 death from AIDS complications, artist Phil Jimenez, whom Pozner had hired to work at DC, and with whom Pozner had had a romantic relationship, came out in a tribute to Pozner in the pages of the DC title "Tempest".
Awards and tributes.
Pozner was recognized with awards from professional associations like the Royal Society of Arts and the Graphic Arts Technical Foundation. His work was published in "Novum Gebrausch Grafik".
Comics writer Christopher Priest, who worked with Pozner at DC, based the personality of the character Triumph on Pozner, describing him this way:

</doc>
<doc id="18739043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739043" title="Viirelaid">
Viirelaid

Viirelaid () is a small island in the Baltic Sea belonging to the country of Estonia. Viirelaid lies southeast of the island of Muhu. Together with Muhu and neighbouring small islands of Kesselaid, Võilaid and Suurlaid it forms Muhu Parish (), the rural municipality within Saare County, Estonia. Its coordinates are .
The area of the island is 81 hectares. It is up to 4.5 metres above sea level and is very flat. The island served in earlier times as an orientation point for the shipping industry. 
On the island is steel lighthouse called the "Viirelaiu tuletorn" built in 1882 and renovated in 2004. Originally built in 1857 of timber, the structure is an 11-metre-high tower.
See also.
List of islands of Estonia

</doc>
<doc id="18739069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739069" title="Jeffery–Williams Prize">
Jeffery–Williams Prize

The Jeffery–Williams Prize is a mathematics award presented annually by the Canadian Mathematical Society. The award is presented to individuals in recognition of outstanding contributions to mathematical research. The first award was presented in 1968. The prize was named in honor of the mathematicians Ralph Lent Jeffery and Lloyd Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="18739106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739106" title="Avantasia (disambiguation)">
Avantasia (disambiguation)

Avantasia is a symphonic metal project by Tobias Sammet.
Avantasia may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18739110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739110" title="Choctaw Hog">
Choctaw Hog

The Choctaw Hog is a breed of domestic pig historically used by Native Americans. They are now reduced in population to some hundred animals, most of them in the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma. The American Livestock Breeds Conservancy calls the Choctaw Hog's status "critically rare" and says it "is a high conservation priority."
History.
The Choctaw descends from livestock brought to the Americas by Spaniards from the 16th century onwards. The Choctaw Hog was used not only by Native Americans but also by European settlers and a succession of other peoples in the Southeastern United States for over three hundred years.
The Choctaw people and their livestock migrated from the Deep South to Oklahoma Territory in the early 19th century. The United States government forced the Five Civilized Tribes out of Mississippi and Alabama in 1830, and they too brought more hogs to Oklahoma. An Oklahoma Choctaw will from 1858 leaves the posthumous "wish and desire that all the hogs running at the home place be gathered and sold". It is from Oklahoma swine that today's Choctaw Hogs are descended and their appearance has changed little in 150 years.
Description.
Choctaw hogs have two distinctive characteristics indicative of their ancestors brought from Spain. First, their toes are typically fused forming a single hoof like that of a mule. The mulefoot shares this trait for the same reason and the two breeds may come from common ancestral stock which was loosely selected and managed until the late 19th century. Secondly, many have fleshy wattles on each side of their necks.
These hogs are black, sometimes with white markings, and at about 120 pounds, they are relatively small for a domestic pig. Feral descendants of Spanish pigs are much more common than non-feral ones, but the Choctaw is "a pure Spanish breed" and is distinct from the exact feral hog populations in the Choctaw National Wildlife Refuge area, which are of mixed ancestry. They are nevertheless quick and athletic pigs with heavy forequarters and "it is obvious that Choctaw hogs are built for survival".
Cultivation.
The Choctaw tribe still raises these hogs in Oklahoma. They require relatively little care and are traditionally allowed to run free on open range and forage for acorns, berries, invertebrates, roots, vegetables, and whatever else they can find. With the aid of trained dogs, hogs are rounded up periodically, earmarked, and sorted. The dog usually used for this purpose is the Catahoula Leopard dog, another animal of probable Spanish origin. While Choctaw Hogs kept in confinement can become very tame, some may be "amazed at the speed and agility of Choctaw hogs."
Pigs kept for market are fattened with corn to improve their value. A paper from the Virginia-Maryland Regional College of Veterinary Medicine describes the Choctaw as "large and fat" and reports:
As hog breeding more favors the industrial organization and breeding of white hogs for lean pork production these remnants of the Spanish strains that were adapted for extensive systems are becoming rarer and rarer.
The American Livestock Breeds Conservancy reports that Choctaws do not have a very valuable "market carcass". Lacking economic incentive, commercial interests are not drawn to help in the Choctaw's conservation and there is no official Choctaw Hog registry for this breed.

</doc>
<doc id="18739114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739114" title="Agoseris glauca">
Agoseris glauca

Agoseris glauca is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names pale agoseris, prairie agoseris, and short-beaked agoseris. 
The plant is native to western and northwestern North America from Alaska to Ontario and North Dakota, and California to New Mexico. It grows in many habitat types. 
Description.
"Agoseris glauca" is a perennial herb which varies in general appearance. It produces a basal patch of leaves of various shapes which may be as long as the plant is high. 
There is no stem but the plant flowers in a stemlike inflorescence which is sometimes erect, reaching heights near half a meter or taller. The flower head is one to three centimeters wide with layers of pointed phyllaries. The head is ligulate, bearing many yellow ray florets and no disc florets. 
The fruit is an achene with a body up to a centimeter long and a pappus which may be almost 2 centimeters in length.

</doc>
<doc id="18739131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739131" title="Jacinto Barrasa">
Jacinto Barrasa

Jacinto Barrasa (or Barraza) (born at Lima, Peru, early in the seventeenth century; died there, 22 November 1704) was a Peruvian Jesuit preacher and historian.
In the seventeenth century, the different religious orders appointed historiographers or official chroniclersnbvb of the work done in their American provinces. The Jesuits selected Father Ignacio Arbieto for their Peruvian missions, but as his account was not accepted, Father Jacinto Barrasa was appointed in his stead. 
Works.
His fame was principally as a preacher, and two volumes of his "Sermones" were published, one at Madrid in 1678, the other at Lima in 1679. In the latter year he finished his voluminous history of the Society of Jesus in Peru, which is still at Lima in private hands, and comprises 1,350 pages of manuscript. Its title is: "Historia de las fundaciones de los colegios y casas de la Compania de Jesus, con la noticia de las vidas y virtudes religiosas de algunos varones ilustres que en ella trabajaron". No allusions are made in that chronicle to any other events than those of a religious or ecclesiastical nature. 
In addition to his "Sermones", a "Panegirico", pronounced by him in 1669 on the beatification of Rose of Lima, was also printed. 

</doc>
<doc id="18739140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739140" title="Kulim">
Kulim

Kulim is a city in the state of Kedah, Malaysia. It is located on the southeast of Kedah, bordering Penang on the west. Kulim evolved from a small settlement in the 1950s to a successful town. This is because Kulim is located very close to Bukit Mertajam and Penang State. Kulim is a district consisting of 15 smaller sub-districts also known as "mukim".
History.
Kulim as a town was started in mid-18th century by 100 Malays from Pattani. By mid-19th century Kulim experienced a boom due to the discovery of tin ore. 
A few of the classical monuments still existing in Kulim includes "Coronation Cinema", St. Patrick’s High School (1933), which was converted into a trade building, Sultan Badlishah High School (1948), Kulim Police Station and so on.
Meanwhile the Kulim’s independence clock was officiated by the Sultan of Kedah (15 September 1957) and serves as the unofficial landmark for the city of Kulim. The cornerstone of the clock was acquired by YPM Tunku Abdul Rahman Putra Al Haj (the First Prime Minister if Malaya, later Malaysia) on 14 June 1957. 
The construction of the clock was completed within 3 months and upon completion, was made formalized by DYMM Tuanku Sultan Badlishah Ibni Almarhum Yang Di Pertuan Paduka Seri Sultan Abdul Hamid Shah, KOM, CMG, KBE Sultan Kedah on 15 September 1957, or 2 weeks after the declaration of independence of Malaysia (31 August 1957).
The establishment of Kulim Hi-tech park is hoped to be a catalyst for the continued growth of Kulim.
It has been proposed to build a light rail system, like Kuala Lumpur's by 2020.
City Centre.
Kulim still maintains shop houses that were around since before the Second World War. Many of these houses were demolished to make way for newer structures of development. The independence clock serves as the city’s landmark, and is one of the old structures that remain in place.
Kulim’s suburbs.
Kulim is home to many recently opened suburbs. One of the biggest suburbs is Taman Selasih, complete with its own commercial centre, it also called as "New town". Paya besar is the 2nd most famous suburb in kulim.
Economy.
In 1996, the Kulim Hi-Tech Park (KHTP) was officially opened as the first and fully integrated high technology industrial park in Malaysia. 
The Park comprises a total land area of approximately 14.5 square kilometres (5.6 mi²). Many local and foreign companies, such as Intel, Fuji Electric, Infineon, Showa Denko, First Solar, Gazzo Food, Entegris, Celestica and SilTerra have moved to the site since then.
It is strategically located nearby North-Butterworth Container Terminal (NBCT) and Bayan Lepas International Airport both located in Penang. 
According to the Ninth Malaysia Plan, this economic area is referred to as the Northern Corridor Economic Region (NCER). The Northern Corridor Economic Region is one of three development regions formed in Peninsular Malaysia, other development regions being the Iskandar Malaysia (or South Johor Economic Region) and the East Coast Development Region.
Religion.
Islam is the largest religion practiced in Kulim, as same as all over Malaysia. Most citizens of Indian and Chinese origin in Kulim are of the Hindu and Christian faiths respectively. Kulim has the largest number of Hindus and Christians in Kedah. There is also large number of Buddhists and Sikhis. Where most of the Chinese are Buddhist. 
Place of Worship.
Hindu Temple.
The main deity of this temple is Murugan.Meanwhile, The chief priest of the temple is Sivasri Annamalai Pandaram. The main festival in this temple is Thirukkarthigai (1 day festivities). Uthsavar procession were done during this festival in temple premise. 
Mariamman is the main deity in this temple. This temple famously known as 'Sera kovil' among people in kulim.
Located near Taman Kucai and Taman Kangkong in Lunas, it is one of the oldest temple in kulim district.
Education.
Kulim was a pioneer in education in Kedah , having some of the earliest established schools in the state. The public school system comprises national schools, vernacular (Chinese and Tamil) schools, vocational schools, and religious schools. There are also a few international schools, such as elc International School.
Formerly Missionary Schools.
Formal education in Kulim stretches back to the early days of British administration. Many of the public schools in Kulim has been turned into national schools. Such as:
Transport.
Butterworth–Kulim Expressway is a expressway that connects Penang in the west to Kulim, Kedah in the east. It is also a main route to East-West Highway via Baling, Kedah and Gerik, Perak. The construction of BKE started in December 1994 and completed in September 1996. 
Culture.
Food.
Kulim's cuisine is not only heavily influenced by the Baba Nyonya culture of Penang (which is just 26 km away), but also shows some influence of Thailand. The famous foods are ALAM'z PUFF Tmn. Selasih (various filling currypuff), Kelang Lama Laksa, Lunas Duck Roaster, Yam Rice, Curry Wan Tan Mee, Chicken Leg Wan Tan Mee, Curry Mee, Hokien Char, Prawn Mee(Hokian Mee), Loh Mee, Kuey Teow Teng, Duck Egg Char Kuay Teow, Glutinous Rice Cendol, Chee Cheong Fun, Ice Kacang, Chai Koay, Tom Yam, Stem Fish, Yau Char Kuai, Zhap Chai, and many more. 

</doc>
<doc id="18739142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739142" title="SV Mettlach">
SV Mettlach

SV Mettlach is a German association football club from the city of Mettlach, Saarland.
__TOC__
History.
The side has its origins in the establishment of the gymnastics club "Turnverein Mettlach" in 1885. A football department was formed in 1920 and became independent in 1923. Following World War II all organizations across the country, including sports and football associations, were ordered disbanded by occupying Allied authorities. The team was re-established 12 May 1946 as "Spielvereinigung Mettlach" out of the former memberships of several local clubs and resumed its traditional identity as "Sportverein 1920 Mettlach" in 1950.
Following the war the Saarland was occupyied by France and administered as the Saar protectorate. Although still considered part of Germany, the state was subject attempts to make it part of France or to create a separate country there until it was re-united with Germany following a 1955 plebiscite. This was manifested in football through the establishment of a league structure separate from Germany's German Football Association (Deutsche Fussball Bund), the appearance of the region's top sides in French competition, and the formation of a national side that took part in qualification play for the 1954 FIFA World Cup.
After the 1950–51 season, Saarland's domestic football competition was re-integrated with Germany's. "SV" remained in lower level local play until advancing to the 2. Amateurliga Saar/West (III) in 1957. "Mettlach" fielded competitive sides through the late 50s and early 60s earning a string of top three finishes in third and fourth tier play. Following the formation of the top flight Bundesliga in 1963 the club's performance deteriorated.
By the early 1980s "SV" was part of the Verbandsliga Saarland (IV) and would continue to compete as a fourth tier side there and in the Oberliga Südwest (IV) until the turn of the millennium. "Mettlach" made appearances in the opening rounds of the DFB-Pokal (German Cup) in 1985 and 1994. The team slipped to what had become the fifth tier Verbandsliga Saar in 2002, and recently won its way back to Oberliga play for 2008–09 but lasted for only one season before being relegated down to the new Saarlandliga.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:

</doc>
<doc id="18739161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739161" title="Catechism of a Revolutionary">
Catechism of a Revolutionary

__NOTOC__
The Catechism of a Revolutionary refers to a manifesto written by Russian revolutionary Sergey Nechayev between April and August 1869.
The Manifesto.
The manifesto is an authoritarian manual for the formation of secret societies.
It is debated how much input Bakunin had or if it is solely the work of Nechayev. The work called for total devotion to a revolutionary lifestyle. Its publication in the "Government Herald" in July 1871 as the manifesto of the Narodnaya Rasprava secret society was one of the most dramatic events of Nechayev's revolutionary life, through its words and the actions it inspired establishing Nechayev's importance for the Nihilist movement. The "Catechism" is divided into two sections; General Rules of the Organisation and Rules of Conduct of Revolutionaries, 22 and 26 paragraphs long respectively; abridged versions were published as excerpts in the anarchist periodicals "Freiheit" and "The Alarm".
The most radical document of its age, the "Catechism" outlined the authors' revolutionary Jacobin program of organisation and discipline, a program that became the backbone of the radical movement in Russia. The revolutionary is portrayed in the "Catechism" as an amoral avenging angel, an expendable resource in the service of the revolution, committed to any crime or treachery necessary to effect the downfall of the prevailing order.
Criticism.
Critics of anarchism cite the "Catechism" as the most notorious document in what they take to be the anarchist tradition, arguing that it reflects the innately violent and nihilistic nature of the philosophy. Scholar Michael Allen Gillespie has hailed the "Catechism" as "a pre-eminent expression of the doctrine of freedom and negation" that arose in the Fichtean notion of the "Absolute I" that had been concealed in Left Hegelianism. Prominent Black Panther of the 20th century Eldridge Cleaver adopted the "Catechism" as a "revolutionary bible", incorporating it into his daily life to the extent that he employed, in his words, "tactics of ruthlessness in my dealings with everyone with whom I came into contact". The ideas and sentiments in the work had been in part previously aired by Zaichnevsky and Nikolai Ishutin in Russia, and by Carbonari and Young Italy in the West.
The journal "Cahiers du monde russe et soviétique" published a letter from Bakinin to Nechaev, in which Bakinin particularly wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="18739174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739174" title="Pine River-Backus School District">
Pine River-Backus School District

Pine River-Backus School District is a school district in central Minnesota.
Pine River and Backus, Minnesota are located in central Minnesota along Minnesota State Highway 371.

</doc>
<doc id="18739185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739185" title="Suphot Dhirakaosal">
Suphot Dhirakaosal

Suphot Dhirakaosal () is the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Kingdom of Thailand to the Russian Federation.
Suphot Dhirakaosal studied International Affairs and Law at Thamasak University, Bangkok. After graduated he joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Thailand in 1973, working locally and in foreign diplomatic missions in Hanoi, Geneva, Rome, and appointed in 1995 as Consul General in Los Angeles.
His first appointment as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Thailand was in 2000 to the State of Kuwait. He went on to serve as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Thailand to the United Arab Emirates (2002-2004), Myanmar in 2004, and is serving in that capacity in Russia.
Dhirakaosal married in 1977, with two children .

</doc>
<doc id="18739197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739197" title="Gilead Cemetery">
Gilead Cemetery

Gilead Cemetery is located in the town of Carmel, New York, United States. It is off a bend in Mechanic Street south of the hamlet of Carmel, seat of Putnam County.
Some of the earliest settlers of the region were buried here, when it was attached to a since-demolished Baptist meeting house built in the mid-18th century. Among those buried here later include Enoch Crosby, a Revolutionary War spy believed to be the model for the title character of James Fenimore Cooper's novel "The Spy", and Joel Frost, a local politician who later served in the New York State Legislature and for a single term in the House of Representatives.
The gravestones themselves also display an unusual range of funerary art from the first graves through the last historically significant ones, in 1929. The earliest illustrate changing Protestant notions of the role of death in the later years of the 18th century. For these reasons it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 (entry #88002684).
Cemetery.
The cemetery occupies a rough trapezoid in area, sloping gently uphill from the corner. It is surrounded by stone walls from in height, with a pair of tall stone gateposts flanking the iron gates at the south entrance. An open area just past those gates was the likely site of the meeting house. In the rear of the property several trees rise over in height.
There are 310 separate gravesites. 280 of these the headstones have legible carvings; another 199 also have footstones. They are made of materials from sandstone to white marble and granite, depending on the era. The earliest graves are dated 1766; the latest is from 1959.
Graves are arranged in rows east to west. Headstones face east and footstones, which usually face the headstones, are instead aside them, an unusual practice. The westernmost row probably faced west originally, but was at some point reoriented.
The largest marker is a 14-ton (13-tonne) monument to Enoch Crosby added in the early 20th century to replace his previous stone, destroyed by vandals and souvenir-hunters. Four family plots are within the cemetery, set off by small metal-and-stone cordons.
History.
The future cemetery was part of a tract of land leased by Frederick Philipse III in 1756 to Thomas Crosby, Enoch's father. The meeting house was established quickly, with 57 parishioners signing the letter asking The Rev. Ebenezer Knibloe to be their first pastor, a position he held for three years before yielding to Elnathan Gregory. The church and some other features of the surrounding area would get their name from one of Gregory's widely reprinted sermons, "Is There No Balm in Gilead?"
In 1766, the cemetery received its first burial, Sarah Smith, as the surrounding farm was leased to a new tenant, James Dickenson. It was sold outright to Elisha Cole in 1828. In 1839 the meeting house was torn down and the property became exclusively a cemetery. The stone walls, probably meant to keep livestock from neighboring farms out in the early days, were augmented by work paid for by local benefactor Ferdinand Hopkins, who also had the gates and Crosby's monument added. The Gilead Cemetery Association was created at this time to maintain the cemetery and document its history.
Burials dwindled after the opening of the much larger Raymond Hill Cemetery nearby. Those who chose Gilead as their final resting place were mainly the descendants of those already buried there. In 1959 the last burial took place, although the cemetery, now town property, has been maintained ever since by the cemetery association.
Funerary art.
Many of the headstones have high-quality decorative carvings in addition to the usual information about the decedent's birth and death date. This collection of funerary art is more extensive than in other American cemeteries of this size from this period and illustrates changing Protestant notions of death.
Sarah Smith's 1766 gravestone, the oldest in the cemetery, is made of slate and features an inverted half-moon and semi-circular finials. Other graves from that early era are carved mainly from red sandstone, with a few postwar markers of fieldstone reflecting the economic stress of the war. They feature similar designs plus death's heads, skeletons, skulls and starbursts. These were meant to represent the triumphant finality of death.
Later in the 19th century, winged cherubs begin to appear atop headstones, symbolizing the soul's escape from death's clutches into new life. In the 19th century, when white marble became the tombstone material of choice, this belief remained but was symbolized instead through neoclassical imagery of an urn and willow tree. The urn represented death, the tree rebirth in the hereafter.
A few gray granite markers are found from the early and mid-20th century. One of these, Enoch Crosby's monument, features a sword and musket in recognition of his military service.

</doc>
<doc id="18739198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739198" title="Gazeta Polska (1929–39)">
Gazeta Polska (1929–39)

Gazeta Polska was an important newspaper in interwar Poland, published from 1929 to 1939 in Warsaw. It had a strong pro-Sanation bias and was seen as a semi-official or governmental news outlet of the Sanation-dominated Polish government. Within Sanation politics, "Gazeta Polska" supported "the colonels" and, later, Edward Rydz-Śmigły. It often voiced calls for more authoritarian government and for harsher treatment of the opposition.
Its successive editors-in-chief were Adam Koc (1929–31), Bogusław Miedziński (1931–38) and Mieczysław Starzyński (1938–39).
Journalists associated with the newspaper included Juliusz Kaden-Bandrowski and Kazimierz Wierzyński. 
Winston Churchill's agreement with the paper was terminated after the 1934 German–Polish Press Agreement, which prohibited the publication of material that might be "prejudicial to good relations between the two countries." 
The newspaper's circulation grew from 15,000 in the early 1930s to 30,000 in the latter part of the decade. The paper was closed in the aftermath of the German invasion of Poland, along with most other Polish newspapers.
The newspaper was reactivated's in 1941 in Palestine by Kański and was the most popular Polish newspaper in the Middle East until 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="18739205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739205" title="V. Ganapati Sthapati">
V. Ganapati Sthapati

Vaidyanatha Ganapati Sthapati (1927 – 5 September 2011) was a "Sthapati" ( temple architect and builder ) and head of the College of Architecture and Sculpture in the Vastu Shastra tradition ascribed to the sage Mamuni Mayan.
Biography.
Sthapati was born in 1927 to sculptor Vaidyanatha Sthapati and Velammal in Pillayarpatti, a village near Karaikudi, Tamil Nadu, India. He was born into the Vishwakarma caste. 
Sthapati attended Dr. Alagappa Chettiar College, Karaikudi, and graduated with a degree in mathematics. After his graduation, he became a "Sthapati" at Palani Murugan Temple, Palani, Tamil Nadu, India. He resigned this post after the death of his father, who had served as principal of the School of Architecture and Sculpture at Mamallapuram from 1957 to 1960. He succeeded his father as the Principal of the Government College of Architecture and Sculpture, TN, India.
From the 1980s, Sthapati campaigned to restore and elevate the status of traditional Hindu architecture in modern Indian society, by affiliating courses to the University of Madras and offering degree courses, bringing about a revival of Vastu Shastra.
After retirement from government service, he established the Vaastu Vedic Trust and the Vaastu Vedic Research Foundation, aimed at research, development, and globalization of Vaastu Shastra. He is also the head of the professional guild named "V. Ganapati Sthapati & Associates."
Dr. Sthapati initiated the development of The American University of Mayonic Science and Technology as an authorized institution to teach this body of knowledge in the western world. He appointed Dr. Jessie J. Mercay as Chancellor.
Works.
Architecture and Sculpture.
Sthapati served as architect for several buildings and sculptures, including the following:
Bibliography.
Sthapati has authored a number of books on the science and technology of Vastu Shastra and has conducted numerous seminars.
Books he has authored include "Iconometry, Temples of Space Science: The Building Architecture of Sthapatya Veda" and "Commentary on Mayan's Aintiram".
Awards.
Sthapati has earned a number of titles and awards, including Padma Bhushan.

</doc>
<doc id="18739206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739206" title="Mamadou Koulibaly">
Mamadou Koulibaly

Mamadou Koulibaly (born 21 April 1957) is an Ivorian politician who was President of the National Assembly of Côte d'Ivoire from 2001 to 2011. Previously he was Minister of the Budget in 2000 and Minister of the Economy and Finance from 2000 to 2001. For years he was leading member of the Ivorian Popular Front (FPI), briefly leading the party in an interim capacity in 2011 before quitting it.
Political career.
A Muslim and a native of the north of Côte d'Ivoire, Koulibaly was born at Azaguie-Gare and studied economics, becoming an economist and economics professor. Under the transitional military regime of Robert Guéï, Koulibaly served in the government as Minister of the Budget from 15 January 2000 to 18 May 2000, then as Minister of the Economy and Finances from 18 May 2000 to 25 October 2000. When Guéï was ousted following the disputed results of the October 2000 presidential election and FPI leader Laurent Gbagbo was sworn in as President, Koulibaly retained his post as Minister of the Economy and Finances, while gaining the role of Government Spokesman. He remained in those posts until 15 January 2001.
Koulibaly stood as an FPI candidate in the December 2000 parliamentary election and was elected to the National Assembly from Koumassi constituency. He was then elected as President of the National Assembly on 22 January 2001 without opposition. Another FPI deputy, Emile Boga Doudou, was also a candidate, but withdrew prior to the vote. The opposition Democratic Party of Côte d'Ivoire (PDCI) supported Koulibaly's candidacy as a gesture of cooperation.
In the aftermath of the 2002–2003 civil war, in which rebels failed to unseat Gbagbo but seized control of the north of the country, Koulibaly was noted as one of the main hard-line FPI figures surrounding Gbagbo who were hostile to the Marcoussis peace accord and despised opposition leader Alassane Ouattara. He was closely associated with Simone Gbagbo, who was Gbagbo's wife as well as President of the FPI Parliamentary Group. Alleged coup plotters led by Ibrahim Coulibaly were said to have conspired to kill Koulibaly along with President Gbagbo and Gbagbo's wife before being thwarted in August 2003.
After President Gbagbo extended National Assembly's parliamentary mandate in January 2005, contrary to the wishes of United Nations mediators, Koulibaly strongly criticized the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire (UNOCI) in an interview with the newspaper "Le Courrier" that was published on 1 February 2006. According to Koulibaly, UNOCI had ceased to play a positive role in the resolving the Ivorian conflict and was only exacerbating the situation.
In June 2010, Koulibaly accused Désiré Tagro—the Minister of the Interior and another top ally of Gbagbo—of embezzling money and showing regional favoritism regarding admissions to a training school for the police. Gbagbo ordered an investigation into the allegations; in July 2010, the investigation judged that the allegations were without merit, and Tagro, who continued to enjoy Gbagbo's favor, was ultimately unscathed by the episode.
Following the second round of the October–November 2010 presidential election, both Gbagbo and Ouattara claimed victory. Although his claim to victory was rejected by regional and international institutions, Gbagbo was promptly sworn in for a new term on 4 December 2010. Koulibaly was notably absent from the hastily arranged swearing-in ceremony, raising some eyebrows. In an interview a few days later, Koulibaly explained that he had been out of the country at the time. Regarding the severe political controversy that had erupted between Gbagbo and Ouattara, Koulibaly urged calm and stressed that the dispute should be peacefully resolved through the creation of a national unity government. He said that was the method settled upon for the resolution of post-election disputes in Africa and he said that it should be done quickly.
Koulibaly attempted to resolve the situation through dialogue and met with Ouattara, but his efforts came to nothing. Although known as a long-time Gbagbo loyalist, he did not actively take sides in the conflict. As the political dispute turned violent and the two sides battled in Abidjan in March–April 2011, Koulibaly went to neighboring Ghana. After Ouattara's forces captured Gbagbo and effectively took control of Abidjan on 11 April, Koulibaly returned to Abidjan on 19 April 2011. He met with Ouattara on 20 April and discussed the situation, especially the need to constitutionally normalize it by formally swearing in Ouattara as President and putting Ouattara's orders through the National Assembly. Ouattara appeared willing to leave the existing National Assembly, dominated by the FPI and chaired by Koulibaly, in place for the time being. Koulibaly also complained that his homes had been looted, his family had been threatened, and the National Assembly's offices had been damaged. He stressed reconciliation and expressed concern regarding persecution of FPI members and attacks on members of Gbagbo's Bété ethnic group.
FPI President Pascal Affi N'Guessan was arrested soon after Gbagbo's capture, and consequently Koulibaly took over the party leadership as Acting President. Responding to Ouattara's stated willingness to include moderate Gbagbo supporters in a national unity government, Koulibaly said on 25 May 2011 that the FPI would consider such participation only if Gbagbo and others who supported him were released.
Koulibaly finally resigned on 12 July 2011 over the unwillingness of hardline members of the FPI to accept Ouattara's victory and take steps to form a credible political opposition party.
Party positions.
Koulibaly was the FPI's Deputy Secretary-General in charge of Economic Questions and West African Integration before becoming one of the party's Vice-Presidents.

</doc>
<doc id="18739212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739212" title="Taotao (anime)">
Taotao (anime)

The series is about the eponymous Taotao, a small panda. In the stories, Taotao has adventures with his animal friends and listens to the stories of his mother, the mother panda.
The theme music of the series was composed by the Czech Karel Svoboda.
International broadcast.
The series has been shown in Finnish on the Yleisradio channels. The series was narrated in Finnish by Inkeri Wallenius over the German soundtrack of the Austrian ORF television channel. 
The series was also broadcast in Israel where it was dubbed to Hebrew and its theme was sung in hebrew by the singer Ilanit. 
In Greece, the series was broadcast in the '80s on the TV channel ET1 in Greek language.
In the late 80s it was broadcast in Afrikaans in South Africa. The anime was also broadcast in the early 90s multiple times as تاو' تاو' and is still popular in the arab world.
In popular culture.
The Finnish band Guava published the Taotao theme music as a single in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18739236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739236" title="Kurowashiki All Japan Volleyball Tournament">
Kurowashiki All Japan Volleyball Tournament

,is a volleyball tournament in Japan.
Kurowashiki(黒鷲旗) means the flag of black eagle. It opens in May every year at Osaka. It is organized by the Japan Volleyball Association and the Mainichi Newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="18739243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739243" title="Suurlaid">
Suurlaid

Suurlaid () is a small island in the Baltic Sea belonging to the country of Estonia. Its coordinates are 
Suurlaid lies just off south coast of the Estonian island of Muhu. Together Muhu and neighbouring islands Viirelaid, Võilaid it forms Muhu Parish (Estonian: "Muhu vald"), the rural municipality within Saare County, Estonia. The nearest populated settlement is the village of Pädaste, which lies on the southern coast of Muhu. 
The island has a total area of 1.9 km2 and is very flat. The highest elevation point on the island is only 2.1 meters above the sea level. 
The area around the island is rich fish stocks and the island itself is farm managed in the spring and summer with cattle and sheep.
See also.
List of islands of Estonia

</doc>
<doc id="18739248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739248" title="Khemaies Jhinaoui">
Khemaies Jhinaoui

Khemaies Jhinaoui (born 1954) is a Tunisian diplomat. He was in 2011 the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Tunisia to the Russian Federation.
In May 1996, he was sent to Israel to open his country's interest office in Tel Aviv.
References.
Secretary of state for foreign affairs of tunisia

</doc>
<doc id="18739251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739251" title="Lars Schneider">
Lars Schneider

Lars Schneider is a fictional character of German soap opera "Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love)". The character has been played by actor Herbert Ulrich from 24 October 2002 to 18 May 2005 and again from 13 October 2006 to 29 August 2008.
Character's background.
Lars is the younger brother of the bistro owner Charlie Schneider (Gabriele Metzger) and is a successful lawyer. He comes from Dallas to Düsseldorf to visit his sister, who he hasn't seen almost ten years. Charlie soon gets him a job as legal consul at the media company 'Beyenbach AllMedia'. Lars is happy and decides to stay in town. After only a few days, Lars meets the powerful businesswoman Sylvia Jones (Heike Brentano) and falls in love with her. But Sylvia only begins an affair with Lars to make her former husband, Martin von Beyenbach (Gerry Hungbauer), who owns 'Beyenbach AllMedia', jealous. When Sylvia's little sister Hanna Novak (Katharina Dalichau) comes to town, she begins to fall for the smart lawyer and wants him to see Sylvia's true face. When Lars finally sees that Sylvia only used him, he breaks up with her and soon Hanna and Lars become a couple. 
For a while, Hanna and Lars are very happy with each other, but when 'Beyenbach AllMedia' is in serious trouble, he needs to work day and night. Hanna and he don't find much time for each other and estrange more and more. Then Hanna meets the attractive Carla von Lahnstein (Claudia Hiersche) and they become friends. But Carla is a lesbian and begins to fall in love with Hanna, which is why she ends her friendship with Carla. But with time, Hanna discovers that she cares about Carla, more than she thought. Lars doesn't notice and wonders why Hanna distances herself more and more from him. He still thinks Hanna is the love of his life and he wants to spend the rest of his life with her. Because of that, he buys an expensive apartment, where he wants to live with her. Hanna sees that she needs to make a decision. In the new apartment, Lars plans a romantic surprise for Hanna, but when she shows up, she breaks up with him. Lars doesn't understand and wants to know why, but Hanna keeps her feelings for Carla a secret, because Carla is a Countess and her father doesn't know about her homosexuality.
Without an apartment, Lars moves in with his client and friend Felix von Beyenbach (Stefan Kirch). He soon begins to work as a lecturer on the university, after he lost his job at 'Beyenbach AllMedia'. One of his students is the vixen Vanessa von Beyenbach (Inez Bjørg David), Felix' cousin. After she failed an important exam, Lars decides to give her private tutoring. Vanessa tries to seduce him, but Lars stops her. However, after they spend more time together, Vanessa is successful and seduces Lars in the shower. For Lars this was only a one-night-stand and he doesn't want to repeat it, but Vanessa lures him into an affair. When they sleep together again, Lars searches for a condom in Vanessa's bag and finds the questions for the next test. Angry he wants to know, why she is doing that to him and bringing his job in danger. Vanessa tries to put the fault on Felix, but Lars believes him and not her and ends their affair. Meanwhile, Vanessa has true feelings for Lars and says that she loves him. But Lars only laughs about it. After that, Vanessa wants revenge and plans an intrigue together with another student. Vanessa lures Lars into the girls toilet, where she simulates a rape, with the other student as "witness". Lars loses his job and his reputation is almost ruined. He wants Vanessa's father Bernd (Ron Holzschuh) to talk to his daughter, so that she tells everyone the truth. Otherwise he would go to the press and make his fake marriage to Carla, who is still in a relationship with Hanna, public. But Vanessa stays by her statement against Lars and only Hanna believes that Lars is innocent. She goes to stay by his side, but they get into a fight, in which Lars kicks her down the stairs by accident.

</doc>
<doc id="18739257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739257" title="Bangladesh (record producer)">
Bangladesh (record producer)

Shondrae Crawford, better known by his stage names Bangladesh and Mr. Bangladesh, is a Grammy Award-winning American record producer, disc jockey (DJ) and rapper, who was born and raised in Des Moines, Iowa, and now lives in Atlanta, Georgia.
Early life and career.
Bangladesh began producing beats in 1998, but his first big break did not come until 2000 with his production of the hit single, "What's Your Fantasy" for Ludacris, with whom he then worked with many times afterward. In respect to his name, he's said he chose the name Bangladesh because he describes his keyboard-centric production style as "Bangladesh": "It's just Bangladesh. It's foreign to the ears." He worked with Lil Wayne, producing one of his most successful singles, "A Milli." He also produced the beat behind Gucci Mane's song Lemonade, which went on to be remixed or freestyled over by many artists, including Yelawolf, Curren$y, Tyler, the Creator with Earl Sweatshirt, and Big Sean. He also produced Wayne's hit 2011 song "6 Foot 7 Foot", featuring Cory Gunz, and he has produced for Ludacris, Beyoncé, Ke$ha, Usher, Nicki Minaj, T-Pain, Bad Meets Evil, Ice Cube, and many other artists. Bangladesh collaborated with Bajan singer Rihanna on "Talk that Talk" for the song "Cockiness (Love It)".

</doc>
<doc id="18739281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739281" title="Van der Wal">
Van der Wal

Van der Wal (or Van de Wal, Vander Wal, Vanderwal) is a toponymic surname of Dutch origin. The original bearer of the name may have lived or worked at or near a "wal": a river embankment, quay, or rampage. In 2007, Van de(r) Wal was the 47th most common surname in the Netherlands (15,646 people). In Belgium, the form Van de Walle is more abundant. People with the name Van de(r) Wal include:

</doc>
<doc id="18739286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739286" title="Fraternity">
Fraternity

A fraternity (Latin "frater" : "brother") is a brotherhood, although the term sometimes connotes a distinct or formal organization and sometimes a secret society. A fraternity (or fraternal organization) is an organized society of men associated together in an environment of companionship and brotherhood; dedicated to the intellectual, physical, and social development of its members.
History.
There are known fraternal organizations which existed as far back as ancient Greece and in the Mithraic Mysteries of ancient Rome. Analogous institutions developed in the late medieval period called confraternities, which were lay organizations allied to the Catholic Church. Some were groups of men and women who were endeavoring to ally themselves more closely with the prayer and activity of the Church; Others were groups of tradesmen, which are more commonly referred to as guilds. These later confraternities evolved into purely secular fraternal societies, while the ones with religious goals continue to be the format of the modern Third Orders affiliated with the mendicant orders.
The development of modern fraternal orders was especially dynamic in the United States, where the freedom to associate outside governmental regulation is expressly sanctioned in law. There have been hundreds of fraternal organizations in the United States, and at the beginning of the 20th century the number of memberships equaled the number of adult males. (Due to multiple memberships, probably only 50% of adult males belonged to any organizations.)
In 1944 Arthur M. Schlesinger coined the phrase "a nation of joiners" to refer to the phenomenon. Alexis de Tocqueville also referred to the American reliance on private organization in the 1830s in "Democracy in America".
There are many attributes that fraternities may or may not have, depending on their structure and purpose. Fraternities can have differing degrees of secrecy, some form of initiation or ceremony marking admission, formal codes of behavior, disciplinary procedures, very differing amounts of real property and assets.
Types.
The only true distinction between a fraternity and any other form of social organization is the implication that the members freely associate as equals for a mutually beneficial purpose, rather than because of a religious, governmental, commercial, or familial bond, although there are fraternities dedicated to each of these fields. On college campuses, fraternities may be divided into groups: social, service, professional and honorary.
Fraternities can be organized for many purposes, including university education, work skills, ethics, ethnicity, religion, politics, charity, chivalry, other standards of personal conduct, asceticism, service, performing arts, family command of territory, and even crime. There is almost always an explicit goal of mutual support, and while there have been fraternal orders for the well-off there have also been many fraternities for those in the lower ranks of society, especially for national or religious minorities. Trade unions also grew out of fraternities such as the Knights of Labor.
The ability to organize freely, apart from the institutions of government and religion, was a fundamental part of the establishment of the modern world. In "Living the Enlightenment", Margaret C. Jacobs showed the development of Jurgen Habermas' 'public space' in 17th century Netherlands was closely related to the establishment of lodges of Freemasons.
Trade guilds.
The development of fraternities in England can be traced from guilds that emerged as the forerunners of trade unions and friendly societies. These guilds were set up to protect and care for their members at a time when there was no welfare state, trade unions or universal health care. Various secret signs and handshakes were created to serve as proof of their membership allowing them to visit guilds in distant places that are associated with the guild they belong.
Over the next 300 years or so, the idea of "ordinary" people joining together to improve their situation met with varying degrees of opposition (and persecution) from "People in Power", depending on whether they were seen as a source of revenue (taxes) or a threat to their power. When Henry VIII broke from the Roman Catholic Church, he viewed the guilds as supporters of the Pope, and in 1545 expropriate their property. Later, Elizabeth I appropriated apprenticeships away from guilds, and by the end of her reign most guilds had been suppressed.
The suppression of these trade guilds removed an important form of social and financial support from ordinary men and women. In London and other major cities, some Guilds (like the Freemasons and the Odd Fellows) survived by adapting their roles to a social support function. Eventually, these groups evolved in the early 18th century into more philosophical organizations focused on brotherly love and ethical living. Among guilds that became prosperous are the Freemasons, Odd Fellows and Foresters.
In many instances fraternities are limited to male membership, but this is not always the case, and there are mixed male and female, and even wholly female, fraternities. For example, for general fraternities: the Grande Loge Mixte de France, the Honorable Fraternity of Ancient Freemasons, the Grande Loge Féminine de France, the various Orders of Odd Fellows, Orange Order, Daughters of Rebekah and the Order of the Eastern Star.
College and university fraternities.
Fraternities have a history in American colleges and universities and form a major subsection of the whole range of fraternities. In Europe, students were organized in nations and corporations since the beginnings of the modern university in the late medieval period, but the situation can differ greatly by country.
In the United States, fraternities in colleges date to the 1770s, but did not fully assume an established pattern until the 1820s. Many were strongly influenced by the patterns set by Freemasonry. The main difference between the older European organizations and the American organizations is that the American student societies virtually always include initiations, the formal use of symbolism, and the lodge-based organizational structure (chapters) derived from usages in Freemasonry and other fraternal organizations such as the Odd Fellows and Knights of Pythias.
The oldest active American college fraternity is the Kappa Alpha Society founded in 1825 at Union College, followed closely by Sigma Phi Society (1827) and Delta Phi Fraternity (1827) at the same school. Other fraternities are also called literary societies because they focus on the literary aspect of the organization and its role in improving public speaking.
In Germany the German Student Corps are the oldest academic fraternities. Twenty-eight were founded in the 18th century and two of them still exist. 
Most of their traditions have not changed much for the past two centuries. These traditions include academic fencing duels with sharp blades while wearing only eye and neck protection, or regular hunting events, as can be seen in examples such as Corps Hubertia Freiburg, Corps Palatia Munich, Corps Rhenania Heidelberg, or Corps Altsachsen Dresden.
At Swedish universities, especially those of Uppsala and Lund, students have organized in nations since the 16th century. These organisations are open to all students who wish to join. Parallel to the nations both Uppsala and Lund play host to a large number of university related secret societies, for both students and older academics.

</doc>
<doc id="18739310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739310" title="Grubb Street">
Grubb Street

Grubb Street may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18739311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739311" title="Vrooom Vrooom">
Vrooom Vrooom

Vrooom Vrooom is a live album (2CD set) by the band King Crimson, released in 2001.
Although it was released during the active lifespan of the 2000-2003 King Crimson "Double Duo" lineup (and following two albums featuring this lineup, "The ConstruKction of Light" and the live "Heavy ConstruKction"), "Vrooom Vrooom" is compiled from recordings by the previous six-man line-up of the band (the "Double Trio" which lasted from 1994 to 1997). This is because the album was intended as a wider commercial release combining two previous releases which had been made available on more limited media in 1999.
Disc 1 of "Vrooom Vrooom" is taken predominantly from the same recordings as the 1999 live album "Live in Mexico City" (originally made available exclusively as a Windows Media Audio download). The eleventh track on the disc, "Biker Babes of the Rio Grande", is an alternative version of the track "Fearless and Highly Thrakked", featured on "Thrakattak" (1996) (track 2) and "King Crimson on Broadway" (2CD set) (1999) (disc 2, track 12). Disc 2 of "Vrooom Vrooom" derives mostly from the same recordings as the 1999 live album "King Crimson on Broadway" (originally released as the July 1999 disc in the subscriber-only King Crimson Collectors' Club release schedule).
This album contains the most recently recorded live version of "21st Century Schizoid Man", which has not been played live since 1996

</doc>
<doc id="18739320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739320" title="African military systems after 1900">
African military systems after 1900

As the 20th century began, most of Africa, with the exception of Ethiopia and Liberia, was under colonial rule. By the 1980s, most nations were independent. Military systems reflect this evolution in several ways:
For events prior to 1800, see African military systems to 1800. For events between 1800 and 1900, see African military systems (1800–1900). For an overall view of the military history of Africa by region, see Military History of Africa. Below are the major activities and events that shaped African military systems into the 20th and 21st century.
Rebellions, resistance and "mop up" operations.
By 1900, the imperial powers had won most of the initial major battles against indigenous powers, or had occupied strategic areas such as coastlines, to secure their dominance. Colonies were established or expanded across the landscape- sometimes eagerly, as in the case of major mineral finds- or sometimes forced on the imperial center by the outlying actions of grasping or ambitious settlers, merchants, military officers, and bureaucrats. The complexity of African responses to the new order defies a simple narrative of good versus evil. In some cases the intruders were welcomed as useful allies, saviours or counterweights in local disputes. In other cases, they were bitterly resisted. In some areas, the colonial regimes brought massive land confiscations, violence and what some see as genocide. In others they brought education, better security, new products and skills, and improved standards of infrastructure and living.
The historical record shows destructive operations by both indigenous hegemony and foreign intruders. Some of the methods used by the colonial powers are also reflected in armed European conflicts. Murdered peasants, livestock and grain seizures, arbitrary quartering of troops, and massive theft and looting by roaming armies for example, are common occurrences in various eras of European military history. Napoleon's brutal occupation of Spain is but one example. Nor did the colonial era see a complete cessation of purely internal disputes and wars. These were much reduced from the 19th century due to the colonial conquests, but still occurred in some areas with varying levels of intensity. Some limited areas of North Africa, such as Libya, were still under the sway of non-European powers like the Ottomans, adding to the complexity of the colonial situation.
Whatever the balance sheet in different areas, it is clear that consolidation and exploitation of the new territories involved a large measure of coercion, and this often provoked a military reply. The exact form of such coercion varied- it could be land seizures, forced labor, hut taxes, interference in local quarrels, monopolism of trade, small-scale punitive expeditions, or outright warfare of genocidal intensity as that waged by the Germans against the Herero and Namaqua (or "Nama") in southwest Africa. African military responses in this "mop up" or "pacification" period of the century's first decades were diverse- ranging from minor rebellions and revolts, sustained guerilla warfare, and full scale clashes. Only a few of these varying responses are considered here in terms of African military systems.
Twilight of the mounted man.
West Africa's largest single state during the 19th century, the Sokoto Caliphate of northern Nigeria moved into the 20th century with its military system intact- the traditional mix of infantry and cavalry. New powers and technologies however were appearing on the scene. Some cavalry-strong states like the Tukolor, made sporadic attempts to incorporate weapons like artillery but integration was poor. Sokoto largely stuck to the old ways, and met its end in 1903 at the hands of imperial Britain. Sokoto's soldiers, whether horse or foot, had very few guns. The Caliphate's tactics were to attack in a series of set-piece battles, with thundering cavalry charges leading the way, followed by infantry armed with bow, sword and spear. As the fighting men surged forward into combat, their movements were accompanied by loud music and drums These however were not enough, and assaults were quickly routed by the modern weaponry of virtually invulnerable British squares. Traditional fortified cities and forts also made a poor showing and were usually rapidly breached by British artillery. Thus ended the heyday of the centuries-old West African cavalry-infantry combination. In Southern Africa the mounted men of the Boer forces also saw defeat in 1902, as imperial troops implemented a blockade and scorched earth policy against their mobile tactics. This outcome paralleled general developments on the battlefield, as mounted forces gradually lost their relevance under modern firepower.
Guerilla warfare in Southwest Africa.
Guerilla warfare was a common military response in many areas of Africa during the early colonial era. The bitter 1904–1907 war between imperial Germany and the Herero tribe in today's Namibia is an illustration of this pattern, with tragic consequences for the indigenous resistance, including concentration camps, forced labor and a scorched earth extermination policy that even some contemporary Germans found repugnant. In August 1904, German colonial troops under commander Lothar von Trotha, carried out a ruthless cleansing campaign against the recalcitrant Herero and Nama tribes, who had risen in revolt against increasing white demands for land, labor and cattle. Several white farmers were killed in the rising and thousands of cattle were collected. General von Trotha counterattacked with well equipped modern troops, and refused Herero offers to negotiate surrender. His extermination proclamation, issued on October 2, 1904 read in part: ""Every Herero found within German borders, with or without guns, with or without livestock, will be shot. I will not give shelter to any Herero women or children.."" An estimated 75,000 Herero and Nama were slaughtered. Thousands were killed in battle and in the aftermath, victorious German forces chased the survivors into the waterless Omaheke Desert, physically preventing any from returning. Thousands of men, women and children died of thirst and starvation. Many of those Herero and Nama that survived this slaughter were sent to specially erected concentration camps or to forced employment on German commercial farms. Hundreds of civilians died due to the inhumane conditions in the camps and on the farms. The liquidation of the blacks opened the way for the seizure of land and cattle and consolidated European control over the territory.
The Rif Wars.
The Rif wars are relatively obscure compared to the well known Ethiopian victory at Adowa or that of the Zulu at Isandhlwana. Nevertheless it was a significant demonstration of large scale warfare by indigenous troops, and fighters of the Moroccan Rif and J'bala tribes dealt several defeats to Spanish forces in Morocco over their course. It took a massive collaboration by French and Spanish forces to finally liquidate resistance in 1925.
Early defeats of the Spanish.
The Rif War of 1920, also called the Second Moroccan War, was fought between Spain (later assisted by France) and the Moroccan Rif and J'bala tribes. Spain moved to conquer the lands around Melilla and Ceuta and the eastern territory from the Jibala tribes during the 1920s. In 1921 Spanish troops suffered a momentous defeat — known in Spain as the disaster of Annual — by the forces of Abd el-Krim, the leader of the Rif tribes. The Spanish were pushed back and during the following five years, occasional battles were fought between the two. In a bid to break the stalemate, the Spanish military turned to the use of chemical weapons against the Riffians. The Berber tribesmen had a long tradition of fierce fighting skills, combined with high standards of fieldcraft and marksmanship. They were capably led by Abd el-Krim who showed both military and political expertise. The elite of the Riffian forces formed regular units which according to Abd el-Krim, quoted by the Spanish General Manual Goded, numbered 6–7,000. The remaining Riffians were tribal militia selected by their Caids and not liable to serve away from their homes and farms for more than fifteen consecutive days. General Goded estimates that at their peak the Riffian forces numbered about 80,000 men. Spanish troops in Morocco were initially mainly Metropolitan conscripts. While capable of enduring much hardship they were poorly trained and supplied, with widespread corruption reported amongst the officer corps. Accordingly much reliance was placed on the limited number of professional units comprising the Spanish "Army of Africa". Since 1911 these had included regiments of Moorish Regulares. A Spanish equivalent of the French Foreign Legion, the Tercio de Extranjeros ("Regiment of Foreigners"), was also formed in 1920. The regiment's second commander was General Francisco Franco.
Entry of France into the war and collaboration between France and Spain.
In May 1924, the French Army had established a line of posts north of the Ouregha River in disputed tribal territory. On 13 April 1925, an estimated 8,000 Rifs attacked this line and in two weeks 39 of 66 French posts had been stormed or abandoned. The French accordingly intervened on the side of Spain, employing up to 300,000 well trained and equipped troops from Metropolitan, North African, Senegalese and Foreign Legion units. French deaths in what had now become a major war are estimated at about 12,000. Superior manpower and technology soon resolved the course of the war in favour of France and Spain. The French troops pushed through from the south while the Spanish fleet secured Alhucemas Bay by an amphibious landing, and began attacking from the north. After one year of bitter resistance, Abd el-Krim, the leader of both the tribes, surrendered to French authorities, and in 1926 Spanish Morocco was finally retaken.
Impact of World War I and World War II.
The massive conflicts of World War I and World War II were to have important effects on African military development. Hundreds of thousands of African troops served in Europe and the Pacific and gained new military skills via their exposure to new forms of organization, handling of advanced weaponry, and intense modern combat. The exposure to a wider world during the two conflicts opened up a sense of new possibilities, and opportunities. These were eventually to be reflected in demands for greater freedom in homeland colonies. The success of peoples like the Japanese also demonstrated that European forces were not invincible, and post-war weakening of many former imperial powers provided new scope in challenging the colonial order.
World War I.
Unlike the African troops of Britain, who saw very little action on European battfields during World War I or World War II, France deployed hundreds of thousands of African fighting men to aid its cause, including some 300,000 North Africans, some 250,000 West Africans and thousands more from other regions. Over 140,000 African soldiers for example, fought on the Western Front during World War I and thousands of others fought at Gallipoli and in the Balkans. French West African troops fought and died in all the major battles of the Western Front, from Verdun (where they were instrumental in recapturing a fort) to the Armistice. Some writers (Lunn 1999) argue that towards the end of World War I, the black soldiers were increasingly been used as shock troops, and were absorbing three times as many casualties as white French troops. The French did offer such incentives as citizenship for those who fought, and French leader Clemeanceau pushed for continued recruitment of West Africans to fight for France, maintaining that it was better blacks were killed than long-suffering white Frenchmen. One in five West African combat soldiers who fought in WWI died in the war, compared to less than 17% for the French. Colonial troops such as Indian regiments in British employ suffered less.
During the conflict, African soldiers were not simply local enforcers of colonial hegemony, but also served as a major combat reserve for use in European conflicts. The case of the British Indian Army, including its elite Gurkha regiments is well known in this role, but the Senegalese and other African regiments of France demonstrate a similar pattern from Africa. Based on a variety of contemporary accounts, the performance of many African units was excellent, and both their German enemies and American allies accord them respect in a wide range of commentary, particularly fighting units from Morocco and regiments of "Tirailleurs Senegalais" from France's "Armee coloniale." One French commander, commander of the 58th Regiment on the Western Front favored the dmployment of blacks as shock troops to save white lives: ""finally and above all superb attack troops permitting the saving of the lives of whites, who behind them exploit their success and organize the positions they conquer.""
The impact of the European war was substantial in Senegal and other French African colonies. Many of the soldiers had volunteered, but the French also resorted to extensive conscription in its territories. Many of the African soldiers found army life in Europe comparatively more egalitarian than civilian life under the colonial regimes of their homelands. The mixing of African troops with troops and civilians from other races however often made colonial regimes nervous. In 1918 for example, South Africa, forced to earlier deploy armed Africans to cover manpower shortages, removed its black troops from France, because "blacks in the French front were contaminated with foreign notions about race relations and other social grievances." Unlike the British, the French employed a number of high ranking black soldiers, such as Sosthene Mortenol, Commander of the Air Defenses of Paris. The exigencies and shared dangers of war also seemed to have created, in measure, more mutual understanding and freer communication between Africans and Europeans, although this did not translate immediately into a more just order in their homeland territories. Ironically, the last troops to surrender in World War I were the black soldiers fighting for Germany in East Africa.
The British made use of Africans primarily as labor and transport troops. Almost all of one such group of Africans, the South African Native Labour Corps (SANLC), met a sudden end in a famous 1917 incident, that sparked sympathy throughout South Africa. Their transport, the SS Mendi was struck by another ship, the Darro, which was sailing without warning lights or signals, and made no attempt to pick up the survivors. Their chaplain, Reverend Isaac Dyobha, is reported to have rallied the doomed black troops on deck for one final muster, referencing old warrior traditions as the waves closed in:
The Second Italian-Ethiopian War: 1935–36.
The Italo-Ethiopian War (1935–36), saw Ethiopia's defeat by the Italian armies of Benito Mussolini. Ethiopia (Abyssinia), which Italy had unsuccessfully tried to conquer in the 1890s, was in 1934 one of the few independent states in a European-dominated Africa. A border incident between Ethiopia and Italian Somaliland that December gave Benito Mussolini an excuse to intervene. Ethiopian Emperor Haile Selassie I pulled all forces back from the border so as not to give the "Duce" any reason for aggression, but to no avail. Rejecting all arbitration offers, the Italians invaded Ethiopia on October 3, 1935. The Ethiopians were poorly armed with antiquated artillery, obsolete firearms, little armor, and some 20 outmoded planes. The Italians had over 200,000 troops in place, well equipped with modern arms for air and ground fighting.
Under Generals Rodolfo Graziani and Pietro Badoglio, the invading forces steadily pushed back the ill-armed and poorly trained Ethiopian army, winning a major victory near Lake Ascianghi (Ashangi) on April 9, 1936, and taking the capital, Addis Ababa, on May 5. Italian operations included the use of hundreds of tons of mustard gas, banned previously by the Geneva Convention. The nation's leader, Emperor Haile Selassie, went into exile. In Rome, Mussolini proclaimed Italy's king Victor Emmanuel III emperor of Ethiopia and appointed Badoglio to rule as viceroy. In response to Ethiopian appeals, the League of Nations had condemned the Italian invasion in 1935 and voted to impose economic sanctions on the aggressor. The sanctions remained ineffective because of general lack of support, and because they excluded key war-making material- iron, coal, steel and most critically, oil. Strangely, aluminum, a metal that Italy had in plenty, and even exported, was on the list of sanctions that supposedly punished Italy. Although Mussolini's aggression was viewed with disfavour by the British, who had a stake in East Africa, the other major powers had no real interest in opposing him. One historian notes that Britain could have starved the Italian war machine to a halt simply by closing the Suez Canal to the Duce, but while issuing public statements condemning Italy, Britain took no real action. Indeed senior British and French officials hatched the cynical Hoare-Laval pact to carve up the country- handing three-fifths of Ethiopia to the Italians without Ethiopia's consent. Press leaks created public outrage that canceled the deal. Less that a year after the Italian invasion, the League voted to remove sanctions against Italy. The war ultimately gave substance to Italian imperialist claims, and contributed to international tensions between the fascist states and the Western democracies. It also sounded the death knell of the League of Nations as a credible institution according to some historians. These outcomes were to eventually culminate in World War II.
World War II.
Numerous Africans participated in World War II with black troops from France's colonial domains making up the bulk of the non-Europeans. Senegalese (sometimes a generic name for black troops from French colonies) put up a stiff fighting resistance against he during the great German Blitzkrieg into France. These, African troops were also to form a large part of the Free French Forces that maintained French resistance under Charles de Gaulle, outside the continent. In Africa, Felix Eboue, a black colonial administrator, was instrumental in rallying the territory of Chad for the Free French, adding thousands of fighting troops and masses of equipment to de Gaulle's cause. Other colonial formations were made up of troops from north Africa. As the Germans were beaten back, African troops made up the bulk of the initial forces that participated in the liberation of France during 1944, including supporting the French crossing of the Rhine.
The British colonies deployed fewer numbers of black African troops. Thousands of white South Africans and Rhodesians saw service in the Middle East and the Mediterranean, while black soldiers generally were assigned to logistics formations. Some black regiments however did see combat, such as the King's African Rifles in the conquest of Madagascar from Vichy France in 1942, and the thousands of men of two West African divisions that fought with the British 14th Army against the Japanese in Burma. World War II was to have a profound effect on attitudes and developments in the African colonies. As various colonial reports note:
This dissatisfaction was to have significant effects as the de-colonization/liberation era approached.
Decolonization.
Warfare in Southern Africa.
The mid-1960s saw the beginning of a series of conflicts across southern Africa between white governments and various military and political movements for black majority rule.
Coups and counter-coups.
1952
1960
1961
1963
1964
1965
1966
1967
1969
1970s - warfare in southern Africa
1971
1972
1974
1975
1976
1979
1980
1981
1982
1983
1984
1985
1987
1990
1992
1994
1999
2003
2004
2005
2006
2008
The post-Cold War era.
Rise of asymmetric warfare and the "technicals" generation.
With the exception of a handful of nations such as Egypt, South Africa, and Sudan, most national armies in Africa are comparatively small and lightly armed, although many have a limited number of heavy weapons such as tanks. The post-colonial era however has also seen the emergence of numerous non-state military forces, such as terrorists, rebel guerilla organizations, ethnic gangs, and local warlords with various political platforms. Such non-state actors add to the instability of the African situation, and the growth of "asymmetric" warfare and terrorism makes the military challenges in Africa more acute.
The military landscape that these asymmetric forces operate in has been shaped by political instability and the massive introduction of inexpensive arms, such as the Chinese and Russian variants of the AK-47, RPG (antitank grenade launchers), light mortars, and rocket-type weapons. The traditional mobility of the horse and camel is diminished from earlier times, but the rise of the technical, a pickup truck fitted with a machine gun, RPG, or light mortar has brought a comparative degree of mobility and firepower to fighting organizations within Africa, both state and non-state. While unable to match the major armies openly in intensity of firepower and armor, the technicals and the weapons described above can cause significant harm when local light infantrymen fight on interior lines, and can deter the sustained intervention of foreign forces.
One illustration of the continued relevance of lightly armed Third-World forces operating on their own ground is the 1993 American intervention in Somalia. Local fighters shot down two US Black Hawk helicopters with RPGs and killed 18 elite Army Rangers. Although Somali losses in the encounter were huge (some 1,000 men) and the Rangers accomplished their assigned mission to snatch prisoners, the affair caused the American government to pull out of Somalia, ultimately leaving the field to the local militiamen. An even more dramatic demonstration of today's African mobility was demonstrated in the successful war of Chadian fighters (see the Toyota War) against Arab Libya's modern army of over 20,000 troops, numerous artillery pieces, 300 tanks, APCs and Mig and SU-10 attack jets. As one military analyst notes of the Chadian performance:
Guerilla organizations, paramilitaries and other asymmetric elements also continue to make an important impact in local areas—threatening to overthrow local regimes as well as generating widespread misery and economic dislocation in various areas. Such patterns are not unique to Africa and are also seen in places such as the Balkans.
Major modern forces in Africa.
Contrasting with the small scale, more fragmented pattern in many parts of the continent are the modern forces of such major powers as Egypt and South Africa. Well equipped for air and ground fighting, such regional powers represent a significant illustration of the growing capacities of Africa-based armies. The well-organized Canal Crossing of the Egyptians in the 1973 Yom Kippur War for example, is spoken of with respect by some Western military analysts and demonstrates the degree to which some continental forces have mastered modern technology.
However, detailed open-source evaluations of Egyptian military effectiveness, remain skeptical of any great capability leaps, arguing at length that the same problems that held the Egyptians back in 1956, 1967, and 1973 remain. The initial success at Suez for example, was comprehensively beaten back by the Israelis, first in the Sinai and then in the Battle of the Chinese Farm, leading to the cutting off of the Egyptian Third Army. Compared to previous Egyptian performances however, the Suez crossing represented a step forward, and showed an increasing sophistication on the battlefield.
Further south, Somalia in July 1977 initiated the Ogaden War with Barre's government trying to incorporate the predominantly Somali-inhabited Ogaden region in Ethiopia into a Pan-Somali Greater Somalia. The Somali national army invaded the Ogaden and was successful at first, capturing most of the territory. But the invasion reached an abrupt end with the Soviet Union's sudden shift of support to Ethiopia and was forced to retreat with almost the entire communist world siding with Ethiopia. Somalia's initial friendship with the Soviet Union and later partnership with the United States enabled it to build the fourth largest army in Africa.
South Africa's forces likewise are the most powerful in sub-Saharan Africa, and represent another demonstration of how modern systems continue to evolve. Intermediate nations like Ethiopia increasingly grow more sophisticated, adding to dynamic patterns of change and transformation illustrated from the earliest times on the continent, to the present.
21st century military challenges.
The military challenge in Africa is huge in the post-Cold War era. It is a continent covering some 22% of the world's land area, has an estimated population of some 800 million, is governed by 53 different states, and is made up of hundreds of different ethnicities and languages. According to a 2007 Whitehall Report, ("The African Military in the 21st Century, Tswalu Dialogue"), some issues affecting African militaries in the 21st century include:
Future of African military systems.
Theme of modernization.
Some writers argue that military activities in Africa after 1950 resemble somewhat the concept of a "frontiersman" – that is, warriors from numerous small tribes, clans, polities, and ethnicities seeking to expand their "lebensraum" – "living space" or control of economic resources, at the expense of some "other." Even the most powerful military below the Sahara, South Africa, it is argued, had its genesis in the notions of "lebensraum", and the struggle of warriors from tribes and ethnicities seeking land, resources and dominance against some defined outsider. The plethora of ethnic and tribal military conflicts in Africa after the colonial period- from Rwanda, to Somalia, to the Congo, to the apartheid state, is held to reflect this basic pattern. Others maintain that ethnic and tribal struggles, and wars over economic resources are common in European history, and military conflicts and development that these struggles aid or hinder can be seen as a reflection of the process of modernization.
Inspiration from the past in African military systems.
Yet other writers call for a renewed study of the past as inspiration for future reforms. They maintain that there has been a decline in African military systems from their indigenous foundations of the pre-colonial era, and early post colonial phases. In these eras, it is argued, African military forces generally conducted themselves "with honor" but future decades were to see numerous horrors and infamy. Peoples like the Asante, Zulu etc. fought hard and sometimes viciously, but this was within the context of their cultural understanding, at their particular time and place. There were no mass campaigns of genocidal extermination against others. Encounters with such African military forces it is held, often generated the universal code of respect between opposing warriors who had seen combat- one fighting man to another. An example of this can be seen in British writings such as post-mortem accounts of enemy leadership at the battle of Amoaful against the Asante:
According to R. Edgerton, historian of many African conflicts:
Likewise indigenous freedom forces fighting for independence indulged in savage fighting and some atrocities, but there were no wholesale massacres of tens of thousands. Indeed some indigenous liberation forces went out of their way to spare combatants. It is claimed that this tradition of restraint and comparatively clean hands in the military sense, has been shattered and overshadowed by the bloody slaughters of civilians in numerous civil wars in Liberia or Sierra Leone, to mass genocidal slaughter of the latter 20th century in places like Rwanda and the Sudan. Added to these have been breaches of discipline seen in the large number of military coups, and assassinations afflicting the continent, military breaches that would have been unthinkable under fighting leaders of old like Shaka of the Zulu, or Opoku ware of the Asante. Too often it is argued, some of today's armies distinguish themselves by torture and murder of unarmed civilians, but show little appetite for real fighting against well-armed foes who can shoot back – a stark contrast with the warriors of olden time – like the Ethiopian, Zulu, Asante or Kongo hosts, who confronted credible opponents with much better technology, and still won. A challenge to African militaries of the future is to restore this tradition of discipline and honor, and transform themselves once more to "armies of the people", according to some writers:

</doc>
<doc id="18739327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739327" title="Alfredo Rogerio Pérez Bravo">
Alfredo Rogerio Pérez Bravo

Alfredo Rogerio Pérez Bravo is the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United Mexican States to the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18739356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739356" title="Historic Artists' Homes and Studios">
Historic Artists' Homes and Studios

Historic Artists' Homes and Studios is a network of 30 of the United States' most significant artists' homes and studios that are open to the public. The designation is from the National Trust for Historic Preservation.

</doc>
<doc id="18739359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739359" title="Michael E. Marks">
Michael E. Marks

Michael Edward Marks (born January 5, 1960) is an American author, poet and songwriter best known for his patriotic writings in support of America's Armed Forces. 
Mr. Marks also wrote the bestselling military science fiction novel Dominant Species (novel) which provides a very hard-hitting depiction of Marines in powered armor, as well as non-fiction books on counterterrorism such as "The Emergency Responder's Guide to Terrorism". Books and interactive programs authored by Mr. Marks have been incorporated into state-mandatory certification programs in 27 states, with adoptions by such entities as the George Washington University College of Forensic Science, the US Army/FBI Hazardous Devices School, the FBI National Academy and throughout numerous federal and state-level law enforcement and intelligence agencies.
Named the Poet Laureate of the Society of the 9th Infantry Division (United States) (SONID), Marks' work hangs in the Titan Missile Museum in Sahuarita, Arizona and has been featured in numerous books, magazines and newspapers around the world, to include Stars and Stripes (newspaper) and The Washington Times.
In 2007, Marks teamed with award-winning country music artist Michael Martin Murphey to create the hit country single adaptation of "A Soldier's Christmas" after the poem met with longstanding ovations in Murphey's national Cowboy Christmas tour, leading to a national release. Marks' works have been professionally produced by on-air personalities such as Thom Richards, WOKO Radio and air annually on radio stations across the United States. In 2009, Chicago radio celebrity Paul Brian teamed with Joe Cantafio to produce a musical performance of "A Soldier's Christmas" to benefit the Wounded Warrior Project in their support of injured soldiers and their families.
Several of these poems have been termed modern Christmas classics that have been incorporated into school plays and public presentations around the country.

</doc>
<doc id="18739361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739361" title="Lyn Moran">
Lyn Moran

Lyn Moran (born Lyn Stuckey on November 12, 1978) is an American entertainer best known for being a cast member of the children's performing group The Wiggles.
Early life and education.
Moran was born and raised in Columbia, South Carolina. She studied dance from the age of four and at the age of eight she was participating in national dance competitions. 
After receiving the Palmetto Fellows Academic Scholarship in high school, Moran attended the University of Georgia and graduated in 2001 with a BS in genetics.
The Wiggles.
In February 2003, Moran began touring with The Wiggles on The Dorothy The Dinosaur Tour as one of the Wiggly Dancers and as Dorothy the Dinosaur. On television, Moran had a recurring role on "The Wiggles" as Dorothy the Dinosaur on more than twenty episodes shown on the Disney Channel between 2005 and 2006, and also as one of their Friendly Pirates.
Personal life.
She is married to Australian fellow performer Sam Moran, another member of The Wiggles who was the Yellow Wiggle from November 2006 to January 2012. According to news reports, they met in 2003, while working together. The couple's first child was born in January 2010 in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="18739395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739395" title="Native Korean Rock">
Native Korean Rock

Native Korean Rock is a side project of Indie rock artist, Karen O. She premiered as Native Korean Rock at New York City's Union Pool on July 21st, 2008. Unlike Karen's band, the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Native Korean Rock performs slow, romantic themed songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18739404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739404" title="Stephen Bolsin">
Stephen Bolsin

Stephen Nicholas Cluley Bolsin (born 1952) is a British anaesthetist who became famous as the whistleblower whose actions to prevent incompetent paediatric cardiac surgery at the Bristol Royal Infirmary led to the implementation of clinical governance reforms in the United Kingdom.
Career background.
Stephen Bolsin graduated with BSc Hons (Anatomy) London in 1974 and MB, BS London in 1977. He became a fellow of the Royal College of Anaesthetists London in 1982. Bolsin became a Consultant Anaesthetist at the Bristol Royal Infirmary, The Bristol Eye Hospital England in 1989. He was the first National Audit Co-ordinator Association of Cardiothoracic Anaesthetists of Great Britain & Ireland London England 1991 – 1996.
The Bristol paediatric cardiac surgery scandal.
In 1989, as a new consultant anaesthetist at the Bristol Royal Infirmary, Bolsin identified that too many babies were dying during heart surgery. He spent the next six years confirming the high mortality rates and attempting to improve the service. This led to a fall in mortality rates for children’s heart surgery in Bristol from 30% to less than 5%; it also, however, led to direct confrontation with paediatric cardiac surgeons whom the hospital refused to investigate. Bolsin eventually took his concerns to the media and became a whistleblower. Bolsin's actions led directly to a major government inquiry, the "Kennedy Report" which made wide-ranging recommendations about reform of clinical governance in UK hospitals.
From 1989 to 1995 Bolsin published numerous articles and chapters in textbooks relating to the provision of high quality cardiac services while he was a Consultant Anaesthetist at the Bristol Royal Infirmary. He also acted as a Department of Health Committee member advising on the assessment of quality and performance in cardiac surgery in the UK from 1992 to 1995. Over the same period Bolsin was also a Department of Health Advisor on performance measurement and risk adjustment in cardiac surgery. The Department of Health Committee, supported by the then Chief Medical Officer Sir Kenneth Calman, was provided with £3 million to introduce audit of cardiac surgical activity in the NHS and was chaired by Professor Taylor.
Significance of Bolsin's whistleblowing.
Bolsin's actions significantly reduced high death rates for children’s heart surgery in The Bristol Royal Infirmary. This was the first time that such a serious problem had been identified and then rectified in the NHS. It remains to this day the most important single-handed clinical outcomes improvement brought about in the NHS. Particularly as a result of widespread adoption of recommendations from the" Kennedy Report", Bolsin’s actions have affected clinical governance in each speciality in every hospital in the NHS. The concept of ‘Clinical Governance’ that has emerged and taken root in the UK NHS, Australia, New Zealand and globally, arose directly out of Bolsin’s actions in Bristol. The GMC have confirmed that Bolsin was the only doctor in the UK prepared to write to them about the events in the children’s cardiac surgery service at the Bristol Royal Infirmary. Over the years that this case was discussed in the House of Commons, Members of Parliament confirmed that Bolsin knowingly sacrificed his job, professional popularity and ultimately his young family’s life in Britain in defence of his conscience, what he knew was morally right. Bolsin's achievements in establishing Clinical Governance across the UK and globally have never been formally acknowledged in the UK.
Patient safety work in Australia.
Being unable to obtain work in the UK after the scandal, Bolsin took up a senior appointment at the Geelong Hospital in Australia. In 1996 he became Director Department of Perioperative Medicine, Anaesthesia & Pain Management The Geelong Hospital Ryrie Street Geelong Victoria. In 1997 he became an Honorary Associate Professor Department of Pharmacology Faculty of Medicine University of Melbourne Victoria 1997. In 2003 he became Honorary Associate Professor Department of Epidemiology & Preventive Medicine Monash University Victoria. In 2005 he was appointed Senior Principal Research Fellow & Honorary Associate Professor Department of Clinical & Biomedical Sciences Faculty of Medicine University of Melbourne Victoria.
In Australia he has collaborated with other academics in assisting other healthcare whistleblowers. He has also promoted the idea of personalised digital recording of adverse incidents (including near-misses) as a means of improving healthcare quality by medical professionals, particularly those involved in anaesthesia and surgery. Bolsin has contributed to medical and ethical standards in the UK, Australia, New Zealand, Ireland, US and China by lecturing, publishing in the medical press, teaching medical students and developing innovative technology.

</doc>
<doc id="18739413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739413" title="Isaac-Joseph Berruyer">
Isaac-Joseph Berruyer

Isaac-Joseph Berruyer (born at Rouen, 7 November 1681; died at Paris, 18 February 1758) was a French Jesuit historian. He entered the Society of Jesus in 1697.
Works.
His great work is "A History of the People of God," published in three parts. 
The first of these parts bears the title "Histoire du peuple de Dieu depuis son origine jusqu'à la venue du Messie" (7 vols., Paris, 1728). A revised and augmented edition of this was published in Paris in 1733. Next followed (Paris, 1734), a supplement, containing a continuation of the prophecies of the "Old Testament", the History of Job, maps necessary for understanding the sacred history, etc. By 1736 seven editions of the work had been issued. It was translated into German, Italian, Spanish, and Polish. 
The second part of the "history" was published, also at Paris, in 1753: "Histoire du peuple de Dieu depuis la naissance du Messie jusqu'à la fin de la Synagogue." in 1754 an "édition plus exacte" appeared at Antwerp (8 vols.) and in 1755, at Paris, still another edition (4 vols.). The latter contained five questions: (1) On Christ, the object of scriptures; (2) On Christ, the Son of God; (3) On Christ, the Son of Man; (4) On Christ, the founder of a new religion; (5) On the Presentation of Christ in the Temple and the Purification of the Blessed Virgin Mary. According to Augustin de Backer this second part of the History was published without the knowledge, and against the will, of the superiors in the Jesuit house in Paris. Berruyer put his name to only a small number of copies of this publication. 
The third part of the work has the title, "Histoire du peuple de Dieu, ou paraphrase des Épitres des Apôtres" (2 vols., Lyons, 1757).
The work, as various parts appeared, aroused an uproar and some bitter controversy. The freedom with which he described certain facts was considered unbecoming. Serious fault was found with the author for giving to portions of the sacred narrative the air of romance rather than of sober history. Some propositions put forward by him were construed as favoring Nestorianism. But above all Berruyer was blamed for following the opinions of Jean Hardouin. 
The work was condemned by many bishops of France, by the superiors of the Society, by the Sorbonne, and by the Parliament of Paris. The first part was put on the Index, 27 May 1732; the second part, 3 December 1754, and by a Brief of Benedict XIV, 17 February 1758; the third part 24 April 1758, and by and Brief of Clement XIII, 2 December 1758. (See "Index Librorum Prohibitorum", Rome, 1900, 62). A corrected edition of the first part, approved by the Roman Censors, was published at Besançon in 1828.

</doc>
<doc id="18739431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739431" title="Ilie Iordache">
Ilie Iordache

Ilie Iordache (born 23 March 1985) in Bucureşti) is a Romanian football player currently playing as a midfielder for Liga I club Săgeata Năvodari.
Career.
Iordache started his professional career at CSM Reşiţa in 2003. Iordache was sold to Universitatea Craiova making there his debut on Liga I against Gloria Bistriţa. During 2005–06, Iordache signed for Dinamo Bucureşti II, he was a mainstay in the starting 11 and was regularly playing as an Attacking Midfielder. Iordache also scored the goal which won the derby against their rivals FC Rapid Bucharest.
Iordache then transferred to Pandurii Târgu Jiu agreeing to a 3-year contract, being their greatest signing in the summer 2006. Iordache scored on his debut against Craiova. Iordache also scored the winning goal against Rapid Bucharest in the cup final. Iordache did not resign his contract since he is ready to play abroad.
On 17 June, Iordache signed a 3-year contract with AEK.
At the start of 2010, Rapid completed the loan deal that will bring Iordache (back in Romania, at least until the end of the season. Iordache has a contract with AEK Athens that will only expire in 2012, but the player seems to have realized that he has slim chances to play regular there and spoke about the possibility of a permanent deal. On 19 July 2010 Iordache released on a free by AEK.
Iordache previously played for Romania squads U-17 and U-19.

</doc>
<doc id="18739432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739432" title="Mugurel Dedu">
Mugurel Dedu

Alexandru Mugurel Dedu (born 1 March 1985 in România) is an Romanian footballer who plays for Liga II club CSMS Iași.

</doc>
<doc id="18739434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739434" title="Robert Bălăeţ">
Robert Bălăeţ

Robert Bălăeţ (born 18 November 1974 in Târgu-Jiu, Gorj County, Romania) is a retired Romanian footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="18739444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739444" title="Coxeter–James Prize">
Coxeter–James Prize

The Coxeter–James Prize is presented annually by the Canadian Mathematical Society. The award is presented to young mathematicians in recognition of outstanding contributions to mathematical research. The first award was presented in 1978. The prize was named in honor of the mathematicians Donald Coxeter and Ralph James.

</doc>
<doc id="18739448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739448" title="Agoseris grandiflora">
Agoseris grandiflora

Agoseris grandiflora is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names bigflower agoseris and grassland agoseris. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California to Utah, where it grows in many habitat types. This is a perennial herb producing a basal patch of leaves of various shapes reaching maximum lengths of 50 centimeters. There is usually no stem, but there is sometimes a rudimentary one. The upright part of the plant is actually the peduncle of the inflorescence, which can approach a meter in height. It is coated in soft white hairs. The flower head at the top is up to 4 centimeters wide and lined with reddish or purplish green phyllaries with curling tips. The head is ligulate, containing many yellow ray florets and no disc florets. The fruit is an achene which may be nearly 3 centimeters long, including a long beak and long white pappus.

</doc>
<doc id="18739458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739458" title="Erotic Heritage Museum">
Erotic Heritage Museum

The Erotic Heritage Museum (EHM) is a area with dedicated to displays on the history of erotica and is located at 3275 Industrial Road in Paradise, Nevada. The grand patron of the Museum is Harry Mohney, founder of the Déjà Vu strip club chain. The museum opened on August 2, 2008.
The museum is under the direction of Curator, Dr. McIlvenna and Resident Curator, Dorian Gomez. Dr. Ted McIlvenna, of the Exodus Trust, is housing portions of his archives in the Erotic Heritage Museum. The Exodus Trust archives consists of 40 years of collecting and preserving all genres of the erotic imagination. The Exodus Trust also owns and manages the Institute for Advanced Study of Human Sexuality in San Francisco, California, offering degrees related to human sexuality and sexual health. The museum also has erotic photography, film and artifacts from around the world. International and Local artists are also featured at the museum. Erotic films from the early 1900s are highlighted at the museum. The Erotic Heritage Museum also holds workshops, lectures, film clubs and live performances of erotic poetry, dance and music. 
The Museum seeks to bridge the gap between that which is commercial and often misidentified as pornographic, with that which is aesthetic, often identified as folk, pop, and fine art through a common visual language. In keeping with the legacy of the American Sexual Revolution, the Museum is dedicated to the belief that sexual pleasure and fun are natural aspects of the human experience, that such pleasure must be made available to all, and that our individual sexuality belongs to each of us.

</doc>
<doc id="18739463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739463" title="Bolland">
Bolland

Bolland is a surname. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18739556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739556" title="Beyaz Show">
Beyaz Show

Beyaz Show is a popular Talk Show program hosted by Turkish television personality Beyazıt Öztürk (also known as Beyaz). It has been on air on Kanal D since December 1996. The program is among the most highest rated television shows in Turkey. The program consists Beyaz interviewing various celebrities and segments of his unique brand of humour.

</doc>
<doc id="18739583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739583" title="Milagros D. Ibe">
Milagros D. Ibe

Milagros Dimal Ibe is a multi-awarded teacher-educator in mathematics education. Dr. Ibe devised numerous teacher training programs and research studies that led to the development of policies in basic and higher education in the Philippines. According to the Science Education Institute of the Philippines, "she has left a legacy of teaching with compassion to the young generation of math and science teachers" and "her ability to simplify esoteric concepts into lessons easily understood by young minds significantly helped in demystifying mathematics".
Educational background.
Milagros Dimal Ibe was born in Lubao, Pampanga in 1931, but moved to Manila to study. She graduated "summa cum laude" from the now defunct Quezon College in Manila, with a BA in English and BSc major in mathematics. She taught for a few years in her hometown before she transferred to teach at the University of the Philippines Rural High School at Los Baños, Laguna. Eventually, she moved to the University of the Philippines Diliman, where she finished her Master of Arts major in curriculum and instruction. Later on, she got her PhD from the University of Toronto in Canada. She almost became Dean of the College of Education in 1990, but instead she became Vice Chancellor of the University of the Philippines Diliman.
Awards and achievements.
In 1993 Ibe was appointed Director of the University of the Philippines - Institute for Science and Mathematics Education Development (UP-ISMED). The Dolores Hernandez Lecture Series in science education was started by her during the start of her term, to be a monthly Friday afternoon event as part of the Institution's extension activities. The series continued through the years of her directorship and long after her term, though much less frequently. In December 1995, Dr. Ibe represented the Philippines in the Third International Mathematics and Science Study (TIMSS).
Retired life.
Ibe retired from UP-ISMED in November 1996 on her sixty-fifth birthday, following the practice of those in government service, but she continued to work as consultant to various educational institutions and to the Professional Regulation Commission. Presently, Dr. Ibe, already in her mid-70s, is the Dean of Graduate School of Miriam College in Quezon City and concurrently professor emeritus in the College of Education of the University of the Philippines, where she is still very active in promoting, among others, mathematics education.

</doc>
<doc id="18739589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739589" title="Shin-Urayasu Station">
Shin-Urayasu Station

Lines.
Shin-Urayasu Station is served by the Keiyō Line between and , and by Musashino Line through services between Tokyo and . The station is located 16.1 km from the western terminus of the line at Tokyo Station.
Station layout.
The elevated station consists of two island platforms serving four tracks. The station has a "Midori no madoguchi" ticket office.
Platforms.
The outer tracks (1 and 4) are generally used by stopping trains to allow non-stop trains to pass.
History.
The station opened on December 1, 1988.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2010, the JR East station was used by an average of 54,779 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).

</doc>
<doc id="18739592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739592" title="Parahawking">
Parahawking

Parahawking is an activity that combines paragliding with falconry. Birds of prey are trained to fly with paragliders, guiding them to thermals.
Parahawking was developed by British falconer Scott Mason in 2001. Mason began a round-the-world trip in Pokhara, Nepal, where many birds of prey – such as the griffon vulture, steppe eagle and black kite – can be found. While taking a tandem paragliding flight with British paraglider Adam Hill, he had the opportunity to see raptors in flight, and realised that he could combine the sports of paragliding and falconry. He hopes that others will also be interested in the combined endeavours. He has been based in Pokhara ever since, training and flying birds during the dry season between September and March.
The team started by training two black kites, but have since added two Egyptian vultures, Kevin and Bob, to the team. Only rescued birds are used – none of the birds have been taken from the wild.
Mason and Hill documented their endeavours, with help from colleague Graham Saunders-Griffiths, in a film entitled "Parahawking". In addition to being named Best Debut Film at the 2003 Festival International du Film de Vol libre in St-Hilaire, France (held as part of the Coupe Icare), and winning top prize in the 'Air' category at the 5th Hory a Mesto international festival of mountain films in Slovakia, "Parahawking" was a finalist in the category of 'Best Film on Mountain Sports' at the 2003 Banff Mountain Film Festival, and competed for the title of 'Best Documentary' at the 2004 Cervino International Film Festival.
Mason's work has been featured in many publications around the world, from falconry-related journals and newsletters, to paragliding publications, mainstream magazines and newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="18739603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739603" title="C.E. Toberman Estate">
C.E. Toberman Estate

The C. E. Toberman Estate, also known as Villa Las Colinas, is a gated Mission Revival mansion and estate on Camino Palermo in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983, and as a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument in 1984..
Architecture.
In 1922, C. E. Toberman hired architects Russell & Alpaugh to design his Mission Revival and Spanish Colonial Revival style dream house, which took two years to build and was completed in 1924. The estate, built on a lot, includes a 19-room, main house, a guest apartment and garage, and a separate natatorium with a 30 by tiled pool with cabanas under skylights. The main house has eight fireplaces, a butler's pantry and cut-crystal doorknobs. Toberman, who lived to be 101 years old, recalled in a 1981 interview that the estate became "practically a country club" with its enclosed swimming pool, tennis courts, a nine-hole pitch-and-putt golf course, and formal gardens.
History.
The house was built for Charles E. Toberman (1880-1981), a noted real estate developer who was known as "Mr. Hollywood" and the "Father of Hollywood" for his role in developing Hollywood and many of its landmarks, including the Hollywood Bowl, Grauman's Chinese Theater, the Roosevelt Hotel, the Grauman's Egyptian Theatre and the Hollywood Masonic Temple. 
The house was reportedly featured in the first issue of "Architectural Digest" with a young Bette Davis at the front door. The Toberman family lived at the estate until 1941. It was situated on one of the most exclusive streets in Hollywood, adjacent to the Errol Flynn estate and with neighbors including Bette Davis, Samuel Goldwyn, Preston Sturges, Al Jolson, Ozzie and Harriet Nelson and Fatty Arbuckle.
In 1980, the Toberman estate sold for $1 million (then a record price for a house in the Los Colinos section of Hollywood), and it was listed for sale in 1982 at a price of $1.5 million. The estate was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983, after the property was purchased and renovated by Beverly Hills attorney and investor Donald L. Hunt. In the 1980s the house was recommended for Historic-Cultural Monument status by the Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission, but the proposal was initially rejected by the City Council because "the property owner and the councilman of the district object." The estate was later designated as Historic Cultural Monument #285.
Filming location.
The Toberman Estate has long been a popular filming location. In 1990, it was the principal filming location for the film "Where Sleeping Dogs Lie". The Toberman Estate was also used as "the hip 'trophy' house of Vincent Chase on the first two seasons of HBO's "Entourage" and the later sixth season.
The estate was later renamed "Villa Las Colinas" and is rented for receptions and special events at price of "$10,000–$50,000 depending on your event's requirements."
August 2009 Fire.
On the morning of August 30th, 2009, a fire broke out in the kitchen of the main house. The Los Angeles Fire Department responded at 8:29 AM with 130 firefighters. The flames spread to the attic, and it took just over two hours for it to be extinguished. Two firefighters received minor injuries and were taken to local hospitals. 

</doc>
<doc id="18739608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739608" title="Jaka Mwambi">
Jaka Mwambi

Jaka Mgwabi Mwambi is a Tanzanian politician and diplomat. Mwambi is a former Regional Commissioner of Rukwa Region, Tanga Region and Iringa Region and was Deputy Secretary-General of the Chama Cha Mapinduzi party, until he was replaced by George Mkuchika, a Member of Parliament from Newala district, in November 2007.
Mwambi was appointed as the Ambassador of the United Republic of Tanzania to the Russian Federation, and presented his credentials to the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs on 24 July 2008, and to President Dmitry Medvedev on 18 September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18739617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739617" title="Gulf of Catania">
Gulf of Catania

The Gulf of Catania () is an inlet of the Ionian Sea on the eastern coast of the Italian island of Sicily. 
Some twenty miles (or thirty-two kilometres) long and some five miles (eight km) wide, the gulf lies between Cape Campolato to the south and Cape Molini to the north. Mount Etna is close to it, and the Simeto River runs into it below Catania.

</doc>
<doc id="18739623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739623" title="Gheada">
Gheada

Gheada in the Galician language is the debuccalization of the phonemes /g/ (voiced velar stop) and /ɣ/ (voiced velar fricative) resulting in one of the following variations:
At times, the sound is also articulated as /x/ voiceless velar fricative like in some Peninsular Spanish pronunciations of "jamón".
A predominant linguistic phenomenon, gheada is attested throughout the western half of Spain's Galician-speaking region: in the provinces of A Coruña, Pontevedra, the westernmost part of Lugo, and the western half of Ourense. In the last two provinces, however, gheada is diminishing.
Orthographic representation.
In Galician or Spanish dialogue, this pronunciation is represented by the digraph "gh".
Examples:

</doc>
<doc id="18739631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739631" title="Emperor's Cup and Empress's Cup All Japan Volleyball Championship">
Emperor's Cup and Empress's Cup All Japan Volleyball Championship

, is a Japanese volleyball competition,established in 2007. It is organized by the Japan Volleyball Association.
Tennō(天皇) is the Emperor and Kōgō(皇后) is the Empress of Japan. Tennō Kōgō Commemorative Cup is given the champion of the tournament. The Commemorative Cup was given the winner of Kurowashiki All Japan Volleyball Championship until 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18739638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739638" title="List of actors with two or more Academy Awards in acting categories">
List of actors with two or more Academy Awards in acting categories

The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has given Academy Awards to actors and actresses for their performances in films since its conception. Throughout the history of the Academy Awards, there have been actors and actresses that have received multiple Academy Awards for Best Actor, Best Actress, Best Supporting Actor, or Best Supporting Actress. The only restriction is that actors cannot receive multiple nominations for the same performance. This rule was implemented after Barry Fitzgerald received a Best Actor and a Best Supporting Actor nomination for his performance in "Going My Way".
As of 2014, 40 actors and actresses have received two or more Academy Awards in acting categories. Six of these actors and actresses have received three or more acting Academy Awards: Katharine Hepburn (four Best Actress awards), Ingrid Bergman (two Best Actress awards and one Best Supporting Actress award), Walter Brennan (three Best Supporting Actor awards), Jack Nicholson (two Best Actor awards and one Best Supporting Actor award), Meryl Streep (two Best Actress awards and one Best Supporting Actress award), and Daniel Day-Lewis (three Best Actor awards).

</doc>
<doc id="18739652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739652" title="Castilleja arachnoidea">
Castilleja arachnoidea

Castilleja arachnoidea is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name cobwebby Indian paintbrush. 
It is native to northern California and Nevada and southern Oregon, where it is a resident of the local mountain ranges and the Modoc Plateau. This is a small woolly perennial herb growing up to about 30 centimeters in maximum height. Its narrow, pointed leaves are a few centimeters long and may be lobed. The inflorescence is coated in cobwebby fibers. The bracts are yellowish to dull red and the pouchlike flowers which emerge between them are greenish yellow to purplish red in color. The fruit is a capsule about a centimeter long.

</doc>
<doc id="18739675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739675" title="Metropol Cafe">
Metropol Cafe

Metropol Cafe is a Turkish sitcom produced by Cine 5. 
Its creator and writer is Birol Güven. Actors in the cast are Nigar Alkan, Moiz Meseri, Aslı Tatar, Bade İşcil, İnan Güngören, İbrahim Tokdağ, Ali Tirkeş, Yağız Küçükemre, Celal Karakaş, Güliz Onursal, Mehmet Ergin Balkaş and Özlem Işık.
External links.
http://www.cine5.com.tr/ (Program Website)

</doc>
<doc id="18739683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739683" title="SEIFA">
SEIFA

Socio-Economic Indexes for Areas (commonly known by its acronym, SEIFA) is a product that enables the assessment of the welfare of Australian communities. The indexes have been created by the Australian Bureau of Statistics, the national statistical agency. The source of the data is derived from the five-yearly Census of Population and Housing, and is calculated using principal component analysis.
Domains and variables.
First produced in 1971, SEIFA is primarily used to rank areas according to socio-economic advantage and disadvantage based on census data. The census variables used cover a number of domains and include household income, education, employment, occupation, housing and other indicators of advantage and disadvantage. Combined, the indexes provide more general measures of socio-economic status than is given by measuring one of the domains in isolation. SEIFA consists of four indexes, each being a summary of a different set of census variables:
Calculation method.
Principal Component Analysis is used to create SEIFA. This method creates a summary measure of a group of variables, in this case related to socio-economic advantage and disadvantage.
In a paper presented by the Queensland Department of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Policy at the Australian Population Association 2004 conference, it was claimed that SEIFA was not an accurate measure of social and economic disadvantage for indigenous Australians, especially where SEIFA is used at a small area level, and the populations or households in each area are relatively homogeneous.
Publication.
SEIFA is published every five years. Formerly available only to subscribers, SEIFA was made available for free on the Australian Bureau of Statistics website after changes in legislation relating to all Australian Bureau of Statistics electronic products in 2005-06. SEIFA is used by federal, state and local government agencies as well as community and business groups. The most recent issue is based on the 2011 Australian census which was released in March 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18739699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739699" title="Neil Galanter">
Neil Galanter

Neil Galanter is an American pianist in Los Angeles, California, who is a leading specialist in researching and performing the works of Iberian/Spanish, Catalan, Belgian, and other European composers including Mompou, Montsalvatge, Granados, Albeniz, Mompou, Blancafort, Espla, and Poot. He has also given the Australian, New Zealand, and European premieres of several works of such composers, including a work written for him by the British composer William Blezard in 2001. According to a reviewer of one of his performances on an Australian tour,
He debuted as a pianist at age 12 with the Detroit Symphony Orchestra.
He has a bachelors in music from University of Michigan, a Masters in performance from Temple University, and a Doctorate from University of Southern California. He also studied at the Juilliard School and the Manhattan School of Music.
On a tour in 2000, he performed in Brisbane, Australia, in Dunedin, New Zealand, and at the Music Centre in Christchurch, New Zealand.
In October 2007, he performed as a soloist with the Valley Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Robert Chauls, on October 13, 2007. He performed "Concerto for Piano" by Belgian composer Marcel Poot.
He served as music director at the "first anniversary gala" of the "88’s Cabaret" in West Hollywood, California in May, 2008.
He has worked with the Spanish and Flamenco dancer Inesita in cross genre, collaborative fusion performances of Spanish music and dance from varying centuries and styles including recent performances throughout California.

</doc>
<doc id="18739736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739736" title="Asian Relations Conference">
Asian Relations Conference

The Asian Relations Conference took place in New Delhi in March-April 1947. It was hosted by Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru, who then headed a provisional government that was preparing for India's Independence, which came on 15 August 1947. The Asian Relations Conference brought together many leaders of the independence movements in Asia, and represented a first attempt to assert Asian unity. The objectives of the conference were "to bring together the leading men and women of Asia on a common platform to study the problems of common concern to the people of the continent, to focus attention on social, economic and cultural problems of the different countries of Asia, and to foster mutual contact and understanding."
In his writings and speeches, Nehru had laid great emphasis on the manner in which post-colonial India would rebuild its Asia connections. At this conference Nehru declared: "... Asia is again finding herself ... one of the notable consequences of the European domination of Asia has been the isolation of the countries of Asia from one another. ... Today this isolation is breaking down because of many reasons, political and otherwise ... This Conference is significant as an expression of that deeper urge of the mind and spirit of Asia which has persisted ... In this Conference and in this work there are no leaders and no followers. All countries of Asia have to meet together in a common task ..."

</doc>
<doc id="18739738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739738" title="Wesmont (NJT station)">
Wesmont (NJT station)

Wesmont Station is a nearly completed New Jersey Transit train station that is part of a $400 million redevelopment effort of an old Curtiss-Wright aircraft assembly plant in Wood-Ridge, New Jersey, United States.
NJ Transit announced plans for the station on June 11, 2008, with the station being part of a large-scale redevelopment of the Curtiss-Wright plant site that was planned to include nearly 800 housing units, of retail and office space, a middle school, and a community center. Construction was scheduled to begin in 2009, with the station slated to open sometime in 2011. However, PCB contamination of the land required extensive environmental remediation. The first residential apartments opened in the spring of 2012. As of 2013, NJ Transit was projecting the train station to open by the summer of 2014.
Wesmont will be one of two rail stations in Wood-Ridge once it is completed. Unlike the other station in the borough, it will be served by NJT's Bergen County Line, positioned between Garfield and Rutherford stations and two stops away from Secaucus Junction. (The existing Wood-Ridge station is served by the Pascack Valley Line.)

</doc>
<doc id="18739742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739742" title="Crime in Benin">
Crime in Benin

Crime in Benin is high and especially targets visitors. Petty crime is common throughout the country. Street robbery is a significant problem in Cotonou. Robbery and mugging occur along the Boulevard de France (the beach road by the Marina and Novotel Hotels) and on the beaches near hotels frequented by international visitors. Most of the reported incidents involve the use of force, often by armed persons, with occasional minor injury to the victim. Even in daylight hours, foreigners on the beach near Cotonou are frequent victims of robberies. 
There has been a continued increase in the number of robberies and carjacking incidents after dark, both within metropolitan Cotonou and on highways and rural roads outside of major metropolitan areas. Overland travel to Nigeria is dangerous near the Benin/Nigeria border due to unofficial checkpoints and highway banditry. 
Drug trafficking in Benin is increasing, due mainly to the porous borders and lack of government intervention of the illegal drug trafficking. While neighboring countries are making a concerted effort to fight the drug trade, the traffickers are using Benin to traffic drugs from South America into the United States and Europe. Drug use within Benin is low, with marijuana being the drug of choice. Marijuana is grown in the central region of Benin. 
There is a high rate of credit card and automated teller machine (ATM) fraud, largely targeting foreigners.
In 2011, Transparency International ranked Benin as 100th of 182 countries on perceived corruption. Benin's score was 3 with 10 being the best possible score. 

</doc>
<doc id="18739757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739757" title="Maurice Le Sage d'Hauteroche d'Hulst">
Maurice Le Sage d'Hauteroche d'Hulst

Maurice Le Sage d'Hauteroche d'Hulst (born at Paris, 10 October 1841; died there, 6 November 1896) was a French Roman Catholic priest, writer, and orator. He was the founder of the Institut Catholique de Paris.
Life.
After a course in the Collège Stanislas, he entered the seminary of Saint-Sulpice and later proceeded to Rome to finish his ecclesiastical studies. There he obtained the doctorate in divinity. 
On his return he was for some time employed on the mission as curate in the populous parish of St. Ambrose. During the war of 1870 he became a volunteer chaplain in the army. In 1873 Cardinal Guibert called him to take part in the administration of the diocese, but he was engaged principally in founding and organizing the free Catholic University (then the Université Catholique de Paris), which the bishops opened at Paris after the passage of the law of 12 July 1875, allowing liberty of higher education. He became its rector in 1880 and for fifteen years devoted himself to developing it in every branch of learning. 
In 1891 he succeeded Père Monsabré in the pulpit of Notre-Dame de Paris and preached the Lenten conferences there for six successive years, on the bases of Christian morality and the "Decalogue". In 1892 he was elected deputy for Finistère on the death of Mgr Freppel. 
He died while still active, after a short illness.
Works.
Besides two biographies, the "Vie de la Mère Marie-Thérèse" (Paris, 1872) and the "Vie de Just de Bretenières" (Paris, 1892), he wrote "L'éducation supérieure" (Paris, 1886); "Le Droit chrétien et le Droit moderne", a commentary on the Encyclical "Immortale" of Leo XIII (Paris, 1886), a volume of "Mélanges philosophiques" (2nd ed., 1903); and also published two volumes "Mélanges oratoires" (Paris, 1891 and 1892) and the six volumes of his "Conférenees de Notre-Dame", with notes and appendixes (Paris, 1891–96). 
Among the many articles he contributed to the current reviews were the "Examen de conscience de Renan"; "Une Ame royale et chrétienne" (a necrology of the Comte de Paris), and "La Question biblique". Most of his occasional discourses were collected and published by the Abbé Odelin in the four volumes entitled "Nouveaux Mélanges oratoires" (Paris, 1900–07). Mgr Baudrillart, his successor at the head of the Catholic University, after the rectorship of Mgr Péchenard, published a collection of "Lettres de Direction" of Mgr d'Hulst.

</doc>
<doc id="18739763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739763" title="Ichikawa-Shiohama Station">
Ichikawa-Shiohama Station

Lines.
Ichikawa-Shiohama Station is served by the Keiyō Line between and , and by Musashino Line through services between Tokyo and . The station is located 18.2 km from the western terminus of the line at Tokyo Station.
Station layout.
The elevated station consists of two side platforms serving two tracks. The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office.
History.
The station opened on 1 December 1988.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 6,377 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
The passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="18739787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739787" title="Nassif Ghoussoub">
Nassif Ghoussoub

Nassif Ghoussoub, is a Canadian mathematician working in the fields of non-linear analysis and partial differential equations. He is a Professor of Mathematics, a Distinguished University Scholar, and an elected member of the Board of Governors of the University of British Columbia. 
He did his graduate work at the Pierre and Marie Curie University where his advisor was Gustave Choquet.
He was vice-president of the Canadian Mathematical Society from 1994 to 1996, the founding director of the Pacific Institute for the Mathematical Sciences (PIMS) for the period 1996–2003, a co-founder of the MITACS Network of Centres of Excellence, and is the founder and current scientific director of the Banff International Research Station (BIRS).
In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18739800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739800" title="Sheri Martinelli">
Sheri Martinelli

Sheri Martinelli, (January 17, 1918 – November 3, 1996) was an American painter, poet, and muse.
Life.
Martinelli was born Shirley Burns Brennan in Philadelphia in 1918. Of Irish ancestry, she was the eldest of four children and began using the name Sherry by the time she was a teenager. Later told that her first name had the wrong numerological value, she modified it to Sheri. The name Martinelli came by way of a brief early marriage to painter Ezio Martinelli, by whom she had a daughter Shelley (named after the poet) in 1943. 
Sheri Martinelli was a protégée of Anaïs Nin and is described at length in Nin's infamous Diary; she was the basis for "Esme", a major character in William Gaddis’s novel "The Recognitions", and then became the long-time muse and mistress of Ezra Pound in Washington, D.C. (she appears in various guises in the later Cantos); Charlie Parker and the members of the Modern Jazz Quartet hung out at her Greenwich Village apartment; Marlon Brando was an admirer and Rod Steiger collected her art, as did E. E. Cummings; she knew and was admired by all the Beats - Ginsberg was an especially close friend and mentions her in one of his poems- and she was known in San Francisco in the late 1950s as Queen of the Beats; H.D. identified with her and wrote about her in "End to Torment"; Pound wrote the introduction to a book of her paintings, and her art is now in collections throughout the world. She wrote unusual prose and poetry, much of it published in her own magazine, the "Anagogic & Paideumic Review". She was one of the first to publish Bukowski, and her magazine was the very first to review his work. 
In recent years, she has appeared under the pseudonym "Sheri Donatti" in Anatole Broyard’s "Kafka Was the Rage", under her own name in David Markson’s novel "Reader’s Block", as "Lady Carey" in Larry McMurty's 1995 novel "Dead Man's Walk", and she was anthologized in Richard Peabody’s "A Different Beat". When younger, she modeled frequently for Vogue and also appeared in one of Maya Deren’s experimental films."

</doc>
<doc id="18739826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739826" title="James O'Malley">
James O'Malley

James O'Malley can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18739836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739836" title="Cannibal Killers Live">
Cannibal Killers Live

Cannibal Killers Live is a CD/DVD box set from the industrial metal band Static-X. It is the first time the band has released a live album, and contains footage from a live performance in Spokane, Washington. "Cannibal Killers Live" contains the entire library of the band's officially released videos, and is accompanied by a CD that contains the audio for the Spokane concert. There was also a special edition of the set which was only attainable through Static-X's website. The special edition included a third disc containing a concert filmed in Los Angeles, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18739846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739846" title="Arctic skate">
Arctic skate

The Arctic skate ("Amblyraja hyperborea") is a species of fish in Rajidae family. It lives near the seabed between 140 and 2,500 metres in the Arctic ocean and waters around Canada and Northern and North-West Europe, in northern Pacific ocean and in waters surrounding Antarctica and New Zealand. 
The Arctic skate is about a metre long and is gray-brown with large dark spots. Its underside is white with dark patterns. It has thorns in line from back to near the end of its tail. It is oviparous; its eggs are capsules with hard horns on each corner. It eats all sorts of small animals at the bottom of the sea.

</doc>
<doc id="18739856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739856" title="Dollar Sweets dispute">
Dollar Sweets dispute

The Dollar Sweets dispute in 1985 was a small industrial dispute with major legal ramifications in industrial relations where an employer resorted to a common law verdict and damages in a case in the Supreme Court of Victoria to resolve a dispute after industrial courts proved ineffective. It was the first time a trade union was forced to pay common law damages to an employer for losses suffered through picketing in Australia. The dispute was also significant for boosting the career of the barrister representing the company, Peter Costello, leading him to stand for federal Parliament and become Treasurer in the Howard Government.
Background.
Dollar Sweets was a confectionery company in the Melbourne suburb of Malvern employing 27 people on a 38-hour week basis. The award for the industry specified a 40 hour week. The Hawke Government and the ACTU had entered into a wages accord which provided employer superannuation, reduced taxation and other social gains in return for unions agreeing to not pursue excessive wage claims. At the same time, centralised wage fixing was introduced in September 1983 where indexed wage rises were automatically granted to those workers whose unions undertook to abide by the Arbitration Commission's principles.
Several small unions, including the Federated Confectioners Association of Australia, refused to join the accord.
The company owner, Fred Stauder, proposed an agreement with his employees in November 1983, that if they agreed to abide by the principles of the Arbitration Commission, the company would pay them the prescribed increases. All 27 employees agreed to the proposal.
The dispute.
In July 1985, the Federated Confectioners Association started a campaign with employers for a 36-hour week. Although this breached Arbitration Commission wage-fixing principles, the union had never agreed to accept those principles. When the union demanded negotiations with Stauder on a 36-hour week, Stauder told the union he could not afford to reduce hours and offered to show his accounts to the union. A reduction in hours would have also broken the 1983 agreement Stauder had reached with his employees. 
Stauder offered his 27 employees that if they wished to continue to receive over-award pay for a (below-award) 38-hour week, they could do so if they signed a no-strike agreement; but, if they wanted to work a 36-hour week, they would have to find it elsewhere. Twelve employees accepted Stauder's offer, whereas the other 15 refused to sign the no-strike agreement and were subsequently sacked by the company, with the company employing another 15 workers in their place on existing conditions.
On 22 July 1985, a picket line was established by the sacked workers outside the Dollar Sweets factory. The picket line remained for 143 days, with the company refusing to reinstate the workers.
By October 1985, the company was still refusing to reinstate the sacked workers but through the Conciliation and Arbitration Commission had provided "an offer to assist in finding alternate employment within the industry and also to supply references to those people." Commissioner Bain recommended "that those who have been picketing should accept the employer's offer and cease their picketing forthwith." 
A number of bomb and arson threats were made against Dollar Sweets and one strike-breaking driver was assaulted and his truck vandalised. At one point, phone and telex lines were cut to the factory with telecom workers refusing to cross the picket line to repair the services.
Dollar Sweets received strong support and assistance from Richard Mulcahy, chief executive officer of the Confectionery Manufacturers of Australia. By December 1985, it was decided to seek an injunction under common law against the union in the Supreme Court of Victoria, with solicitor Michael Kroger engaging junior barrister and future federal Treasurer Peter Costello hired to represent the company. The case was financed by the Victorian Chamber of Commerce. 
The company alleged union interference with contractual relations, intimidation, nuisance, and a conspiracy to injure the plaintiff and sought an injunction and punitive damages. Victorian Supreme Court Justice Peter Murphy gave judgement, issued restraining orders on 12 December with the picket ending the next day. In his judgement, Murphy described the picketing as "stupid and nihilistic." He ruled that this was not a "lawful form of picketing, but a... nuisance involving obstruction, harassment, and besetting". It was beside the point that there were specialist courts for industrial disputes. "This court is not without power ... and should intervene". He issued an interlocutory injunction against the picket, and ordered the union to pay $175,000 in damages.
Aftermath.
The common law damages claim was settled in April 1988, when the union paid the sum of $175,000 to Dollar Sweets as compensation for the losses it suffered as a result of the picket.
Peter Stauder sold Dollar Sweets Holding Limited in 1999, which is now called Snack Foods Limited. 
Peter Costello described the case as ""It came to be bracketed with the Mudginberri Abattoir case as a great victory against militant unionism"". 
Doug Cameron, the secretary of the Australian Manufacturing Workers Union, with which the Federated Confectioners Association amalgamated, saw the dispute as a turning point. ""It was when the social contract between workers, business and the government started to collapse,"" and ""It became a cause celebre for the big end of town and lawyers started to realise they could make money ripping off the pay and conditions of workers.""

</doc>
<doc id="18739894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739894" title="Greengrass Productions">
Greengrass Productions

Greengrass Productions is an independent television production company that is a subdivision of the Disney-ABC Television Group.
It has, over the years, produced miniseries such as Oliver Stone's "Wild Palms", game shows such as "I Survived a Japanese Game Show", and reality series such as "" (in association with Endemol USA). It also briefly ventured into animated production with "Wild West C.O.W.-Boys of Moo Mesa" (co-produced with King World, now CBS Television Distribution) and the animated 1994 adaption of "The Secret Garden".

</doc>
<doc id="18739915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739915" title="3R">
3R

3R can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18739932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18739932" title="Trichosirius">
Trichosirius

Trichosirius is a genus of small sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Capulidae (previously Trichotropidae). 
Species.
Species within the genus "Trichosirius" include:

</doc>
