<doc id="18573584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573584" title="Peace (rapper)">
Peace (rapper)

Mtulazaji Davis, better known by his stage name Peace (usually styled P.E.A.C.E.) is a rapper from Los Angeles, California. He is a member of Freestyle Fellowship along with Aceyalone, Myka 9 and Self Jupiter. He has released two solo albums.
History.
Peace grew up mostly in Los Angeles, California. However, he stated that he lived in Dallas, Texas for about ten years. In elementary school, he played the accordion. He picked up the double bass when he had joined his school's marching band. When he returned to Los Angeles, Peace started playing the saxophone. 
In an interview, Peace stated he started rapping in his high school years in the mid to late 1980s. One of his friends had told him that there was a guy who rapped just like him at The Good Life Cafe named Myka 9. Not believing his friend, he went to go check out Myka 9 at The Good Life Cafe. Peace waited around for a while, but Myka 9 didn't show up. So then he got up on stage and performed for a bit and blew a few whigs back. With no luck, Peace had to wait until the next Thursday night. When he returned, Myka 9 was there. Peace listened to him perform and somewhat agreed with his friend. They both had the fast rapping down, but Myka 9 had his own style. Aceyalone was there that night and had asked Peace what his name was. Peace said "Mtulazaji". Aceyalone then asked what his rap name was and he replied with "Peace".
Released independently and distributed by tape collectors, Freestyle Fellowship's first album "To Whom It May Concern..." was a landmark. Although it only contains a few songs where they all rap together, each individual rapper's songs truly showcased each of their styles. Peace had two songs, "Physical Form" and "For No Reason", on the album. Their second album, "Innercity Griots", has been described as "an acknowledged underground masterpiece".
Peace released his first solo album, "Southern Fry'd Chicken", in 2000. His second solo album, "Megabite", was released in 2004.
Style.
Peace is known for his fast and choppy style. Many consider him to be the originator of the Dirty South style of rapping. 
He is also known for his freestyle rap having gone to battle with Eyedea but lost to him at Scribble Jam in 1999.
Film.
Peace is featured in the award-winning documentary "This Is the Life", chronicling the music movement that was birthed at The Good Life Cafe in South Central, Los Angeles. The Good Life Cafe is the open-mic workshop where he first performed with Freestyle Fellowship in the early 1990s.
Discography.
Solo
with Freestyle Fellowship
Guest appearances
Compilation appearances

</doc>
<doc id="18573586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573586" title="Homer D. Call">
Homer D. Call

Homer D. Call (September 19, 1843 Truxton, Cortland County, New York - April 1929) was an American labor leader and politician.
Life.
On October 1, 1861, he enrolled at Cortland, New York, and was mustered in as corporal of the 76th NY Volunteers to fight in the American Civil War. On December 13, 1862, he was wounded in the Battle of Fredericksburg. In July 1863, he was commissioned a second lieutenant, and in February 1864 a first lieutenant. He was captured in action on May 5, 1864, during the Battle of the Wilderness, later paroled, and discharged in February 1865. 
After the war, he settled in Syracuse, New York, and worked as a meat cutter, and later ran a meat market and grocery. He was Secretary and Treasurer of the Butchers and Meat Cutters of North America from 1897 to 1917, and a vice president of the American Federation of Labor.
In 1912, he ran on the Progressive and Independence League tickets for Secretary of State of New York, but was defeated by Democrat Mitchell May. After the suicide of Treasurer John J. Kennedy on February 15, 1914, neither Democrats nor Republicans had a majority on joint ballot in the New York State Legislature due to the presence of 19 Progressive members. The Progressives offered the Republicans a deal, but were turned down. Then they combined with the Democrats and, on February 25, elected Call New York State Treasurer to fill Kennedy's unexpired term (98 votes for Call, 96 votes for the Republican candidate William Archer) with the understanding that the Democratic officials, including Deputy Treasurer George W. Batten would continue at their posts in the Treasury. In November 1914, Call ran on the Progressive and Independence League tickets for re-election, but was defeated by Republican James L. Wells.

</doc>
<doc id="18573593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573593" title="Comic Roots">
Comic Roots

Comic Roots was a British television series from the early 1980s, documenting the biographies and influences of a number of popular comedians of the era.
Episodes included features on Les Dawson, and Alexei Sayle. Sayle converted his own documentary into an impromptu pub crawl.

</doc>
<doc id="18573606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573606" title="Nikolayevka, Armenia">
Nikolayevka, Armenia

Nikolayevka, Armenia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18573608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573608" title="Weekend Warrior (album)">
Weekend Warrior (album)

Weekend Warrior is the fifth studio album by the American recording artist Biz Markie, released in November 18, 2003, on Tommy Boy Entertainment, ten years after his last release, his 1993 album, "All Samples Cleared!" Production was handled by Cool V, DJ Mark the 45 King, Kev Brown, J-Zone, and Biz Markie himself. Guests on the album are Will Smith's former DJ, DJ Jazzy Jeff, singer Elephant Man, American rapper P. Diddy and producer Erick Sermon.

</doc>
<doc id="18573611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573611" title="WAXI">
WAXI

WAXI (branded as "True Oldies 104.9") is a radio station serving the Terre Haute, Indiana area with an oldies format. It broadcasts on FM frequency 104.9 MHz and is under ownership of David L. Crooks, through licensee DLC Media, Inc. 
WAXI also airs Chicago Cubs baseball games during the Major League Baseball season.
WAXI is also the acronym for the West African Exploration Initiative.

</doc>
<doc id="18573614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573614" title="Ferdinand Küchler">
Ferdinand Küchler

Ferdinand Küchler (14 July 1867 in Gießen – 24 October 1937 in Leipzig) was a German violinist and violist, renowned violin pedagogue, and composer of instructive violin music.
Life and work.
Küchler studied violin with Johann Naret-Koning and Hugo Heermann, and music theory with Arthur Egidi and Iwan Knorr from 1883 to 1888 at the Hoch Conservatory in Frankfurt am Main. In 1889 he took his first job as principal violist of the Symphony Orchestra in Basel, also playing viola in a string quartet, and later began teaching violin at the local music school. In 1898 he was appointed a violin teacher at the Hoch Conservatory in Frankfurt, and was also violist of the Heermann Quartet led by his former teacher. Küchler returned to Basel in 1910. The following year became director of a private music school and worked as a choral conductor. From 1927 to 1936 he taught violin at the State Conservatory of Leipzig (Landeskonservatorium der Musik).
Küchler wrote textbooks on violin technique and composed instructive pieces for the violin including several student concertos. His two-volume "Course of Violin Instruction" (published by Hug-Verlag, Zürich) was a cornerstone of the violin instructional literature until the mid-1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="18573630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573630" title="Glomfjord power plant">
Glomfjord power plant

Glomfjord power plant is a 6*20 MW hydroelectric power plant in Glomfjord in the municipality of Meløy in Nordland county, Norway. It gets its water from Nedre Navervatn lake which is located about 465 meters above the sea level, but there are plans to start taking water also from Fykanvatn lake.
The plant is currently owned by Statkraft.
History.
The power plant was built in 1918 and was designed by architect Olaf Nordhagen. In 1942, during the Second World War an Anglo-Norwegian raid, Operation Musketoon attacked against then German-held power plant.

</doc>
<doc id="18573646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573646" title="Ali Azari Karki">
Ali Azari Karki

Ali Azari (, born 2 June 1985) is an Iranian football left midfielder of Damash Iranian F.C.. He was a member of Iran national under-23 football team.
Club career.
Club Career statistics.
Last Update 6 June 2010 

</doc>
<doc id="18573664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573664" title="Nur Amalina Che Bakri">
Nur Amalina Che Bakri

Nur Amalina Che Bakri (born December 7, 1987 in Kota Bharu, Kelantan but raised in Johor Bahru) was the student who held the record of most 1As scored in the Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia until 2007. Her record was only broken by Azali Idris who obtained 21As - 20 1As and 1 A2 for his Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia in 2007. She achieved 17 1As - a record for number of 1As achieved by a student in the history of Malaysian education. She was sponsored by Bank Negara Malaysia to study medicine in the United Kingdom, and did her A-levels in Cheltenham Ladies College in the UK. She graduated as a doctor in July 2013. During her time at university she has also gained an intercalated degree in Pharmacology which awarded her as a Bachelor of Medical Sciences. She is currently working as a junior doctor in Cambridge and doing Masters of Philosophy (MPhil) in Translational Medicine and Therapeutics (TMAT) at University of Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="18573669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573669" title="Drummondville Transit">
Drummondville Transit

The Drummondville Transit Commission (la Commission de transport de Drummondville (CTD)) is responsible for public transportation in the city of Drummondville in the Centre-du-Québec region of Quebec, Canada. 
The system consists of five regular bus routes which operate every half-hour on Routes 1, 2, 3 & 4 and once an hour on Route 5, Monday through Wednesday from 7 am to 7 pm and on Thursday and Friday from 7 am to 10 pm. On the weekend the frequency on all routes is hourly and the buses run on Saturday from 8 am to 6 pm and Sunday from noon to 6 pm.
Bus routes.
All routes operate out of the main downtown bus terminal at Des Forges and Lindsay Streets.

</doc>
<doc id="18573674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573674" title="Tatti">
Tatti

Tatti may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18573724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573724" title="Valea lui Roman River (Râul Doamnei)">
Valea lui Roman River (Râul Doamnei)

The Valea lui Roman River is a tributary of the Râul Doamnei in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="18573725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573725" title="Cosmic bomb (phrase)">
Cosmic bomb (phrase)

"Cosmic bomb" was another name for the atomic bomb. It was used for a short period of time in 1945 and 1946. The first New York Times story about the bombing of Hiroshima referred to "this terrible new weapon, which the War Department also calls the 'Cosmic Bomb.'" Another articles noted that "what the Army has called the 'cosmic bomb' was not regarded by those responsible for winning the war against Japan as the factor which, of itself, would give the war its finishing touch", and a headline reported "Secret War Nipped Reich Cosmic Bomb."
Thomas Pynchon uses the phrase several times in his 1973 novel Gravity's Rainbow, which is set roughly in the period during which the term was current.
The term rapidly fell into disuse as applied to weaponry, soon yielding to "atomic bomb" (which, in turn, was eventually to yield to "nuclear weapon.") In equestrian circles, it survived for many years in the racing career of a thoroughbred named "Cosmic Bomb" and in the pedigrees of horses he sired.
More recently, the term has been applied to powerful energy surges from celestial objects known as magnetars.

</doc>
<doc id="18573726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573726" title="National Waste Strategy">
National Waste Strategy

The National Waste Strategy is a policy of the government of the United Kingdom, and in particular the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra), intended to foster a move to sustainability in waste management within Great Britain.
Structure.
The Environment Act 1995 added a requirement to the Environmental Protection Act 1990 requiring the Secretary of State, the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, to prepare a National Waste Strategy for England and Wales and the Scottish Environment Protection Agency, a Strategy for Scotland. The Strategy must include:
The statutory objectives are:
WS2000.
The first version of the Strategy for England was published on 25 May 2000. By 2007 Defra reported that:
WS2007.
The latest version of the Strategy for England was published in 2007. Its main proposals are to:

</doc>
<doc id="18573729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573729" title="Longbox Option Package">
Longbox Option Package

Longbox Option Package is the name of a 2006 retrospective box set by the surreal prank call artist known only as Longmont Potion Castle. It was released in an extremely limited quantity by the independent label D.U. Records, and only occasionally appears for sale on eBay.
The set contains seven audio discs and one DVD. Included are "Volume 1", "Volume 2", "Volume 3", "Volume 4", "Late-Eighties-Vein", "Volume 5" and "Volume 7". Although most of the recordings had been previously released, the majority of them are out of print and difficult to find. "Volume 7", the box set's only disc of new material, is actually composed entirely of grind/metal music that was included on the original cassette pressings of the albums, but had to be cut due to the time restraints of compact discs — the cassette versions were all approximately 90 minutes, whereas compact discs at the time could only hold about 75 minutes. The DVD contains the videos "Live From Longmont Potion Castle", "Return to Longmont Potion Castle" as well as several other clips.
In 2006, the artist behind Longmont Potion Castle claimed that "Longbox Option Package" would be his final release under the moniker. About two years later, an album of entirely new recordings, "Volume 6", was released. Then in 2009, another album of new recordings, "Volume 7", was released. It was also purported to be Longmont's last.
Reviews.
"Longbox Option Package" was named as one of 2006's best releases by San Francisco's Aquarius Records. They also cited it as "Easily the best, funniest, most bizarre series of crank calls ever," and likened his demeanor and humor to that of alternative comic, Steven Wright. The release was also hailed by comedy and music critic, Mark Prindle.
Track listing.
Disc 8: "Bonus DVD".
1. Live From Longmont Potion Castle
2. Return to Longmont Potion Castle
3. "Burn" Video
4. LPC Video Medley
5. Internal Metalude (Live 12/2/05)
6. Implement of Prognosis Demo + LPC Outtakes

</doc>
<doc id="18573746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573746" title="Make the Music with Your Mouth, Biz">
Make the Music with Your Mouth, Biz

Make the Music with Your Mouth, Biz is a compilation album by Biz Markie. It was released in 2006 on Cold Chillin' Records and was produced by Marley Marl.

</doc>
<doc id="18573798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573798" title="Evgeniy Gabrilovich">
Evgeniy Gabrilovich

Evgeniy Gabrilovich is a senior staff research scientist at Google, specializing in Information Retrieval, Machine Learning, and Computational Linguistics, and a Senior Member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). In 2010, he received the Karen Spärck Jones Award from the British Computer Society Information Retrieval Specialist Group.
Career.
In 2002, Gabrilovich published a research paper documenting the possibility of an IDN homograph attack, with fellow researcher Alex Gontmakher.
In 2005, Gabrilovich earned his PhD degree in Computer Science from the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology. In his Ph.D. thesis, he developed a methodology for using large scale repositories of world knowledge, such as Wikipedia, as a basis for improvement of text representations.
On November 6, 2007, Gabrilovich was granted a US patent for a new method for personalizing newsfeeds, via an analysis of information novelty and dynamics. Later that year, Gabrilovich also published, together with Prof. Shaul Markovitch, a series of articles suggesting a possible synergy between Wikipedia and Artificial Intelligence.

</doc>
<doc id="18573808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573808" title="Bora, Punjab">
Bora, Punjab

Bora is a village in the Hoshiarpur district of East Punjab (India).
Location.
Bora is located east of Garshankar. It is situated on the Garhshankar - Sri Anand pur Sahib Road.
History.
In 19th century, between 1800-1820 AD, Shri Mahant Ram, a Digpal Brahmin, came from Garhi Mansowal and purchased or occupied some land. As the time passed people from nearby villages started to come there, and Mahant Ram started selling plots to those people, becoming wealthy in the process. According to the caste norms of the time, Brahmins occupied the center of the developing town, while peasants occupied the East side of the village,and lower castes, the North side of the village.
Etymology.
The village was named for the prevalence of banyan trees ("boharh" in Punjabi) in the area. The banyan trees have since been cut down.
Culture.
Festivals.
Bora celebrates all Hindu and Sikh fesivals, including Diwali, Holi, Gurpurab, and Raksha Bandhan, but Janamastami is the most popular festival in the village and is celebrated with great pomp and show by Hindus and Sikhs. On this day Sri Mahakali temple is decorated and the goddess Mahakali is worshipped with "prasad" prepared by the temple administrators and offered to the goddess.
In the 19th century there was a great confusion among the villagers that on which day Mahakali should be worshipped. The people of the Digpal gotra suggested that this holy ceremony should be done on the day of “Janamashtami”.
Houses of worship.
Bora is home to several temples:
There is also a Sikh gurudwara named Gurudwara Chhevi Patshahi Sri Guru Hargobind Sahib Ji.

</doc>
<doc id="18573814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573814" title="Wild Girl">
Wild Girl

Wild Girl or The Wild Girl(s) may refer to:
Wild Girl:
The Wild Girl(s):
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="18573822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573822" title="Visual Lies">
Visual Lies

Visual Lies was the 3rd album by L.A. metal band Lizzy Borden and the only one to feature future David Lee Roth and Ozzy Osbourne guitarist Joe Holmes, credited as J. Holmes. 
It features their best known song "Me Against The World" for which the band shot a promotional video. The track was also featured in the 1987 heavy-metal horror film, "Black Roses". The movie remains a cult-classic among 80's glam metal fans.
Track listing.
All songs by Lizzy Borden and Gene Allen. 

</doc>
<doc id="18573838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573838" title="New York Studio and Forum of Stage Design">
New York Studio and Forum of Stage Design

The Studio and Forum of Stage Design was a significant training school for theatre designers, that was started by Lester Polakov in Greenwich Village, New York City, in 1958.
Mr. Polakov was born in Chicago in 1916 and studied in New York with George Grosz and at Columbia University. He began his career designing sets in summer stock and in 1939 made his debut in New York City as the scenic designer for The Mother. This was quickly followed in 1940 by designing the costumes for Reunion in New York, as well as assisting scenic designer Harry Horner on Lady in the Dark. After service in World War II, he resumed designing and also painting, with several exhibitions of his paintings as a result.
In 1958, he established the Lester Polakov Studio of Stage Design, later known as the Studio and Forum of Stage Design, where he employed some of the best known designers of sets, lights, and costumes to teach design. In addition to teaching and overseeing the operation of the school, he continued to design sets and costumes for the stage.
In 1993, Polakov published his book, "We Live to Paint Again."
In 1999, Polakov was the recipient of the Distinguished Achievement Award in Scenery presented to him by United States Institute for Theatre Technology's Distinguished Achievement Award in Scenery. His credits include Call Me Mister (1946, scenic design), Crime and Punishment (1947, costume design), The Member of the Wedding (1950, scenic, costume, and lighting design; also replacement stage manager),
He was a scenic designer who, through his years of working in theatre, gathered together a group of like-minded designers to create a teaching environment that was esteemed, though it was not connected to any university or academic institution.
Through this school, and the corresponding work done by union members of United Scenic Artists l.u. 829 (now a part of the I.A.T.S.E), they created and promoted the idea of conceptual based designing.
All the teachers in the school were working professionals, usually Broadway based designer. Their names read like a "Who's Who" of American theatre designers. The list included: Lester Polakov, John Gleason, Tom Skelton and Arden Fingerhut.
The school had courses that included scenic design, scenic painting, still life sketching, costume design and lighting design.
Today, none of the original creators of this school survive.

</doc>
<doc id="18573848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573848" title="Miguel Ventura Terra">
Miguel Ventura Terra

Miguel Ventura Terra (1866–1919) was a Portuguese architect.
Ventura Terra studied in Porto and later in the École de Beaux-Arts of Paris in the "atelier" of Victor Laloux. Upon his return to Portugal, he became a celebrated architect and authored many prize-winning projects.
Most of his work is located in Lisbon like the Politeama Theatre (1912), the Lisbon Synagogue (1902–1904), the Alfredo da Costa Maternity and the renovation of São Bento Palace (early 1900), which houses the Portuguese Parliament. In Lisbon he also built several private mansions and buildings, several of which won the prestigious Valmor Prize, given by the Lisbon Municipality.
In Viana do Castelo he designed the Neo-Byzantine Santa Luzia Church (1903–1940).

</doc>
<doc id="18573849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573849" title="Aja language (Niger–Congo)">
Aja language (Niger–Congo)

The Aja language is a Gbe language of the Niger–Congo language spoken by the Aja people; and it is closely related to other Gbe languages such as Ewe, Mina, Fon, and Phla Phera.
Comparison.
Article 1 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Aja.
Agbetɔwo pleŋu vanɔ gbɛmɛ ko vovoɖeka gbeswɛgbeswɛ, sɔto amɛnyinyi ko acɛwo gomɛ; wo xɔnɔ susunywin ko jimɛnywi so esexwe. Wo ɖo a wɛ nɔvi ɖaɖa wowo nɔnɔwo gbɔ.
Ewe.
Wodzi amegbetɔwo katã ablɔɖeviwoe eye wodzena bubu kple gomekpɔkpɔ sɔsɔe. Susu kple dzitsinya le wo dometɔ ɖesiaɖe si eyata wodze be woanɔ anyi le ɖekawɔwɔ blibo me.
English.
All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood.

</doc>
<doc id="18573869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573869" title="The New York Times Non-Fiction Best Sellers of 2003">
The New York Times Non-Fiction Best Sellers of 2003

This is a list of adult non-fiction books that topped "The New York Times" Non-Fiction Best Seller list in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18573874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573874" title="Someone Else's Deja Vu">
Someone Else's Deja Vu

"Someone Else's Déjà Vu" is the third studio full-length from Omaha, NE's Son, Ambulance. It's the first full release by the band since 2004's "Key".
The album is divided into four parts: A View of Minstrel Town (tracks 1-3), About the Public Square (tracks 4-7), To A Deserted Town (tracks 9-11), and Farewell Pulse (the final two tracks). Track 8, ""and"" (a forty-two second noise track), is not included in the list (though one would assume it to finish About the Public Square).
This is the 120th release from Saddle Creek Records.
Personnel.
Musicians
Production

</doc>
<doc id="18573875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573875" title="Colonel Ebirt">
Colonel Ebirt

Colonel Ebirt was the unofficial school mascot for The College of William & Mary from 2001–2005. A green and gold frog that donned a tri-corner hat, Colonel Ebirt was originally used as a promotional tool for Colonial Williamsburg. It became involved with the College athletics program when someone from the William & Mary gymnastics program volunteered to wear the costume. "Ebirt" is Tribe spelled backwards (also, note that "ebirt" is analogous to the more commonly heard frog call "ribit"), and "Colonel" comes from the school's historical and geographical ties to Williamsburg, Virginia, specifically that of Colonial Williamsburg.
The athletic department decided to "retire" Ebirt upon the conclusion of the 2005–06 school year. On April 6th, 2010, William and Mary announced that their mascot to replace Ebirt was a griffin.
While the common mythology at William & Mary at the time of Ebirt's reign was that it was simply 'an asexual amorphous green blob', the mascot of a green and gold frog was actually chosen to raise awareness of the threatened/endangered status of many of the world's species, while simultaneously highlighting the official school colors.

</doc>
<doc id="18573880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573880" title="Trimac cichlid">
Trimac cichlid

Trimac cichlid, "Cichlasoma trimaculatum", is a three spot cichlid is a rarely found aquarium fish. They are often mistaken for low grade Flowerhorns. 
Appearance.
The Trimac is a large heavy bodied cichlid. It has a green or yellow hue base with the distinct spots on its sides. The male is much larger than the female growing up to 15" he has longer more pointed fins and a large red spot behind his gills. The female is smaller growing up to 9-10" and a less dominant red spot. The male may also grow a nuchal hump when mature.
Distribution.
Trimacs are found in the western lowland rivers and lagoons of Central America, mostly in El Salvador,Honduras,Nicaragua and has been introduced to other Central American countries.
Care.
Trimacs are a very territorial fish and demands a large aquarium and only other large aggressive tank mates. They prefer the water conditions of most other C.A. cichlids, Neutral pH of 7.0, and mid 70°'s to low 80°'s Fahrenheit.
Feeding.
Feeding your Trimac is easy. They accept a wide variety of foods. It is best to not feed your aquarium fish "feeders" because of the risk of disease and infections. Instead vary their diets between foods like krill, blood worms, shrimp, beef heart, and use cichlid pellets/sticks as a staple for your fishes diet. The prepared food you provide for your Trimac Cichlid must be scientifically designed to meet your fish's health requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="18573893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573893" title="John Blair Scribner">
John Blair Scribner

John Blair Scribner (June 4, 1850 - January 21, 1879) was the president of Charles Scribner's Sons from 1871 to 1879.
Biography.
John Blair Scribner was born on June 4, 1850 to Charles Scribner I and Emma Elizabeth Blair (1827-1869). His grandfather and namesake was John Insley Blair. He attended Princeton College, but did not graduate, but instead he came to work at Charles Scribner Company with his father. At the death of his father in 1871, he took over as president of the company.
He married Lucy Ann Skidmore (1853-1931), who created Skidmore College.
Scribner died of pneumonia on January 21, 1879 at the age of 28. Just before he expired, he told his brother, Charles Scribner II: "Cheer up old fellow. You always look on the dark side. I shall soon be all right again." His funeral was held at the Church of the Covenant on January 23, 1879.

</doc>
<doc id="18573898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573898" title="Sra Dhaka">
Sra Dhaka

"This is about a village in Pakistan. For the Capital of Bangladesh, see Dhaka"
Sra Dhaka is a village in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. It is located at 30°28'0N 69°31'60E with an altitude of 1353 meters (4442 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="18573923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573923" title="Jean-Joseph Sue">
Jean-Joseph Sue

Jean-Joseph Sue (1710–1792) was a French surgeon and anatomist. His son, also named Jean-Joseph Sue (1760–1830), was a noted anatomist and the father of novelist Eugene Sue (1804–1857).
Jean-Joseph Sue was a professor at the "Collège Royal de Chirurgie" and the "Académie de peinture et de sculpture". He was the author of numerous treatises on anatomy and surgery, and is credited with the creation of approximately 200 anatomical plates.
In 1750 he published "Anthropotomie ou l'Art de disséquer", which is considered a classic work on androtomy (the art of dissection). Another important book by Sue was "Traité d'Ostéologie", which was a translation of Alexander Munro's treatise "Anatomy of the Bones". This translation is known for its exquisite, masterful engravings.

</doc>
<doc id="18573930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573930" title="List of Deputy Lieutenants of Durham">
List of Deputy Lieutenants of Durham

This is an "incomplete" list of people who have served as Deputy Lieutenant of County Durham:

</doc>
<doc id="18573931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573931" title="Dov Schwartzman">
Dov Schwartzman

Dov Schwartzman (1921 – 7 November 2011), also called Berel Schwartzman, was a Haredi Jewish rabbi and rosh yeshiva (dean) of Bais Hatalmud, which he founded in the Sanhedria Murhevet neighborhood of Jerusalem and led for over 40 years. He also founded and led the Talmudical Yeshiva of Philadelphia together with Rabbi Shmuel Kamenetzky, and co-founded the first yeshiva in Israel for baalei teshuva (returnees to the faith). He taught and influenced tens of thousands of students, many of whom received semicha (rabbinic ordination) from him and went on to lead their own communities. He was renowned as a Talmudic genius and was conversant in all areas of Torah and Kabbalah.
Early life.
Schwartzman was born in Elul 1921 in Nevel, Russia to Rabbi Yehoshua Zev Schwartzman, a graduate of the Slabodka yeshiva. In the 1930s, his family escaped Communist Russia and immigrated to Tel Aviv, where his father served as a Rav. Schwartzman enrolled in Yeshivas Bais Yosef Novardok and learned under Rabbi Yaakov Yisrael Kanievsky, the Steipler Gaon. In 1933, at age 12, he transferred to the Hebron Yeshiva in the Geula neighborhood of Jerusalem, where his "hasmadah" (diligence) was evident and widely admired. During one period, he would study for 40 hours at a time. He would begin learning on Sunday morning at 7:00 a.m. and continue straight through till Monday night, with short breaks for prayers and eating. He would sleep on Tuesday night, and then rise early on Wednesday for another 40-hour stretch. His roommate in the yeshiva, Rabbi Michel Yehuda Lefkowitz, never saw him in the room, since Schwartzman would come in after Lefkowitz was sleeping and leave before he awoke.
Rabbi Aharon Kotler, rosh yeshiva of Beth Medrash Govoha (the Lakewood Yeshiva), chose him as a son-in-law after visiting Israel and witnessing Schwartzman's genius and diligence. In 1946 Schwartzman came to America to marry Rabbi Kotler's daughter and began learning at the Lakewood Yeshiva, where he led "chaburas" (small-group learning sessions).
In the mid-1950s, as part of Lakewood Yeshiva's effort to establish out-of-town yeshivas, Schwartzman and Rabbi Shmuel Kamenetzky were sent to head the new Talmudic Yeshiva of Philadelphia. In 1955 Schwartzman departed to open his yeshiva in Israel and was replaced as rosh yeshiva by Rabbi Elya Svei. From 1961 to 1962 he was a "maggid shiur" (lecturer) at Yeshivas Rabbeinu Chaim Berlin.
Israeli rosh yeshiva.
Schwartzman moved back to Israel in the early 1960s. He established a yeshiva in Ramat HaSharon, and in 1965 founded Yeshiva Maron Tzion in the Bayit Vegan neighborhood of Jerusalem, which evolved into Yeshivat Bais HaTalmud, now located in Sanhedria Murhevet; Bais HaTalmud now includes a "yeshiva ketana", "yeshiva gedola", and kollel. In addition to delivering a daily "blatt" "shiur" (lecture on two pages of Gemara) and a weekly "shiur klali" (lecture to the entire yeshiva), he traveled abroad frequently to raise funds for the yeshiva's upkeep.
His lifelong dedication to Torah study produced a scholar who was completely at home in the breadth and depth of Judaism's holy works. He was fluent in the works of the Maharal and had a thorough mastery of Jewish philosophical works, Hasidic thought, and Kabbalah. His "shiurim" were known for their depth and clarity. In his Gemara "shiurim", he presented the "pshat" (simple understanding of the text) in such a way that it was clear this was indeed the only meaning. He was also known for his Friday-night "shiur" in the yeshiva on "Mizmor Shiur L'Yom HaShabbat", which presented a different explanation each week of Psalm 92. He enlivened his students with his excitement for learning, and also endeared them with his paternal concern for their needs and his pleasant and humble personality.
Schwartzman was one of the fathers of the Israeli "baal teshuva" movement. In the early 1970s, he co-founded the first yeshiva for "baalei teshuva", Shema Yisrael, with Rabbi Mendel Weinbach, Rabbi Nota Schiller, and Rabbi Noach Weinberg. After this yeshiva evolved into Ohr Somayach yeshiva, Schwartzman continued on as a rosh yeshiva, delivering "shiurim" and guiding the staff in establishing policies for the new and untested field of "baal teshuva" education.
Final years.
Schwartzman's health worsened in his last years, forcing him to give up his duties as rosh yeshiva of Beis HaTalmud. He died on 7 November 2011 (10 Cheshvan 5772) and was buried on the Mount of Olives.
Family.
With his first wife, Schwartzman had three sons and three daughters. With his second wife, Yehudis Moller, daughter of Rabbi Meir Moller of Paris, he had another son and five daughters. His sons and sons-in-law are Torah scholars and educators in Israel and America. His eldest, Rabbi Yaakov Eliezer Schwartzman, who is also the eldest grandson of Rabbi Kotler, is the rosh yeshiva of Lakewood East in Jerusalem. His second son, Rabbi Zevulun Schwartzman, heads the kollel in the Etz Chaim Yeshiva in Jerusalem, and his third son, Rabbi Isser Zalman Schwartzman, is a "maggid shiur" at Yeshivas Hadera in Modiin Ilit. Two of his sons-in-law, Rabbi Yeruchem Olshin and Rabbi Yisroel Neuman, are roshei yeshiva at the Lakewood Yeshiva in America.

</doc>
<doc id="18573944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573944" title="Mall at Barnes Crossing">
Mall at Barnes Crossing

Mall at Barnes Crossing is a super regional shopping mall located northeast of downtown Tupelo, Mississippi. It is managed and partially owned by David Hocker & Associates and is home to over 90 specialty shops, 5 anchor store tenants, an 8-screen Cinemark movie theater, and a 600-seat food court. Anchor stores include two Belk locations, as well as JCPenney, Sears, Barnes & Noble, and Dick's Sporting Goods.
History.
Mall at Barnes Crossing opened March 7, 1990 as the third mall in the Tupelo area. Original anchor stores included Kmart, Belk, and McRae's, along with JCPenney and Sears. Kmart closed in 1996 and was sold to McRae's, which moved its men's clothing and home goods into the former Kmart while retaining women's clothing, children's apparel, and cosmetics at the existing store. Belk later closed and became Parisian, but returned to the mall in 2005 when it acquired both McRae's locations.
Belk also acquired the Parisian chain in 2007, and as a result, the former Parisian at the mall was then closed and became Dick's Sporting Goods in 2008. In 2008, Barnes and Noble opened and added an additional 10,000 sq/ft to the mall making the official size 821,000 sq/ft. Joining them in an updated lifestyle center look were, Coldwater Creek and Jos. A. Bank. The southwest entrance also has been remodeled and it the home of ULTA Beauty and D'Casa Mexican Restaurant. In 2013, CHICO's and Francesca Collection has opened.
Periphery.
David Hocker & Associates also manages an outdoor strip shopping center called Market Center to the east of the mall, between two major entrances. The center consists of anchors Old Navy and Shoe Carnival. Another outdoor strip shopping center called Barnes Crossing Plaza lies north of the mall, including anchors Toys "R" Us, OfficeMax, TJMaxx, and Hobby Lobby.

</doc>
<doc id="18573972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573972" title="Camp Ramah in Canada">
Camp Ramah in Canada

Camp Ramah in Canada,( "Machaneh Ramah") is a Jewish summer camp located in the community of Utterson in the town of Huntsville, Ontario, Canada.
The Max and Beatrice Wolfe Campus is located on Skeleton Lake, a two and a half hour drive from Toronto. Part of the National Ramah Commission, Ramah camps in the United States, Canada, and Israel are all religious camps governed by the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism.
In 2009, Camp Ramah in Canada was attended by 450 Jewish youngsters, many of them from the United States.
Activities.
Judaica.
For younger campers, each day includes a ""Tarbut Yisrael"" "perek" with staff members from Israel (""mishlachat""). Also important is "yahadut," where campers explore Judaism from different angles in many courses offered by the camp. Israeli culture is also learned in "shira" (song) and "rikud" (dance).
"Agam".
Waterfront activities take place at the "agam," Ramah's section of Skeleton Lake. Daily, campers take swimming lessons designed to meet the requirements for swimming and lifeguarding skills. Campers who take the Bronze Medallion or Bronze Cross courses take an exam at the end of their session in order to achieve certification, which can be used to apply for many lifeguarding positions. The other part of the "agam perek" is boating, where campers sail, canoe, kayak, and water-ski or wake-board on Skeleton Lake. There are levels to achieve in each area by completing skill and knowledge tasks. On Shabbat, campers can partake in the free swim. Other "agam" activities include point swims, water trampolining, a sailing trip, and excursions to a waterfall.
"Chug".
A "perek" of every day is devoted to "chugim," which are 2-week electives in the arts and hobbies field. Choices have included woodworking, ceramics, arts and crafts, beading, photography, hip hop dance, rock climbing, zumba, cooking, newspaper, and radio, but the choices change every year, and even during camp, depending on what talents the staff bring to the table. More eccentric choices of the past have been cartooning, mad science, nature survival, and rhythmic gymnastics.
Sports.
Campers play sports during this "perek", but any time is game time, whether with one's cabin, the "edah," or the more intense staff leagues. Some of the main sports played are basketball, volleyball, tennis, soccer, ultimate frisbee, floor hockey, and baseball. Some other games that have popped up over the years include dodgeball, "ga-ga," cricket, croquet, golf, handball, and aerobics.
Yom Sport.
Yom sport is the Camp Ramah in Canada version of colour war. Each of the four teams has 2 Alonim captains (1 boy and 1 girl) who must try out and are voted on by their "edah". There is 1 boy "rosh" and 1 girl "rosh" who also try out and are voted on by their "edah", and 2 boy judges and 2 girls judges who must write an essay to be chosen by the "edah" staff. The judges are the only ones who know how Yom Sport is judged, and they are sworn to secrecy. Yom Sport opens with the Alonimers announcing that Yom Sport is occurring that evening with a breakout, designed to get the entire camp's attention. This is usually carried out at mealtime, as everyone is together in the "chadar ochel". Later in the day, the campers aside from Alonim are given the two colors of their team, which is the only information they will receive until opening ceremonies. When everyone is dressed in layers of their respective two colors, everyone gathers in front of the Beit Am Gadol for a first show of "ruach", or spirit. Soon everyone enters the lavishly decorated Beit Am Gadol, and witnesses opening ceremonies, created by the Alonimers. This introduces the storyline, the villains, the roshes, the judges, and the captains. After this, everyone separates into team meetings led by the captains, and the judges and "roshes" wander from meeting to meeting to explain the rules of Yom Sport. On the actual day of Yom Sport, "edot" cycle around to each of the stations where they compete to score points for their team. The stations are sport, track and field, crazy games, "agam", and special project (or Peulat-X), with one free "perek" during the day. The competition part of the day concludes with marathon, a grueling race which includes almost the entire team performing tasks such as canoe portaging, eating, hair-braiding, human-pyramid-building and running. Each team has several cheers, and throughout all of Yom Sport, everyone cheers as loud as they can. Alonim celebrates their success of the day by showing off their, ruach while the rest of the camp must endure silent dinner, where losing points is a penalty for talking. Finally, at closing ceremonies, a dramatic battle between the captains and the villains ends in the implication (but never an explicit announcement) of the winner.

</doc>
<doc id="18573990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573990" title="Los Angeles Limited">
Los Angeles Limited

The Los Angeles Limited was a named passenger train in the United States. It was operated by the Union Pacific Railroad from 1905 to 1954.
History.
Beginning in 1905 the "Los Angeles Limited" was the flagship train of the Union Pacific between Chicago and Los Angeles. (From Chicago to Omaha the train was handled by the Chicago and North Western Railway). Union Pacific, which owned the train, completed the trip via Cheyenne, Ogden, Salt Lake City, Las Vegas and San Bernardino.
In early years the schedule was 68-74 hours; in November 1926 the schedule dropped to 63 hours each way to justify a $10 extra charge (which ended in June 1929).
Equipment.
Until 1948 the cars had a black roof, dark Pullman-green body with yellow lettering, and black trucks. In 1948 the Union Pacific painted all of its heavyweight fleet in the yellow and light grey scheme to match their streamliner trains, so the heavyweight cars of the "Los Angeles Limited" became yellow between 1948 and 1954. Only some headend equipment could be sometimes found in the two-tone grey "Overland" scheme.
In the beginning the cars of the train were wood; after 1912 steel heavyweight cars started to replace the wooden cars. Until 1936 the "Los Angeles Limited" was the top train of the Union Pacific as a rival to other Chicago to Los Angeles trains such as Santa Fe's "California Limited", De Luxe, "Chief", and the Southern Pacific's Rock Island "Golden State Limited".
In 1930 the train started carrying coaches for the first time because of the Great Depression. After the more economical secondary train Challenger was introduced in 1935, the train regained its all-Pullman status and once again became a very fine train; in 1936 it was the first Union Pacific heavyweight train to receive air conditioning. But in 1936 the Los Angeles Limited lost its prestigious premier status to the new City of Los Angeles streamliner, which became the new Union Pacific flagship train. The Los Angeles Limited became the secondary Chicago-to-Los Angeles train, but was the only Union Pacific all-Pullman train on that route (the City of Los Angeles streamliner always carried some coaches). After the City of Los Angeles went daily in 1947 the train resumed handling coaches, this time forever. In 1948 lightweight streamliner cars with four-wheel trucks began appearing, usually not more than five.
Ridership decline.
In the 1950s ridership on the Los Angeles Limited declined rapidly. Sleeping car passengers could enjoy more modern streamlined sleeping cars on a faster schedule on the City of Los Angeles, which took 39-3/4 hours Chicago to LA while the Los Angeles Limited needed 45 hours. In January 1954 the once-proud flagship was replaced by a new Challenger with lightweight coaches and sleepers on a fast schedule.
Pulling power.
In the early years the train was pulled by 4-6-2 Pacific types, while in the 1920s and 1930s the 4-8-2 Mountain type was the usual engine. In the last years 4-8-4 Northern types pulled the train east of Ogden while diesels were used west of there. Even the 4-10-2 Overland type steam locomotives appeared on occasion, especially between Salt Lake City and San Bernardino. On the Chicago & North Western 4-6-2 Pacific, 4-6-4 Hudson and 4-8-4 Northern types pulled the train.

</doc>
<doc id="18573993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573993" title="English Hexapla">
English Hexapla

The English Hexapla is an edition of the New Testament in Greek, along with what were considered the six most important English language translations in parallel columns underneath, preceded by a detailed history of English translations and translators by S. P. Tregelles. 
The six English language translations provided are Wiclif's (1380), William Tyndale's (1534), Cranmer's (the Great Bible 1539), the Geneva Bible (1557), Rheims (1582), and the Authorised, or King James Bible, (1611), arranged in columns underneath. 
The term "hexapla" signifies ""six-fold"" or ""six-columned"", and describes the arrangement of the six English versions underneath the Greek text in the book. The term "hexapla" is also applied to Origen's 3rd century edition of the Old Testament, which present six versions of the old testament, in Hebrew, Hebrew in Greek letters, Aquila of Sinope's Greek version, Symmachus the Ebionite's version, the LXX or Septuagint, and Theodotion's version. 
The English Hexapla was published in 1841 by Samuel Bagster and Sons, of Paternoster Row, London, who are described on the title page as being a "warehouse for Bibles, New Testaments, Prayer-books, Lexicons, Grammars, Concordances, and Psalters, in ancient and modern languages."
Greek text.
The Greek text used is that of Dr. M. A. Scholz, compiled between 1830 and 1836, but is itself based largely on the work of Griesbach, who published several editions of the Greek New Testament between 1775 and 1805.
Translation texts.
The edition of Wiclif's translation is based on a manuscript belonging to the then late Duke of Sussex.
The edition of William Tyndale's translation is one revised and published by Tyndale himself in 1534, provided by the Baptist College in Bristol.
Cranmer's Bible is actually the Great Bible, with a preface written by Cranmer for the second edition in 1540. The version in the English Hexapla is reprinted from a first edition of the Great Bible published in 1539, also provided by the Baptist College in Bristol.
The Geneva New Testament is reprinted from a first edition published in 1557.
The Rheims edition, also referred to as the "Anglo-Rhemish" translation, is reprinted from the original edition of 1582. This is a Roman Catholic translation from the Vulgate, first published by the English College at Rheims in that year.
The Authorised version used is from a black letter (or gothic script) copy from the year 1611, provided by the Reverend John Henry Montagu Luxmoore. The Authorised version underwent some revision in 1762 and 1769, with current Authorised versions being the 1769 Oxford University edition virtually unchanged. Accordingly, the text of the Authorised version in the English Hexapla will show some changes in spelling, punctuation and typesetting, with a very few changes of words, over the "modern" editions of the Authorised versions now available.

</doc>
<doc id="18573997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573997" title="Prospectivity mapping">
Prospectivity mapping

Prospectivity mapping, also known as mineral prospectivity mapping or mineral potential mapping, defines a process used to make better use of mineral exploration data. Geological and geophysical datasets, such as lithological, structural and topographical maps, aeromagnetic, gravity and radiometric imagery are the typical datasets used in the construction of prospectivity maps.
There are two main approaches to prospectivity mapping: data-driven and knowledge-driven.
In areas with significant known mineralisation, a data-driven approach can be adopted in which known deposits are analysed in relation to the surrounding geology. A number of parametric and non-parametric statistical tests can be used to determine if identified spatial relationships are considered statistically significant. Important relationships are then spatially quantified over the entire region of interest. Ultimately multiple quantified relationships are combined, typically using a geographic information system (GIS) into a single prospectivity map.
In areas with little known mineralisation, a knowledge-driven approach can be implemented in which a mineral-systems approach is used in which theories about the formation of the deposit are identified, spatially quantified and then combined using a GIS.
Prospectivity mapping can be constructed using a mix of data-driven and knowledge-driven components and these are often referred to as hybrid prospectivity maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18573999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18573999" title="Belarusian State University of Culture and Arts">
Belarusian State University of Culture and Arts

Belarusian State University of Culture and Arts (Belarusian: Беларускі дзяржаўны універсітэт культуры і мастацтваў Russian: Белорусский государственный университет культуры и искусств) is a state-owned institution of higher education in Minsk, Belarus.
It was established in 1975 as the Belarusian Institute of Culture and reestablished as a university in 1993 and renamed into the "University of Culture and Arts" in 2004. A Minsk Metro station "Institute of Culture" is named after it.

</doc>
<doc id="18574020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574020" title="Incorporated (Legion of Doom album)">
Incorporated (Legion of Doom album)

Incorporated is a mashup album made by the mashup band The Legion of Doom.
History.
The album was recorded in 2005. Initially, the band released the songs "I Know What You Buried Last Summer", "Dottie in a Car Crash" and "The Quiet Screaming" on their website for free download. After several delays due to several bands not wanting their music released in mashup form, the group leaked the album online through several P2P networks. On February 6, 2007 it was announced that the album would be released in physical format through Illegal Art. The CD was released on March 6 of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18574029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574029" title="Lakewood East">
Lakewood East

Lakewood East, officially Beth Medrash Govoha of America in Eretz Yisroel (בית מדרש גבוה דאמריקא בארץ ישראל), is a yeshiva in Jerusalem headed by Rabbi Yaakov Eliezer Schwartzman, son of Rabbi Dov Schwartzman and the eldest grandson of Rabbi Aharon Kotler, founder of the Lakewood Yeshiva. It is officially a branch of the American yeshiva.
The yeshiva began in the Unsdorf neighborhood of Jerusalem. In 2004, it moved to its present location in Ramot. It is composed of a senior beit medrash for post-graduate-level yeshiva students, along with a kollel.
Rabbi Shlomo Wolbe, father-in-law of Rabbi Schwartzman, was the mashgiach ruchani of Lakewood East until his death in April 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18574067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574067" title="Josh Coffman">
Josh Coffman

Josh Coffman is an American photographer from Long Beach, California who worked most notably with the US rock/reggae/ska groups Sublime, Long Beach Dub Allstars, The Ziggens, Jack Maness, Allday, Juice Bros. and Sacramento based Filibuster. His body of work also includes a large collection of fine art nude images.
Josh Coffman first started photographing Sublime after meeting Michael Happoldt (co-founder of the Skunk Records record label) and Sublime's producer and manager. Coffman was invited to shoot the band at a KROQ-FM promoted show at The Troubadour and the subsequent "Date Rape" video shoot at Fern's Bar the next day in downtown Long Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="18574077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574077" title="Lucy Skidmore Scribner">
Lucy Skidmore Scribner

Lucy Skidmore Scribner (July 4, 1853 - May 2, 1931) was the founder of Skidmore College.
Biography.
She was born in on July 4, 1853 to Joseph Russell Skidmore (1821–1882), a coal merchant, and Lucy Ann Hawley (1821–1853). Lucy’s grandparents were Jeremiah and Judith Ludlam Skidmore and Irad and Sarah Holmes Hawley. In 1875 she married John Blair Scribner. The couple resided at 21 East 48th Street in New York for their marriage. In 1879, after just 4 years of marriage, Lucy was widowed when her husband died of pneumonia.
In 1903, she created "The Young Women's Industrial Club", and in 1911, the club was renamed the "Skidmore School of Arts" and chartered as a college to vocationally and professionally train young women. In 1922, the school became a four-year, degree-granting institution for women and was renamed "Skidmore College." In 1971, Skidmore College became co-educational. Lucy Skidmore Scribner died on May 2, 1931. and is buried in Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx near her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="18574089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574089" title="Düsseldorf Open">
Düsseldorf Open

The Düsseldorf Open was a women's professional tennis tournament held for one year, in 1973, in Düsseldorf, West Germany (now Germany). Its one year on the WTA Tour saw a home player, Helga Masthoff, triumphing in the women's singles, whilst she and Heide Orth reached a women's doubles final that was never played.

</doc>
<doc id="18574097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574097" title="Igbo art">
Igbo art

Igbo art () is any body of visual art originating from the Igbo people. The Igbo produce a wide variety of art including traditional figures, masks, artifacts and textiles, plus works in metals such as bronze. Artworks form the Igbo have been found from as early as 9th century with the bronze artifacts found at Igbo Ukwu.
Masks.
Eze Nwanyi.
Otherwise known as the Queen of Women, this mask represents a wealthy, senior wife and grandmother who commands enormous respect in the village. She embodies the ultimate feminine ideals of strength, wisdom, beauty, stature and dignity, and is a leader among women. 
This mask is worn in performances that occur at funerals and ceremonies that purify the village and other communal places.
Agbogho mmuo.
Agbogho mmuo, or Maiden Spirit masquerades perform annually during the dry season in the Nri-Awka area of northern Igboland. At these performances men dance as adolescent girls, miming and exaggerating the girls' beauty and comportment. The performance is also accompanied by musicians who sing tributes to both real and spirit maidens. The following are examples of quotes that may be heard during a performance :
Mmanwu si n’igwe: The masked spirit from the sky
Udemu na lenu: My fame is potent
These masks showcase an ideal image of an Igbo maiden. This ideal is made up by the smallness of a young girl’s features and the whiteness of her complexion, which is an indication that the mask is a spirit. This whiteness is created using a chalk substance used for ritually marking the body in both West Africa and the African Diaspora. The chalky substance is also used in uli design, created and exhibited on the skin of Igbo women. Some maiden spirit masks have elaborate coiffeurs, embellished with representations of hair combs, and other objects, modeled after late 19th century ceremonial hairstyles.
Igbo Ukwu (Bronzes).
Alice Apley says: "It is possible that the inhabitants of Igbo Ukwu had a metalworking art that flourished as early as the ninth century." (though this date remains controversial). Three sites have been excavated, revealing hundreds of ritual vessels and regalia castings of bronze or leaded bronze that are among the most inventive and technically accomplished bronzes ever made. The people of Igbo-Ukwu, ancestors of present-day Igbo, were the earliest smithers of copper and its alloys in West Africa, working the metal through hammering, bending, twisting, and incising. They are likely among the earliest groups of West Africans to employ the lost-wax casting techniques in the production of bronze sculptures. Oddly, evidence suggests that their metalworking repertory was limited and Igbo smiths were not familiar with techniques such as raising, soldering, riveting, and wire making, though these techniques were used elsewhere on the continent.
Uli.
Uli is the name given to the traditional designs drawn by the Igbo people of Nigeria.
"Uli" drawings are strongly linear and lack perspective; they do, however, balance positive and negative space. Designs are frequently asymmetrical, and are often painted spontaneously. "Uli" generally is not sacred, apart from those images painted on the walls of shrines and created in conjunction with some community rituals.
The drawing of "uli" was once practiced throughout most of Igboland, although by 1970 it had lost much of its popularity, and was being kept alive by a handful of contemporary artists. It was usually practiced by women, who would decorate each other's bodies with dark dyes to prepare for village events, such as marriage, title taking, and funerals; designs would sometimes be produced for the most important market days as well. Designs would last about a week.
Carved doors.
Gordon Campbell says

</doc>
<doc id="18574115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574115" title="Babadzhan">
Babadzhan

Babadzhan is a village in the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18574121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574121" title="Shutendoji (manga)">
Shutendoji (manga)

, also written Shutendouji or Shuten Doji and also known as Legend of Shutendoji, is a science fantasy Japanese manga series created by Go Nagai which combines elements from Japanese folklore with science fiction. An OVA series was released beginning in 1989 and ending in 1991, for a total of 4 episodes.
In 2002, a remake/sequel titled started being published in the magazine Champion Red, being one of the series that were released in the first issue of the magazine.
Original manga publication.
Prototype.
Before starting serialization, Nagai created a 57-page oneshot titled "Shutendoji", published in the issue of in the Shōjo magazine "Princess", published by "Akita Shoten". While this manga has some similarities, it is a completely different story, as well as being a Shōjo manga instead of Shōnen. It would later be renamed as "Jashin Senki" (邪神戦記) or "Princess Han Shutendoji" (プリンセス版手天童子).
Original serialization.
"Shutendoji" started being published as a serialized series from to in the magazine "Weekly Shōnen Magazine" by Kodansha.
The manga was originally compiled in 9 volumes, and would later be re-published several times.
Besides the printed volumes, the manga has also been published in 10 ebook format volumes by ebookjapan. The series has also been published in some compilations of other Nagai's manga.
Publications outside of Japan.
d/visual published the full series in Italy from 2004 to 2005.
Novels.
Two series of novels based on the manga were released during the 1980s. The first one was written by Yasutaka Nagai and was released in 6 volumes from 1986 to 1989 by Kadokawa Shoten.
The second one was written by Fusamichi Kitamura and published in two volumes published in 1987 by JICC under the label "Adventure Novels".
OVAs.
The manga was adapted into 4 OVAs released from 1989 to 1991. The OVAs were originally released on VHS and later on laserdisc, both times by Nippon Columbia.
They were re-released in DVD format also by Columbia in 2001.
Releases outside of Japan.
The OVAs were released in the US by ADV Films in VHS (4 tapes) and later on DVD (2 discs).
They were also released in Italy by Granata Press and in Latin America on TV by Locomotion.
Staff and production notes.
Source(s)
Video game.
Along with the OVAs, a Role-playing game for the NEC PC-9801 was released by the Japanese company Enix in .

</doc>
<doc id="18574153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574153" title="KTGA">
KTGA

KTGA (99.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Saratoga, Wyoming, USA. The station is owned by Toga Radio LLC and carries a classic rock format.

</doc>
<doc id="18574154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574154" title="Football Tonight">
Football Tonight

Football Tonight is a sports radio program that began airing on ESPN Radio July 21, 2008, and is run each weeknight from 7- 8 pm and 10pm to 1am on Saturday evenings during football season. The one-hour show is hosted by Freddie Coleman and Jon Siebel on a rotating basis and discusses what happened in football that day. The format is similar to what is done on ESPN's NFL Live weekdays. Marc Kestacher provides the ESPN Radio SportsCenter updates every 20 minutes during the early show with Neil Jackson providing the updates on the late run.
Early shows discussed what Favre needs to do to become reinstated into the league, what contracts are being negotiated, and what stars might not even make it to training camp. Calls from the general public don't typically take place on Football Tonight. Instead, other ESPN personalities like Trey Wingo, John Clayton, Jeremy Green, and Mike Golic are brought on to provide analysis of the holdouts, contracts, and each weeks preparation, many doing double duty for Football Tonight and NFL Live on the same day. Questions that fans may want answered are encouraged to be sent to the show at footballtonight@espnradio.com. 
The show, along with SportsCenter Nightly, replaced the weeknight showing of GameNight. The early show is followed by The Pulse, and the late night show is followed by SportsCenter Nightly.

</doc>
<doc id="18574161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574161" title="Takako Konishi">
Takako Konishi

Takako Konishi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18574190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574190" title="2006 Finals Series">
2006 Finals Series

2006 Finals Series can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18574241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574241" title="Motherwell by-election, 1945">
Motherwell by-election, 1945

The Motherwell by-election was held on 12 April 1945, following the death of Labour Party Member of Parliament (MP) for Motherwell James Walker.
The by-election took place during the Second World War during unusual political conditions. No general election had been held since 1935, at which James Walker narrowly gained the seat for Labour from the Unionist Party.
There was a truce between the major parties: Labour, the Conservative Party, Liberal Party and the National Liberal Party. The Communist Party of Great Britain, which had held Motherwell in the past, also undertook to abide by the truce. As a result, the only opposition in by-election came from independents, minor parties and occasional unofficial party candidates aligned with major parties.
For the by-election, the Labour Party stood Alexander Anderson. His only opposition came from the Scottish National Party (SNP), then a small party advocating Scottish independence, who stood Party Secretary Robert McIntyre.
Results.
The election was won by McIntyre, who became the first SNP Member of Parliament. However, Anderson won the seat from McIntyre at the 1945 UK general election a few months later. 

</doc>
<doc id="18574246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574246" title="Buntingford railway station">
Buntingford railway station

Buntingford railway station is a former station in Buntingford, Hertfordshire that served as the terminus of a branch from the Hertford East Branch Line. It was first opened in 1863 and closed to passengers just over a century later in 1964. It was served by direct trains from London Liverpool Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18574249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574249" title="Juraj Ratkaj">
Juraj Ratkaj

Juraj Ratkaj (also known as Juraj Rattkay, born in Veliki Tabor, Croatia on December 22, 1612 — Zagreb, Croatia, on September 1, 1666) was a Croatian historian. Born in the Ratkaj noble family, barons of Veliki Tabor, he was a member of the Society of Jesus. Later on he became a priest and the canon of Zagreb. He took part in the Thirty Years' War in 1647 and fought the Ottomans as well. His best known work is "Memoria regum et banorum regnorum Dalmatiae, Croatiae et Sclavoniae".

</doc>
<doc id="18574297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574297" title="Nikola Poplašen">
Nikola Poplašen

Nikola Poplašen (Никола Поплашен) (born 1951 in Sombor) is a former Bosnian Serb politician and Chetnik Voivode. He was the president of Republika Srpska for 6 months from 1998 through 1999. He is also a member of the Senate of Republika Srpska. 

</doc>
<doc id="18574299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574299" title="Shlomo Lorincz">
Shlomo Lorincz

Rabbi Shlomo Lorincz (, born 5 March 1918, died 19 October 2009) was a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Agudat Yisrael from 1951 until 1984, and a close confident of many gedolim.
Biography.
Born in Budapest, Lorincz made aliyah to Mandatory Palestine in 1939, and was involved in illegal immigration of Jews from Hungary. In his youth, he was involved in the radical underground organisation Brit HaKanaim, which sought to establish a Halakhic state in Israel by imposing Jewish religious law in the country. In 1949 he was amongst the founders of moshav Komemiyut, and later helped found two youth villages, Sde Hemed (now a moshav) and Hazon Yehezkel (now named Aluma). In 1956 he helped found the Housing and Development company of Agudat Yisrael.
He was first elected to the Knesset in 1951 on the Agudat Yisrael list. He was re-elected in 1955 as part of the Religious Torah Front list (an alliance of Agudat Yisrael and Poalei Agudat Yisrael). He was re-elected again in 1959, 1961, 1965, 1969, 1973, 1977 and 1981. Between 1974 and 1984 he chaired the Finance Committee. Much Israeli paper currency bears his signature.
As a young man, Rabbi Lorincz became a close confidant to some of the generation's most prominent Torah personalities, including the Chazon Ish, Rav Shach and the Brisker Rov. He later compiled memoirs of these times in his book, B’Mechitzasam.

</doc>
<doc id="18574305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574305" title="Plăișoru River">
Plăișoru River

The Plăișoru River is a tributary of the Cernatu River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="18574309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574309" title="Symphony No. 15 (Mozart)">
Symphony No. 15 (Mozart)

The Symphony No. 15 in G major, K. 124 by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, was written in Salzburg during the first weeks of 1772. A note on the autograph manuscript indicates that it might have been written for a religious occasion, possibly in honour of the new Archbishop of Salzburg. The work is in four movements, the first of which has been described as innovative and "daring", in view of its variations of tempo. The last movement is characterised by good humour and frivolity, with "enough ending jokes to bring the house down".
Movements and instrumentation.
The instrumentation was: strings, two oboes, two horns, bassoon, continuo.
\relative c" {
</score>
Performance details.
There are no details available as to when the initial performance took place.

</doc>
<doc id="18574319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574319" title="Peter Yurdansky">
Peter Yurdansky

Peter Konstantinovich Yurdansky (Yurdanski, Yordansky, Jordansky) (1891–1937) was a Russian chess master.
He won Moscow City Chess Championship in 1913 and tied for 8-9th at Moscow 1913, shared 2nd at Mannheim 1914 tournament (the 19th DSB Congress, "Hauptturnier B"), took 2nd at Moscow 1915, took 3rd at Moscow 1916, tied for 7-8th at Moscow 1924, and took 10th at Moscow 1925.
His name is attached with the Yurdansky Attack in the Two Knights Defense (ECO: C56) 13.b4.

</doc>
<doc id="18574336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574336" title="The New York Times Non-Fiction Best Sellers of 2002">
The New York Times Non-Fiction Best Sellers of 2002

This is a list of adult non-fiction books that topped "The New York Times" Non-Fiction Best Seller list in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18574348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574348" title="Vale, North Carolina">
Vale, North Carolina

Vale, North Carolina may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18574354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574354" title="Blood allergy test">
Blood allergy test

Blood allergy test may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18574376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574376" title="Valea Maliței River">
Valea Maliței River

The Valea Maliței River is a tributary of the Cernatu River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="18574401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574401" title="Vale, Avery County, North Carolina">
Vale, Avery County, North Carolina

Vale is a Unincorporated community in Avery County, North Carolina, United States. It is located northwest of Newland on Old Toe River Road.
History.
From 1904 to 1940, Vale was a flag stop along the East Tennessee and Western North Carolina Railroad; between Minneapolis and Newland. "Old Toe River Road" now resides on what was the old railway path.

</doc>
<doc id="18574407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574407" title="Gruişoru River">
Gruişoru River

The Gruișoru River is a tributary of the Cernatu River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="18574410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574410" title="Arden Shakespeare">
Arden Shakespeare

The Arden Shakespeare is a long-running series of scholarly editions of the works of William Shakespeare. It presents fully edited modern-spelling editions of the plays and poems, with lengthy introductions and full commentaries. There have been three distinct series of the Arden Shakespeare over the past century, and the third series has not yet been completed. Arden was the maiden name of Shakespeare's mother, Mary, however the primary reference of the enterprise's title is named after the Forest of Arden, in which Shakespeare's "As You Like It" is set.
First Series.
The first series was published by Methuen. Its first publication was Edward Dowden's edition of "Hamlet", published in 1899. Over the next 25 years, the entire canon of Shakespeare was edited and published. The original editor of the Arden Shakespeare was William James Craig (1899-1906), succeeded by R. H. Case (1909-1944). The text of the Arden Shakespeare, First series, was based on the 1864 "Globe" or Cambridge edition of Shakespeare's Complete Works, edited by William George Clark and John Glover, as revised in 1891-93.
Second Series.
The second series began in 1946, with a new group of editors freshly re-editing the plays, and was completed in the 1980s. It was published by Methuen in both hardback and paperback. Later issues of the paperbacks featured cover art by the Brotherhood of Ruralists. The Second Series was edited by Una Ellis-Fermor (1946–58); Harold F. Brooks (1952–82), Harold Jenkins (1958–82) and Brian Morris (1975–82). Unlike the First Series, where each volume was based on the same textual source (The Globe Shakespeare), the individual editors of each volume of the Second Series were responsible for editing the text of the play in that edition.
Third Series.
The third series began in the 1990s. The first editions were initially published by Routledge, then by Thomson, and then by Cengage Learning. In December 2008, the series returned to Methuen, becoming part of Methuen Drama, a subsidiary of A & C Black. From February 2013, the titles have appeared under the Bloomsbury imprint. The general editors are Richard Proudfoot, Ann Thompson, David Scott Kastan, and Henry Woudhuysen. In 2010 an edition of "Double Falsehood" was published, which was somewhat controversial since this play is generally regarded as non-canonical. Subsequently, "Sir Thomas More", a play for which Shakespeare likely contributed only one scene, was published as part of the series.
The Third Series edition of "Hamlet", edited by Ann Thompson and Neil Taylor, presents the play in two volumes. The first volume, released in 2006, contains an edited text of the Second Quarto (1604–05), with passages found only in the First Folio included in an appendix, while the second volume, released a year later, contains the text of the First Quarto (sometimes called the "bad" quarto) of 1603 and the First Folio of 1623
As of February 2013, eight canonical plays remain unpublished:
Arden Early Modern Drama.
In 2009, the Arden Shakespeare began a new series entitled Arden Early Modern Drama. The series follows the formatting and scholarly style of the Arden Shakespeare Third Series, but shifts the focus onto less well-known playwrights from the English Renaissance, primarily the Elizabethan, Jacobean and Caroline periods (although the plays "Everyman" and "Mankind" hail from the reign of King Henry VII.
As of January 2014, the series comprises:
Editions of "The Jew of Malta", "Doctor Faustus", "A Woman Killed with Kindness" and "The White Devil" have also been confirmed.
Complete Works.
Arden has also published a "Complete Works" of Shakespeare, which reprints editions from the second and third series.

</doc>
<doc id="18574411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574411" title="Nemanja Vuković">
Nemanja Vuković

Nemanja Vuković (Cyrillic: Heмaњa Bукoвић, born 13 April 1984) is a Montenegrin footballer. He previously played for FK Budućnost Podgorica and Greek Beta Ethniki side Panetolikos.
His first appearance with the Columbus Crew was on 14 April 2012 entering the Philadelphia Union game as a substitute in the 73rd minute.

</doc>
<doc id="18574443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574443" title="Sindhi Shaikh">
Sindhi Shaikh

Sheikh (Arabic and ), is an Arabic word meaning elder of a tribe, lord, revered old man, or Islamic scholar. The Shaikh of Sindh are one of the larger communities of the Sindhi Muslims ethnic group. They speak the various dialects of Sindhi, depending on their place of residence. The Shaikh are largely urban community, residing in the towns and cities of Sindh. Shaikhs have different community in them, namely sanjogi, nangani, deewan and chatani.
Origin.
In South Asia, it is used as an ethnic title generally attributed to Muslim trading families descended from the higher castes and are generally very rich and powerful in the local administration and economy. Shaikh families are descended from Muslim technocrats, bureaucrats, soldiers, traders, scientists, architects, teachers, theologians and Sufis who travelled from the rest of the Muslim world to the Islamic Sultanate in South Asia and settled permanently. In Sindh, the families of the Makhdums of Hala are Siddiqui Shaikhs, who arrived from Central Asia. The shaikhs who migrated from the Arab lands as Sufis conjointly lived with the existing wealthy Shaikh inhabitants of Larkana, Sukkur, Shikarpur and Khairpur while now they have spread throughout Sindh, making a worthy population around 1 Million. - Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18574450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574450" title="Swans, Punjab">
Swans, Punjab

Sawans is a village and union council of Mianwali District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. The Union Council is an administrative Subdivision of Mianwali Tehsil.

</doc>
<doc id="18574460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574460" title="Joy Clements">
Joy Clements

Joy Clements (née Joyce Marie Albrecht; April 29, 1932 – October 24, 2005) was an American lyric coloratura soprano who had a substantial opera and concert career from 1956 through the late 1970s. She notably sang regularly with both the New York City Opera and the Metropolitan Opera during the 1960s through the early 1970s. She also traveled regularly for performances with opera companies and orchestras throughout the United States but only appeared in a relatively few number of performances internationally.
Early life and career.
Born in Dayton, Ohio, Clements first studied singing at the University of Miami in Coral Gables, Florida and, shortly after graduating, made her professional opera debut as Musetta in Puccini's "La bohème" with the Opera Guild of Greater Miami in 1956. She then pursued graduate studies at the Philadelphia Musical Academy where she studied from 1956-1958. During this time she occasionally appeared in operas with smaller houses in the United States. In 1958 she moved to New York City and began further studies with Marinka Gurewich, whom remained her teacher for many years.
Later career.
In 1959 Clements signed a contract with the New York City Opera (NYCO) making her debut with the company in April of that year as Monica in Gian Carlo Menotti's "The Medium" with Claramae Turner in the title role and conductor Werner Torkanowsky. Over the next ten years, she was frequently heard with that company in such roles as Micaëla in Bizet's "Carmen", Speranza in "L'Orfeo" (with conductor Leopold Stokowski), Despina in Mozart's "Così fan tutte" (with conductor Julius Rudel), Mary Warren in the world premiere of Robert Ward's "The Crucible" (with Chester Ludgin, 1961), Lauretta in Puccini's "Gianni Schicchi", Rose Maurrant in "Street Scene", Susanna in Mozart's "Le nozze di Figaro" (with Tatiana Troyanos as Cherubino), the title role in Floyd's "Susannah" (with Norman Treigle as the Reverend Blitch), and Yum-Yum in "The Mikado" among others.
Clements was first seen at the Metropolitan Opera on October 23, 1963, as the Countess Ceprano in Giuseppe Verdi's "Rigoletto" with Cornell MacNeil in the title role, Gianna D'Angelo as Gilda, Barry Morell as the Duke of Mantua, and conductor Fausto Cleva. She performed there for the next 10 consecutive seasons in such roles as Adele in Johann Strauss II's "Die Fledermaus" (with Phyllis Curtin), Amor in "Orfeo ed Euridice", Giannetta in Donizetti's "L'elisir d'amore" (opposite Mirella Freni, then Renata Scotto), Gretel in "Hänsel und Gretel" (opposite Frederica von Stade), Lisa in Bellini's "La sonnambula" (with Dame Joan Sutherland), Musetta, and Oscar in "Un ballo in maschera" (with Leontyne Price, later Montserrat Caballé and Plácido Domingo) among others. Her last and 141st performance with the Met was as Marzelline in Beethoven's "Fidelio" on June 1, 1972 with Leonie Rysanek as Leonore, Robert Nagy as Florestan, William Dooley as Don Pizarro, and John Macurdy as Rocco.
While working working with the NYCO and the Met during the 1960s and 1970s, Clements also appeared with several opera companies throughout the United States. She sang roles with the Houston Grand Opera, the Baltimore Opera Company, the Cincinnati Opera, the Pittsburgh Opera, the Philadelphia Lyric Opera Company, the San Diego Opera, the Minnesota Opera, the Fort Worth Opera, the Tulsa Opera, and Hawaii Opera Theatre among others. In 1963 she made her first international appearances with Vancouver Opera and the Israeli Opera in Tel Aviv. In 1972, she returned to the City Opera, again in "Susannah". Later the same year, she appeared in "Le nozze di Figaro" at the Wolf Trap Farm Park, with Treigle, Curtin and Susanne Marsee in the cast. She also appeared in a number of productions with the Théâtre de la Monnaie in Brussels during the 1975-1976 season. Among the roles she sang with these companies included Bess in "Porgy and Bess", Gilda in "Rigoletto", Juliette in "Roméo et Juliette", Lucy in "The Telephone", the title heroine in Massenet's "Manon", Marguerite in "Faust", the title role in Flotow's "Martha", Mimi in "La Bohème", Olympia (the doll) in "Les contes d'Hoffmann", Pamina in "The Magic Flute", Shemakhan Tsaritsa in "The Golden Cockerel", Violetta in "La Traviata", and many of the roles she portrayed in New York City.
A highlight of her career was the July 28, 1965, Concert Version of Aaron Copland's "The Tender Land", as part of the French-American Festival, with the New York Philharmonic. Clements sang the leading role of Laurie Moss, with Turner, Richard Cassilly, Treigle and Richard Fredricks also in the cast, which was conducted by the composer. Three days later, Columbia recorded an abridged version of the opera, at the Manhattan Center. (In 2000, Sony released the performance on Compact Disc.) In 1971 Clements made her debut performance with the Philadelphia Orchestra singing Valencienne in a concert performance of "The Merry Widow".
After retiring from performing in the late 1970s, Clements worked actively as a voice teacher for a number of years. At the age of seventy-three, the soprano succumbed to complications from multiple sclerosis.

</doc>
<doc id="18574482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574482" title="2008 Latvian Football Cup">
2008 Latvian Football Cup

Latvian Football Cup 2008 was the sixty-seventh season of the Latvian annual football knock-out competition. For the first time it was won by FK Daugava Daugavpils, by outrivaling FK Ventspils. The winners qualified for the second qualifying round of the UEFA Europa League 2009–10.

</doc>
<doc id="18574507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574507" title="John Mason (Scottish politician)">
John Mason (Scottish politician)

John Fingland Mason (born 15 May 1957) is a Scottish politician and the Scottish National Party Member of the Scottish Parliament for Glasgow Shettleston.
He was the SNP Member of Parliament for Glasgow East from 2008 to 2010 and a Councillor on Glasgow City Council for the Garrowhill ward between 1998-2007 then from 2007-2008 in the new multi-member ward of Baillieston (Ward 20).
Background.
Originally from Rutherglen, Mason has lived in the East End of Glasgow for 20 years. His father was an electrical engineer and his mother a teacher.
After attending Hutchesons' Grammar School he studied Accounting at the University of Glasgow becoming an ICAS Chartered Accountant.
He worked for housing associations, nursing homes, and with a charity in London. He also spent three years in Kathmandu, Nepal with an NGO (United Mission to Nepal) representing churches from across the world. Mason is opposed to abortion.
Mason is a supporter of Scottish First Division football team Clyde and his other interests include involvement in Easterhouse Baptist Church, hill-walking, camping and reading (Scottish history).
Councillor.
Mason has lived in the East End of Glasgow for the past 20 years and was elected as the councillor for the Garrowhill ward in Glasgow City Council at a by-election in 1998 and was re-elected in 1999 and 2003.
He was elected in 2007 as the councillor for the new ward of Baillieston, achieving the highest personal vote of any councillor in Glasgow.
He rose to become the Leader of the Opposition in Glasgow City Council and led the SNP Council Group on the majority Labour-run Council between 1999 and 2008. He was the SNP's longest serving Glasgow councillor and during his term he led many protests against Labour's moves to weaken effective opposition by altering the council committee system.
In his ward, he attended a wide variety of community groups, including Garrowhill and Swinton Community Councils, local school boards, tenants association, and Garrowhill Action Partnership. He was also on the management committee of Tenant Controlled Housing which aims to give local tenants control of their housing in place of Glasgow Housing Association (GHA).
Parliamentarian.
Elected as Member of Parliament.
On 30 June 2008 David Marshall, Labour MP for Glasgow East, resigned from the UK Parliament on the grounds of ill-health, thereby triggering a by-election. In the days following Marshall's resignation, controversies emerged surrounding his House of Commons expenses, which included allegations of payments to family members. The decision by Labour to call a quick by-election (set for 24 July 2008) was partly attributed to Labour's troubled finances and fears of an SNP campaign building up enough momentum. John Mason was selected as SNP candidate for Glasgow East on 3 July.
After few weeks of major campaigning, John Mason won the by-election in a surprise victory, defeating the Labour candidate Margaret Curran, MSP for Glasgow Baillieston. Mason overturned a Labour majority of more than 13,500 to win the seat on a swing of more than 22%. It was Labour's third safest seat in Scotland.
As promised during the by-election, Mason resigned his council seat immediately after his election as MP. The subsequent by-election was won by the SNP. Mason served as the SNP's Westminster spokesperson on Work and Pensions during his tenure as an MP. From 2009 until losing his seat in 2010, he also sat on the House of Commons' Select Committee on Administration. In an interview with the Guardian newspaper in April 2010, when questioned about his Protestant religious beliefs and how that could conflict with the rights of others in the UK, Mason acknowledged the difficulty that this issue raised with him, informing the newspaper that he had been warned to leave this issue alone by his party,
On 7 April 2010 he had the distinction of being the last MP to ask a question of Gordon Brown in the final Prime Minister's Questions of that Parliament.
Member of the Scottish Parliament.
In the 2011 Scottish parliamentary election, he defeated his main rival, Labour's Frank McAveety, to win the Glasgow Shettleston seat with a majority of 586 votes. The turnout was 37.7%. During his time in Holyrood so far, Mason has called on the Scottish Government to make housing investment its top priority.

</doc>
<doc id="18574510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574510" title="Edge Games">
Edge Games

Edge Games is a video game developer and publisher headquartered in Pasadena, California, known for the litigious practices of its chief executive and founder, Tim Langdell, in enforcing their trademarks relating to the word "edge". In 2010, Edge Games sued Electronic Arts for trademark infringement, but eventually settled, with Edge surrendering many of its registrations.
History.
Edge Games was founded in California in 1990 by Tim Langdell. At that time, it acquired the intellectual property assets of Langdell's former company, Softek Software, itself founded in 1980 in London, England. Softek's catalog includes several games, including: "Fairlight", released in 1985, and "", released in 1987.
Until the availability of "Racers" for the PC in 2009, Edge Games had not released a new title since 1994, though the Edge website states that two other multi-platform titles: "Mirrors", and "Mythora 2" are "coming soon", as are the PlayStation 3 and other platform versions of "Racers". The website also states that they are porting some of their Commodore 64 games to WiiWare. As of 2014, none of these titles have been released.
Trademark disputes.
Edge Games and Edge Interactive Media have been involved in a number of disputes over the "EDGE" trademark.
Edge (iPhone game).
In May 2009, game developer Mobigame's iPhone title "Edge" was removed from Apple's App Store in the US and the UK due to lawsuit threats by Tim Langdell. According to Mobigames, the dispute arose while they were trying to register a trademark for "Edge" in the US, while Langdell claims he owns the global trademark on "Edge".
According to the email dialogue between Langdell and Mobigames head David Papazian, shared with Eurogamer, Langdell delivered an ultimatum to Mobigames in exchange for a promise not to litigate. If they changed the game's name, he demanded 25% of the game's revenue for the time the title was on sale under the name ""Edge"", and if they licenced the Edge name, they would give him 10% of the game's revenue in perpetuity and subtitle it "An Homage To Games title "Bobby Bearing"", with the Edge Games logo on the title screen. Papazian claims that he suggested the alternative title ""Edgy"", but that this was rejected by Langdell as too similar to "Edge". Edge Games subsequently registered ""Edgy"" as a trademark. An Edge Games spokesperson, writing from Tim Langdell's personal email address and signing off as "Tim Langdell", claims that their registration was the result of a misunderstanding "probably in part caused by David Papazian's less than perfect English". However, many journalists who talked with David Papazian confirmed that Papazian's English is "absolutely flawless" 
On the June 18, 2009, it was reported that the game had been restored to the App Store with its original name intact, though later reports indicated that the game had once again been pulled in July 2009, and Mobigames confirmed that they had voluntarily withdrawn the game while considering their options. Mobigames' lawyer, speaking to Eurogamer, stated that "Mobigame's position is that the trademarks owned by Edge Games are not enforceable against Mobigames or any third party in respect of the distribution of the "Edge" game," because "there is unlikely to be any confusion or association between them and Mobigame's game" and those trademarks "are liable to be revoked".
Soon after, Edge Games published an "open letter" on its website claiming that several of the statements in the Eurogamer article were false. Mobigames' lawyers issued a response to the effect that the Eurogamer article is accurate and that Edge Games's rebuttal is false, and stated that they were gathering evidence to demonstrate that communications Edge Games claims, in its rebuttal, to have made did not actually occur.
The game was eventually put back on the App Store in UK and US markets on October 7, 2009, under the title "Edge by Mobigame". Speaking with Kotaku, Papazian said, "on the legal side, (Langdell) cannot claim anything against ""Edge by Mobigame"" and Apple knows that, so we hope everything will be alright now."
On November 26, 2009, "Edge by Mobigame" was again removed from the App Store. An unnamed Edge Games representative stated "Adding 'by Mobigame' was determined not to get around infringement." On December 1, 2009, the game returned to the App Store under the name "Edgy", but Mobigame soon removed it for fear that Langdell would use the legal precedent in his legal battle against EA.
In May 2010, Edge by Mobigames returned to the App store under the name "Edge". MobiGame had the following to say regarding the ongoing legal battle:
Electronic Arts petition for trademark cancellation.
In September 2009, Electronic Arts petitioned the US Patent & Trademark Office to cancel a range of registrations associated with Edge Games. EA's petition came after continued threats of legal action by Edge Games with respect to the title of EA's 2008 game "Mirror's Edge", despite EA's ownership of common law trademark rights to the phrase. In a statement, EA announced that "While this seems like a small issue for EA, we think that filing the complaint is the right thing to do for the developer community." Tim Langdell responded to these claims in an e-mail statement on September 30 claiming that Edge had in fact not threatened EA with litigation and that 2009 had been spent negotiating an amicable settlement on the use of the trademark. Langdell went on to accuse EA of using the settlement talks to "play for time", and claimed that EA had abandoned efforts to register ""Mirror's Edge"" as a trademark in September 2008. According to a report by gaming blog Kotaku, the USPTO database listed the trademark ""Mirror's Edge"" as "abandoned" as of September 8, 2009. An EA spokesman said the company had been unsuccessful in its attempt to resolve the dispute, which led to the filing of the petition. In June 2010, Edge Games filed a lawsuit against Electronic Arts over "Mirror's Edge", requesting damages and a court injunction against further infringement.
On October 1, 2010 the United States District Court for the Northern District of California rejected the request for a preliminary (i.e. immediate) injunction. In the ruling Judge William Alsup agreed with EA's assertion that Langdell had been deceiving the Patent and Trademark Office.
""Because plaintiff has failed to establish that it is likely to succeed on the merits that it is likely to suffer irreparable harm in the absence of preliminary relief, that the balance of equities tips in its favor, or that an injunction is in the public interest, the motion for a preliminary injunction is denied.""
""Given the suspect nature of Dr. Langdell's representations to both the USPTO and the Court concerning plaintiff's current and future sales and business activities, it is an open question whether plaintiff's business activities legitimately extend beyond trolling various gaming-related industries for licensing opportunities.""
The court was also shown that Langdell had allegedly submitted a cover of Future Publishing's "Edge" magazine doctored to include references to his own products and organisation as part of his 2004 application for continuing trademark rights to the word 'edge.' The court suggested that he could face criminal charges for these actions.
Judge Alsup continued, "EA also presents compelling evidence that there was no bona fide use of the "EDGE" mark in commerce by plaintiff, its licensees, or its predecessors in interest at all between 1989 and to at least 2003."
On October 7, 2010, it was reported that a US judge was reviewing a final judgement that would strip Langdell of his trademarks for "edge", "cutting edge", "the edge" and "gamer's edge", without any admission of wrongdoing on Langdell's part. On October 11, 2010, it was reported that Langdell was to lose his trademarks, potentially leaving him open to legal action from other companies to whom his legal threats may have incurred losses or expenses. In filings at the USPTO, it was stated that lawsuit had ended in a settlement, in which Langdell would surrender the trademarks reported previously but would not be found guilty of any wrongdoing. An appeal to the Federal Circuit was filed, but voluntarily dismissed.
Future Publishing.
In 2011, it was revealed that Future Publishing, the publishers of "Edge" magazine, had brought suit against Langdell in the United Kingdom for breach of contract, breach of copyright, and passing off through his use of the "Edge" magazine logo and his representations of his connection with the magazine. Future had licensed the trademark for the use of the word Edge in magazines from Langdell in 1993, when launching the magazine. The publisher bought the relevant part of the trademark from Langdell outright in 2005. In the intervening years, Future claimed, Langdell had co-opted the magazine's logo as his own, and claimed to have been involved in the creation or publication of the magazine. The action succeeded in all claims, in a decision that described Langdell's own evidence as "invention", "incredible", "totally unconvincing", and "concocted". In two lengthy missives sent to online games publications, Langdell indicated that he had lodged an appeal, placing the blame for his actions with Future and the responsibility for his loss with a "gullible" judge who had made "almost 100 errors of fact and law". Future, in turn, indicated that it had not been served with any new proceedings but had received permission to pursue contempt of court proceedings against Langdell.
Other.
In 2001, Edge sought revocation of Namco's United Kingdom trademark ""Soul Edge"" (for the arcade game "Soul Edge") for reasons including an alleged similarity between the Edge and "Soul Edge" marks. The opposition failed on all grounds. Nevertheless, Namco had already decided to use the name 'Soul Blade' for the PlayStation version in the United States and Europe to avoid potential complications, with the name "Soul Calibur" being used on all sequels due to this.
In March 2009, Cybernet Systems Corporation filed a lawsuit in Federal court against Edge. In the suit, Cybernet states that they were contacted by Tim Langdell beginning in January 2009 and that he asserted his ownership of the term "Edge." The suit also alleges that Langdell asserted his right to have the trademark for Cybernet's ""Edge of Extinction"" game assigned to Edge Games, and his further right to require Cybernet to enter into a paid license agreement with him due to their use of the name. Cybernet refused, and when Langdell threatened a lawsuit, Cybernet instead filed suit against Edge. ""Edge of Extinction"" was released in 2001, and is no longer an active game.
As of June 1, 2009, Edge Games applied for a US trademark for the phrase, "Edge of Twilight." This is the name of an upcoming steampunk fantasy game that has been in development by Fuzzyeyes Studios for at least two years.
In addition, Edge has been a plaintiff in lawsuits with New World Computing over their title "Planet's Edge", Marvel Entertainment over their titles "Cutting Edge", "Double Edge", and "Over the Edge", Sony Entertainment over their PlayStation Edge, Edge Tech Corporation over their "The Edge" hardware, and John Coates over his EdgeGamers online community. Edge's website also claims that the aforementioned Marvel comics, the movie "The Edge", the video game "Cross Edge" and the UK magazine "Edge" were all released under license from Edge Games, though it isn't clear what, if any, involvement Edge or Langdell had in these products.
In 2011 & 2012, Langdell entered into a legal dispute over naming rights with EdgeGamers Organization, an online gaming community. EdgeGamers Organization won, and currently own trademarking rights for EdgeGamers.
Removal from IGDA board.
In July 2009, members of the International Game Developers Association (IGDA) began circulation of a petition calling for a special meeting of the membership to vote on the removal of Langdell from that organization's board of directors citing, among other things, his use of his position on the IGDA to "work directly against the mission of the organization." In late August, the IGDA announced that a special meeting of the membership would be held on October 3, the sole purpose of which was to vote on whether Langdell should be removed, and on August 31, 2009, Langdell resigned from the IGDA board. Langdell had served on the board since March 2009. On October 13, 2010, his IGDA membership was terminated due to his "...lack of integrity or unethical behavior, as determined by the Board of Directors."

</doc>
<doc id="18574522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574522" title="Albert Earl Godfrey">
Albert Earl Godfrey

Air Vice-Marshal Albert Earl Godfrey MC (27 July 1890 –1 January 1982) was a Canadian First World War flying ace, officially credited with 14 victories while flying for the Royal Flying Corps. He spent the remainder of his career in the Royal Canadian Air Force.
Early life and service.
"Steve" Godfrey was the son of Nellie and Christopher Godfrey. He was building his own airplane when World War I began. He jumped at the chance to volunteer for the Royal Flying Corps. He was told he would be accepted if he could pay for his own flight training. As he was unable to do this, he enlisted, originally in the 11th Mounted Rifles CEF in January 1915, then in the 1st Pioneer Battalion CEF of the Canadian Expeditionary Force. He arrived in England in November 1915. While there, he tried to take flying lessons, but his Commanding Officer would not allow him the time off from his duties. He shipped off to France, and served in the trenches until mid-1916. He finally arranged a transfer to the RFC as an aerial observer.
Aerial service.
Godfrey served as an observer/gunner in both 10 and 25 Squadrons, and tallied his first win by driving a Roland fighter down out of control on 16 October 1916. He then finally got his chance at pilot's training. Once he received his wings, he was assigned to 40 Squadron to fly a Nieuport. On 28 May 1917, he shared another "out of control" victory over an Albatros D.III while teaming with William Arthur Bond. Then, still using Nieuport 17 serial number B1684, between 1 June and 14 August 1917, he ran off a string of eleven wins—nine versus Albatros D.III fighters and two against two-seater reconnaissance machines. He then switched to Nieuport 24 serial number B3601 for his final win on 22 August 1917. A summary of his victories shows he destroyed four enemy planes and drove down ten out of control. This sufficed for a MC.
He was then withdrawn to Home Establishment to serve in 44 and 78 Squadrons until April 1918. He then returned home to serve with the Canadian Training Brigade, which he did through war's end.
In September 1926, American aviator James Dalzell McKee and Squadron Leader Godfrey flew from Montreal to Vancouver over nine days, pioneering trans-Canada aviation.
Text of citations.
Military Cross.
"Temp. 2nd Lt. Albert Earl Godfrey, Gen. List, and R.F.C.
For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty in constantly attacking hostile machines at close range, regardless of personal risk or of their being in superior numbers."
Later military career.
Godfrey transferred from the Royal Flying Corps to the newly created Royal Canadian Air Force after World War I, and won an Air Force Cross. By the beginning of World War II, he was serving at the Imperial Defence College as a Group Captain.
He attained the rank of Air Vice-Marshal during World War II before retiring in 1944.
Political career.
Godfrey ran as the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation's candidate in the February 1945 Grey North by-election against General Andrew McNaughton who had been appointed Minister of Defence the previous November and was contesting the by-election for the Liberal Party of Canada. While Godfrey placed third, General McNaughton was upset in the by-election by the Progressive Conservative candidate with Godfrey, whose vote total was less than the difference between McNaughton and the Conservative candidate, acting as spoiler.

</doc>
<doc id="18574526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574526" title="Gyromantis">
Gyromantis

Gyromantis is genus of praying mantises represented by two species of Bark Mantis:

</doc>
<doc id="18574541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574541" title="Sparkassen Cup (tennis)">
Sparkassen Cup (tennis)

The Sparkassen Cup is a defunct WTA Tour affiliated tennis tournament played from 1990 to 2003. It was held in Leipzig in Germany and played on indoor carpet courts.
The inaugural event was held from 24-30 September 1990, shortly before the German reunification.
Steffi Graf won the first four titles and won the tournament again in 1998 to make her the most successful player at the event. Anke Huber, Jana Novotná and Kim Clijsters also won multiple singles titles at the event.

</doc>
<doc id="18574557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574557" title="FC Krystal Kherson">
FC Krystal Kherson

Krystal Kherson is a professional football club from Kherson in Ukraine that has a long history in the Soviet and then the Ukrainian Leagues.
History.
The club was formed in 1961 as Krystal, however it started out to play as Mayak (). The club replaced the previous city club Spartak Kherson that represented Kherson since the end of World War II in 1946. Prior to the war, there was another club Vodnyk Kherson.
When Ukraine became independent the club was known as Krystal and it entered the Persha Liha.
Unfortunately, the club was relegated to the Druha Liha where it competed until the clubs administration decided to leave the professional ranks in 2006.
The club entered into Ukrainian Amateur competition (Fourth level) in 2011.
After a five year absence from the professional leagues Krystal Kherson applied for readmittance to the Professional Football League of Ukraine and was admitted. The club will compete in the Ukrainian Second League for the 2011–12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18574611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574611" title="Bim Sherman">
Bim Sherman

Jarret Lloyd Vincent (February 2, 1950 – November 17, 2000), better known by one of his stage aliases Bim Sherman (others include Jarrett Tomlinson, Jarrett Vincent, Lloyd Vincent, J. L. Vincent, Bim Shieman and Lloyd Tomlinson), was a Jamaican musician and singer-songwriter.
Biography.
Rooted in reggae, his music developed in later years in many directions, combining influences from all around the world, notably India. Sherman was also hailed as "reggae's sweetest voice".
Bim Sherman was gifted with a haunting, ethereal voice that reached into the very heart of his listeners. In the mid 1970s he recorded a small body of classic roots tunes as a young struggling singer in Jamaica. He later moved to London where, as part of the post-punk reggae infatuation, he made a name for himself recording with Adrian Sherwood's On-U Sound label. He became part of various musical collectives associated with On-U Sound, such as New Age Steppers (alongside Ari Up, formerly of The Slits), Singers And Players (with Congo Ashanti Roy and the late Prince Far-I ), Dub Syndicate and Justice League of Zion.
Sherman also recorded a handful of solo reggae LPs. Towards the end of his life, Bim Sherman took a whole new musical direction. He went to India and re-recorded his classic 70s roots tunes alongside a full Indian classical orchestra in Bombay, creating his masterpiece LP, the highly acclaimed "Miracle". This opened Sherman up to an entire new audience and he seemed at last to be emerging from the reggae underworld. "It Must Be A Dream", an entire remix of "Miracle" was released with dance mixes by top UK DJs, followed by another notable Indian/reggae crossover LP "What Happened?" Then, out of the blue, Bim Sherman was diagnosed with cancer and died within weeks of his diagnosis. He received an obituary in "The Times", a rare accolade for an underground reggae singer.

</doc>
<doc id="18574618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574618" title="Cycling '74">
Cycling '74

Cycling '74 (also known as "C74") is a San Francisco-based software development company and music label, specializing in Interactive Media. The company is best known for their work with the digital signal processing software environment Max.
History.
Cycling '74 (C74) was founded in 1997 by David Zicarelli to serve as the distributor for his various collections of software. The company's official website states that ""the name Cycling '74 comes from a 1974 bicycle catalog from which some of the images that decorated our original site were inspired"". The Wayback Machine provides an archive of the website (from December 1998) here.
C74 began producing the MSP extension to Opcode Systems's 1990 program "Max" in the mid 1990s, and in 1998 started distributing both products together. There is no longer a version of Max without audio processing, so the two environments are now technically inseparable.
Products.
Max.
C74 is perhaps best known as the distributor and current developer of the Max/MSP digital signal processing environment. The company has published the program since 1999, and in 2008 released a major overhaul of the package (released as Max 5). A major Sound On Sound article (August 2008) focused mainly on the new GUI of the software. The new interface was designed using the Juce package. Aside from re-designed graphics, the development of the new system concentrated on the original code base, and has provided integrated documentation and debugging. From the release of Max 5, MSP and Jitter were included in the one package.
MSP.
MSP is a DSP plug-in for Max, allowing realtime audio synthesis.
Jitter.
Jitter is a plug-in for Max that allows realtime manipulation of 3D graphics and video.
Pluggo.
Pluggo was an extension to Max that provided capabilities for VST design. Pluggo was required to export Max "patches" for use in digital audio workstation (DAW) host environments, but has been discontinued since Max 5.
Max for Live.
Max integration into Ableton Live, developed by Ableton and Cycling ’74, to build unique synths and effects, create algorithmic composition tools, or fuse Live and controller hardware into new music machines. Unlike Pluggo, you can edit the device created with Max for Live directly from the Live by pressing the edit button.
Record Label.
Founded in 2000, c74 Music was created to release music produced using Cycling '74 technology. The same year, the label released its first record - a live compilation album by the Freight Elevator Quartet. The current artist roster is:

</doc>
<doc id="18574640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574640" title="Dabb Balouchan">
Dabb Balouchan

Dabb Balochan (), is a village and union council of Mianwali District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The Union Council is an administrative subdivision of Piplan Tehsil.

</doc>
<doc id="18574645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574645" title="Carroll Watson Rankin">
Carroll Watson Rankin

Carroll Watson Rankin is the pen name of American authorCaroline Clement Watson Rankin (1864–1945).
Biography.
Rankin was born in Marquette, Michigan, in the Upper Peninsula, and raised her four children there. Her first writing assignment came at the age of 16, when she was hired as a reporter for the "Daily Mining Journal". She kept the job until her marriage to Ernest Rankin in 1886. Her free lance stories were published by "Century", "Harper's Monthly", "Youth's Companion", "St. Nicholas", "Leslie's", "Lippincott's", "Metropolitan" and other widely circulated periodicals. Her best known novel is "Dandelion Cottage", published in 1904 by Henry Holt and Company. She first wrote the story serially for her own children. Considered a regional classic in the midwest, it tells of four young girls who negotiate the use of a derelict cottage as a playhouse by pulling dandelions for the owner, prosperous Mr. Black. The real life model for Mr. Black is generally acknowledged to be Marquette businessman and philanthropist, Peter White. The original Dandelion Cottage is located at 440 East Arch and is privately owned. Now that the book is in Public Domain, it is available from Project Gutenberg and a print edition is available from The Marquette County History Museum.
Rankin allowed her characters much latitude in emotion and behavior at a time when writing for children was often tepid and tutelary. Other of her novels for youth include "The Girls of Gardenville" (1906), "The Anti Foster Pet Association" (1907), "The Adopting of Rosa Marie" (1908), "Castaways of Pete's Patch" (1911), "The Cinder Pond" (1915), "Girls of Highland Hall" (1921), "Gipsy Nan" (1926), "Finders Keepers" (1930), "Wolf Rock" (1933) and "Stump Village" (1935).

</doc>
<doc id="18574662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574662" title="NBC University Theatre">
NBC University Theatre

"The World's Great Novels" was a radio series, directed by Homer Heck, which presented adaptations of classic novels. Broadcast on WMAQ, Chicago, and NBC from 1944 to 1948, it was initially heard Saturdays at 7pm during the first 1944-45 season and then moved to Fridays at 11:30pm. Music for the series was composed by Emil Soderstrom and conducted by Bernard Berquist.
The Chicago-based programs were a production of The NBC University of the Air. Through agreements with the University of Louisville, the University of Tulsa and Washington State College, listeners could receive college credit through accredited, radio-assisted literature correspondence courses. A study guide, "The Handbook of the World's Great Novels", was available for 25 cents.
The series began October 28, 1944 with Henry Fielding's "Tom Jones", followed by Voltaire's "Candide" and Jane Austen's "Emma". Over the next four years, it aired adaptations of such novels as "Kidnapped", "The Last of the Mohicans", Thomas Hardy's "The Mayor of Casterbridge", "Moby-Dick", "A Tale of Two Cities" and "War and Peace". Since this was a half-hour program, many of the novels were serialized in multi-part adaptations of two to six 30-minute episodes.
Chicago actors.
The group of Chicago actors heard on the series included Larry Alexander, Ernie Andrews, Everett Clarke, Johnny Coons, Maurice Copeland, Harry Elders, Sidney Ellstrom, Charles Flynn, Donald Gallagher, Hilda Graham, Ken Griffin, Jonathan Hole, Geraldine Kay, Eloise Kummer, Jack Lester, Ken Nordine, Hope Summers and Lee Young. Some episodes were narrated by Nordine. The announcers were Charles Chan, John Conrad and Dave Garroway.
Guest commentators.
Some shows in the series had guest speakers. Amy Loveman, an editor with "The Saturday Review of Literature", was the guest commentator with the 1944 adaptation of "Emma". The novelist Ida Alexa Ross Wylie was the guest commenting on Charles Dickens' "The Pickwick Papers". The adaptation of Theodore Dreiser's "Free" (July 9, 1948) featured a brief talk by the Dean of the University of Chicago.
On July 23, 1948, the final program featured readings from different works by Thomas Wolfe.
NBC University Theatre.
The series was retooled and renamed "NBC University Theater" (aka "NBC University Theater of the Air", "NBC Theater of the Air" and "NBC Theater") and moved from Chicago to Hollywood. That series was heard from July 30, 1948 to February 14, 1951. In the new format, the program also included adaptations of short stories and plays in addition to novels and occasionally featured commentary on the original work by distinguished writers and critics. The new series won a Peabody Award and was considered one of the most distinguished radio programs of its day; all of the episodes from this period still survive. 
The NBC University of the Air also produced a summer replacement series, "American Novels", which was broadcast when "The World's Great Novels" was off during the summers of 1947 and 1948.
Some sources give the title of the 1944-48 series as "The World's Greatest Novels", but there is no evidence this title was ever used.

</doc>
<doc id="18574673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574673" title="National Federation of Canadian University Students">
National Federation of Canadian University Students

National Federation of Canadian University Students (NFCUS) was a national university student organization founded in 1926. It is the oldest and first national student organization in Canada. It was the primary student organization in Canada during the 1920s, 1930s (except for the Canadian Student Assembly created in 1937), 1940s (NFCUS ceased operations from 1940–1946) the 1950s, and the early 1960s. 
NFCUS changed its name to Canadian Union of Students (CUS) in 1963 and continued operations under that name until CUS ceased to exist in 1969. Several adhoc committees operated on a national level for a few years until the National Union of Students in Canada was organized in [1972.
Formation.
The Federation was formed in Montreal on December 1926 with representatives from ten student associations. Its formation was encouraged by a former president of National Union of Students in England, Ralph Nunn May, who was touring Canada as a member of the Imperial Debating Team. NFCUS was initially established to facilitate student engagement in debating events, and to organize student exchanges, sports events, and discounts on train tickets. Although NFCUS was organized amongst other more politically involved student organizations, NFCUS remained largely a-political in its early existence. 
Early years: 1926-1940.
In the 1920s and 1930s, university in Canada] was the purview of the wealthy and upper middle class. University students were predominantly white males and were a minority amongst their cohort. In 1930, approximately 33,000 students attended Canadian universities full-time, which comprised 3% of college aged youth. Aside from regular university antics, University administrators during this time had traditionally succeeded in managing and socializing students. 
Paul Axelrod, professor and Dean of the Faculty of Education at York University, asserts NFCUS had been created amongst a common desire for pace and international harmony after the carnage and collective trauma experienced as a result of the First World War. Initially NFCUS resolved to “promote national unity” through campus cooperation and to facilitate the exchange of information on student concerns. Axelrod asserts that NFCUS became an apolitical service organization for students, even during a time in the 1930s when other student groups advocated peace and social change, “NFCUS avoided taking controversial positions on issues of the day.” This is consistent with Nigel Moses and Robert Fredrick Clift’s assessment of NFCUS in its early days. Canadian university administrators were warm to NFCUS and saw it as part of student learning and development on campus. Surveillance reports of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police mention NFCUS as a “reliable and approved institution.” Other groups, many inspired by the Social Gospel movement, were more active on social justice initiatives, such as the Student Christian Movement, the Canadian Youth Congress, and the Canadian Student Assembly (created in 1937). There were students involved in activism resembling a type of student movement at the time, but as Axelrod wrote, the campus culture of conformity and repressive nature of university administrators made it difficult for students to express independent political views. It wasn’t uncommon for editors of newspapers and student councilors to lose their positions after criticizing the university, government, or the dominant order. 
Middle years: 1940-1963.
In 1940, NFCUS shut down operations so that university students could concentrate on Canada's prosecution of the Second World War. NFCUS restarted in 1946 (with a false start in 1944 and 1945). In Nigel Moses’ Ph.d. Dissertation, he suggests that the influx of veterans with working class origins is related to the re-emergence of NFCUS in 1946-1947]. 
After the Second World War], service men and women received the Veterans Affairs University Training Allowance and the subsequent increase in presence of veterans is thought to have changed the social composition and customs of university life. Their presence in post secondary institutions was significant; during the 1945/1946 academic year some 30,000 (roughly half the Canadian university student population) veterans attended university, 23,000 in 1948-1949, and 14,500 in 1949-1950. The numbers of ex-service men and women tapers off by 1955-1956. Most of the veterans were older, many were working class, and they were reported to have commanded respect from peers and professors. According to research by Helen Lefkowitz Horowitz (Professor of History at Smith College), these veterans, after fighting a world war against fascism, challenged the elitist norms and customs of the university and had an ever-lasting effect on the university system in Canada. 
NFCUS reemerged after the war in 1944 and 1945, however there was disagreement over continuity from 1940). However, by 1946 a conference was organized and held at the University of Toronto where Maurice Sauvé was elected president. By the mid-1950s, with university enrollment down which resulted in low funds, student councils pulled out of NFCUS, putting its existence in danger. By 1953, tensions with Quebec were becoming apparent as delegates disagreed over questions of federal aid versus Quebec students’ prerogative to lobby their provincial government. In March 1956, McGill University, University of British Columbia, University of Toronto, Université de Montréal and University of Manitoba had left NFCUS. NFCUS recovered in the late 1950s after it invested considerable time convincing local student councils of the ‘usefulness’ of the Federation. Also, enrollment crept up again and NFCUS improved its student travel discount program. In return, university student councils played a more active role in NFCUS as responsibility for selecting delegates became the responsibility of the councils (instead of local NFCUS committees). As a result of these efforts NFCUS was able to hire more staff, balance its budget, and engage in government lobbying with respect to funding for universities. The late 1950s was a turning point for NFCUS. 
By 1957, NFCUS rebounded and began to change from a benign service club for students, to resemble more a union of students. Alliances were made with university professors through their newly formed (1951) union, Canadian Association of University Teachers (CAUT), and the National Conference of Canadian Universities (NCCU, today known as the Association of Universities and Colleges of Canada (AUCC)). In 1957, NFCUS also resolved to fight for financial aid for any “needy and worthy” student. 
From the late 1950s to the early 1960s, government aid for university students was NFCUS’ primary objective on the national level. Annual briefs were researched, written and published by NFCUS and presented to provincial and federal governments. A former NFCUS president (1959–1960), Jacques Gérin, recounts NFCUS’ political aims at the time:
The first and foremost was more money for education, namely scholarships for students, accessibility to education. We argued for reduced costs. The issue in those days was that university education was for a reserved lot: privileged students who had the means. And that meant only 8% of the student-aged population was at university. So at al levels — provincially, nationally — that was the big fight – to open up university education. 
Through years of lobbying the federal government, NFCUS (by 1964 was known as CUS) finally had a breakthrough with the Liberal Party of Canada in 1964. The Liberal Party adopted the NFCUS student aid proposal, but with one key difference, Liberals opted for student loans instead of non-repayable assistance in the form of bursaries, which NFCUS had been pushing for. Many students felt betrayed by the Liberal Party’s creation of the Canada Student Loans Program in 1964.
The influence of Quebec syndicalism.
Tensions with French Canadian students inside NFCUS became apparent by 1961. The student society at the Université de Montréal (Association général des étudiants de l’Université de Montréal, AGEUM) had adopted a manifesto entitled “Charte de l’étudiant universitaire,” which declared students as intellectual workers, which could and should be catalysts for social change. Thus, student syndicalism became a distinct attribute of Quebec students. At this time NFCUS was still careful not to engage in politics outside of student issues. Also, the “Quiet Revolution” in Quebec, which secularized Quebec society and divided Quebec politics along federalist and nationalist lines, had major influences on Quebec’s students. In 1962, at the NFCUS national Congress, an English document, which mirrored the “Charte de l’étudiant universitaire”, was introduced, however most English delegates were against it and it did not pass. Also in 1962, Quebec students began to organize themselves into the Union générale des étudiants du Québec (UGEQ), which caused considerable distress amongst members of NFCUS. 
It was the influence of student syndicalism in France and Quebec that helped change NFCUS into a student movement and less of a service and single-issue lobby group. At the 1963 NFCUS Congress, NFCUS’ name was changed to Canadian Union of Students (CUS), in order to recognize Quebec’s unique status. CUS also became a French and English organization, instituted a bi-national veto in its constitution, and adopted an agreement to cease lobbying the federal government. However, by 1964, this arrangement fell apart and many of Quebec’s universities pulled out of CUS in order to join the UGEQ, which had been officially created that year. Quebec students were more interested in provincial politics and felt CUS’ bias towards lobbying of the federal government conflicted with their nationalist orientation. 
Final years: 1964-1969.
In 1964-1965 school year, tuition fee levels across Canada increased markedly in response to the initialization of CSLP. In 1964 a tuition freeze position was adopted by delegates, and in 1965 a tuition abolition position was taken at national Congress. Students at the local level became more combative which took university administrators by surprise. Individual student councils pointed to progressive tax reform, which would pay for post- secondary education and make tuition fees redundant. Also, inspired by the Students for a Democratic Society and the Black civil rights movement, students councils in cooperation with CUS began to organize rallies and other actions on campuses. In response to years of intense lobbying by NFCUS and CUS, along with the tuition freeze and tuition abolition movements on campus, tuition fees were frozen in Canada in 1965. 
During this time CUS had radicalized, and became more critical of the university system and the political order. New Left politics, the war in Vietnam, Students for a Democratic Society, and the black power movement had influenced leaders in the CUS. However, the fee freeze and the infiltration of right wing students aligned with the administration, undermined the CUS and served to drive New Left students out of the Union and into other organizations on campus. Several student councils/unions initiated pull-outs at the same time which put immense strain on CUS. This led to the collapse of CUS in 1969. Nigel Moses characterizes the collapse as “without support from the ‘left’ and ‘right’ CUS collapsed...” Students met provincially and nationally through "ad hoc" committees however, students lacked a coherent nation-wide organization from 1969 to 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="18574677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574677" title="2008–09 Ford Ranger One Day Cup season">
2008–09 Ford Ranger One Day Cup season

The 2008–09 Ford Ranger One Day Cup is the 39th season of official List A domestic cricket in Australia. The season began on 8 October 2008 when Western Australia played, New South Wales.
The final between the Victorian Bushrangers and the Queensland Bulls was played at the MCG on 22 February 2009.
Points Table.
The top two teams after each round was played competed in the Ford Ranger One Day Cup final. The match was contested at the home ground of the side that finished first. (For an explanation of how points are rewarded, see Ford Ranger One Day Cup – Points system).
As 18 February 2009 (Final)

</doc>
<doc id="18574702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574702" title="The Apprentice Africa">
The Apprentice Africa

The Apprentice Africa is an African version of the original American Reality TV format, The Apprentice, hosted by Donald Trump. The show was hosted by Mr. Biodun Shobanjo, an advertising magnate, co-founder of Insight Communications and CEO of Troyka Group. It gathered 18 contestants from across six African countries: Nigeria, Ghana, Uganda,Kenya, Cameroon and Guinea. The show was aired in Nigeria on (Nigerian Television Authority), Silverbird TV, Super Screen, and MBI Television; Ghana on (TV3); Kenya on (KTN); Uganda on (WBS); and Tanzania (TBC1); premiered in February 2008 and ended in June 2008.
The premier edition, shot in the Nigerian commercial capital Lagos, had eighteen episodes where contestants competed in seventeen business tasks requiring street smarts and corporate intelligence to conquer. Contestants were arranged into two groups and in each episode, the winning team was rewarded while the losing team meet the CEO and his associates in the boardroom to explain why they lost. The Project Manager for that task would choose two teammates perceived to be the reason for the lost or the weakest link in the team, one of whom would then be fired.
Isaac Dankyi-Koranteng, a 31 year old Sales and Marketing Manager from Ghana, won the first season. He was hired by Biodun Shobanjo.

</doc>
<doc id="18574703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574703" title="Daud Khel, Punjab">
Daud Khel, Punjab

Daud Khel is a town of Mianwali District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The town is located at 32°52'60N 71°34'0E at an altitude of 207 metres, and is part of Mianwali Tehsil. It is administratively subdivided into two Union councils, one for the urban area and another for the rural area.

</doc>
<doc id="18574711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574711" title="Hygrocybe austropratensis">
Hygrocybe austropratensis

Hygrocybe austropratensis is a gilled fungus of the waxcap family found in a few scattered locations in dry sclerophyll forests in eastern Australia. It is a small mushroom with a 1.4–3 cm diameter pale orange or orange-brown cap and buff-coloured stipe and gills. It is known only from Lane Cove National Park in Sydney's suburban Lower North Shore, Hazelbrook in the Blue Mountains, and Victoria.
Taxonomy.
"Hygrocybe austropratensis" was originally collected by mycologist Bruce A. Fuhrer in Warrandyte State Park in Melbourne's outer northeastern suburbs on 23 May 1996, and officially described by Australian mycologist Tony Young in 1999, from a designated holotype collected by Ray and Elma Kearney in Lane Cove National Park in Sydney's suburban Lower North Shore district on 7 June 1996. Its specific epithet is made with the prefix "austro-" "southern" onto the existing "pratensis" "of a meadow".
It was separated from the wide-ranging buffcap ("Hygrocybe pratensis") by its smaller spores and the fine white fur that covers young mushrooms.
Description.
"Hygrocybe austropratensis" is a small mushroom with a pale orange to orange-brown cap 1.4–3 cm (0.5–1.2 in) in diameter, initially convex and later flattening irregularly. All parts of the mushroom are covered with fine white down which disappears with age. The widely spaced thick gills are decurrent, and occasionally fork at the margin of the cap, and are buff. The buff stipe is 2–4.5 cm (0.8–1.6 in) high and 0.4–0.7 cm thick and may be bulbous at the base. The spore print is white, the oval spores measuring 7.5 x 6.3 μm.
Distribution and habitat.
Saprotrophic, this species has been recovered from locations in southeastern Australia including Hazelbrook in the Blue Mountains and Sydney Basin (Lane Cove National Park), and Warrandyte in outer Melbourne. Fruiting bodies appear in autumn and winter (May and June), in leaf litter and mossy areas in dry forest, particularly with "Kunzea ericoides", in warm temperate or subtropical climates.
It is currently listed by the Government of New South Wales as "endangered", that is "likely to become extinct unless the circumstances and factors threatening its survival or evolutionary development cease to operate" as defined by the NSW Threatened Species Conservation Act 1995. Searching of suitable habitat has only yielded a very limited occurrence, and its habitat has been deemed vulnerable to waterborne pollution, weed encroachment and damage from pedestrians.

</doc>
<doc id="18574735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574735" title="Adeline Masquelier">
Adeline Masquelier

Adeline Marie Masquelier (born 1960) is an Professor of Anthropology at Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana. She received her Ph.D. from the University of Chicago in 1993 studying under the prominent Africanist and Anthropologist Jean Comaroff, and has done her field work among the people of rural Niger in the Hausa town of Dogondoutchi. Her research focuses have included spirit possession, reformist Islam, Bori religious practices, twinship, witchcraft, the pathology of consumption, medical anthropology, and gender. Currently she is researching the Izala Islamic reformist movement in Niger, examining issues including bridewealth, worship, and dress.

</doc>
<doc id="18574765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574765" title="NGC 7331 Group">
NGC 7331 Group

NGC 7331 Group group of galaxies in constellation Pegasus. NGC 7331 spiral galaxy is the brightest member of the group. This group is also called the "Deer Lick Group" 

</doc>
<doc id="18574797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574797" title="Young Australian Journalist of the Year">
Young Australian Journalist of the Year

The Young Australian Journalist of the Year award was launched in Australia in 2008 by the Walkley Foundation for Journalism, as a companion to its Walkley Awards for journalism. The latter is known as an Australian equivalent of the Pulitzer Prize.
Awards are in five categories: print, television, radio, online and photography, to recognise the best work from Australian journalists aged 26 and under. From these category winners, the Board will choose one candidate who will be named the inaugural Young Australian Journalist of the Year.
2009.
The awards were announced on 25 June 2009:
2008.
The awards were announced on 24 July 2008:

</doc>
<doc id="18574815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574815" title="The Great Bolo">
The Great Bolo

The Great Bolo was the ring name of professional wrestler Al Lovelock, who wore a mask when he wrestled as the Great Bolo. Lovelock was active in the 1950s and 1960s and was primarily known for his work in the Carolinas, Georgia, and Florida. Lovelock was the first to use the name "the Great Bolo" but would later allow Tom Bombadil to use the name as well.
Professional wrestling career.
Al Lovelock began wrestling in the late 1940s under his real name. In 1950 he worked for Dory Funk's "NWA Western States" territory, teaming with Danny McShain. The duo reached the finals of a tournament to crown new NWA Texas Tag Team Champions but lost to Rito Romero and Miguel Guzmán. In 1953 Lovelock had travelled to Hawaii and worked for NWA Hawaii, winning the promotions main title, the NWA Hawaii Heavyweight Championship from Ben Sharpe on February 14, 1954. Three months later Lovelock vacated the title and left the promotion.
While working in Hawaii Lovelock had also begun working for the Los Angeles NWA territory as "The Great Bolo", a masked villain. Together with Tom Rice they held the International Television Tag Team Championship, which they won from Wilbur Snyder and Sandor Szabo. Bolo and Rice would hold the International Tag Team title one more time in 1955. After working in the Los Angeles area for a couple of years the Great Bolo moved on to Texas, returning to Dory Funk's Western States territory. Bolo would beat Dory Funk himself for the Amarillo version of the NWA North American Heavyweight Championship on February 7, 1957. A week later he defeated Funk for the NWA Southwest Junior Heavyweight Championship as well becoming a doubles champion. His double title reign only last two weeks before Dory Funk won both titles back. Bolo would go on to win the promotion's Southwest Tag Team Championship three times, each with a different partner: Dizzy Davis, Art Nelson and Tokyo Joe. In 1958 Tokyo Joe left the promotion forcing Bolo to team up with Kurt Von Poppenheim to lose the tag team titles to Ricky Romero and Dory Funk.
From Texas Bolo moved on to the Gulf region of the South Eastern United States working for the local promotions NWA Gulf Coast and NWA Mid-America. On April 20, 1960 Bolo and partner Joe McCarthy won the NWA Gulf Coast Tag Team Championship and the NWA Mid-America Southern Tag Team Championship, both held by Bobby and Don Fields. A week later Bolo and McCarthy lost the titles back to the Fields brothers and split up. After this Lovelock began working with Tom Renesto who had been Lovelock's manager in Los Angeles. Renesto took the name "the Mighty Bolo" and the two became a tag team known as "the Bolos".
When Lovelock moved to another territory he gave Renesto permission to work as the Great Bolo in the area since he was booked to work in Texas. In those days it was not uncommon for several people to use the same gimmick in various territories, often leading to confusing records on who wrestled where, Renesto worked as the Great Bolo in the Carolinas, mainly for Jim Crockett Promotions (JCP) while Lovelock worked all over the country. Renesto made "The Missouri Mauler" Larry Hamilton his tag-team partner giving him the "Mighty Bolo" name. Renesto was so popular as the Great Bolo that Al Lovelock sued promoter Jim Crockett to get a part of the profits that his creation had earned. Later on Hamilton's brother Jody Hamilton started to team with Renesto as The Assassins, but the Bolo name was so popular in JCP that the two worked as the Great Bolo and the Mighty Bolo for a while to capitalize on the popularity of the Bolo gimmick.
Lovelock would go on to recruit Pepper Martin to work alongside him as "the Mighty Bolo" forming another Bolos team, the team would work together until Lovelock retired in the late 1960s. After his retirement Lovelock discovered and trained Gary Fletcher aka Man Mountain Mike for a professional wrestling career.

</doc>
<doc id="18574831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574831" title="Wallace &amp; Gromit's Grand Adventures">
Wallace &amp; Gromit's Grand Adventures

"Wallace & Gromit's Grand Adventures" is an episodic graphic adventure based around the characters of "Wallace and Gromit" created by Nick Park and Aardman Animations. The game was developed and published by Telltale Games It was first released for Microsoft Windows with the first episode released on March 23, 2009, the second episode released on May 5, 2009, the third episode released on June 15, 2009 and the fourth episode released on July 30, 2009. It was then released for Xbox Live Arcade with the first episode released on May 27, 2009, the second episode was due to be released on September 8, 2009, but the announcement was shortly retracted; instead, the final three episodes was released simultaneously on the service on November 4, 2009.
Episodes are developed by Telltale Games in collaboration with Aardman Animations to develop the story, characters, and setting. Players control both Wallace and Gromit at times through the gameplay. Ben Whitehead, Aardman's official backup voice actor, portrays Wallace, instead of Peter Sallis, who had voiced the character in all screen appearances up to that point. A playable demo of the first episode was made available on March 16, 2009 and can be downloaded from the official site as well as Yahoo Games. It is also included on the Region 2 DVD and Blu-ray releases of "A Matter of Loaf and Death" as DVD-ROM content. On January 14, 2014, Telltale Games removed the game from sale due to the expiration of their distribution rights for the "Wallace & Gromit" intellectual property.
Synopsis.
Episode 1: Fright of the Bumblebees.
Wallace has opened a new business, "From Bee to You" specialising in delivering freshly made honey to his customers. He takes up the offer to provide fifty gallons of honey in repayment to the local grocer after his electric cheese-detecting machine accidentally rampaged through the store on a test run. However, Wallace has used up all the flowers in his garden, and is forced to improvise a growth formula to turn some daisy seeds provided by his neighbour, Ms. Flitt into giant flowers. The formula is a success, and he meets his client's demand but things soon go wrong when the bees react to the growth formula, becoming huge and terrorizing the town and Wallace's home. Gromit is able to trap most of the bees, but Wallace is stolen away by the giant queen bee. Gromit gives chase in Wallace's honey tanker truck, and is able to rescue Wallace. The two work together to feed the queen more honey dosed with more of the growth formula, forcing the bee to become stuck in a tunnel. Wallace works out an antidote to the growth formula to restore the bees to normal, though he accidentally shrinks himself in the process.
Episode 2: The Last Resort.
Using their profits from the honey business, Wallace prepares to take Gromit to Blackpool, but the weather both spoils their plans and creates a small flood in the cellar. Wallace comes up with the idea of converting the water-logged cellar into an indoor holiday resort for the rest of the townsfolk, and seeks to keep them all happy, though Ms. Flitt's two puppies raise much havoc. When Ms. Flitt's boyfriend, Duncan McBiscuit is mysteriously injured, Wallace and Gromit deduce that the puppies, upset at having their chew toy taken away from them, attacked Duncan. In the episode's finale, the cellar drain becomes dislodged, and the puppies, chasing after their chew toy, follow it and end up in a prison cell, while Wallace starts to clean up the mess. Just as everyone leaves, a whistling man with a mustache posts a flyer for a charity fair through the door to West Wallaby.
Episode 3: Muzzled!
Shortly after the holiday season, a charity fair comes into town, run by Monty Muzzle, to raise money for a new dog shelter, the old one being destroyed in the storm last episode. After dealing with three strays in their home, Wallace and Gromit go to the fair with Wallace's new invention to create any flavor of ice cream. At the fair, Gromit discovers that Mr. Muzzle is actually attempting to steal away the townspeople's donations and using the strays as manual labor for the fair. When Wallace and Gromit uncover Mr. Muzzle's intentions, he escapes on a makeshift balloon, but Wallace and Gromit give chase, denying Mr. Muzzle of his ill-gotten money while saving all the strays. Ms. Flitt, who dumped Duncan McBiscuit earlier in the episode and has grown to admire the "bravery" of Wallace (unaware that it was actually Gromit that stopped Muzzle), mistakes his confusion at finding a loose fastening nut as an engagement ring and a marriage proposal from him.
Episode 4: The Bogey Man.
In order to defuse Ms. Flitt's mistake, Gromit manages to make Wallace a member of the local country club, Prickly Thicket, which Ms. Flitt's aunt loathes and soundly rejects her niece's marriage to Wallace. The local constable, jealous that Wallace was admitted over him, uses an obscure bylaw to threaten the club with closure since it does not have a golf course–or rather it does, but members do not know where it is because the deed is missing, safely held in a security system designed by Wallace's (apparent) ancestor, Goodman Witless (and his faithful dog Gimlet). Using his detective equipment Wallace manages to find the deed, but discovers that the entire town was built on the golf course, and a vengeful Duncan decides to have the town destroyed in order to rebuild the course. Wallace challenges Duncan to a golf tourney so that he may become chairman and tear up the deed, saving the town, and manages to win with Gromit's help. However, as he goes to tear the deed, the security system traps him and the other townsfolk in a room, and Gromit is forced to disable the trap and free everyone. Wallace tears up the deed, and is thankful to find that Ms. Flitt has cancelled their engagement and gone back to Duncan, who her aunt now approves of since he is no longer the club chairman.
Reception.
Episode 1: Fright of the Bumblebees.
"Episode 1: Fright of the Bumblebees" received mixed to positive reviews. Aggregating review websites GameRankings and Metacritic gave the PC version 78.34% and 76/100 and the Xbox 360 version 75.05% and 73/100.
Episode 2: The Last Resort.
"Episode 2: The Last Resort" received mixed reviews. Aggregating review websites GameRankings and Metacritic gave the PC version 73.70% and 72/100 and the Xbox 360 version 72.00% and 73/100.
Episode 3: Muzzled!
"Episode 3: Muzzled!" received mixed to positive reviews. Aggregating review websites GameRankings and Metacritic gave the PC version 77.26% and 75/100 and the Xbox 360 version 75.00% and 72/100.
Episode 4: The Bogey Man.
"Episode 4: The Bogey Man" received mixed reviews. Aggregating review websites GameRankings and Metacritic gave the PC version 74.32% and 72/100 and the Xbox 360 version 74.00% and 72/100.

</doc>
<doc id="18574832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574832" title="Roland Lee (swimmer)">
Roland Lee (swimmer)

Roland George Lee (born 30 July 1964 in Bicester, Oxfordshire) is a retired competitive swimmer from England, who specialised in the 100 metres freestyle. He competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics for Great Britain, starting in 1984 (Los Angeles, California).

</doc>
<doc id="18574847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574847" title="Hernoli">
Hernoli

Harnauli (), is a town of Mianwali District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The town is part of Piplan Tehsil and is administratively subdivided into two Union councils, one for the urban area and another for the rural area. It is situated in south of District Mianwali.
References.
Rajpoot is The Major Cast of This Town

</doc>
<doc id="18574892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574892" title="Cynanchum laeve">
Cynanchum laeve

Cynanchum laeve (syn. Ampelamus albidus) is a vining perennial herb native to eastern and central U.S. states and Ontario. Common names include honeyvine, honeyvine milkweed, bluevine milkweed, climbing milkweed, and smooth swallow-wort.
Like bindweed and some other members of the Convolvulaceae, "Cynanchum laeve" is a twining vine with heart-shaped leaves common in roadsides, fence rows, fields, and disturbed areas. However, "C. laeve" is easily recognized as a member of the Milkweed family by its opposite leave placement, milky sap and distinctive flowers and "milkweed pods." The seeds are wind dispersed and can travel long distances.
"Cynanchum laeve" is considered a noxious weed in several states, and can be very difficult to eradicate from fields because of its deep, extensive root system. Like many other milkweed species, "C. laeve" contains toxic cardenolide alkaloids, and is a food plant for the caterpillars of Monarch butterflies.

</doc>
<doc id="18574894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574894" title="Kamar Mushani Pakka">
Kamar Mushani Pakka

Kamar Mushani Pakka (), is a Union Council of Mianwali District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The Union Council is an administrative subdivision of Isakhel Tehsil.

</doc>
<doc id="18574903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574903" title="Kotzschmar Memorial Organ">
Kotzschmar Memorial Organ

The Kotzschmar Memorial Organ, usually referred to as the Kotzschmar Organ, is a pipe organ located inside the city-owned Merrill Auditorium in Portland, Maine, United States. Built in 1912 by the Austin Organ Co. as Opus 323, it was the second-largest organ in the world at the time, and it remains the largest organ in Maine today.
The organ was given to the city by Cyrus Hermann Kotzschmar Curtis, a publisher from Pennsylvania who grew up in Portland. Curtis named the organ in honor of Hermann Kotzschmar, a German-born musician who came to Portland in 1849 and lived there until his death in 1908.
The Kotzschmar Organ is a prime example of the U.S. style of municipal (city-owned) organs which were once a prevalent part of American culture throughout the first half of the 20th century. It was the first municipal organ built in the U.S., and is one of only two U.S. municipal organs still owned by a municipality — the other being the Spreckels Organ in San Diego, California. 
Organists.
Municipal organists.
The City of Portland created the position of "municipal organist" in 1912. The position remained until 1981, when it was eliminated due to budget constraints. That same year, a non-profit organization called Friends of the Kotzschmar Organ was formed in order to provide continued funding for a municipal organist (who would become a FOKO employee), as well as to fund upkeep and restoration of the organ, which the city could no longer afford.
To date, there have been ten municipal organists in Portland:
Visiting organists.
A partial list of notable organists who have played the Kotzschmar Memorial Organ: 

</doc>
<doc id="18574910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574910" title="Khola At Khanqah Sirajia">
Khola At Khanqah Sirajia

Khanqah Sirajia (), is a Union Council of Mianwali District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. Ding Khola is a village in this union council, inhabited mostly by Talokar Jatts. It is an administrative subdivision of Piplan Tehsil.
References.
Khanqah was established in 1920~1922 by Maulana Abu Saad Ahmed Khan Sahib. Name of Khanqah Sirajia was named after the name of Khawaja Haji Muhammad Siraj ud Din Sahib. Hadrat Khawaja Khan Muhammad Sahib is the In-charge of Khanqah Sirajia since 1956. Khanqah Sirjia is one of the oldest khanqah of Sufi Order (Silsila) Naqashbandia Mujadadia in Pakistan. A beautiful Masjid, Madrassah, Khanqah and Libray are present in this village of Kundian Mianwali. This village played a key role in the Khatam e Nabuwwat Movement. Village Khanqah Sirajia is also called as the Markaz e Sirajia

</doc>
<doc id="18574978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574978" title="Hollandia Produce">
Hollandia Produce

Hollandia Produce Inc. is an American agricultural company based in Carpinteria, California that specializes in the production and wholesale and retail marketing of vegetables, which it grows in greenhouses using hydroponic methods. All of its products are sold under its label "Live Gourmet." The company was established in 1970 by Art and Magda Overgaag.
Products.
The lettuce types grown are butter lettuce, known also as bibb lettuce, red butter lettuce, and the three lettuces red oak leaf, lollo bionda and lollo rossa, which are grown, harvested, and sold together in one package. The company also grows Barbarea verna, also known as Upland Cress and early yellowrocket. Tomatoes, arugula and watercress have also been grown.
Hydroponic method.
The hydroponic method used by the company recycles water, and the company collects rainwater runoff in retention basins to reduce erosion and protect nearby estuaries. The company claims that its hydroponic greenhouse production of lettuce conserves from 65 to 84 percent of the water that would be used if the lettuce were field-grown, depending on field conditions, time of year, and other factors.
Distinguishing features.
Distinguishing features include the vegetables’ ability to retain freshness for longer than conventionally harvested vegetables resulting from the roots remaining intact at harvest, enabling packaging to promote a micro-environment which extends the life of the plant. Predator insects are used for pest management.

</doc>
<doc id="18574981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574981" title="Kot Chandna">
Kot Chandna

Kot Chandna (), is a small town and union council of Mianwali District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is part of Isakhel Tehsil and is located at 32°56'27N 71°30'13E at an altitude of 191 metres (629 feet) 
Kot Chandna is located near Jinnah Barrage and Kalabagh. A provincial highway connects it with Mianwali and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. Life in Kot Chandna is a mixture of Punjabi and Pashtun culture. There is a Camp for Afghan Refugees near Kot Chandna. There is a hydro power plant near Kot Chandna.

</doc>
<doc id="18574995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18574995" title="Volleyball Federation of Yugoslavia">
Volleyball Federation of Yugoslavia

The Volleyball Federation of Yugoslavia was a national governing body of volleyball. It was founded in 1946. It organized a men's national team and a women's national team.
The federation was one of the founding members of the Fédération Internationale de Volleyball.

</doc>
<doc id="18575004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575004" title="Pedro Andrés del Alcázar">
Pedro Andrés del Alcázar

Marshal Pedro Andrés del Alcázar y Rodríguez de Zapata (December 12, 1752 - † September 28, 1820) was a Spanish and later Chilean Army officer and hero of the Chilean War of Independence.
Early life.
Alcázar was born in the fort of "San Diego de Alcalá", in Tucapel, the son of Andrés del Alcázar, an infantry captain and the fort's commander, and of Feliciana Rodríguez de Zapata y Sanhueza. began his military career in 1773 as a "distinguished" soldier in the "Dragones de la Frontera" cavalry regiment of the Spanish Army. When shortly after his official commission as a Cadet arrived from Spain, it was discovered that by a copyist mistake, it was made out to a "Pedro del Alcázar" instead of his real name "Andrés del Alcázar". In order to solve the discrepancy, the commander of the regiment, Colonel Ambrosio O'Higgins ordered his act of baptism modified to read "Pedro Andrés", the name he would be known ever after.
In 1776, del Alcázar was promoted to Alférez, to Lieutenant of the "Dragones de la Frontera" in 1783 and to Captain in 1785. He married Clara de Zumelzu Obregón y Ruiz de Berecedo In 1777, and together they had 7 children: Carmen, Juan Andrés, Mateo (who became a priest), Antonia, Juana, Teresa and José Antonio.
War of Independence.
He supported the patriot side on the Chilean War of Independence from the beginning, and in 1811 he was dispatched by the First Government Junta to support the government of Buenos Aires, then under threat from a Royalist invasion. He took with him a small contingent, named the "disciplined troops" (), composed of 200 infantry soldiers and 100 "Dragones de la Frontera" cavalry. Among the 27 officers he took along were the captains José Joaquín Prieto, future President and Manuel José Bulnes, father of the president of the same name. They arrived to Buenos Aires on June 16, where they supported José de San Martín and the creation of the Second Triumvirate during the revolution of October 8.
"Patria Vieja" campaign.
In April 1813, Alcázar requested permission from the governing body of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata to return to Chile together with his troop, in order to help in the defense of the country. The troops left Buenos Aires on April 18, crossed the Andes at the end of May and arrived to Santiago on June 4, where was received with wild enthusiasm. The Chilean government first sent the "disciplined troops" to defend Valparaíso, but soon after they were sent south to defend Talca, where they were incorporated into the Auxiliary Division. As part of this division, under the command of Colonel Marcos González de Balcarce, they captured Longaví, Cauquenes and Quirihue.
After the capture of the frigate "Thomas", Alcázar was charged with the protection of José Ignacio Cienfuegos, the commissioner transporting the captured money and documents taken to the Royalist army. Later, on the Battle of Cucha-Cucha (February 23), Del Alcázar was second in command to Brigadier Juan Mackenna.

</doc>
<doc id="18575010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575010" title="Agzibir">
Agzibir

Agzibir may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18575018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575018" title="List of 1992 ballet premieres">
List of 1992 ballet premieres


</doc>
<doc id="18575019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575019" title="Lynne Brown">
Lynne Brown

Lynne Brown (born 26 September 1961) is the former Premier of the Western Cape province in South Africa. She was born in Cape Town and grew up in Mitchell's Plain. She was appointed to the post following the resignation of Ebrahim Rasool in July 2008. Previously, she was Minister for Economic Development and Tourism. She is a member of the African National Congress and elected member of its National Executive Committee in 2007 and 2012. Like her predecessor Ebrahim Rasool she is also from a Coloured background. She is the fourth Coloured premier of the Western Cape, and the second from the African National Congress.
The ANC lost control of the province in the 2009 election with the Democratic Alliance garnering 22 of the 42 seats in the Provincial Parliament. The DA premier candidate Helen Zille replaced Brown on 6 May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18575021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575021" title="Malfourd W. Trumbo">
Malfourd W. Trumbo

Malfourd W. "Bo" Trumbo (born November 18, 1954, in Staunton, Virginia) is a Circuit Court judge in the 25th circuit of Virginia, which includes the counties of Botetourt, Craig, Rockbridge, Alleghany, Bath and Highland, and the cities of Lexington, Buena Vista and Covington. 
. A Fincastle lawyer, Trumbo was appointed to replaced Judge Duncan Byrd Jr., who died in a 2004 traffic accident in Bath County. Trumbo's appointment was for eight years. He previously served a term in the Virginia House of Delegates and three terms in the State Senate as a Republican. 
He graduated from the College of William and Mary (A.B., J.D.).

</doc>
<doc id="18575033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575033" title="Ordaklu">
Ordaklu

Ordaklu () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18575036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575036" title="DVWN">
DVWN

DVWN (Digital Video Worldwide Network) is an independent online video network. Catering largely to a male demographic 18-49, DVWN.com offers an array of professional full-length content including original series, exploitation films, rare concerts, TV shows, and extreme sports. All programming is delivered via streaming video on-demand (in 24 hr passes) in DVD quality with no downloads necessary. On May 21, 2008, DVWN reported 2 million unique viewings since their inception.
Platform.
DVWN's platform differs from its main competitor Hulu in several key ways. Rather than being ad-supported, shows are sold individually for a minimal fee (currently 99 cents) with no advertising at all on the site or the videos themselves. Their programming is completely uncensored with such offerings as uncut, unrated versions of cult movies and stand-up comedy, adult animation, and extreme sports (hardcore wrestling, catfights, etc...). All content is independently produced, meaning not affiliated with the major Hollywood studios and is thus widely available around the world. 
Videos are offered in Flash Video format at 480p60 or enhanced-definition television (EDTV). DVWN’s “watch instantly” video requires no additional player installation or downloads of any kind and works seeminglessly with Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari and Google Chrome on any PC. The release of Version 3.0 made available full screen video capability, advanced one-click sharing, and one-step purchasing with automated playback.
History.
Founded by David Julius (CEO) and Richard Trusky (CTO), DVWN launched in May 2007 with select original programming (adult animations "Mario The Monkey" and "Cooking With Bigfoot" ) to a limited audience. Soon DVWN began acquiring name titles (first were Evil Dead Trap with Synapse Films and "Look Who It Isn't" by Zach Galifianakis in July 2007) while expanding their platform and bandwidth capabilities. In December 2007, DVWN raised $3 million in angel investment. After one full year in beta, DVWN launched a fully scaled version 2.0 on May 11, 2008 with nearly 100 titles. Improving on its highly acclaimed Web 2.0 interface, DVWN released Version 3.0 on September 19, 2008, emphasizing enhanced high-quality video and audio and an intuitive interface for an elegant and immersive user experience. DVWN is currently producing several new original series and plans to debut its first live event in early 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18575040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575040" title="Naomi Lindstrom">
Naomi Lindstrom

Naomi Eva Lindstrom (born November 21, 1950, Chicago) is an American literary critic who has published books and articles on Latin American narrative and Jewish writing from Latin America.
Background.
Lindstrom studied at the University of Chicago and is a Professor of Spanish and Portuguese and Comparative Literature and Acting Director of the Schusterman Center for Jewish Studies at the University of Texas at Austin. Lindstrom is the daughter of the noted sociologist Frederick B. Lindstrom (1915–1998), best known as a student of popular culture and historian of the Chicago school (sociology) , and the two collaborated and co-authored conference papers and articles.
Career.
Elements of sociological thought influence Naomi Lindstrom's literary criticism, especially her 1989 book "Jewish Issues in Argentine Literature" and her 1998 study "The Social Conscience of Latin American Writing". During the latter part of her career, Lindstrom has increasingly focused on the field of Latin American Jewish studies, both in her research and in her administrative roles. Since 1996, as part of her work with the Latin American Jewish Studies Association (LAJSA), she has managed "lajsa-list", a listserv on Latin American Jewish topics; the URL is lajsa-list@utlists.utexas.edu. She is the content manager of the website of LAJSA, which features research bibliographies for Latin American Jewish Studies, a filmography, and a continually updated registry of dissertations and theses, both completed and in progress, on Latin American Jewish topics. The site also has a page of resources for teaching courses in both Sephardic Studies and Latin American Jewish Studies. Hosted at the University of Texas at Austin, the LAJSA site has the URL www.utexas.edu/cola/orgs/lajsa/
In 2012 Lindstrom was awarded the President's Associates Teaching Excellence Award at the University of Texas. She organized the International Research Conference of the Latin American Jewish Studies Association held at the University of Texas June 9-11, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18575057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575057" title="Serbs in Slovenia">
Serbs in Slovenia

Serbs in Slovenia are, by large, first or second generation immigrants from other republics of former Yugoslavia. In the 2002 census, 38,964 people of Slovenia declared themselves of Serb ethnicity, which corresponds to 1.98% of the total population, making them the second largest ethnic group in the country, after the Slovenes.
History.
Apart from the immigrant community that makes up the vast majority of Serbs in Slovenia, there are a few villages in the southern region of White Carniola inhabited by descendants of Serbs that fled from the Ottoman Empire in the 16th century, beginning in 1528 and permanent by 1593. These immigrant communities formed settlements, in which the descendants of Serbs live to these days: Bojanci, Marindol, Paunoviči, Adlešiči, Žuniči, and others. In Bojanci, the Serbs trace their origin to the families of Vrlinići (Sv. Đurđe), Radojčići (Sv. Nikola) and Kordići (Sv. Lazar). The majority of them have kept the Serbian Orthodox faith and their distinctive culture, although they have been almost completely assimilated to their Slovene-speaking environment. Some of them have converted to the Eastern Catholic faith in the 17th and 18th century. 
As is said above, vast majority of the Serbs in Slovenia are first or second generation settlers from other republics of former Yugoslavia, mostly from Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia, but also from Croatia and Montenegro. After World War II, many Serbs employed in the Yugoslav People's Army were stationed in the Socialist Republic of Slovenia with their families. In the period of 1971-1981, many ethnic Serbs migrated from Bosnia and Herzegovina to pursue better careers and economical benefits in Slovenia. Before 1991, many Serbs registered as Yugoslavs, and many still prefer referring to their mother language as Serbo-Croatian rather than Serbian. In the last years, many Serbs from Montenegro started referring to themselves as Montenegrians. It also has to be noted that in the last census in 2002, more than 10% of all Slovenian population decided not to answer the question regarding their ethnic affiliation. All these elements make the estimate of the overall number of Serbs in Slovenia difficult.
Demographics.
Most of Serbs in Slovenia are concentrated in larger urban areas, especially in Ljubljana and Jesenice. The table shows the year and number and percentage of Serbs in Slovenia after World War II, according to the official censuses.
Culture.
Language.
Most Serbs in Slovenia use Slovene as their language of communication, since only 4,300 people in Slovenia declared that they use only Serbian language at home, while about 15,000 declared they use both languages at home. However more than 31,000 people declared their mother tongue as Serbian (and another 36,000 as Serbo-Croatian).
Religion.
The majority of Serbs in Slovenia are Serbian Orthodox Christian. There is also a substantial number of atheists and agnostics.
Notable people.
Notable Slovenes of Serb descent include:

</doc>
<doc id="18575074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575074" title="Manuel Cepeda Vargas">
Manuel Cepeda Vargas

Manuel Cepeda Vargas (13 April 1930 — 9 August 1994) was a lawyer and Senator of Colombia, gunned down in Bogotá on 9 August 1994 as part of a bloody repression of the Patriotic Union. A Communist party politician, he had been a Member of the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia from 1992 to 1994, and had served a sentence in prison because of his political ideology, charged for revolutionary activity.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Manuel Cepeda Vargas was born April 13, 1930, in Armenia, department of Quindío. While studying at the Universidad del Cauca, he joined the Colombian Communist Party in 1952.
Career.
In 1958, at the VIII Congress of the Colombian Communist Party, he was elected to the party's Central Executive Committee. He was put in charge of rebuilding the Colombian Communist youth, JUCO, and was made that group's general secretary. In his work with JUCO, he worked with Jaime Bateman Cayón, Hernando González Acosta, Yira Castro (his future wife), Loyal Brown Jaime and Miller Chacón.
Cepeda Vargas was jailed for revolutionary activity in 1964. While imprisoned in La Modelo, he wrote the poetry book "Vencerás Marquetalia" ("You will overcome Marquetalia"), a tribute to the Marquetalia Republic.
He was a columnist for the weekly "Proletarian Voice" (later known as the "Weekly Voice"), which he later directed. The paper continuously denounced the bloody repression of the Colombian Communist Party (PCC), National Union of Opposition (UNO) and the Patriotic Union (UP).
Cepeda Vargas was named Secretary General of the Colombian Communist Party in 1992, succeeding Álvaro Vásquez. He was elected to the senate on the Patriotic Union ticket.
Marriage and children.
He married Yira Castro in 1960. (She died in 1981.) The couple had two children: Iván Cepeda Castro and María Cepeda Castro.
Death and afterward.
Manuel Cepeda Vargas was assassinated in the streets of Bogotá on August 9, 1994.
A school in Bogotá and a Western Bloc of the FARC-EP front are named in his honor, although his son Iván Cepeda Castro has repudiated the use of his father's name on the part of FARC and has repeatedly condemned the actions of that guerrilla, reiterated who “a right and democratic society, like which it loved my father, is not constructed to end of indiscriminate attacks against the civil populace ".

</doc>
<doc id="18575084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575084" title="Joel Johansson">
Joel Johansson

Joel Johansson (born 16 January 1986 in Halmstad) is a Swedish footballer who plays for GAIS as a striker.
Career.
Starting his career for Knäreds IK, he moved at the age of 14 to Halmstads BK, he played for the youth team until 2004 and in 2005 he played his first game for the senior team. Following the hard competition for a place in the starting lineup he left Halmstads BK during the summer transfer window for Falkenbergs FF. The 2008 season became a successful year for both Falkenbergs FF and Joel Johansson, as the club reached its highest position ever in Superettan, ending up at 6th place, this much due to Johanssons success in scoring goals, during the season he scored 16 goals in 28 matches, becoming third highest goalscorer in the season. The success in the 2008 season did not go unnoticed as several clubs showed interest in signing him, ending with him returning to Allsvenskan as he signd for IF Elfsborg. However yet again having problem with reaching the starting lineup he was loaned to Allsvenska rivals GAIS in 2010 until the start of the 2010 FIFA World Cup, performing well GAIS decided to extend the loan until the end of the 2010 season.
On 29 July 2011 Halmstads BK announced that Joel Johansson would return to the club on loan from Elfsborg for the duration of the 2011 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18575117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575117" title="Lermontov (disambiguation)">
Lermontov (disambiguation)

Mikhail Lermontov (1814–1841), was a Russian poet.
Lermontov may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18575125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575125" title="Joseph Wheeler (disambiguation)">
Joseph Wheeler (disambiguation)

Joseph Wheeler may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18575126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575126" title="Congregation Beth Israel Abraham Voliner">
Congregation Beth Israel Abraham Voliner

Congregation Beth Israel Abraham Voliner is an Orthodox Jewish congregation in Overland Park, in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. Formally established as "Tefereth Israel" in Kansas City, Missouri in 1894, by 1960 it had moved several times, and merged with three other congregations, taking on its current name. Responding to demographic shifts in Kansas City's Orthodox community, it opened a branch in Overland Park in 1987, and in 1994 it moved to its current location there at 9900 Antioch Road.
Morey Schwartz was the congregation's rabbi from 1991 to 2000, Ari Perl served from 2000 through 2003, and David S. Fine served from 2003 through 2008. Beth Israel Abraham Voliner was the only Orthodox synagogue in Kansas City. it was the only Orthodox synagogue in the State of Kansas, and the rabbi was Daniel Rockoff.
19th and 20th centuries.
Congregation Beth Israel Abraham Voliner (also Congregation Beth Israel Abraham & Voliner or Congregation Beth Israel Abraham and Voliner or BIAV) was established in Kansas City, Missouri as the Tefereth Israel (or Tiferes Israel ) (Hebrew for "Splendor of Israel") Congregation in 1894. It grew out of a prayer group called "Etz Chaim" (Hebrew for "Tree of Life"), which began gathering for "minyan"s (prayer quorums) in 1890. In 1905, it moved to a building at Admiral Boulevard and Tracy, and later merged with Beth Abraham and Beth Hamedrash Hagadol congregations. In 1918, the rabbi was S.M. Bayarksy. The congregation moved to a building at 83rd and Holmes in 1959, and in 1960 merged with Voliner Anshei Sefard, when it took on its current name.
As Kansas City's Orthodox community moved from Missouri to Kansas, Beth Israel Abraham Voliner followed. In 1987 it opened a branch in Overland Park, and in 1994 it moved to its current location there at 9900 Antioch Road, the former Overland Park Baptist Temple. The move attracted younger families, "and more Bar and Bat Mitzvahs were held in 1999 than in the entire previous decade."
Morey Schwartz served as the congregation's rabbi from 1991 until 2000, when he and his family moved to Israel. In the summer of 1997 he set up Kansas City's first "kollel", a post-graduate institute for advanced studies of the Talmud and of rabbinic literature for Jewish men; it closed in 2005 due to a lack of funds.
21st century.
Schwartz was succeeded by Ari Perl, who served until 2003. Perl had received his "semicha" (rabbinic ordination) from Yeshiva University's Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary, and had previously served as Assistant Rabbi at Congregation Ahavath Torah in Englewood, New Jersey. While serving as rabbi of Beth Israel Abraham Voliner, Perl also served as a legal decisor for the kosher supervision body, "eruv", ritual bath, and burial society.
David S. Fine served as rabbi from 2003 until mid-2008, when he moved to Israel. During this period he also served on the executive board of the Rabbinical Council of America, a member of the Chicago Rabbinical Council, and was Midwest Regional President of "Amcha - The Coalition for Jewish Concerns".
Fine brought the Synaplex national synagogue revitalization program to Beth Israel Abraham Voliner in 2005; out of 100 congregations that initially adopted the program, only two, including Beth Israel Abraham Voliner, were Orthodox. In 2007 the synagogue won a $20,000 grant from the Orthodox Union to help the congregation's outreach programs aimed at "young families, singles, and other unaffiliated Jews". Beth Israel Abraham Voliner's proposal was "based on four prongs, or suppositions: the lack of Jewish knowledge among the unaffiliated; the loneliness of young mothers after childbirth; lack of time to become involved by busy professionals; and need for lay leadership training."
Daniel Rockoff became Beth Israel Abraham Voliner's rabbi in September 2008. A native of Newton, Massachusetts, and a graduate of Maimonides School, he received his rabbinic ordination from Yeshiva University's Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary. Prior to serving at Beth Israel Abraham Voliner, Rockoff was the assistant rabbi at Congregation Ahawas Achim B'nai Jacob and David in West Orange, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="18575129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575129" title="AMuse (software)">
AMuse (software)

AMuse is a freeware music collection manager for AmigaOS4 that includes Last.fm client functionality . AMuse supports submissions of locally played music, listening to Last.fm similar artists and user library, scrobbling of tracks. AMuse's graphical interface is written in AWNpipe, a handler that provides access to AmigaOS graphical objects, the main program is written in AREXX, Last.fm submissions, playlist retrieval and scrobbling is done by means of Python scripts. Playback is performed by TuneNet. AMuse is developed by Yakov Mindelis.

</doc>
<doc id="18575134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575134" title="Tamolanica tamolana">
Tamolanica tamolana

Tamolanica tamolana, common name New Guinea Shield Mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="18575140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575140" title="Voskresenovka">
Voskresenovka

Voskresenovka () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="18575147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575147" title="Temple Beth Israel (Bergen County, New Jersey)">
Temple Beth Israel (Bergen County, New Jersey)

Temple Beth Israel (or Reconstructionist Temple Beth Israel of Bergen County) is a Reconstructionist synagogue located at 34 West Magnolia Avenue in Maywood, New Jersey. It is the only synagogue in Maywood, and the only Reconstructionist synagogue in the region, with a membership drawn from 22 communities.
Established in 1928, the congregation moved to its current location, a former church, in 1931. The building it purchased was the former Maywood Christian Association Church, constructed in 1901. Built in the Shingle style, the structure combined both stone and shingles. It also included "Gothic Revival features, such as tracery windows". The congregation added an extension to the building in 1952 which included meeting and school rooms, and an additional sanctuary. The sanctuary is decorated with the Hebrew dictum "Know before Whom you stand for You are with Me", adapted from "Berakhot" 28b.
Originally Conservative, in the 1990s Beth Israel was faced with declining membership and a building that needed significant capital investment. To help address these issues the membership decided to move to the Reconstructionist movement in 1997. By 2001 the congregation had 65 member families.
In the 2000s the congregation realized that of its six Torah scrolls, two were not kosher, and the rest needed repair. They decided to give away the non-kosher ones, repair and sell one of the kosher scrolls, and use the proceeds to fix the remaining three.
Though too small to support a full-time rabbi, Beth Israel has had several part-time rabbis in the 2000s, who are generally at the synagogue two weekends a month. These have included Michael Rothbaum, who was succeeded by Michal Woll (a former biomedical engineer, a mechanical engineer, and physical therapist) in 2006. Woll was succeeded in turn by Jarah Greenfield in 2007.
Beth Israel participates in the "High Holiday Open Seats Campaign", a New York and New Jersey program of Reconstructionist synagogues "which connects people to congregations with extra space on the High Holidays." , the rabbi was Greenfield and the cantor was Lois Kittner.

</doc>
<doc id="18575165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575165" title="Mokena – Front Street (Metra station)">
Mokena – Front Street (Metra station)

Mokena - Front Street is one of two commuter rail stations along Metra's Rock Island District line in Mokena, Illinois. The station is located on Front Street and Mokena Street east of Wolf Road, and is away from LaSalle Street, the northern terminus of the line. In Metra's fare-based system, Front Street Station is in zone F.
Unlike the Hickory Creek Station to the east, Mokena's Front Street Station has a waiting room "and" a ticket agency window. Parking is available on Front Street between Wolf Road and Mokena Street, as well as on the northwest corner of McGovney Street and Mokena Street. Additional parking can be found further northwest on Willow Crest Lane off of Wolf Road, and at the Village Hall to the northeast on the corners of Division, Third, and Carpenter Streets. Currently, no bus connections are available at the station.
Tracks.
There are two tracks at this station. On weekdays between 5 am and 2 pm trains from Chicago run on track 2 and trains to Chicago run on track 1. After 2 pm trains from Chicago run on track 1 and trains to Chicago run on track 2. On weekends all trains run on track 1, unless announced otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="18575174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575174" title="My Life (Game song)">
My Life (Game song)

"My Life" is the third single from The Game's third studio album, "LAX" which was released on July 22, 2008. The song, produced by Cool & Dre, features Lil Wayne.
Background.
Recording.
Producers Cool & Dre have released a video documenting how they created the beat.
The Game spoke on his working with Lil Wayne stating:
Samples.
Lil Wayne re-sings sections of "So Tired", a song by Birdman in which Wayne is featured. Game tried to make this song have the same instruments of Eminem's song "Stan" of the album "Marshall Mathers LP" (2000). Also at the beginning of the second verse, The Game samples a twice used Lil Wayne line from the remix of "Party Like a Rockstar", and "Phone Home", from "Tha Carter III" (2008):
Although multiple samples were used for the song, the album credits only list the sample of "So Tired".
Release.
The song started to receive airplay on July 22, 2008, but was leaked in early July. As of early August 2008 the song was released for download on iTunes.
Music video.
The video which was filmed on July 23, 2008, was directed by Bryan Barber, and premiered on "FNMTV" on August 15, 2008. The setting takes place mostly within a graveyard and other areas in and around Compton and features Lil Wayne, with appearances by Xzibit, Birdman, Cool & Dre, and Young Buck, with references to the deceased Sean Bell. The video also makes references to the gang the Bloods Also in the video is a reference to the "Beats by Dr. Dre" headphones made by Monster. In the video The Game also wears a shirt that reads "Hip Hop Broke My Heart", which, in an interview with website HipHopDX.com, he stated, among other things,
Build up.
In addition to the controversy surrounding the supposed "diss" to Eminem and deceased rapper Proof, on August 1, 2008, DJ Skee released a behind-the-scenes video on his official "SkeeTV" YouTube account. The video has many people speaking to the camera including director Bryan Barber speaking on different subjects within the video. Young Buck is seen speaking about his label, Cashville Records, and artists signed to the label such as the Outlawz, and C-Bo. Also on "SkeeTV", a trailer was released to promote the video, on August 14, the day before the video was officially released.
Chart positions.
"My Life" was released was first released on iTunes in North America for digital downloads. In the United States, it debuted at #21 on the Billboard Hot 100 making it The Game's highest debut on the chart. It also debuted at #32 on the Pop 100 which was also based on downloads. In Canada it debuted #42 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart the same week also based on downloads as well. On the British Singles Chart it peaked at #34.
Cover versions.
This song was covered by the Swedish band jj on their 2010 album jj no. 3.
There's a remix with French rapper La Fouine singing Lil Wayne's bits. Lupe Fiasco's Audubon Ballroom features a slightly uptempo sample of My Life. 
Controversy.
When "My Life" was first leaked, many believed The Game was insulting Eminem. However, later on his website, Game denied these allegations, and apologized to anyone who might have misinterpreted what he had intended to say:
The exact lines which many understood as a diss were:
On the version used in the music video, the lyrics have been changed to:

</doc>
<doc id="18575211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575211" title="Pottinger (Australia)">
Pottinger (Australia)

Pottinger is a strategic and corporate advisory firm, which provides:
Pottinger has expertise across a wide range of industries, including infrastructure and utilities, energy and resources, property, technology, media and telecomms, and financial services. The firm competes primarily against the corporate advisory teams of global investment banks such as Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan and UBS, other M&A specialists such as Caliburn, Lazard and Gresham and the global consulting firms such as McKinsey and Boston Consulting Group.
The company was founded by Nigel Lake and Cassandra Kelly in 2003 and has its headquarters in Sydney, Australia.
The Glass Elevator initiative.
In early 2012, Pottinger launched the Glass Elevator initiative, to support the development of greater diversity in the workforce. The initiative is designed to provide mentoring for mid to senior ranking female executives in major corporations, as well as engagement with some of Australia's most successful business leaders. 
The Glass Elevator names reflects the need for active organisational support from large organisations to ensure that problems associated with or evidenced by glass ceilings can be better addressed over time.

</doc>
<doc id="18575212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575212" title="Shirvan (disambiguation)">
Shirvan (disambiguation)

Shirvan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18575218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575218" title="USS Cornel (AN-45)">
USS Cornel (AN-45)

USS "Cornel" (AN-45/YN-64) was an which served with the U.S. Navy in the South Pacific Ocean theatre of operations during World War II. Her career was without major incident, and she returned home safely after the war.
Launched in Washington.
"Cornel" (AN-45) was launched 21 April 1944 by Everett Pacific Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company, Everett, Washington, under a Maritime Commission contract; sponsored by Mrs. P. Pigott; and commissioned 6 June 1944, Lieutenant Commander J. F. Eddy, USNR, in command.
World War II service.
"Cornel" sailed in convoy from San Pedro, California, 6 August 1944 for Eniwetok, arriving 15 September. On 9 October she reported at Ulithi to maintain nets, and except for short periods at Peleliu, in the Palau Islands, "Cornel" remained at Ulithi tending nets until the end of the war, then dismantling and salvaging them. She cleared Ulithi 17 October 1945 and arrived at San Pedro, California, 29 November.
Post-war decommissioning.
"Cornel" remained at San Pedro until decommissioned 15 February 1946. She was returned to the U.S. Maritime Commission for disposal 29 January 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="18575222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575222" title="Sydney Seaplanes">
Sydney Seaplanes

Sydney Seaplanes is a small airline operating from Sydney Harbour's Rose Bay. Rose Bay is one of the world's oldest flying boat bases and when flights began from Rose Bay to Southampton, England in 1938 became Australia's first international airport. 
Sydney Seaplanes operates 3 de Havilland Beaver float planes and 1 Cessna Caravan C208 Amphibian. In 2007 and 2009 Sydney Seaplanes won Best Tour and Transport Operator at the New South Wales Tourism Awards and the same year won The Australian Newspaper Best Innovative Tourism Experience. In 2009, Sydney Seaplanes went on to win the National Tourism Awards in the Tour and/or Transport Operator Category, regarded as the most coveted tourism awards in Australia.
In June 2008 Sydney Seaplanes began scheduled services between Rose Bay and Newcastle Harbour, currently operating 4 flights per day, Australia's only scheduled seaplane service. 
Sydney Seaplanes aircraft have a distinctive livery of red tails with the Southern Cross Stars and a stylised Opera House symbol on the fuselage. 

</doc>
<doc id="18575238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575238" title="Fort William (Kentucky)">
Fort William (Kentucky)

Fort William was a pioneer fort in Kentucky established in 1785 by Colonel William Christian and Anne Christian. William Christian directed the defense of what is now Louisville from attacks by the Indians. The fort was in the area of Jefferson County near St. Matthews and Lyndon. Although the historical marker for Fort William is located in front of the Eight Mile House, an early stone house
and tavern, the location of the fort was actually southwest of the Eight Mile House. Fort William was another name for A'Sturgus Station built in 1779 on the Middle fork of Beargrass Creek. After Christian's death in 1786, his wife, Anne, began to refer to the site as Fort William. Anne Christian was a sister of Patrick Henry. The land acquired by the Christians was payment for his service during the Seven Years' War. They moved into the area with children and slaves. After William Christian's death, Anne moved to Mercer County. However, she was ill and traveled to the West Indies in hopes it would improve her health. In 1790, she died either on the return trip from Antigua or the day after arriving in Norfolk, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18575243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575243" title="Empusa pennata">
Empusa pennata

Empusa pennata, common names conehead mantis in English and "mantis palo" in Spanish, is a species of praying mantis in genus "Empusa". It can be found in Spain and parts of Portugal, France, Lebanon,Central and Southern Italy and Greece.
General Information.
"Empusa pennata" generally has large and thin body along with a great flying apparatus by their pair of wings and light body mass. Also, they are mostly found in perennial herbs and scrubs. There are three ways for insects to find mates: chemical, acoustic, and visual signals. Cryptic coloration is significant to some predatory insects like Mantids, which is used to protect themselves from predators and to capture their prey.
Nocturnal pheromone release.
However, insects that depend on vision will hinder to find their mate because they will be undetectable to each other. Therefore, as an alternative way to find mates, sex pheromone is used. The releasing of sex pheromone by "Empusa pennata" is an adaption derived from sexual selection.
Feeding ecology.
Mantids stalk their prey and pounce on it, grasping it with their raptorial forelegs. Only living prey is selected and it is consumed directly after the catch. The predator orients itself optically, and therefore only takes notice of moving prey. The maximum size of prey which mantids can overwhelm is species-specific and depends on the prey type. On average mantids eat crickets of 50% their own body weight while cockroaches can weigh up to 110%

</doc>
<doc id="18575245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575245" title="Centre for Polar Observation &amp; Modelling">
Centre for Polar Observation &amp; Modelling

The Centre for Polar Observation & Modelling (CPOM) is a centre for research into polar region processes which may affect: polar atmosphere and ocean circulation; the Earth's albedo; and global sea levels. It is funded by the Natural Environment Research Council, a UK Research Council.
CPOM comprises research groups from 3 Universities: University College London, University of Bristol, and University of Edinburgh.
In 2006, research carried out by CPOM resulted in the press report "Secret rivers found in Antarctic". The survey used the European Space Agency's ERS-2 satellite radar to measure a region in East Antarctica with some of the oldest, thickest ice on the continent. The survey revealed synchronous changes in ice surface height (both rise and falls) at locations hundreds of kilometres apart. According to CPOM Director, Duncan Wingham, the only conceivable mechanism for the observations was the movement of water.

</doc>
<doc id="18575247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575247" title="Palestinian law">
Palestinian law

Palestinian law is the rule of law within the territory administered by the Palestinian National Authority pursuant to the Oslo Accords. It has an unusually unsettled status, as of 2013, due to the complex legal history of the area, the overlapping jurisdictions, and the lawlessness and high crime rate in those areas. Palestinian law includes many of the legal regimes and precepts used in Palestinian ruled territory and administered by the Palestinian Authority (West Bank areas A and B) and Hamas (Gaza Strip), which is not an independent nation-state.
The scope of this article is to explain the legal history, context and development of law, the current fields of study of law in Palestinian ruled territory, as well as the state of lawlessness in those territories. It is also to discuss the domestic and international positions on which set of laws are controlling in Palestinian ruled territory today.
Terminology.
Due to the changing usages of the terms "Palestine" and "Palestinian" throughout history, the term may also be associated with regimes that are not associated with the Palestinian law of today. Examples include the discussion (in a reference work dating from 1906) of the Talmudic interpretation of laws from Palestine before 70 C.E., also known as Halakha: "Those of the laws of Palestine that were extended after the Exile were originally enacted for the purpose of protecting the judicial administration and economic interests of Palestine, and with a view to encourage settlement there." Such references to ancient Palestinian law do not apply to the Palestinian legal situation since at least 1948.
Jurisdictional background.
Essentially, says one legal scholar, "the legal system in 'Palestine' consists of layer upon layer of law that almost all remain in effect." The major issue is the:
The laws that applied come from many jurisdictions through history: "Customary Law ... Ottoman Law ... British Law ... Jordanian Law ... Egyptian Law ... Israeli" law and even the informal strictures of the , and finally, the Palestinian National Authority's Basic law.
Basic Law.
The "Basic law", established in 2002, is the proposed constitution of a future Palestinian state. According to one report, "Palestinians had been requesting that the law be signed into effect since 1997, in order to formally guarantee a modicum of basic rights." It was enacted by the PLC (the Legislature of PNA) and signed by Yasser Arafat. It was amended on March 19, 2003 "to allow the creation of the Prime Minister Position in the Palestinian National Authority..."
The Basic Law is based loosely on Shari'a:
The Basic Law is introduced with "In The Name of God, The Merciful, The Compassionate," as are most documents in Islamic countries.
Articles of the Basic Law.
With 121 articles, it is more akin to a state constitution in comprehensiveness, detail and length.
The "bill of rights" Articles of the Basic Law, as amended March 19, 2003, cover the following topics:
Statutes and legislation.
There is some confusion amongst jurists, scholars and laymen about exactly what legal regime exists, and which laws apply, in Palestinian ruled territory.
Mahdi Abdul Hadi, a legal scholar, believes that all prior and current law continues to apply in the Palestinian territories, including "the British Mandate laws, the Jordanian laws that used to govern the West Bank before 1967 and the Egyptian law that governed Gaza Strip before 1967, in addition to the Israeli military orders." According to Abdul Hadi, the first step was the organization of "Palestinian civil society", that is, a traditional law, "then came the Madrid Conference and the Oslo Accords which drafted laws to govern the Palestinian political life for the interim period." Following that, "the general elections in 1996 ... brought about the Palestinian Legislative Council as the legislative body of the Palestinian people in the Palestinian lands."
According to Wadi Fouad Muhaisen, another legal scholar, Ottoman law has governed Palestine since 1517, and the Land Code is still in force. The Ottoman statutory "codification mirrored Islamic law but also incorporated elements of European law, especially the law of France."
Judicial and customary law.
Islamic customary law applies in Palestinian ruled territory:
The term urf, meaning "to know", refers to the customs and practices of a given society. Although this was not formally included in Islamic law, the Sharia recognizes customs that prevailed at the time of Muhammad but were not abrogated by the Qur'an or the tradition (this is called "Divine silence"). Practices later innovated are also justified, since Islamic tradition says what the people, in general, consider good is also considered as such by God. Urf is the Islamic equivalent of "common law".
In the application of urf, custom that is accepted into law should be commonly prevalent in the region, not merely in an isolated locality; jurists also tend, with caution, to give precedence to custom over doctoral opinions of highly esteemed scholars.
Criminal law.
For the most part, crimes and violent acts are considered crimes of violence and fall under the purview of the criminal justice system. The Palestinian Authority operates under its own criminal law, such as its Penal Code. In addition, "the Palestinian Authority also imposes the death penalty pursuant to the PLO Revolutionary Penal Code, of 1979." The PNA utilizes both military and special, state security courts for most death penalty cases.
Civil law.
Civil law used the customary law in Palestine: ""Urf" covered disputes such as contracts, family disputes, personal injury, and land matters."
Participatory justice.
Through the use of "urf", Palestinians use alternative dispute resolution, specifically forms of participatory justice: "This system stressed conciliation, mediation, and family honour."
Palestinian Land Law.
The Palestinian Land Law is a law that prohibits Palestinians from selling land to citizens of Israel. The punishment for violators is the death penalty.

</doc>
<doc id="18575266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575266" title="Terminal cisternae">
Terminal cisternae

Terminal cisternae are enlarged areas of the sarcoplasmic reticulum surrounding the transverse tubules. These discrete regions within the muscle cell store calcium (increasing the capacity of the sarcoplasmic reticulum to release calcium) and release it when an action potential courses down the transverse tubules, eliciting muscle contraction. Because terminal cisternae ensure rapid calcium delivery, they are well developed in muscles that contract quickly, such as fast twitch skeletal muscle. Terminal cisterns then go on to release calcium, which binds to troponin. This releases tropomyosin exposing active sites of the thin filament, actin.
Cardiac muscle has no terminal cisternae, while skeletal muscle does. 
</ref>(Human Anatomy, 3rd Ed. McKinley & O'Loughlin).

</doc>
<doc id="18575311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575311" title="Butlers café">
Butlers café

History.
The cafe was opened in mid-2006 by Yuki Hirohata, when she said she "came up with the idea during her previous job as an office worker as a way of escaping her workaholic world." Maid cafes have been a staple of otaku culture in Japan since they first sprouted in Akihabara, Tokyo's electronic and anime goods shopping center around 2000. These, and other theme cafes of similar nature have become increasingly popular in Japan and more recently in other countries throughout the world. Since opening, the cafe has attracted over 2,000 frequent customers and has appeared in several publications and media articles. In July 2008 it was featured in a story by CNN which focussed on the social aspect of Japanese society as to why such a cafe is something that Japanese women have been searching for.
Concept.
The concept behind the cafe, Hirohata says, came to her after interviewing "over 200 women" who all told her that Japanese women "want a cafe where the waiters were male, good-looking, will treat them nice, but most importantly were Western." The cafe claims to be a place of "healing" for women at an affordable price, in which Japanese girls are provided a "safe setting" to interact with foreign men. The cafe attempts to create an atmosphere reminiscent of a western fairy tale. The butlers treat the customers in a cordial manner by opening doors, taking coats and pulling out chairs, and tiaras are even presented with their meal. The butlers, down on bended knee, play games and, when desired, engage in English conversation as entertainment for the "princesses." A "lift me up photo" is even on the menu in which the customer can be lifted by the butler of her choice for a picture they later print out. Western-style fantasies have long been popular in Japan, an example being the large success of the Tokyo Disneyland and Tokyo DisneySea theme parks since they opened in 1983 and 2001. The butlers are foreign males, often in their 20's and ideally "cute, cheerful and sweet."

</doc>
<doc id="18575316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575316" title="Kristoffer Fagercrantz">
Kristoffer Fagercrantz

Kristoffer Fagercrantz (born 9 October 1986) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Halmstads BK as a midfielder.
Career.
Starting his career in IF Centern he moved to Halmstads BK in 2004, at the age of 17, he spent only 1 year with the youth team and in 2005 he played his first match in Allsvenskan. In February 2006 he damaged the Meniscus, however the operation went well. During the autumn of 2006 he was loan to Laholms FK and in 2007 he went on loan to Falkenbergs FF which he was later sold to for an undisclosed fee. Fagercrantz stayed with Falkenberg until the end of the 2009 season when he decided he wanted to move forward with his career and signed for league rivals Jönköpings Södra. His time in Jönköping didn't go unnoticed and he attracted the attention of Kalmar FF and after the end of the 2010 season he left Jönköping for Kalmar, however limited playing time in Kalmar made both the club and Fagercrantz look for suitable options and in August 2012 he was loaned back to Halmstads BK.

</doc>
<doc id="18575370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575370" title="Japan National Route 492">
Japan National Route 492

National Route 492 is a national highway of Japan connecting between Takamatsu, Kagawa and Ōtoyo, Kōchi in Japan, with total length has 166.9 km (103.79 mi).

</doc>
<doc id="18575375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575375" title="Mokena – Hickory Creek (Metra station)">
Mokena – Hickory Creek (Metra station)

Mokena - Hickory Creek is one of two commuter rail stations along Metra's Rock Island District line in Mokena, Illinois. The station is located at 9430 Hickory Creek Drive east of a former section of US 45, near Exit 145A on Interstate 80, which is the current southbound exit to US 45. It is away from LaSalle Street, the northern terminus of the line. In Metra's fare-based system, Hickory Creek Station is in zone F.
Hickory Creek Station was built in 1993, and is a fully enclosed brick-faced shelter with no ticket agents. Parking is available in front of the station on Hickory Creek Drive. Currently, no bus connections are available at the station.
Tracks.
There are 2 tracks at this station. On weekdays between 5a-2p trains from Chicago run on track 2 and trains to Chicago run on track 1. After 2p trains from Chicago run on track 1 and trains to Chicago run on track 2. On weekends all trains run on track 1, unless announced otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="18575384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575384" title="Henri Daniel Rathgeber">
Henri Daniel Rathgeber

Henri Daniel Rathgeber (11 June 1908– July 1995) was an Australian physicist who studied cosmic rays but considered his most important contribution to be an economic theory that explain how entropy causes unemployment.
Rathgeber was born in Paris, Montmartre on 11 June 1908. His father, Daniel Rathgeber was German, working for Robert Bosch GmbH, and his mother Hortense Desmousseaux was French. Just before the outbreak of first world war, he moved to Bad Dürkheim with his French mother, while his father served in the German army. From 1919-1924 he lived in Geneva, Switzerland and went to school at the College. In 1934 he completed an undergraduate degree at the Technische Hochschule in Stuttgart and in 1938 completed his doctorate in physics. During this period the physics department was very active at the Technische Hochschule, with teachers such as Erwin Schrödinger, Erich Regener and Paul Peter Ewald.
Rathgeber played an important part in Erich Regener's balloon experiments, as he was the only student at that time who owned a car, and was therefore asked to collect the balloons and measuring apparatus, which could travel up to a distance of 200 km from Stuttgart. Professor Erich Regener's family lived in an apartment directly above the physics lecture room, and Rathgeber was struck by a tall, elegant young woman who would often be seen using the staircase. This was Erich Regener's daughter, Erika, who Rathgeber married on the 2 August 1932.
Rathgeber was heavily influenced by the economic ideas of Silvio Gesell which were popular in Germany at the time. In 1938 Rathgeber emigrated to Melbourne, Australia with his wife and two children to take up a position with Pyrox Pty Ltd developing gas water heaters and diesel injection pumps and nozzles. During the war he worked as a part time research physicist with the Optical Munitions Panel. In 1940 he obtained the Thomas Lyle fellowship in physics at the University of Melbourne. In 1952 he shared the David Syme Research Prize and was asked by Harry Messel to take up a position as a reader at the University of Sydney.
Rathgeber retired in 1973 and in retirement returned to his earlier interest in economics and its connection with physics and in particular entropy and control system design. In 1974 he developed a theory explaining how random noise in the form of an error rate, as defined in Claude Shannon's information theory causes an inverse linear relationship between unemployment and inflation, but at the time such ideas were not taken seriously. Rathgeber continued to write various unpublished papers about his theory. He died in Sydney in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18575392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575392" title="Ira Gollobin">
Ira Gollobin

Ira Gollobin (July 18, 1911 – April 4, 2008) was a renowned civil rights and immigration attorney who was involved for over seven decades in many high profile civil liberties, immigration, and extradition cases. Gollobin wrote extensively on the civil liberties and civil rights of both the native- and foreign-born. He left a legacy of principled advocacy. Gollobin was born in Newark, New Jersey to first generation immigration parents from Czechoslovakia and the Ukraine, who had arrived as infants to the United States in 1885 [http://familytreemaker.genealogy.com/users/l/u/b/Susan-L-Lubow/GENE10-0012.html].
Gollobin attended the City College of City University of New York (CCNY) in the late 1920s and 1930s where he developed two lifelong interests: Latin and law, and was greatly influenced by one of his professors, the eminent Morris Raphael Cohen. While at CCNY he enrolled in Fordham Law School where he received his LL.B. degree and passed the New York Bar Examination in June 1933. Ira Gollobin was a founding member of the National Lawyers Guild (1937)where he was a strong force behind their earliest immigration work. He served first as associate counsel from 1936-1966 for the American Committee for the Protection of Foreign Born (ACPFB) and then as General Counsel from 1967-1982 where his approach to immigration issues had both legal and political dimensions. In 1938, Gollobin met Carol Weiss King, another founding member of the National Lawyers Guild and the lead lawyer for the ACPFB. He assisted the League of American Writers from 1937-1938 to successfully get a number of anti-Nazi German writers admitted to the United States and from 1938 through 1940 helped refugees from the Spanish Civil War. Gollobin was counsel to the Transport Workers Union of America (1939–1940) thereby securing citizenship for almost 1,500 subway workers. He continued citizenship matters for the Greater New York Industrial Union Council (CIO) from 1940-1942. Drafted into the U.S. Army in November, 1942 as a Staff Sergeant, Ira Gollobin was assigned to the Judge Advocate General Staff Section in the Philippines. In January 1946 he was one of the principal organizers of a GI demobilization demonstration movement in Manila, and was honorably discharged in March, 1946. [Nature, Society and Thought, vol. 15, no. 1, 2002, pp. 5–39 by Erwin Marquit. Gollobin used the pseudonym John David. http://www.jstor.org/pss/3022995
In 1946, Gollobin represented the National Lawyers Guild-NYC Chapter at the United Nations (1946) and took courses in International Law taught at Columbia Law School by Professor Philip Jessup who went onto serve at the State Department and sit on the International Court of Justice at the Hague. In the late 1940s until 1966, Gollobin’s practice expanded as the need for legal representation for citizens and non-citizens alike called before the House Un-American Activities Committee (HUAC; HUAC) and the Senate International Security Committee. In 1960 Gollobin devised a strategy which turned the tables with HUAC as evident in the hearings in April 1964 in Buffalo, NY where witnesses skillfully and relentlessly challenged the legitimacy of the Committee (Pam Sporn). In 1964 Gollobin fought for 16 years (1951–1967), all the way to the Supreme Court of the United States, before victory was achieved in "Hong Hai Chew v. Colding" [344 U.S. 590, 595 (1953). Gollobin’s work with progressive organizations continued throughout the McCarthy period, and his interest in Asia, which dated from his years in the Philippines, impelled him to edit and write for the Far East Reporter from 1953-1986. He served on the board of the Center for Human Rights and Constitutional Law for 25 years (and was a founder of The National Coalition for Haitian Rights. ([http://jmcstrategies.com/2008/06/22/in-memoriam-ira-gollobin-a-haitian-refugees-best-friend-since-1971/ Starting in 1972, Gollobin began working with the thousands of Haitian refugees fleeing “Baby Doc” Duvalier’s brutal regime, and also collaborated with Father Antoine Adrien and Anthony Cardinal Bevilacqua in this effort. (
[http://www.newyorker.com/archive/1974/07/15/1974_07_15_023_TNY_CARDS_000310015].)
Ira Gollobin was appointed Managing Attorney to a Commission of Inquiry by the Haitian Fathers and the National Council of Churches where he organized successful judicial attacks for Haitian asylum seekers in "Haitian Refugee Center v. Smith" [676 F.2d 1023 (5th Cir. 1982). See also, "Harrisiades v. Shaughnessy". Gollobin testified before the United States Congress, reported to the Congressional Black Caucus, met with various bodies of the United Nations, secured support from legislators Bella Abzug and Shirley Chisholm and finally from President Jimmy Carter to grant the Haitians “entrant status.”
Gollobin’s commitment and contributions to two immigrant clients was the subject of a column in 1967 by the New York Post journalist James Wechsler. In recognition of his more than seven decades of legal work and lifelong commitment to social justice, particularly on behalf of the foreign born, Gollobin received numerous awards including from the National Council of Churches, the Center for Immigrants Rights, the American Immigration Lawyers Association (AILA; the National Lawyers Guild and a number of Haitian organizations. The brilliant attorney Ira Kurzban, author of "Kurzban’s Immigration Law Sourcebook," as well as the internationally renowned conductor of the Symphony of the United Nations, Joseph Eger ("Einstein’s Violin," Tarcher/Penguin, 2005) wrote about Gollobin too [http://gollobin.org/.
Writing.
Ira Gollobin was the author of his self-published "Dialectical Materialism: Its Laws, Categories and Practice" (Petras Press, 1986), "Winds of Change: An Immigration Lawyer's Perspective of Fifty Years" (1987), and numerous articles on immigration policy, dialectics, East Asia, and Marxist theory that appeared in such publications as The Nation, Immigration Journal, Migration World Magazine, Jewish Life, Jewish Currents, Science and Society, Cafeteria Call, Philippines Today, China and Us, World View, Rights and Guild Notes. Gollobin’s latest contribution, “Dialectics and Wisdom” was published in "Dialectics for the New Century" (ed. Bertell Ollman and Tony Smith, Palgrave MacMillian, 2008).
Personal.
Ira Gollobin was married to Esther Adler (January 16, 1943), until her untimely death on February 11, 1981 to cancer. She was the first woman president of a local of the United Office and Professional Workers in 1942, and played a major role in the U.S.-China Peoples Friendship Association, the first private citizens’ group to go to China in the wake of the Richard Nixon-Henry Kissinger trip in 1972. They had two daughters who grew up on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. He later married Ruth Axelbank Baharis, the one-time head of the Midwest ACPFB, on June 11, 1994; she died from complications of Alzheimer’s on February 17, 2008 Gollobin died on April 4 [http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9C07E4DA103AF930A25757C0A96E9C8B63&scp=1&sq=Ira%20GOLLOBIN&st=cse; besides his daughters he leaves three grandchildren along with the thousands of lives he touched.

</doc>
<doc id="18575416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575416" title="Big Beach">
Big Beach

"Big Beach" can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18575432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575432" title="Key (Son, Ambulance album)">
Key (Son, Ambulance album)

Key is the second full-length from Omaha, NE's Son, Ambulance.
It is the 71st release from Saddle Creek Records.
Personnel.
Musicians
Production
Artwork

</doc>
<doc id="18575442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575442" title="Marie-Étienne Nitot">
Marie-Étienne Nitot

Marie-Étienne Nitot (Paris, 2 April 1750–9 September 1809) was a French jeweller, official jeweller to the Emperor Napoleon, and founder of the House of Chaumet.
History.
Nitot's family was from Château-Thierry, he himself was born in Paris on 2 April 1750. He began in 1780 as an apprentice to Aubert, court jeweller to Queen Marie-Antoinette. He survived the French Revolution and, in 1802, was appointed jeweller to Emperor Napoleon.
With the help of his son Francois Regnault (1779–1853), Nitot created jewellery symbolising the pomp and power that Napoleon wished to convey. These include the wedding jewels of Josephine de Beauharnais and Marie Louise of Austria. Nitot also designed Napoleon's coronation crown, his ceremonial sword and many other court ornaments.
François Regnault Nitot took over from his father after his death in 1809 and continued to operate until the fall of the empire in 1815. Nitot then sold his business to his foreman, Jean-Baptiste Fossin (1786-1848).
Notable pieces by Nitot.
As official jeweller to Napoleon, Nitot made a number of significant pieces. He designed the Napoleon Tiara and the Imperial Sword.
The Leuchtenberg sapphire parure, now part of the Swedish royal family jewel foundation, is attributed to Nitot. The sapphires are thought to have been a wedding gift from Napoleon to his step-daughter. Princess Augusta of Bavaria, Duchess of Leuchtenberg and then passed to the Swedish royal family with Queen Josephine.

</doc>
<doc id="18575446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575446" title="Civil aviation">
Civil aviation

Civil aviation is one of two major categories of flying, representing all non-military aviation, both private and commercial. Most of the countries in the world are members of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) and work together to establish common standards and recommended practices for civil aviation through that agency.
Civil aviation includes two major categories:
Although scheduled air transport is the larger operation in terms of passenger numbers, GA is larger in the number of flights (and flight hours, in the U.S.) In the U.S., GA carries 166 million passengers each year, more than any individual airline, though less than all the airlines combined.
Some countries also make a regulatory distinction based on whether aircraft are flown for hire like:
All scheduled air transport is commercial, but general aviation can be either commercial or private. Normally, the pilot, aircraft, and operator must all be authorized to perform commercial operations through separate commercial licensing, registration, and operation certificates..
Civil aviation authorities.
The Convention on International Civil Aviation (the "Chicago Convention") was originally established in 1944; it states that signatories should collectively work to harmonize and standardize the use of airspace for safety, efficiency and regularity of air transport. Each signatory country, of which there are at least 188, has a civil aviation authority (such as the FAA in the United States) to oversee the following areas of civil aviation:

</doc>
<doc id="18575490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575490" title="Clint's Crazy Bargains">
Clint's Crazy Bargains

Clint's Crazy Bargains was established in November 1978, as a partnership between David and Kerry Rickards, and Norm and Sue O'Neill.
It was a retailer of discount variety merchandise including gifts, cosmetics, clothing, books, craft goods, hardware, stationery, toys, jewellery, kitchenware, caneware, haberdashery, manchester, small electrical goods, luggage and furniture.
The Business was initially a single store (Bankstown, NSW, Australia) and a market stall operation dealing primarily in distressed and surplus merchandise bought from public auction. A second store in Leichhardt (October 1980) followed by the move into substantially larger premises of in Bankstown (April 1981) saw the commencement of a serious attempt to build a new retail concept.
The St Marys store (July 1983), spectacularly successful in , became the prototype of the new "Discount Variety" or "Bargain Store". As the business evolved through wholesaling and new shop openings, techniques and policies changed constantly, but the theme of the "Bargain Store" remained. A diverse range of goods perceived to be cheap.
Throughout the early and mid 1980s, the principal product source continued to be distressed or opportunity merchandise. As stock needs increased the weakness of such a dependence emerged, low cost manufactured goods from South East Asia became the target. Volandu Pty Ltd was formed in October 1985 as an import company with the same ownership as Clints.
Wholesaling was commenced to increase purchasing power and credibility overseas. The continuing growth of Clints and similar chains in other states brought about fanatic import volume increases. From 100 containers in 1987 to over 3000 in 1995. The original 23 000 square foot warehouse was replaced by a 50 000 square feet warehouse in 1990, only to be replaced by a 215 000 square feet warehouse complex purchased in January 1992. Also in 1992, a warehouse in China was completed for the consolidation of goods for Clints and other Volandu customers. This facility allowed flexibility and control over a massive range of cheap products being produced in Southern China.
An additional distribution warehouse of 100 000 square feet was purchased in February 1995 in Footscay, Victoria, Australia, to service the then growing number of Victorian stores and to facilitate the movement of increasing volumes of merchandise between Sydney and Melbourne.
The business operated 116 stores across New South Wales, Victoria and the ACT, eventually acquired Fair Dinkum Bargains and Silly Sollys.
The company was responsible for the memorable and annoying TV advertisements featuring the excited phraze "It's Craaayzy!"
The company mascot was Spike, a blue star shaped character, which looks a bit like Mr. Sneeze.
In 2000 the Clint's Crazy Bargains business was sold to the New Zealand company The Warehouse.
Logo used from the mid 90s through to 2000:

</doc>
<doc id="18575508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575508" title="USS Corkwood (AN-44)">
USS Corkwood (AN-44)

USS "Corkwood" (AN-44/YN-63) was an which served with the U.S. Navy in the western Pacific Ocean theatre of operations during World War II. Her career was without major incident, and she returned home safely after the war with one battle star to her credit.
Built in Everett, Washington.
"Corkwood" (AN-44) was launched as "YN-63", 29 March 1944 by Everett-Pacific Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company, Everett, Washington; sponsored by Miss D. Anerson; reclassified "AN-44" and named "Corkwood" 20 January 1944; and commissioned 16 May 1944, Lieutenant J. L. Driggs, USNR, in command.
World War II Service.
Sailing from Seattle, Washington, 27 August 1944 with district harbor tug (small) "YTL-422" in tow, "Corkwood" arrived at Pearl Harbor 6 September for duty towing target rafts and for replacing buoys and radar rafts until 16 October. From 27 October until 6 March 1945 "Corkwood" conducted net operations and laid cruiser moorings at Eniwetok. 
Sailing by way of Ulithi to Leyte, she joined Amphibious Group 7 and sortied with an "LST" flotilla for the Okinawa operation. She served as harbor entrance control ship at Kerama Retto between 26 March and 6 July. She also conducted salvage and net maintenance operations, frequently under enemy attack.
Arriving at San Pedro Bay, Leyte, 12 July 1945, "Corkwood" underwent repairs, then sailed to Ulithi, arriving 17 August. She tended nets at this port until 16 October when she departed for the U.S. West Coast.
Post-war decommissioning.
She arrived at San Diego, California, 29 November and remained there until decommissioned 7 March 1946. She was transferred to the War Shipping Administration for disposal 13 March 1946.
Honors and awards.
"Corkwood" received one battle star for World II service.

</doc>
<doc id="18575521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575521" title="Philadelphia College Radio Collective">
Philadelphia College Radio Collective

The Philadelphia College Radio Collective is a group of college radio stations that combine forces to provide students and Philadelphians with information about upcoming shows around the area. The collective also has a blog that reviews albums and live concerts. Its mission, as stated on the website, is to serve as "an alliance between the student radio stations of the Greater Philadelphia area, formed with the mission to connect students to the vibrant music and arts culture of the city."
Member schools, along with their radio stations, follow: 
The blog is updated frequently. It also features a list of bands formed in Philadelphia as well as a list of DIY venues located in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="18575529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575529" title="Hamiota">
Hamiota

Hamiota may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18575544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575544" title="Takako Konishi (office worker)">
Takako Konishi (office worker)

Takako Konishi (1973?–2001) was an office worker from Tokyo who was found dead in a snowy field outside of Detroit Lakes, Minnesota, on November 15, 2001. Konishi had originally arrived in Minneapolis earlier that month, traveled to Bismarck, then to Fargo, and finally to Detroit Lakes, where she died. Her death was ruled a suicide, but it was insinuated by the media that she had died trying to locate the money hidden by Steve Buscemi's character, Carl Showalter, in the film "Fargo", under the impression that the film was based on a true story. The events depicted in "Fargo", however, are fictional.
Investigations by American film writer/director Paul Berczeller discovered the entire "Fargo" story had come about as the result of a misunderstanding between Konishi and one of the Bismarck police officers with whom she had been talking. The story was then inflated by the media, leading to the urban legend that she had come to America to search for the money in the film. Instead, it was discovered, Konishi had been very depressed after losing her job at a Tokyo travel agency, and had come to Minnesota because it was a place she had previously visited with her lover, an American businessman. Depressed and lonely, Konishi had been wandering Detroit Lakes when she decided to commit suicide with an overdose of alcohol and sedatives. This theory was bolstered by the discovery of a forty minute phone call she had made to her lover the previous night, and a suicide note she had sent to her parents expressing her intent to kill herself and that she had disposed of most of her belongings before she left Bismarck.
Her story was detailed in the 2003 documentary film "This Is a True Story", directed by Paul Berczeller, in which she was portrayed by Mimi Ohmori.

</doc>
<doc id="18575557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575557" title="Informatization">
Informatization

Informatization or informatisation refers to the extent by which a geographical area, an economy or a society is becoming information-based, i.e., increase in size of its information labor force. Usage of the term was inspired by Marc Porat’s categories of ages of human civilization: the Agricultural Age, the Industrial Age and the Information Age (1978). Informatization to the Information Age is what industrialization was to the Industrial Age. It has been stated that: 
The term has mostly been used within the context of national development. Everett Rogers (2000) defines informatization as the process through which new communication technologies are used as a means for furthering development as a nation becomes more and more an information society. However, some observers, such as Alexander Flor (1986) have cautioned about the negative impact of informatization on traditional societies. 
Recently, the technological determinism dimension has been highlighted in informatization. Randy Kluver of Texas A&M University defines informatization as the process primarily by which information technologies, such as the World Wide Web and other communication technologies, have transformed economic and social relations to such an extent that cultural and economic barriers are minimized. Kluver expands the concept to encompass the civic and cultural arenas. He believes that it is a process whereby information and communication technologies shape cultural and civic discourse.
G. Wang describes the same phenomenon (1994) which she calls "informatization" as a "process" of change that features (a) the use of informatization and IT (information technologies) to such an extent that they become the dominant forces in commanding economic, political, social and cultural development; and (b) unprecedented growth in the speed, quantity, and popularity of information production and distribution."
Origin of the term.
The term informatisation was coined by Simon Nora and Alain Minc in their publication "L'Informatisation de la société: Rapport à M. le Président de la République" which was translated in English in 1980 as "The Computerization of Society: A report to the President of France". (SAOUG) However, in an article published in 1987 Minc preferred to use informatisation and not computerization.
After the 1978 publication the concept was adopted in French, German and English subject literatures and was broadened to include more aspects than only computers and telecommunications. (SAOUG)
Social impact of informatization.
Informatization has many far-reaching consequences in society. Kim (2004) observes that these include repercussions in economics, politics and other aspects of modern living. In the economic sphere, for example, information is viewed as a focal resource for development, replacing the centrality of labor and capital during the industrial age. In the political arena, there are increased opportunities for participative democracy with the advent of information and communication technology (ICT) that provide easy access to information on varied social and political issues.
Informatization in economic systems.
Industrialization propelled transformation of the economic system from agricultural age to modernized economies, and so informatization ushered the industrial age into an information-rich economy. Unlike the agricultural and industrial ages where economics refers to optimization of scarce resources, the information age deals with maximization of abundant resources. Alexander Flor (2008) wrote that informatization gives rise to information-based economies and societies wherein information naturally becomes a dominant commodity or resource. The accumulation and efficient use of knowledge has played a central role in the transformation of the economy (Linden 2004).
Globalization and informatization.
Over the years, globalization and informatization have "redefined industries, politics, cultures, and perhaps the underlying rules of social order" (Friedman 1999). Although they explain different phenomena, their social, political, economic, and cultural functions remarkably overlaps. "Although globalization ultimately refers to the integration of economic institutions, much of this integration occurs through the channels of technology. Although international trade is not a new phenomenon, the advent of communications technologies has accelerated the pace and scope of trade" (Kluver).
Measurement of informatization.
Kim (2004) proposed to measure the informatization in a country using a composite measure made up of the following extraneous variables: Education, R&D Expenditure, Agricultural Sector and Intellectual Property. Kim also relates increasing democracy as evidence of social informatization. It supposedly take into consideration the three approaches to conceptualizing informatization namely the economic, technological, and stock. Each can be measured with economic data (e.g. GDP), ICT data (e.g. number of computers per population), and amount of information (e.g. number of published technological journals) respectively. 
Such composite measure is similar to the World Bank's Knowledge Assessment Methodology (KAM) Variables (2008) which are clustered into: overall performance of the economy, economic incentive and institutional regime, innovation system, education and human resources, and information and communication technology.
The Problem of Measuring Informatization.
The measurement for the level of informatization is an ongoing area of development. Among the issues are the ambiguity of the definition of “information” and whether this entity can be quantifiable in contrast to the tangible products of industrialization. 
Taylor and Zang (2007) explored the issues behind the limitations of current theoretical models in terms of quantifying the positive impacts of ICT projects, and provided critiques of the information indicators used to gauge and justify informatization projects.
International organizations such as the United Nations, through its World Summit on the Information Society (WSIS) and International Telecommunication Union (ITU); and Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) also recognize this challenge and have initiated efforts to improve the methodologies for measuring an “information society” .
National laws on informatization.
Informatization is recognized by states as important to national development. Some states have created laws implementing or regulating informatization.
In Russia the State Duma enacted the "Federal Law on Information, Informatization, and the Protection of Information" on January 25, 1995. It was signed into law by President Boris Yeltsin on February 20, 1995.
Azerbaijan had a "Law on Information, Informatization and Protection of Information" in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18575561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575561" title="Fallen (Tweak album)">
Fallen (Tweak album)

Fallen also known as Tweak EP is an EP by South African rock band, Tweak. Who are currently known as Crashcarburn.
Personnel.
Garth Barnes - Guitar, vocals
Mike Stott - Guitar, backing vocals
Chris Brink - Bass guitar, backing vocals
Brendan Barnes - drums

</doc>
<doc id="18575577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575577" title="Euphemystic">
Euphemystic

Euphemystic is the first full-length by Omaha, NE's Son, Ambulance. 
It is the 36th release from Saddle Creek Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18575583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575583" title="Mohd Fadly Baharum">
Mohd Fadly Baharum

Mohd Fadly Baharum (born 31 August 1988 in Alor Star, Kedah) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing as a left midfielder for Kedah FA.
Career.
He progressed through the youth ranks of Kedah FA President Cup squad, Fadly was promoted to the professional football career for season 2007/08 to converted the regular left-side midfielder after a controversial migrated of Zairol Fitree Ishak to Kelantan FA. His Kedah debut got off to an impressive start, scoring 17 goals in first season, which he had scores in every competitions including the AFC Cup; and became a second top scorer for the Canaries behind the electrifying Vincentian Marlon Alex James. Fadly's made his debut for the team on 11 March 2008, at Darul Aman Stadium, against Victory SC in their AFC Cup opening match. Four days later, he scored his first goal for the team against UPB-MyTeam FC as Kedah won 2-0.
Rookie.
Fadly also played a major part in helping Kedah to crown as the double treble champions of Malaysian football. He scored the opening goal for Kedah after just 2-minute play time in their 3–2 win over Selangor FA in the Malaysia FA Cup 2008 final at their home ground Shah Alam Stadium, Selangor; and once again on 23 August 2008 he scored the third, which is also a winning goal in the 38th minute with the same result and rival in the 2007/08 Malaysia Cup final that has been held at Bukit Jalil National Stadium. As electrifying performance for his first senior season, Fadly became a rookie for Kedah's 2007/08 squad.
Honours.
Fadly had become one of the hottest properties in Malaysian football, after he was announced as the Most Promising Player by fan in 2007/08 100Plus-F.A.M National Football Awards besides Mohd Helmi Eliza Elias, Victor Andrag, Mohd Khyril Muhymeen Zambri, Marlon Alex James and the Canaries tactician Mohd Azraai Khor Abdullah.

</doc>
<doc id="18575606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575606" title="Bais Hatalmud">
Bais Hatalmud

Bais Hatalmud is a Yeshiva in Jerusalem founded and headed by Rabbi Dov Schwartzman. The current Rosh yeshiva is Rabbi Schwartzman's son-in-law, Rabbi Yosef Strasser.

</doc>
<doc id="18575628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575628" title="Lizin">
Lizin

Lizin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18575644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575644" title="Crashcarburn EP">
Crashcarburn EP

Crashcarburn EP is the debut EP by South African rock band, Crashcarburn. 

</doc>
<doc id="18575659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575659" title="Masquerade (1988 film)">
Masquerade (1988 film)

Masquerade is a 1988 American romance mystery thriller film directed by Bob Swaim and starring Rob Lowe, Meg Tilly, Kim Cattrall, and Doug Savant. Written by Dick Wolf, the film is about a recently orphaned millionairess who falls in love with a young yacht racing captain who isn't completely truthful with her about his past. The film was nominated for the Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best (Mystery) Motion Picture in 1989.
Plot.
Young yachting captain Tim Whalen (Rob Lowe) is having an affair with Brooke Morrison (Kim Cattrall), the wife of his boss, Granger Morrison (Brian Davies), in the upscale town of Southampton, Long Island. Tim is the new captain of Granger's racing sailboat "Obsession". Young heiress Olivia Lawrence (Meg Tilly), following the recent death of her mother, returns home to Southampton after graduating from college. At a party, Olivia is introduced to Tim, who asks her to dance. Impressed with her knowledge of sailing, Tim asks her to go sailing with him, and she accepts.
Olivia is living in the family mansion with her alcoholic stepfather, Tony Gateworth (John Glover), and his new live-in girlfriend, Anne Briscoe (Dana Delany). Her mother's will provided that Gateworth retain access to the family's eight properties. Olivia has nothing but contempt for her stepfather, who married her mother for her money. At her family attorney's office in New York City, Olivia learns she cannot restrict Gateworth's access to her homes, and the nearly one million dollars a year he receives from the estate barely covers his gambling debts.
Olivia and Tim go sailing on her boat "Masquerade", which was her late father's pride and joy. Later, at Olivia's mansion, they are confronted by a drunk Gateworth who insults Tim, his former sailing competitor. In the coming days, Olivia and Tim begin dating and eventually fall in love. Olivia's newfound happiness, however, is soon offset by another ugly confrontation with Gateworth who tells her as her "guardian" he wants Tim out of her life. Olivia confides to her aunt that Tim is the first man she's felt comfortable with and that he isn't interested in her money. Later that day, at a lobster house on the outskirts of town, Gateworth and Tim meet surreptitiously to discuss their conspiracy to murder Olivia for her money. When Tim expresses doubts, Gateworth threatens to expose his past. He tells him the next step is to gain Olivia's confidence by having Tim defend her against him.
That weekend, Olivia and Tim have passionate sex in the mansion. Afterwards, a drunken Gateworth breaks into Olivia's room as planned, but Tim kills him with his own pistol. Believing they will be accused of murdering Gateworth, Olivia covers up Tim's role in the killing by claiming she killed Gateworth in self-defense. Tim establishes an alibi with an unsuspecting Brooke by resetting her bedside clock. During the investigation, Officer Mike McGill (Doug Savant)—a childhood friend with a romantic interest in Olivia—finds evidence that Tim may have been involved in the killing, but he does not report it to his captain, presumably because of his feelings for Olivia.
Gateworth's girlfriend, Anne Briscoe, begins questioning the investigation's findings, and tells the authorities about Olivia and Tim. Meanwhile, Tim breaks up with Brooke, who later confirms Tim's alibi to the police. Not long after Anne Briscoe informs McGill that her friend saw Gateworth at a diner with Tim, she is found hanged in an apparent suicide. McGill requests an autopsy.
While sailing aboard "Masquerade", Olivia asks Tim to marry her, but he is reluctant, telling her he once spent 30 days in jail for writing bad checks. He also tells her about his affair with Brooke Morrison. His "honestly" convinces Olivia he is the right man, and the couple are soon married. Later, Olivia reveals she is pregnant. That night, Tim drives to the marina where he meets secretly with McGill, who was part of the original conspiracy—who in fact planned everything. Tim is reluctant about killing Olivia, but McGill insists she must die in a staged car accident. He threatens to put Tim away for Gateworth's murder if he doesn't cooperate.
When McGill learns that Tim has no intention of killing Olivia and that they are planning to sail for Florida on "Masquerade" the next day, he sabotages Olivia's sailboat and plants incriminating evidence in Tim's linen drawer. Tim discovers McGill's treachery and races to the marina to save Olivia, but is killed in the gas explosion meant to kill Olivia. In the marina office afterwards, Olivia discovers a newspaper clipping with a picture of Tim, Gateworth, and McGill, just as McGill enters the office. Seeing that she has figured out the conspiracy, he tries to kill her. In the ensuing struggle, Olivia pushes McGill out a window causing his death.
At Tim's funeral, Olivia learns from her family attorney that Tim recently insisted he be removed from Olivia's will, and however it may have started, he came to love Olivia in the end.
Reception.
Critical response.
The film received mixed reviews upon its release. In his review in the "Chicago Sun-Times", Roger Ebert gave the film three of four stars. Ebert singling out Meg Tilly's performance wrote, "Tilly's acting style is the right choice for the movie: Her dreaminess, which at first seems distracting, becomes an important part of the suspense, because while she drifts in her romantic reverie, a sweet smile on her face, we're mentally screaming at her to wake up and smell the coffee."
In her review in "The Washington Post", Rita Kempley called the film "mushy" and "pockey". Kempley reduces the director's efforts to "a gym teacher's sense of the erotic matched with a jackhammer's flair for the subtleties of psychological artifice."
In their review in "Spirituality & Practive", Frederic and Mary Ann Brussat called "Masquerade" "a gripping film about betrayal and murder." The Brussats conclude, ""Masquerade" is a well-paced mystery with outstanding performances by the entire cast. Best of all, this film exposes the secret which many know but few will admit—contemporary American society is riven by class warfare."
Box office.
The film earned $15,855,828 in gross revenue in the United States.
Film ratings.
In New Zealand, the film was rated  M  for offensive language and sexual references.
In the United States, the film was rated  R .

</doc>
<doc id="18575671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575671" title="Lukashin, Yerevan">
Lukashin, Yerevan

Lukashin is a neighbourhood in Yerevan, the capital of Armenia. It was named after Sargis Lukashin (1883-1937), president of the Armenian Council of People's Commissars.

</doc>
<doc id="18575720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575720" title="Messiah (Latin poem)">
Messiah (Latin poem)

Messiah (1712) is a poem by Alexander Pope which Samuel Johnson translated into Latin in December 1728. This was the first poem of Johnson's to be published, and consists of 119 lines written in Latin verse. The whole translation was completed in two days and was submitted to Pope for appraisal.
Background.
In 1728, Johnson was admitted into Pembroke College, Oxford, and William Jorden was made his tutor. During his first weeks, Johnson was assigned various poem topics to write on, which he refused to complete. However, he did complete one poem, the first of his tutorial exercises, on which he spent comparably significant time (that of two rereads), and which provoked surprise and applause. Jorden, impressed with Johnson's skill at Latin verse, asked his student to produce a Latin translation of Pope's "Messiah" as a Christmas exercise. Johnson completed half of the translation in one afternoon and the rest the following morning. The poem was finished quickly because Johnson was hoping for patronage that would help him overcome the financial difficulties that he was experiencing while at Pembroke.
After Johnson finished the poem, it was sent to his home, and his father Michael Johnson, a bookseller, immediately printed the work. It was later contained in a collected of work by the Pembroke tutor John Husbands titled "Miscellany of Poems" (1731).
Messiah.
Pope's "Messiah" deals with Virgil's Fourth Eclogue which was said to predict the birth of Christ. The poem merges the prophecy of Isaiah about the Messiah with wording that echoes Virgil. Johnson's translation into Latin relies on Virgil directly and incorporates more of the Eclogue's language. 
Critical response.
The work was immediately favoured among students of Oxford and Husbands's "Miscellany of Poems" (1731) contained a list of subscribers including half of the enrolled students at Pembroke. Although the poem brought him praise, it did not bring him the material benefit he had hoped for. The poem was brought to Pope's attention by Charles Arbuthnot, the son of Pope's friend John Arbuthnot; according to Sir John Hawkins, Pope praised the work when he claimed that he could not tell if it was "the original" or not. 
However, John Taylor, his friend, dismissed this incident as "praise" by claiming that "Pope said it was very finely done, but that he had seen it before, and said nothing more either of it or its Authour." Instead of Johnson being the first to send Pope a copy, Johnson's father had already published the translation before Johnson sent a copy to Pope, and Pope could have been remarking about it being a duplication of the published edition that he earlier read. This possibility is reinforced by Johnson becoming "very angry" towards his father. Johnson told Taylor, "if it had not been his Father had done this he would have cut his throat," even though Pope did praise the poem even if it may not have been during the second time Pope saw the work. Regardless, Johnson "had gained great applause" for the poem.
20th-century criticism focused on the poem as a model of Johnson's ability to write; Walter Jackson Bate praised the work and called it a "major effort".

</doc>
<doc id="18575743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575743" title="Five Islands Nature Reserve">
Five Islands Nature Reserve

Five Islands Nature Reserve is a 26 ha reserve comprising five islands close to Port Kembla, New South Wales, Australia. The islands - Flinders Islet (Toothbrush Island), Bass Islet, Martin Islet, Big Island and Rocky Islet - lie between 0.5 and 3.5 km off the coast. The reserve was originally dedicated as a Fauna Reserve in 1960; it is considered significant for its biological and Aboriginal heritage values and is managed by the NSW National Parks and Wildlife Service.
History.
At the height of the last ice-age some 18,000 years ago, with a lower sea-level, the islands were part of the mainland. When Europeans first visited the area around and immediately south of Sydney in the late 18th century, the mainland coast opposite the Five Islands was occupied by the Tharawal (or Dharawal) people.
Cattle and rabbits were introduced to the islands before 1861. In 1867 a house was built on Big Island by the Perkins family, who lived there until 1872, grazing cattle and catching sharks. In the early 20th century the sea floor to the west of Big Island was mined for shells.
Aboriginal Dreamtime: The Story of the Five Islands.
In the Alcheringa, Oola-boola-woo, the West Wind, lived on top of Merrigong (the Illawarra Range) With the West Wind were his six little daughters Mimosa, Wilga, Lilli Pilli, Wattle, Clematis and Geera. 
Sometimes the children’s cousins, who lived in a seaside camp just north of Red Point, came up the mountain for a visit. The little children brought gifts of fish, pretty sea-shells, fruit and flowers, but Mimosa, an unpleasant child, was sulky and disagreeable to the visitors. When her sisters played and laughed with their cousins, Mimosa scratched and fought. Oola-boolawoo was so annoyed at his daughter’s rude behaviour he snatched off the piece of the mountain upon which she sat, and threw it out to the sea. 
How strange to see a large piece of rock flying through the air with the little black girl, Mimosa, clinging to it! Plop! went the great rock into the sea, giving Mimosa a shower bath, which cooled her naughty temper. "Whoosh, gurgle, goggle," she cried, coughing and choking. She looked about and was startled to see she was some distance from the land. In fact, she was on an island, to which neither her sisters nor her friends could swim, for fear of sharks. Poor Mimosa! Too late she regretted her naughtiness. Day after day she sat on the island, until she turned into a mermaid, slid into the sea and swam about.
Mimosa’s fate should have been a lesson to her sisters, but, bye and bye, they grew lazy, careless and disobedient. One evening Oola-boola-woo, the West Wind, came home, at sunset, to find Wilga lying on a warm rock, playing with a pet lizard. She had not washed her face or combed her hair, nor had she tidied the house. Oola-boola-woo felt that his patience was at an end. He had had a hard day blowing up dust storms in the west and helped to fan a great bushfire, near Appin, so he was tired.
Taking a big breath, he blew Wilga and her rock out to sea. How surprised the people in the camp were next morning, to see two islands in the sea, not far from the coast. It wasn’t long until Lilli Pilli, Wattle and Clematis were blown out to sea, on pieces of rock so that there were five islands, with five little mermaids sunning themselves. 
So Geera was the only child left in Oola-boola-woo’s home on the mountain top. How lonely she was! Her father was often away, so there was no one to talk to. There was no one to play with, for the children in the camp had long grown tired of climbing the mountain side to visit the unruly family, on the top. Geera sat hunched, with her arms around her ankles, gazing down at the smoke of the blacks’ camp, or staring out at the Five Islands. Year after year she sat, so still and quiet she turned to stone. Dust and dead leaves fell upon her, grass and wild flowers grew over her, and so she became part of the mountain range. She is now known as Mount Keira.
Flora and fauna.
The vegetation communities of the Five Islands, and especially Big Island have been degraded because of previous human usage and the introduction of exotic species of animals and plants. A major problem is the presence of Kikuyu grass on Big Island, which hinders the recovery of native vegetation and the burrowing activities of petrels.
The reserve is important for seabirds, on which ongoing research is carried out by the Southern Oceans Seabird Study Association. Species recorded as breeding on one or more islands of the reserve include the Sooty Oystercatcher, Little Penguin, Wedge-tailed Shearwater, Short-tailed Shearwater, Crested Tern, White-faced Storm-petrel, Silver Gull, Kelp Gull and Australian Pelican. Reptiles present in the reserve include the Eastern Water Skink, Common Garden Skink, Weasel Skink and Three-toed Skink. Marine mammals recorded as occasionally hauling-out on the intertidal fringes of the islands include the Australian Fur Seal and the Leopard Seal.

</doc>
<doc id="18575745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575745" title="TWA Flight 355">
TWA Flight 355

TWA Flight 355 was a domestic Trans World Airlines flight which was hijacked on September 10, 1976 by five "Fighters for Free Croatia", a group seeking Croatian independence from Yugoslavia.
The incident occurred on the same day as the Zagreb mid-air collision, which to date remains Croatia's worst air disaster.
Hijacking.
The Boeing 727 plane took off from New York's LaGuardia Airport and was headed to O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. The hijackers were Slobodan Vlašić, Zvonko Bušić, his wife Julienne Bušić, Petar Matanić and Frane Pešut. The hijackers claimed to have a bomb as they seized control of the plane in the 95th minute of its flight; the alleged bomb on board was actually a pressure cooker.
The group redirected the plane to Montreal's Mirabel International Airport where they refueled and told officials that they had planted a bomb in a locker at Grand Central Station and gave them instructions on finding it. They demanded that an appeal to the American people concerning Croatia's independence be printed in the "New York Times", the "Washington Post", the "Chicago Tribune", the "Los Angeles Times" and the "International Herald Tribune". The plane was then flown to Gander, Newfoundland (now Newfoundland and Labrador), where 35 of its passengers were released. From there the plane was accompanied by a larger TWA plane which guided it to Reykjavík, Iceland. The hijacker's initial European destination was London, but the British government refused them permission to land.
During the hijacking the device at Grand Central Station was found and taken to Rodman's Neck Firing Range where police attempted to dismantle it rather than detonate it. After setting a cutting instrument on the two wires attached to the device, the officers retreated from the pit for several minutes. They then returned to the pit to continue dismantling the device when it exploded and killed an officer, Brian Murray. 
The plane landed in Paris where the hijackers surrendered after direct talks with U.S. ambassador Kenneth Rush, and their supposedly explosive devices were revealed to be fakes. As the police took Julienne Bušić away, the plane's pilot gave her a hug in gratitude for her calming of the passengers during the hijacking.
Imprisonment.
Frane Pešut served 12 years in prison. He was deported to Croatia in 2007. Petar Matanić and Slobodan Vlašić were released along with Pešut in 1988. Julienne Bušić was released in 1989.
The last remaining hijacker in prison was Zvonko Bušić. On several occasions after Croatian independence, Croatian president Franjo Tudjman appealed to American president Bill Clinton for Bušić's release or transfer to Croatia. In 2003, the Croatian Parliament passed a resolution that Bušić should be transferred to Croatia, which it submitted to the Council of Europe. The liberal Croatian Helsinki Committee also took up the cause of Bušić's release.
On June 7, 2008 Bušić was granted parole after 32 years of imprisonment. Bušić was paroled and deported to Croatia where he was greeted by approximately five hundred people at Zagreb's Pleso airport. Among those in the crowd were Dražen Budiša, Anto Kovačević and Marko Perković as well as all four of the other hijackers.
Julienne Bušić wrote a book named "Lovers and Madmen" about the hijacking and her love for the head of operation.
Zvonko Bušic committed suicide on 1 September 2013 by gunshot at his home in Rovanjska near Zadar; he was discovered by his wife. He was 67 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="18575805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575805" title="Airplay40">
Airplay40

Airplay40 is a syndicated radio-based Top 40 (radio format) chart show broadcast across the globe on English speaking radio stations. It is based on the UK Top 40 format, and is derived from airplay from subscriber English-language radio stations across Europe and the Middle East. The programme is aimed at English expatriates and tourists visiting popular holiday destinations across Europe and the Middle East.
The programme is broadcast currently to over ten regions including Spain, Greece, Cyprus, Italy, Gibraltar, Oman, Dubai, Malta, Aruba and New Zealand, as well as appearing on selected internet radio stations.
The programme is hosted by Spencer James, and is produced by Fourway Media.
Airplay 40 is broadcast every Sunday, with the website http://www.airplay40.com updated as the programme airs. The website also has the showbiz news headlines, forums for discussion of the songs in the chart, and about life in the expat community.
Also there is a weekly showbiz news bulletin, with the main news in the world of entertainment, and a look back at previous hits over the years on the chart in the "Rewind" section of the programme.
History.
The programme was originally called The eXpat Chart, and was specifically targeted towards an English speaking audience on radio stations broadcasting outside of the UK. The programme was launched in June 2008 and grew rapidly, however an increase in UK based stations and a shift in marketing plans meant a re-brand was needed.
In 2010, eXpat Party was launched, hosted at first by presenter Danny Looker, and then in 2011 by comedy duo Mabbs and Justice. This was broadcast until the spring of 2012, when eXpat Chart Rewind was launched.
In January 2013, The eXpat Chart was rebranded as Airplay40, with a new website.
Broadcast stations.
The eXpat Chart is broadcast to over 40 radio stations across the globe. All times are local to the location of broadcast. 
The stations include:
A full listing of stations that broadcast the programme is available on the programme website - http://www.airplay40.com/radio-stations/
Spin-off programmes.
In December 2008 and December 2009, Fourway Radio, the producers of The eXpat Chart, presented a Christmas Special called The eXmas Chart. This was hosted by Spencer James, and co-hosted by Martin Jefferies who is the Showbiz news editor for the programme, and Adam Williams, who is one of the journalists in the showbiz newsroom. it has been announced that the programme will return for another broadcast in 2010, with a slight change to the format of the programme.
Following the death of Michael Jackson in June 2009, There was a special commemorating Jacksons musical history, playing the top 40 songs of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18575813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575813" title="Trading Places (song)">
Trading Places (song)

"Trading Places" is a song by American recording artist Usher. Released on October 17, 2008 as the fifth and final single from his fifth studio album "Here I Stand", Usher wrote the song with The-Dream and Carlos "Los Da Mystro" McKinney. Produced by McKinney, it is a slow-tempo R&B number with hip hop influences, and focuses on an idea of role reversal in a relationship.
The song received mixed reviews from critics; its production drew differing opinions. It appeared on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, peaking at numbers forty-five and four, respectively. A music video was filmed for the song, which demonstrated intimate sexual scenes, and promoted Usher's lingerie line. Usher performed "Trading Places" on both his One Night Stand: Ladies Only Tour (2008) and OMG Tour (2010–11).
Background and composition.
"Trading Places" was written by The-Dream, Carlos "Los Da Mystro" McKinney and Usher, and produced by McKinney, while Jaycen Joshua mixed the record. The song was recorded at Music Line Studio, Triangle Sound Studios and Chalice Recording Studios, and was released on October 17, 2008.
"Trading Places" is a slow-tempo R&B ballad, and contains influences of hip hop music. McKinney used the drums that appear in J. Holiday's "Bed"; "Trading Places" also uses guitar instrumentation.
The theme of the song surrounds role reversal in a relationship, predominantly in sexual situations, with its hook consisting of the lyrics, "I'm always on the top, tonight I'm on the bottom / 'cause we trading places". Usher described the song's idea as "wishful thinking for all men to have a woman who takes control and compliments us the way we compliment them", and Steve Jones of "USA Today" saw the song as a way for Usher to "satisfy his inner freak ... within the confines of marriage." Angela Barrett of "Rap-Up" noted "Trading Places" as a male version of "Cater 2 U" (2004) by Destiny's Child.
Reception.
Digital Spy's David Balls gave "Trading Places" three out of five stars, and wrote that the song's lyrics "may be verging on the sickly, but Usher just about gets away with it". Mark Edward Nero of About.com called it "all-around excellent: the vocals, production and (especially the) lyrics all excel". Andy Kellman from Allmusic said that the song was the best of "the small handful of brow-raising moments" on "Here I Stand".
IGN's Chad Grischow criticized the song's production, calling it "a muddled mess".
"Trading Places" debuted on the United States "Billboard" Hot 100 at number one hundred on November 15, 2008. The next week it moved ten places to number ninety. The song peaked in its seventh charting week, when it reached number forty-five on the final chart of 2008. "Trading Places" fell off the Hot 100 after seventeen weeks.
The song was more successful on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, where it entered at number ninety-six. On January 3, 2009, it climbed to its high position of number four, and slipped off the chart in April 2009 after thirty-three weeks.
Music video.
The music video for "Trading Places" was shot on September 9, 2008 in Venice, Los Angeles, and was directed by Chris Robinson. Of the video's concept Usher said, "We wanted to do something ... very hot and very forward-thinking". The video also serves as his media to introduce his new line of lingerie, with his love interest in the video wearing some designs.
In the video Usher and his love interest simulate sexual intercourse, with the woman maintaining dominance, echoing the song's theme. Interspersed are scenes of him playing the song on a transparent piano, sitting in a chair singing and dancing against a brick backdrop. In some of the sex scenes the camera is rotated 180 degrees, so that an illusion is given from Usher being "on the top" to being "on the bottom".
Live performances.
Usher performed "Trading Places" along with "Here I Stand" and "What's Your Name" at the warmup concert for the 2008 National Football League Kickoff game on September 4.
Usher sang the song on his 2008 One Night Stand: Ladies Only tour. He began the song seated at a grand piano, while a female backup dancer removed Usher's shirt and, while wearing the shirt herself, lay on top of the piano.
He also performed "Trading Places" on his international OMG Tour, which commenced in November 2010, and concluded in June 2011. During the performance, he calls a female fan from the audience and sings to her as they dance seductively. This resulted in a mishap during a December 2010 performance at the Madison Square Garden when a fan tried to swing her foot over Usher but accidentally kicked him in the head. At the Glendale, Arizona show, he called "American Idol" season six winner Jordin Sparks onto the stage to perform the number with him. At one of the London dates, English singer Alesha Dixon accompanied him onstage for the performance.

</doc>
<doc id="18575816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575816" title="List of television programmes broadcast by PTV">
List of television programmes broadcast by PTV

This is a list of television programmes which are either currently being broadcast or have previously been broadcast by Pakistan's national television service, the Pakistan Television Corporation (PTV).
Normal programming.
B.
bezaban

</doc>
<doc id="18575820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575820" title="The Silver Lining (Earshot album)">
The Silver Lining (Earshot album)

The Silver Lining is the third studio album by alternative metal band Earshot released on August 26, 2008. It is the band's first release in four years, and first release outside of Warner Bros. Records. It contains just one officially released single, "MisSunderstood."
Track listing.
All songs written by Wil Martin. 

</doc>
<doc id="18575825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575825" title="Mel Coogan">
Mel Coogan

Melvin George Coogan (August 6, 1896 – December 27, 1957) was an American boxer from Brooklyn. He was undefeated in his first nine fights with a record of 7-0-9.
Coogan fought Frankie Callahan in Brooklyn, New York. but lost by decision. He fought Johnny Dundee in Jersey City, New Jersey, where he won by decision. He also fought Lew Tendler. Both fighters fought to a no contest in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. From 1914 to 1919 he had a record of 65-7-10. Coogan never had a title shot.

</doc>
<doc id="18575840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575840" title="Sulphur inlay">
Sulphur inlay

Sulphur inlay is a rarely used technique for decorative surface inlay in wooden cabinetmaking.
The technique originates in the 18th century, but was only used for a short period. Between 1765 and around 1820, German immigrant cabinetmakers in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania used it to decorate the surface of chests. The Deitrich chest of 1783 is now in the Smithsonian.
Commercial reproducers of such chests may rarely re-create this inlay technique as well.
Technique.
The inlay technique is simple. A small groove is carved into the surface of the wood, then molten sulphur is poured into the groove. Once cooled and hard, the surface may easily be scraped flush. 
Sulphur is used as it has a low-melting point, which may be easily achieved on a hotplate. This also reduces any risk of charring the wood. On cooling, sulphur also expands slightly, locking it into place. 
The colour of the sulphur inlay is a pale yellow or off-white. Overheating the sulphur causes it to darken to brown, along with noxious fumes and the risk of fire. When studying historical examples, antiquarians unfamiliar with sulphur inlay have mistaken it for varieties of beeswax or white lead.

</doc>
<doc id="18575846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575846" title="Thirteen Hours by Air">
Thirteen Hours by Air

Thirteen Hours by Air is a 1936 mystery film made by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Mitchell Leisen, and starred Fred MacMurray and Joan Bennett. The screenplay was written by Kenyon Nicholson and Bogart Rogers, based on story "Wild Wings" by Bogart Rogers and Frank Mitchell Dazey.
Plot.
Womanizer and airline pilot Jack Gordon (Fred MacMurray) must fly the world's fastest airliner from New York to California while dealing with dangerous jewel thieves on the run from the law.

</doc>
<doc id="18575851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575851" title="The Ordeal of Dr. Shannon">
The Ordeal of Dr. Shannon

The Ordeal of Dr. Shannon is a 1962 American television adaption from A. J. Cronin's novel, "Shannon's Way", which was originally published in 1948. The dramatization was written by Robert Stewart, directed by Joan Kemp-Welch, and produced by Lewis Freedman. The show was the ninth episode of the second season of "The DuPont Show of the Week", which was broadcast on NBC, and it starred Rod Taylor and Elizabeth MacLennan. In 1963, it was broadcast in Great Britain on "ITV Television Playhouse". 
The episode was filmed on location in Britain over two weeks. It was the first co-production between a regular American TV dramatic series and a production company from another country (in this case, England).

</doc>
<doc id="18575894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575894" title="Dania Beach Hurricane">
Dania Beach Hurricane

Dania Beach Hurricane is a wooden roller coaster at Boomers! in Dania Beach, Florida. It was designed by Jules Ross and the Stand Company and was built by Coaster Works, Inc.. "Dania Beach Hurricane" Opened on November 1, 2000. The park's website refers to the long out and back coaster as the "largest wooden roller coaster in Florida" 
Despite being located at the Boomers! park, it was owned and operated separately. As of 4/26/11, the rollercoaster is standing but not operating.
The following statement has been posted to the Boomers Website http://www.boomersparks.com/site/dania/directions.html 
"We have been informed that the third party who owns and operates the wooden roller coaster adjacent to the Boomers Family Fun Center in Dania/Ft. Lauderdale, Florida has ceased operations effective immediately. The closure of the roller coaster does not and will not affect the operations of the Boomers Family Fun Center."

</doc>
<doc id="18575923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575923" title="Melt inclusions">
Melt inclusions

Melt inclusions are small parcels or "blobs" of melt(s) that are entrapped by crystals growing in the magmas and eventually forming igneous rocks. In many respects they are analogous to fluid inclusions. Melt inclusions are generally small - most are less than 80 micrometres across (a micrometre is one thousandth of a millimeter, or about 0.00004 inches). Nevertheless they can provide an abundance of useful information. Using microscopic observations and a range of chemical microanalysis techniques geochemists and igneous petrologists can obtain a range of unique information from melt inclusions. The most common uses of melt inclusions is studying the composition and compositional evolution of magmas existed in the history of specific magma systems. This is because inclusions can act like "fossils" - trapping and preserving these melts before they are modified by later processes. In addition, because they are trapped at high pressures (P) and temperatures (T) many melt inclusions also provide important information about the entrapping conditions (P-T) and their volatile content(such as H2O, CO2, S and Cl) that drive explosive volcanic eruptions.
Sorby (1858) was the first to document microscopic melt inclusions in crystals. The study of melt inclusions has been driven more recently by the development of sophisticated chemical analysis techniques. Scientists from the former Soviet Union lead the study of melt inclusions in the decades after World War II (Sobolev and Kostyuk, 1975), and developed methods for heating melt inclusions under a microscope, so changes could be directly observed.
Although they are small, melt inclusions may contain a number of different constituents, including glass (which represents melt that has been quenched by rapid cooling), small crystals and a separate vapour-rich bubble. They occur in the crystals can be found in igneous rocks, such as for example quartz, feldspar, olivine, pyroxene, nepheline, magnetite, perovskite and apatite. Melt inclusions can be found in both volcanic and plutonic rocks. In addition, melt inclusions can contain immiscible (non-miscible) melt phases. Their study is an exceptional way to find direct evidences for presence of two or more melts at entrapment.

</doc>
<doc id="18575925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575925" title="Doug Heywood">
Doug Heywood

Douglas 'Doug' Samuel Heywood (10 December 1924 – 26 July 2002) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1940s and early 1950s before becoming a noted sports commentator.
As a schoolboy at Scotch College, Heywood excelled in multiple sports including tennis, in which he won the Victorian Schoolboys Doubles title in 1942, and football, where he captained the team into an undefeated year in 1942. Heywood made his VFL debut in the 1943 season and after sporadic appearances that year was a regular selection in 1944, playing 16 of a possible 18 games. He was used mostly as a half forward flanker.
His football career was put on hold in 1945 with his service in the RAAF taking precedence. After being discharged from Darwin in 1946 he moved back to Melbourne where he undertook and completed a Commerce Degree. He won premierships in the Victorian Amateur Football Association with the University Blacks during his time at Melbourne University. 
With the Melbourne Football Club suffering from injuries in the 1948 finals series, Heywood and his University Blacks teammate Denis Cordner were surprise recalls for the Preliminary Final against Collingwood despite both not having played with the club for four years. Melbourne won the game and took on Essendon in the Grand Final, with Heywood lining up in his favoured half forward flank position. For the first time in VFL history the Grand Final was drawn and Heywood lost his place in the team for the replay when Robert McKenzie returned from injury.
Heywood played another full season in 1950, including a game against Hawthorn where he kicked six goals, and retired after ten senior appearances in 1951.
As a sports commentator, Heywood called football games and appeared on panel shows on ABC TV as well as commentating on tennis matches at the same network. He also commented on Saturday football games for radio station 3AW. He was a committeeman of the Melbourne Cricket Club and a promotor of its Gallery of Sport.

</doc>
<doc id="18575931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575931" title="List of museums in Baltimore">
List of museums in Baltimore

This list of museums in Baltimore encompasses museums, defined for this context as institutions (including nonprofit organizations, government entities, and private businesses) that collect and care for objects of cultural, artistic, scientific, or historical interest and make their collections or related exhibits available for public viewing. Museums that exist only in cyberspace (i.e., virtual museums) are not included.
See also List of museums in Maryland.
To use the sortable table, click on the icons at the top of each column to sort that column in alphabetical order; click again for reverse alphabetical order.

</doc>
<doc id="18575958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575958" title="Scapulocoracoid">
Scapulocoracoid

The Scapulocoracoid is the unit of the pectoral girdle that contains the coracoid and scapula.
The coracoid itself is a beak-shaped bone that is commonly found in most vertebrates with a few exceptions.
The scapula is commonly known as the "shoulder blade". The humerus is linked to the body via the scapula, the clavicle is connected to the sternum via the scapula as well.
Note: Therian mammals lack a scapulocoracoid. 

</doc>
<doc id="18575971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18575971" title="Tony Rodríguez (baseball)">
Tony Rodríguez (baseball)

Luis Antonio Rodríguez (born August 15, 1970 in Río Piedras, Puerto Rico) is a former shortstop in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the Boston Red Sox during the season. Listed at 5' 11", 165 lb., Rodríguez batted and threw right-handed. He was selected by Boston in the 1991 draft out of the University of Charleston.
In one-season career, Rodríguez was a .239 hitter (16-for-67) with nine RBI in 27 games, including one home run, one double, and seven runs scored.
Rodríguez also played in the Red Sox, Mariners and Cubs minor league systems from 1992 to 2001, hitting .243 with 11 home runs and 167 RBI in 616 games.

</doc>
<doc id="18576002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576002" title="Juozas Olekas">
Juozas Olekas

Juozas Olekas (born October 30, 1955) is a Lithuanian surgeon and politician, a former Minister of National Defence, from 2006 to 2008. In 1990 and from 2003 to 2004 he also served as the Health Minister of Lithuania.
Olekas studied at Kaunas Institute of Medicine from 1974 to 1976, and at Vilnius University from 1976 to 1980.
Between 1994 and 1997 he was a chief physician at the Vilnius University hospital.
Olekas is married to Aurelija Olekienė, they have two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="18576003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576003" title="Cynthia Ona Innis">
Cynthia Ona Innis

Cynthia Ona Innis (born 1969) is an American painter, sculptor and visual artist raised in San Diego and based out of Oakland. Her work has been described as "paintings one doesn't look at so much as immerse oneself in", as well as "sensual", "organic" and "science fiction-y" where "a futuristic heaven-meets-hell". Innis graduated with a B.A. from the University of California at Berkeley and earned her post-graduate M.F.A. from Rutgers University in New Brunswick, New Jersey. She has received the San Francisco Arts Commission Honorarium, the James D. Phelan Award in printmaking, a MacDowell Colony Fellowship and Residency award, and the James D. Phelan Award in painting, among other awards and recognition.
Innis has been a visiting art professor and/or faculty member at several prominent universities and arts institutes. Among the institutions where Innis has taught, are the University of California at Berkeley, the San Francisco Art Institute and Boise State University in Boise, Idaho. Her work is represented by the Walter Maciel Gallery in Los Angeles, and is in the collections of the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco, San Jose Museum of Art, Berkeley Art Museum, and the Microsoft Art Collection.
Personal life.
Innis is the daughter of architect Donald Innis and his wife Virginia, a teacher and floral designer. Cynthia Ona Innis is married to Sascha Weiss, executive chef at San Francisco's The Plant Cafe Organic. Innis recently gave birth to her first daughter Ona and resides in the Bay Area. Her sister is film editor Chris Innis.

</doc>
<doc id="18576011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576011" title="Stan Royer">
Stan Royer

Stanley Dean Royer (born August 31, 1967 in Olney, Illinois) is a former third baseman/first baseman in Major League Baseball who played from through for the St. Louis Cardinals (1991–1994) and Boston Red Sox (1994). Listed at 6' 3", 195 lb., he batted and threw right-handed.
Drafted out of Charleston High School in Charleston, Illinois by the Atlanta Braves, Royer decided to not sign and attended college instead. Royer was selected by the Oakland Athletics in the 1988 draft out of Eastern Illinois University, from where he had earned an economics degree. Before the 1991 season, he was sent by Oakland along with Félix José and a minor leaguer to the Cardinals in the same transaction that brought Willie McGee to the Athletics. 
In a four season career, Royer was a .250 hitter (41-for-164) with 21 RBI in 89 games, including four home runs, 10 doubles, and 14 runs scored. He also played in the Oakland, St. Louis and Boston minor league systems from 1988–1994, hitting .270 with 72 home runs and 417 RBI in 707 games.
Royer is President of Claris Advisors, an investment advising and wealth management firm based in St. Louis.

</doc>
<doc id="18576014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576014" title="The Hunter (Jennifer Warnes album)">
The Hunter (Jennifer Warnes album)

The Hunter is the seventh album by Jennifer Warnes, released in 1992. It peaked at No. 13 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary charts.
"The Hunter" was released five years after her breakthrough album "Famous Blue Raincoat". Classified as adult contemporary, the album is jazz/R&B infused. The album includes several covers, including Todd Rundgren's "Pretending To Care", The Waterboys "The Whole Of The Moon", and "Way Down Deep", co-written by Warnes's mentor Leonard Cohen, who makes a guest appearance on the track.

</doc>
<doc id="18576027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576027" title="Mohd Faizal Abu Bakar">
Mohd Faizal Abu Bakar

Mohd Faizal Abu Bakar (born 20 September 1990 in Kuala Nerang, Kedah) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Kedah FA. He is known as 'Sepet' among his teammates and fans.
Career.
Known as Faizal, a youngster from Kedah FA President Cup squad who has promoted to the senior squad by Mohd Azraai Khor Abdullah after another Kedah's young talented such as Ahmad Shakir Mohd Ali left Kedah for Malaysian Young Tigers.
He made his senior debut for Kedah in a Malaysia Cup group stage match on July 15, 2008 where Kedah thrashed Sabah FA with furious 5-1 result.
National team.
In November 2010, Faizal was called up to the Malaysia national squad by coach K. Rajagopal for the 2010 AFF Suzuki Cup. He was in the Malaysia team that won the 2010 AFF Suzuki Cup title for the first time in their history, although he never made any appearance in the tournament. Earlier in February 2010, he received his first appearance for Malaysia in the friendly match against Yemen.
He was also playing for the Malaysia national under-23 football team. He was in the squad that competes in the 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou. He was also in the team that competes for the 2012 Olympic Qualification preliminary round against Pakistan, coming on as a substitute in injury time in the second leg on 9 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18576029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576029" title="Consumer protection">
Consumer protection

Consumer protection is a group of laws and organizations designed to ensure the rights of consumers as well as fair trade competition and the free flow of truthful information in the marketplace. The laws are designed to prevent businesses that engage in fraud or specified unfair practices from gaining an advantage over competitors; they may also provide additional protection for the weak and those unable to take care of themselves. Consumer protection laws are a form of government regulation, which aim to protect the rights of consumers. For example, a government may require businesses to disclose detailed information about products—particularly in areas where safety or public health is an issue, such as food. Consumer protection is linked to the idea of consumer rights, and to the formation of consumer organizations, which help consumers make better choices in the marketplace and get help with consumer complaints.
Other organizations that promote consumer protection include government organizations and self-regulating business organizations such as consumer protection agencies and organizations, the Federal Trade Commission, ombudsmen, Better Business Bureaus, etc.
A consumer is defined as someone who acquires goods or services for direct use or ownership rather than for resale or use in production and manufacturing.
Consumer interests can also be protected by promoting competition in the markets which directly and indirectly serve consumers, consistent with economic efficiency, but this topic is treated in competition law.
Consumer protection can also be asserted via non-government organizations and individuals as consumer activism.
Consumer law.
Consumer protection law or consumer law is considered an area of law that regulates private law relationships between individual consumers and the businesses that sell those goods and services. Consumer protection covers a wide range of topics, including but not necessarily limited to product liability, privacy rights, unfair business practices, fraud, misrepresentation, and other consumer/business interactions.
It's a way of preventing fraud and scams from occ service and sales contracts, bill collector regulation, pricing, utility turnoffs, consolidation, personal loans that may lead to bankruptcy.
Australia.
In Australia, the corresponding agency is the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission or the individual State Consumer Affairs agencies. The Australian Securities and Investments Commission has responsibility for consumer protection regulation of financial services and products.
Germany.
A minister of the federal cabinet is responsible for consumer rights and protection ("Verbraucherschutzminister"). In the current cabinet of Angela Merkel, this is Ilse Aigner.
When issuing public warnings about products and services, the issuing authority has to take into account that this affects the supplier's constitutionally protected economic liberty (article 12 Basic Law, see Bundesverwaltungsgericht (Federal Administrative Court)Case 3 C 34.84, 71 BVerwGE 183).
India.
In India, the Consumer Protection Act of 1986 is the law governing consumer protection. Under this law, Separate Consumer Dispute Redressal Fora have been set up throughout India in each and every district in which a consumer can be filed by both the consumer of a goods as well as of the services can file his complaint on a simple paper with nominal court fees and his complaint will be decided by the Presiding Officer of the District Level. Appeal could be filed to the State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commissions and after that to the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (NCDRC). The procedures in these tribunals are relatively less formal and more people friendly and they also take less time to decide upon a consumer dispute when compared to the years long time taken by the traditional Indian Judiciary. In recent years, many effective judgement have been passed by some state and National Consumer Forums.
Republic of China (Taiwan).
Modern Chinese law has been heavily influenced by European civil law systems, particularly German and Swiss law. The Republic of China Civil Code contains five books: General Principles, Obligations, Rights over Things, Family, and Succession. The second book of the Code, the Book of Obligations, provided the basis from which consumers could bring products liability actions prior to the enactment of the CPL.
The Consumer Protection Law (CPL) in the Republic of China (Taiwan), as promulgated on January 11, 1994 and effective on January 13, 1994, specifically protects the interests and safety of customers using the products or services provided by business operators. The Consumer Protection Commission of Executive Yuan serves as an ombudsman supervising, coordinating, reporting any unsafe products/services and periodically reviewing the legislation.
According to the Pacific Rim Law & Policy Association and the American Chamber of Commerce, in a 1997 critical study, the law has been criticised "Although many agree that the intent of the CPL is fair, the CPL's various problems, such as ambiguous terminology, favoritism towards consumer protection groups, and the compensation liability defense, must be addressed before the CPL becomes a truly effective piece of legislation that will protect consumers"
United Kingdom.
The United Kingdom, as member state of the European Union, is bound by the consumer protection directives of the EU. Domestic (UK) laws originated within the ambit of contract and tort but, with the influence of EU law, it is emerging as an independent area of law. In many circumstances, where domestic law is in question, the matter judicially treated as tort, contract, restitution or even criminal law.
Consumer Protection issues are dealt with when complaints are made to the Director-General of Fair Trade. The Office of Fair Trading will then investigate, impose an injunction or take the matter to litigation. However, consumers cannot directly complain to the OFT. Complaints need to be made to the Citizens Advice Consumer Service (which has taken over from Consumer Direct) who will provide legal advice to complainants, or re-direct the individual complaint to Trading Standards for investigation. Due to restrictions within the Enterprise Act 2002, individual complainants are unable to be told whether their case is being investigated or not. In very rare cases, Consumer Direct may direct a very large number of complaints to the OFT to be considered as a systemic complaint. The OFT can also be engaged by consumer groups e.g. The Consumers Association or the statutory consumer protection body – Consumer Focus – via a super complaint. The OFT rarely prosecute companies, however, preferring a light touch regulation approach. Consumer complaints against companies are not published, but investigation work, undertakings and enforcements are located at. Many of the consumer protection laws e.g. Distance Selling Regulations 2000 or Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1999 (14 years ago) are actually UK implementations of EU directives. The OFT is one of the bodies responsible for enforcing these rules. This leads to a problem in that these examples of legislation are clearly designed to deal with individual complaints but the OFT will only deal with systemic complaints and will ignore individual complainants redirecting them back to Consumer Direct.
The Office of Fair Trading also acts as the UK's official consumer and competition watchdog, with a remit to make markets work well for consumers, and at a local, municipal level by Trading Standards departments. General consumer advice can be obtained from the Citizens Advice Consumer Service or via a local branch of the Citizen's Advice Bureau.
United States.
In the United States a variety of laws at both the federal and state levels regulate consumer affairs. Among them are the federal Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, Truth in Lending Act, Fair Credit Billing Act, and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Federal consumer protection laws are mainly enforced by the Federal Trade Commission, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and the U.S. Department of Justice.
At the state level, many states have adopted the Uniform Deceptive Trade Practices Act including, but not limited to, Delaware, Illinois, Maine, and Nebraska. The deceptive trade practices prohibited by the Uniform Act can be roughly subdivided into conduct involving either a) unfair or fraudulent business practice and b) untrue or misleading advertising. The Uniform Act contains a private remedy with attorneys fees for prevailing parties where the losing party "willfully engaged in the trade practice knowing it to be deceptive". Uniform Act §3(b). Also, the majority of states have a Department of Consumer Affairs devoted to regulating certain industries and protecting consumers who use goods and services from those industries. For example, in California, the California Department of Consumer Affairs regulates about 2.3 million professionals in over 230 different professions, through its forty regulatory entities. In addition, California encourages its consumers to act as private attorneys general through the liberal provisions of its Consumers Legal Remedies Act,
California has the strongest consumer protection laws of any US state, partly because of rigorous advocacy and lobbying by groups such as Utility Consumers' Action Network, Consumer Federation of California and Privacy Rights Clearinghouse.
Other states have been the leaders in specific aspects of consumer protection. For example Florida, Delaware and Minnesota have legislated requirements that contracts be written at reasonable readability levels as a large proportion of contracts cannot be understood by most consumers who sign them.
Constitutional laws.
46 national constitutions currently in place include some sort of consumer right.

</doc>
<doc id="18576056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576056" title="Frankie Callahan">
Frankie Callahan

Frankie Callahan was an American boxer from Brooklyn, New York. Frankie was undefeated in his first 5 fights.
Frankie fought Harlem Tommy Murphy. Both fighters fought to a draw in Brooklyn, New York.
Frankie fought Johnny Dundee two straight times and lost both fights by decision in Brooklyn, New York.
Frankie fought again in Dundee Cincinnati, Ohio. This time Frankie won by decision.
Frankie fought Rocky Kansas in Buffalo, New York and lost by decision.
Frankie would again face Dundee in Brooklyn, New York. The fight was a draw.
Frankie also fought Charley White in Brooklyn, New York. This fight would also be a draw.
Frankie met Dundee again this time in Boston, Massachusetts. Dundee would go on to win this fight by decision.
Frankie would also face Rocky Kansas again in Buffalo, New York. Frankie would win by decision.
Frankie fought Lew Tendler in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Tendler won by decision.
Frankie also fought George KO Chaney. The fight went to a draw in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Frankie would meet with Lew Tendler in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Tendler won by decision
Frankie would meet with Dundee for the last time in Boston, Massachusetts. Dundee won by decision.
Tendler and Frakie would meet 3 more times with Tendler winning all 3 fights. The first fight Tendler won by decision. The next two Tendler won by TKO.

</doc>
<doc id="18576088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576088" title="Dilettantes (album)">
Dilettantes (album)

Dilettantes is the eighth studio album by the Australian rock band You Am I, released on 13 September 2008. It was recorded at Electric Avenue Studios in Sydney and Sing Sing South in Melbourne before being mixed at Studio 301 in Sydney.
The first single, "Erasmus", was premiered on Triple J radio on Dools & Linda's show on 6 August, and was released on iTunes along with the album's title track as a downloadable single on 6 September. Video clips were released in November for "Beau Geste" and "Givin' Up And Gettin Fat" to be released as radio/iTunes singles.
The title track, "Dilettantes", was previewed as streaming audio on The Vine from 30 July 2008.
The iTunes Plus release includes a bonus video of live footage from a 1998 gig at the Budokan, supporting Soundgarden, on the "#4 Record" tour.
Songwriter Tim Rogers said of the album, "I think I'm as proud of that as I am of anything we've ever done."

</doc>
<doc id="18576091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576091" title="Gustav Huguenin">
Gustav Huguenin

Gustav Huguenin (July 17, 1840 - February 6, 1920) was a Swiss internist and pathologist who was a native of Krauchthal.
Biography.
He studied medicine at the Universities of Zürich, Prague, Vienna and Berlin, obtaining his medical doctorate in 1864. As a student he had as instructors: neurologist Wilhelm Griesinger (1817-1868), surgeon Theodor Billroth (1829-1894) and internist Michael Anton Biermer (1827-1892). 
In 1873 he succeeded Bernhard von Gudden (1824-1886) as director of the Burghölzli Psychiatric Hospital. From 1874 he served as director of the medical clinic in Zurich, offering his resignation in 1883 for health reasons. Afterwards, he practiced medicine in Zürich and Weissenburg.
Huguenin specialized in research of brain and nerve disorders. He contributed treatises on encephalitis, meningitis, et al. to Hugo von Ziemssen's "Handbuch der Speciellen Pathologie und Therapie". Other written works of his include:

</doc>
<doc id="18576099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576099" title="BCDMOS">
BCDMOS

BCDMOS is a complex circuit composed of Bipolar, CMOS and
LDMOS devices.
Features.
According to Maxim website, it is an innovative process characteristics that provides the following features:
According to Dongbu HiTek's news, it claims to launch the first 0.18-micrometre BCDMOS process in industry. The new process integrates logic, analog and hi-voltage functions to reduce size.

</doc>
<doc id="18576143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576143" title="Integrated Platform Management System">
Integrated Platform Management System

An integrated platform management system (IPMS) is a distributed architecture system used on board ships and submarines for the real-time monitoring and control of the vessel's hull, mechanical, electrical and damage control machinery and systems. Typical machinery, equipment and systems monitored and controlled by the IPMS include propulsion engines, gearboxes, fixed/controllable pitch propellers, power generation sets, power distribution switchboards and electrical distribution centres, damage control machinery such as fire pumps, and auxiliary machinery systems for heating, ventilation, air conditioning, chilled water, etc. In essence, the IPMS controls all of the equipment on board a warship, excluding the combat related weapons/sensors and the ship's communication and navigation equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="18576162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576162" title="Confirm or Deny">
Confirm or Deny

Confirm or Deny is a 1941 film made by 20th Century Fox, directed by Archie Mayo & Fritz Lang (uncredited), and starring by Don Ameche and Joan Bennett. The screenplay was written by Jo Swerling, based on a story by Samuel Fuller and Henry Wales.
Plot Summary.
American war correspondent Mitchell is stationed in London in September 1940, working for Consolidated Press of America. Mitch is ambitious to get his news of the coming German invasion over to his editor in America as fast as possible. He starts using Sir Titus Scott's wire from Penzance in Cornwall to save forty minutes, and two carrier pigeons, operated by young Albert Perkins and the elderly Mr. Bindle to get his reports to the wire station.
During one of the many air raids against London, Mitch is fortunate enough to meet Jennifer Carson, who works as an teletype operator for the British government. They spend some time together in one of the bomb shelters and get to know each other. The Consolidated ofiice is deatroyed in the raid, but Mitch convinces Jennifer's employer to let him use her and a teletype machine to send news from a wine cellar at the Regency Hotel.
However, the news are censored by an official, Captain Lionel Channing, and he won't allow any news revealing information about the German offensive to go through to the news agencies.
Mitch's focus shifts slightly when he falls in love with Jennifer, but soon there is another raid where a bomb plunges all the way down into the cellar where they are working. The place is evacuated, and everyone but Mitch and Jennifer leaves. Another bomb closes the entrance and they are trapped inside the cellar.
Jennifer is worried that Mitch's ambition to send news from the front will damage the intelligence work against the Nazis. She tries to convince Mitch to give up wiring the information, but he doesn't give in. Albert telephones to bring the latest news, and Mitch passes them on to New York, but in the middle of the phone call, a bomb falls and kills Albert.
Mitch is devastated by Albert's death. The New York office keeps sending him the same message over and over again, asking "Confirm or deny?".
Before the rescue team get through the rubble and free them, Mitch manages to send a short story about the brave boy and his work, together with a letter of resignation. Mitch and Jennifer then leave the wine cellar together.

</doc>
<doc id="18576167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576167" title="New Zealand State Highway 67">
New Zealand State Highway 67

State Highway 67 is a New Zealand State Highway located in the northern parts of the South Island of New Zealand. It is 51.2 km long and connects State Highway 6 with the settlement of Mokihinui. It used to be 96 kilometres long and ran the entire length of the road to Karamea. The highway and its spur serves the large West Coast town of Westport and lies entirely within the Buller District.
Route.
SH 67 starts at SH 6 and proceeds in a northerly direction until the intersection with SH 67A. There the road turns right and crosses the Buller River to enter the township of Westport. Once in the CBD, the highway turns right and proceeds in an easterly direction until it crosses the Orowaiti River.
The road passes through alternating areas of farmland and temperate rainforest vegetation as it passes the settlements of Waimangaroa (turn right here for Denniston), Granity (turn right here for Millerton, Stockton and Stockton Mine), Ngakwau and Hector. Before Hector the road crosses the Ngakawau River.
Beyond Hector, the road acts as a frontier between the coastline and the adjoining hills until it reaches Waimarie and Summerlea, where it swings inland towards Mokihinui (turn here to Seddonville. After crossing the Mokihinui River, the highway number officially terminates here but the road continues on towards Karamea with the red shield superseded by white shields as Regional Route 67 ().
Spur Sections.
State Highway 67A is a New Zealand State Highway and a spur of SH 67. It is 8.9 km long and connects Westport with the settlements of Carters Beach and Cape Foulwind, as well as the Holcim cement plant which plays a significant part in the local economy.

</doc>
<doc id="18576177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576177" title="Yaakov Eliezer Schwartzman">
Yaakov Eliezer Schwartzman

Yaakov Eliezer Schwartzman is an Orthodox Jewish rabbi and rosh yeshiva of the Lakewood East yeshiva in Ramot, Jerusalem, Israel. 
He is the son of Rabbi Dov Schwartzman, the eldest grandson of Rabbi Aharon Kotler, the son-in-law of Rabbi Shlomo Wolbe, and the great-grandson of Rabbi Isser Zalman Meltzer. His brother, Rabbi Zevulun Schwartzman, Was the Rosh Kollel of Etz Chaim Yeshiva.

</doc>
<doc id="18576189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576189" title="Barbershop Digest">
Barbershop Digest

Barbershop Digest is a full-color narrowcast niche publication, reaching African-American men across a diverse section of demographics. Revealing, entertaining and thought provoking, Barbershop Digest is a publication on the pulse of African-American men. 
"Barbershop Digest" is the only magazine with a focus on the culture that encompasses African-American men. If the subject is discussed in the culture of the barbershop, the magazine covers it with edgy provocative content and stunning visual images. 
"Barbershop Digest" is slated to have a one-year test run in Atlanta before making a regional launch in the Southeast followed soon after by a national campaign. 
History.
Origins.
"Barbershop Digest" is the brainchild of editor-in-chef Brian Egeston. Egeston producing the monthly publication along with his co-worker, neighbor and creative director Travis Hudgons. College friend Angus Wilson is the magazine's business manager and Donna Turner serves as the marketing manager and copy editor Andy Phelan.
Just like a barber, "Barbershop Digest"'s survival depends on word of mouth. Loyalty takes time.
And Egeston is aiming high, trying to pass on the inspiration barbershops have given him.
"Luther King hustled for nonviolence. Obama is out there hustling for change," he told readers in a recent issue. 
"And here we are at Barbershop Digest hustling for you, to give you a product that is motivation and inspiration for you to hustle. ... It's not about us, it really is about the kat cutting heads all day and the guy who's worked all day and just needs to relax in the barber's chair and get his batteries recharged with a fresh fade. It's about the dude pushing his items so that somebody can eat or go to college. We've all got to find our motivation to hustle." 
Circulation and Distribution.
"Barbershop Digest" distributes an average of 20,000 copies throughout the metro Atlanta area and reaching an estimated 85,000 readers.

</doc>
<doc id="18576196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576196" title="Lariat chain">
Lariat chain

A Lariat chain is a loop of chain that hangs off, and is spun by a wheel. It is often used as a science exhibit or a toy. 
The original Lariat Chain was created in 1986 by Norman Tuck, as an Artist-in-Residence project at the Exploratorium in San Francisco. 
Lariat Chain was developed from an earlier Tuck piece entitled Chain Reaction (1984). Chain Reaction was hand cranked, and utilized a heavy chain attached by magnets onto an iron flywheel. As in Lariat Chain, Chain Reaction used a brush to affect the motion of the traveling chain. 
The speed of the chain is arranged to equal the wave speed of transverse waves, so that waves moving against the motion of the chain appear to be standing still.

</doc>
<doc id="18576202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576202" title="Rodelio Astudillo">
Rodelio Astudillo

Rodelio Astudillo is an American photographer, best known for the celebrity photobooth, where he has taken thousands of photographs of hundreds of the world's best known television and movie personalities in a simulated photobooth, getting celebrities such as Eva Longoria, Paris Hilton, the cast of The Sopranos, directors Ang Lee and The Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson, and even astronaut Buzz Aldrin to ham it up for him.
Early life.
Astudillo was born in the Philippines, but grew up in Los Angeles California, though he lived throughout the Eastern United States, including Upstate New York, Indiana, Missouri. He studied English Literature in college and was an avid surfer and diver, interests he picked up while attending the combat diver course at the United States Naval Air Station, Trumbo Point Annex, Key West, Florida, while in the military.
Astudillo left school twice to join the army before graduating, where he served in a reconnaissance platoon of a U.S. Army Ranger Regimental Detachment (RRD) based out of Fort Bragg, North Carolina. He declined re-enlistment after his last combat-related injuries, earning the rank of staff sergeant, but ironically found himself back in various war zones when he served as a war photographer for the following two years.
While in college, Astudillo was influenced by a black-and-white photography class taught by the University's then Art Department Chair, Richard Ross, the principal photographer for the Getty Conservation Institute. After further encouragement by Ross and the subsequent color photography course, Astudillo was determined to become a photographer, even if self-taught.
After graduating from college, Astudillo held a series of jobs, including work as a bounty hunter, a consultant, and a combat photographer. After considering employment in Blackwater USA, Astudillo decided to finish his studies.
Photography.
Astudillo began working as a war photographer for nearly two years, where he was wounded on more than one occasion. He has documented a variety of armed conflicts, spending time in Latin America, Europe and the Middle East.
Astudillo's experiences in the military profoundly influenced his early photography, drawn to social issues which included stories on gang violence, the homeless, and Hollywood vice. He moved into mainstream photography only after a series of close calls while on assignment in the Middle East conflict, switching to magazine editorial and still photography, although the eclecticism remained, from his photo series on the Los Angeles Coroner's Office morgue in downtown Los Angeles, to the photo story of a multi-national skinhead wedding in San Francisco, California.
He began shooting reportage photography for a number of entertainment magazines and studios using his photojournalism experience. His celebrity photography includes portraiture, often using a single source of light, an influence of one of his favorite photographers, celebrity and fashion photographer, Robert Maxwell. One of the highlights of his career was the opportunity to photograph Maxwell in the photobooth.
Astudillo's other photographic influences include instruction by photographer Richard Ross at the University of California, Santa Barbara, Charles Biasini, Elliott Erwitt, Guy Bourdin, Sean Ellis, Richard Avedon, Duane Michals, Patrick Demarchelier, Annie Leibovitz, James Nachtwey, Eddie Adams and the encouragement of his ranger detachment SRS, Sapu Maiava, and that of his brother, Godofredo Astudillo, a filmmaker and photo editor.

</doc>
<doc id="18576207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576207" title="Social information processing">
Social information processing

Social information processing is "an activity through which collective human actions organize knowledge." It is the creation and processing of information by a group of people. As an academic field Social Information Processing studies the information processing power of networked social systems.
Typically computer tools are used such as:
Although computers are often used to facilitate networking and collaboration, they are not required. For example the "Trictionary" in 1982 was entirely paper and pen based, relying on neighborhood social networks and libraries. The creation of the "Oxford English Dictionary" in the 19th century was done largely with the help of anonymous volunteers organized by help wanted adds in newspapers and slips of paper sent through the postal mail.
Current state of knowledge.
The website for the AAAI 2008 Spring Symposium on Social Information Processing suggested the following topics and questions:

</doc>
<doc id="18576216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576216" title="Jeff Dye">
Jeff Dye

Jeff Dye is an American comedian, actor and television host who has hosted two series for MTV—"Numbnuts" and "Money From Strangers". Dye performed at the TBS Comedy Festival in Chicago and "Comedy Central's Live At Gotham" before starring in his own half-hour comedy special titled "Comedy Central Presents Jeff Dye" that aired in 2010. Dye gained national attention when he was a finalist on NBC's series "Last Comic Standing" and then performed in a 50 city tour with the other top vote winners. He previously won the Giggles 10th Annual Laff-Off (2007) in his native Seattle, and was selected to perform at the Just For Laughs Festival in Montreal. As of 2011, Dye was a recurring cast member on ABC's show "".

</doc>
<doc id="18576233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576233" title="Mary Elizabeth Turner">
Mary Elizabeth Turner

Mary Elizabeth Turner (1854–1907) was an English embroiderer who exhibited her work at the 1890 exposition of the Arts and Crafts Exhibition Society, for which she wrote an essay on modern embroidery. Identified with the Arts and Crafts Movement, she was a founder with May Morris of the Women’s Guild of Arts. Her husband was the architect Hugh Thackeray Turner.

</doc>
<doc id="18576239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576239" title="Héctor Mercado">
Héctor Mercado

Héctor Luis Mercado (born April 29, 1974) is a former professional baseball pitcher, born in Cataño, Puerto Rico. Mercado played all or part of four seasons in Major League Baseball, as well as one season in Nippon Professional Baseball in Japan. Mercado was listed at 6' 3" in height, and 235 lb. in weight. Mercado batted and threw left-handed during his baseball career.
Mercado played for the Cincinnati Reds and the Philadelphia Phillies during his major league career. He also played one season in Japan for the Fukuoka Daiei Hawks in 2004. He is currently the pitching coach for the Greeneville Astros.
Playing career.
Bouncing around the minors.
On June 1, 1992, Hector Mercado was drafted by the Houston Astros in the 13th round of the 1992 Major League Baseball Draft. Mercado signed with the Astros on June 4. On December 9, 1996, Mercado was again drafted, but this time by the Florida Marlins from the Houston Astros in the 1996 minor league draft. On December 15, 1997, Mercado was drafted by the Philadelphia Phillies from the Florida Marlins in the 1997 rule 5 draft, and on exactly the same day, Mercado was traded by the Phillies to the New York Mets for Mike Welch.
Mercado missed the entire 1998 season due to injury. On August 4, 1999, the New York Mets released Mercado, making him a free agent. Mercado signed with the Cincinnati Reds on December 31.
Major League Baseball career.
Debut.
Héctor Mercado made his major league debut on April 4, 2000 with the Cincinnati Reds at the age of 25. On that day, the Milwaukee Brewers were playing against the Cincinnati Reds at Cinergy Field, with 16,761 people attending the game. Mercado was called on to relieve Scott Sullivan in the 9th inning. Mercado allowed one hit, one run, and ended the inning and game with an ERA of 9.00. The Reds lost the game 5–1.
Bouncing around again.
On March 30, 2002, the Cincinnati Reds sent Mercado to the Philadelphia Phillies to complete an earlier deal made on March 28. The Cincinnati Reds sent Hector Mercado to the Philadelphia Phillies for Reggie Taylor. He was granted free agency on September 29, 2003, having played in his final major league game on July 11 of that year.
International baseball.
In 2004, Mercado played one game in Japan for the Fukuoka Daiei Hawks. The next season, Mercado was signed as a free agent with the St. Louis Cardinals, on February 2, 2005, only to be released before the season began. He caught on with the Bridgeport Bluefish of the Atlantic League, and on June 23, 2005, Mercado was purchased from them by the Texas Rangers. On October 15, 2005, Mercado was yet again granted free agency, signing with the Detroit Tigers on January 4, 2006. On July 7, 2006, the Detroit Tigers released Mercado.
In 2007, Mercado returned to the Bluefish, appearing in 33 games. In 2008, he started the season in the Mexican League with the Saraperos de Saltillo. Later that year, he played with the Cariparma Parma of the Italian Baseball League to finish his playing career.
Coaching career.
In 2010, Mercado served as the pitching coach of the Gulf Coast League Astros. In 2011, he was promoted to Kissimmee.

</doc>
<doc id="18576261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576261" title="Heterosexual–homosexual continuum">
Heterosexual–homosexual continuum

The concept of the heterosexual–homosexual continuum (also referred to as the sexual orientation continuum) is a psychological and philosophical understanding of human sexuality that places sexual orientation on a continuous spectrum from heterosexuality to homosexuality, with sexuality ranging from exclusive attraction to the opposite sex to exclusive attraction to the same sex.
This concept stems from Alfred Kinsey's 1940s surveys of sexuality; significant numbers of Kinsey's subjects reported bisexuality of varying degrees, rather than the strict heterosexual/homosexual division that had been previously assumed. This work was expanded by Fritz Klein, who hypothesized that sexual orientation was a dynamic, multi-variable process, involving attraction, behavior, fantasies, emotional and social preferences, self-identification, and lifestyle. This continuum was an important influence on the feminist and gay-rights movements of the 1970s and 1980s as academics and movement leaders tried to distinguish between one's sex—e.g. being male or female—and the social, cultural, and psychological aspects of gender and sexuality.
According to a 2005 statement by the American Psychological Association:

</doc>
<doc id="18576293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576293" title="Colchester Reef Light">
Colchester Reef Light

The Colchester Reef Light in Vermont was a lighthouse off Colchester Point (northwest of Burlington, Vermont) in Lake Champlain. It was moved to the Shelburne Museum in Shelburne, Vermont in 1956.
In 1869 the United States Lighthouse Service commissioned the building of the Colchester Reef Lighthouse on Lake Champlain to protect ships from the “Middle Bunch Reef,” comprising the Colchester Reef, the Colchester Shoals, and the Hogback Reef.
Architecture.
This lighthouse was one of a group of New England lighthouses built to the same plan. Nearly identical lighthouses were constructed at Sabin Point, Pomham Rocks, and Rose Island.
In the mid-nineteenth century, due in large part to the booming lumber business, which relied on easy shipping of raw timber from Canada to planing mills in western Vermont, commerce on Lake Champlain significantly increased. To protect ships in potentially hazardous waterways, the Lighthouse Service held a national competition for lighthouse designs, and Albert R. Dow, a Burlington native from the University of Vermont, won the commission. The Lighthouse Service implemented Dow’s designs in building the Colchester Reef Lighthouse, which marked the reef consisting of several groups of exposed rocks northwest of Colchester Point. It was completed in 1871.
Because the lighthouse needed to endure the lake’s strong winds and heavy winter ice-floes, Dow pegged and bolted together the lighthouse’s twenty-five-foot square stone foundation, post-and-beam frame and tower, and slate and tin roof. Dow then secured the entire building with one and a half inch thick iron rods to assure its stability. Despite Dow’s focus on the building’s framework, he ornamented his lighthouse with a mansard roof and scrolled window frames typical of the then-fashionable French Second Empire style. A sixth order Fresnel lens exhibited a fixed red light beginning in 1871.
Use.
The lighthouse served as both the home and workplace of eleven successive keepers and their families. The first floor was divided into a living room and kitchen and the second floor into four bedrooms. Coal stoves provided heat while large pumps retrieved water from the lake. The keepers used the nearby island to the north, Hogback Island, as farmland. The Island was auctioned off in 1956 after the lighthouse was decommissioned and was renamed Sunset Island.
The exposed location and northerly climate meant that ice figured heavily in incidents involving the lighthouse. In one instance, the keeper's wife went into labor in January 1888. Summoned by the fog bell, the doctor and his assistant attempted to cross the ice, but were blown north when it broke up, eventually landing safely at South Hero Island (also known as Grand Isle), four miles to the north. The baby was safely born with the father assisting alone.
The move.
In 1933 the Lighthouse Service decommissioned the Colchester Reef Lighthouse after the automatic electric beacon made the hand-operated system obsolete. Over the years the light suffered damage from ice floes and gradually fell into disrepair. Nineteen years later, in 1952, it was put up for auction and sold to Mr. & Mrs. Paul and Lorraine Bessette of Winooski, VT. for $50, to be dismantled for timber to construct a home. After this sale, Vermont historian Ralph Nading Hill ferried Electra Webb to the now-derelict lighthouse. Entranced, she persuaded the Bessettes to sell it for $1300 and substitute building materials. Webb purchased the lighthouse and had it moved to the museum grounds in the fall. Undaunted by the hazards involved, her veteran crew catalogued each piece of the building before moving the heavy beams, stairways, doors, and windows to reconstruct the building on museum grounds.
The Coast Guard donated the lens, fog bell, and striking mechanism, and in 2006 assisted with the mounting of a modern solar-powered beacon in the lantern, allowing the beacon to be lit for the first time since its decommissioning. With the house removed, a modern steel tower was mounted on the pier.
Collection.
Furniture.
Shelburne Museum’s furniture collection represents the different styles and tastes of 18th and 19th century America. It includes examples of the most sophisticated urban furniture produced in the nation as well as many simpler pieces made by country cabinetmakers for use in rural homes. These country pieces include one of the greatest strengths of the museum – its collection of paint-decorated furniture. 
During the American industrial revolution (ca. 1865-1900) the furniture industry, like every other major industry, was mechanized. Individual craftspeople and designers like Louis Comfort Tiffany, whose work can be seen in the Electra Havemeyer Webb Memorial Building continued to work for upper class patrons, but inexpensive, factory-made chairs, tables, beds, and stands flooded and eager market of middle-class Victorians. The popularity of carved decoration and elaborate upholster, characteristic of the period, can be seen on the furniture displayed in the parlor of the Lightouse and on the promenade deck of the Ticonderoga (see Ticonderoga (steamboat)). 

</doc>
<doc id="18576298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576298" title="Alliance Films">
Alliance Films

Alliance Films (formerly Alliance Entertainment, Alliance Communications, Alliance Atlantis Releasing LTD or CIC Canada and also known as Alliance VivaFilm in Quebec) was a major Canadian motion picture distribution/production company, which had served Canada, the United Kingdom, and Spain. It is part of the Entertainment One group and has been folded into eOne due to the January 9, 2013 acquisition. It was one of the major motion picture distribution/production companies to distribute independent films outside the United States.
History.
Alliance Films era (1984–2012).
It was formed in 1984 by Stephen Roth, Denis Héroux, John Kemeny, Robert Lantos, Andras Hamori and Susan Cavan as Alliance Entertainment. It acquired a Montreal-based Francophone distribution company, Vivafilm, in 1990. In 1998, it merged with Atlantis Communications, forming Alliance Atlantis Communications.
Formally known as Motion Picture Distribution LP, it was re branded and relaunched in 2007 due to the collapse of its preceding company, Alliance Atlantis, which was sold off piece by piece to CanWest Global, GS Capital Partners, along with several other smaller companies. Société générale de financement du Québec, an investment agency of the provincial government, owns 51% of the voting shares of the company and 38.5% of the equity. GS Capital owns the remainder of the company.
Alliance Films was headquartered in Montreal, Quebec, in the Quartier International.
In the mid-2000s, Alliance Films began to produce films in moderation. In addition to producing films as "The Rocket" with Cinémaginaire (as well as other movies), "National Lampoon's Senior Trip" with New Line Cinema and "Munich" with Universal Pictures, DreamWorks SKG and Amblin Entertainment of and before the days of Alliance Atlantis respectively, they were responsible for co-producing the 2008 teen slasher "Prom Night" with Screen Gems and Original Film. They also produced and distributed the war drama "Passchendaele", and co-produced the comedy "Stone of Destiny" with Infinity Features Entertainment and The Mob Film Company. They are also responsible for co-producing the 2011 horror film "Insidious" with FilmDistrict and "Wanderlust" with Universal Pictures and Apatow Productions.
In 2010, Alliance Films expanded its home video operations with an aggressive push into the TV-on-DVD market. It began releasing various television series on DVD, the majority are Canadian productions or Canadian co-productions. To date they have released over 20 series and continue to release more.
On June 24, 2011, Alliance Films bought Maple Pictures from Lions Gate Entertainment (Maple's former owner) for a sum of 38.5 million dollars.
In partnership with Cineplex Entertainment, Alliance Films also operates Alliance Cinemas, owner of two Toronto-area theatres. During the MPD era, all materials relating to Alliance Atlantis–distributed films contained a disclaimer stating that Alliance Atlantis was "an indirect limited partner of Motion Picture Distribution LP, not a general partner". However, in fact, the company controlled the general partner of the partnership, and hence effectively controlled the distribution unit itself.
Since early 2010 Alliance Films has been partnering with Jason Blum and his BlumHouse Productions to produce low budget horror films. This began with "Insidious" which was released in 2011. The next to be released was "Sinister" in 2012 and "Dark Skies" in 2013. Since the 2013 acquisition and absorption, it is unclear if eOne will be a partner on subsequent BlumHouse films and their sequels.
On January 3, 2012, it was announced that Goldman Sachs Group is looking to sell its majority stake in Alliance Films.
Entertainment One era (2013–present).
On May 28, 2012, Entertainment One (eOne) confirmed their bid to purchase Alliance Films from Goldman Sachs Group, similar to the purchase of Maple Pictures a year prior. The purchase would later be finalized once the deal was approved by the Canadian Competition Bureau, which it received months later.
On January 9, 2013, Entertainment One (eOne) completed transaction of Alliance Films for $225 million and has merged Alliance Films and all of their subsidiaries under the Entertainment One brand.
Distribution.
Alliance Films has distributed all or some of the following companies' films before the eOne acquisition:
NOTE: Alliance Films' video releases were distributed by Universal Studios Home Entertainment, until the acquisition by eOne.
Divisions.
Alliance Films also operates the following international subsidiaries:
TV series.
The following is a list of TV series that have been released on DVD by Alliance Films:
Alliance Films is the official Canadian distributor for the following series:

</doc>
<doc id="18576304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576304" title="Covariance (disambiguation)">
Covariance (disambiguation)

In mathematics and physics, covariance is a measure of how much two variables change together, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18576313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576313" title="List of jazz-influenced classical compositions">
List of jazz-influenced classical compositions

The following is a list of jazz-influenced classical compositions. Classical music has often incorporated elements or material from popular music of the composer's time. Jazz has influenced classical music particularly early- and mid-20th-century composers including Maurice Ravel.

</doc>
<doc id="18576341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576341" title="Shore Club">
Shore Club

The Shore Club is located in Hubbards, Nova Scotia and was opened in 1946. Now in the third generation of owners, Shore Club is the home of the "Original Nova Scotian Lobster Supper" and is also the "Last of the Great Dance Halls" built after the second world war. 
History.
Roy Harnish started building the Shore Club in May 1946, with the first supper and dance taking place only three months later on August 25. Roy and wife, Lois, were active operators of the club until 1985.
Today, Rhys Harnish, a third generation Harnish (with son Luke close behind), continues the legacy started by his father, Roy, in 1946, that of running the restaurant. To date well over one million lobsters have been served.
While the Shore Club dates back more than 60 years, its history runs even deeper. Its first lobster supper was cooked in a cooper cook pot from the USS "Chesapeake".
On June 1, 1813, HMS "Shannon" had entered Boston Harbor and in a battle lasting less than 15 minutes had captured the "Chesapeake". The "Chesapeake" was towed into Halifax Harbour where its chattels were auctioned. Its large copper cook pot eventually ended in the possession of Guy Harnish (Roy's father).
On August 5, 1936 Guy, who had been approached by The Gyro International Club to host their national convention, catered the first "Lobster Supper" on Hubbards Beach. The old "Chesapeake" pot was shined up and cooked its fist meal in over 120 years. The lobster supper was a great success, and soon more groups came to eat lobster on Hubbards Beach. Today the old cook pot can be seen at Maritime Museum of the Atlantic.

</doc>
<doc id="18576349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576349" title="Take Cover">
Take Cover

Take Cover may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18576363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576363" title="Rivington Bisland">
Rivington Bisland

Rivington Martin Bisland was a professional baseball player. He played parts of three seasons in Major League Baseball for three different teams between 1912 and 1914, primarily as a shortstop.
During his brief major league career, Bisland seemed to be the very definition of good-field, no-hit, recording an above-average fielding percentage while batting just .118.

</doc>
<doc id="18576384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576384" title="Billy Montana">
Billy Montana

Billy Montana (born September 28, 1959 in Voorheesville, New York) is an American country music singer-songwriter. Between 1987 and 1995, Montana released one studio album and charted six singles on "Billboard"s Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. As a songwriter, Montana's songs have been recorded by Garth Brooks, Sara Evans, Jo Dee Messina, Tim McGraw, Martina McBride, Sister Hazel and Kenny Rogers, among others.
Career.
Singer.
In the late 1980s, Montana and his brother, Kyle, formed a country music group with Bobby Kendall, Dave Flint and Doug Bernhard. Billy Montana & the Long Shots signed with Warner Bros. Records and charted three singles on "Billboard"'s Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart before disbanding without releasing an album. Their highest charting single, "Baby I Was Leaving Anyhow," peaked at No. 40 in 1987. After the group disbanded, Montana moved to Nashville in 1989 to pursue his dream of songwriting.
In 1994, Magnatone Records signed Montana to a solo record deal. His debut album, "No Yesterday", was released in April 1995. Three singles were released from the project and charted on "Billboard"'s Hot Country Singles & Tracks, the highest of which peaked at No. 55. One of the album's tracks, "A Clean Mind and Dirty Hands," was named Song of the Year by Farm Journal in 1996 as the song best depicting genuine farm life.
Songwriter.
Montana was signed to a songwriting deal with Moraine Music in 1994. He was picked up by Curb Publishing in a joint venture in 2000. The following year, Jo Dee Messina released Montana's "Bring On the Rain" as a single. The song topped "Billboard"'s Hot Country Singles & Tracks in March 2002 and was nominated for a Grammy Award. Montana has since written No. 1 songs for Sara Evans ("Suds in the Bucket") and Garth Brooks ("More Than a Memory"). "More Than a Memory" debuted at No. 1 on "Billboard"'s Hot Country Songs chart in September 2007, becoming the first song in the chart's entire history to accomplish that feat.
Family.
Billy Montana's son, Randy Montana, signed to Mercury Nashville in 2010. The younger Montana has reached Top 40 on the country music charts with "Ain't Much Left of Lovin' You" and "1,000 Faces".

</doc>
<doc id="18576386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576386" title="Sandy Allen (D.C. Council)">
Sandy Allen (D.C. Council)

Sandra C. "Sandy" Allen (born c. 1943) is a Democratic politician in Washington, D.C. She was elected as the Ward 8 member of the Council of the District of Columbia in 1996 and served in that position until 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18576398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576398" title="I Met My Love Again">
I Met My Love Again

I Met My Love Again (1938) is an American romantic drama film distributed by United Artists, directed by Joshua Logan, Arthur Ripley and George Cukor. The screenplay was written by David Hertz, based on the novel "Summer Lightning" by Allene Corliss. The film stars Joan Bennett and Henry Fonda.
Synopsis.
Two young sweethearts, Julie and Ives, are separated. As the years go by, she becomes a widow, and he a professor. Eventually they are reunited.
Reception.
The film didn't make a profit, but lost $64,104.

</doc>
<doc id="18576403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576403" title="Noz">
Noz

Noz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18576425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576425" title="Alexandra Stoddard">
Alexandra Stoddard

Alexandra Stoddard is an author, well known interior designer and lifestyle philosopher. She is also the mother of two daughters, Alexandra(A. B. Stoddard.) and Brooke. Ms. Stoddard's published works (28 books as of April 2013) include "Living a Beautiful Life: 500 Ways to Add Elegance, Order, Beauty and Joy to Every Day of Your Life, Choosing Happiness: Keys to a Joyful Life, Things I Want My Daughters to Know: A Small Book About the Big Issues in Life, and You Are Your Choices: 50 Ways to Live the Good Life, Happiness For Two: 75 Secrets for Finding More Joy Together, Things Good Mothers Know".
She is married to Peter Megargee Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="18576434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576434" title="Ildefonso Elorreaga">
Ildefonso Elorreaga

Ildefonso Elorreaga (Álava, Spain; 1782 - † Chacabuco, Chile; February 12, 1817) was a Spanish Army officer who participated in the Chilean War of Independence. 
Elorreaga was born in the town of Aspurú, in Spain, but arrived very young to Chile, settling in Concepción. He initially joined the Spanish Army, but left it soon after to marry Manuela Díaz de Salcedo and dedicate himself to commercial activities. 
When Brigadier Antonio Pareja arrived in 1813 at the head of his expedition, he recruited Elorreaga as a cavalry militia commander. As such, he participated in almost all the battles of the Patria Vieja campaigns, being specially notable his capture of Talca and his participation at the Battle of Rancagua.
After the Spanish government had been reestablished, he was named District Chief of Coquimbo, and on November 13, 1816 Military Commander of Aconcagua. He died at the head of his troops during the Battle of Chacabuco.

</doc>
<doc id="18576441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576441" title="PopStar Guitar">
PopStar Guitar

PopStar Guitar is a music game for the Wii and PlayStation 2.
Gameplay.
In "PopStar Guitar", players embark on a journey as a budding guitarist with aspirations of becoming the ultimate pop music sensation. Throughout the game, players develop skills to help them achieve their goal of success on the main stage of a worldwide Battle of the Bands competition, which will bring them international stardom. 
The career mode will see the player starting as a member of a garage band before touring across the 25 different in game venues before performing at the Battle Of The Bands. The game features 12 playable characters (6 male/6 female) to choose from, and players are able to customize their look and the instruments they play.
The game is played similar to other music games with players trying to press buttons as they follow scrolling notes onscreen. The PlayStation 2 version supports guitar controllers for play, while the Wii version will come packaged with one AirG controller shell allowing players to play air guitar-style using only the Wii Remote and Nunchuk.
Soundtrack.
The game features a line-up of 60 songs, which includes original mastered tracks from pop and rock artists. These songs include:
Reception.
IGN called the Wii version of the game "a wholly unnecessary piece of shovelware" that was "clunky, fugly" and with a "bottom-of-the-barrel" soundtrack, though they believed the AirG peripheral worked well. They gave it 3.5/10.

</doc>
<doc id="18576442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576442" title="Platinum as an investment">
Platinum as an investment

Platinum has a much shorter history in the financial sector than either gold or silver, which were known to ancient civilizations.
Platinum is relatively scarce even among the precious metals. New mine production totals approximately only five million troy ounces (150 Mg) a year. In contrast, gold mine production runs approximately 82 million ounces (2,550 Mg) a year and silver production is approximately 547 million ounces (17,000 Mg). As such, it tends to trade at higher per-unit prices.
Platinum is traded on the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) and the London Platinum and Palladium Market. To be saleable on most commodity markets, platinum ingots must be assayed and hallmarked in a manner similar to the way gold and silver are.
The price of platinum changes along with its supply and demand; during periods of sustained economic stability and growth, the price of platinum tends to be as much as twice the price of gold; whereas, during periods of economic uncertainty, the price of platinum tends to decrease because of reduced demand, falling below the price of gold, partly due to increased gold prices. Platinum price peaked at US$2,252 per troy ounce in March 2008 driven on production concerns (brought about partly due to power delivery problems to South African mines). It subsequently fell to US$774 per troy ounce ($25/g) in November 2008. As of January 10, 2014, the platinum spot price in New York is US$1,428 per ounce, compared to US$1,246.20 per ounce for gold and US$20.18 per ounce for silver. Platinum is traded in the spot market with the code "XPT". When settled in United States Dollars, the code is "XPTUSD".
Investment vehicles.
Exchange-traded products.
Platinum is traded as an ETF (exchange-traded fund) on the London Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol and on the New York Stock Exchange as ticker symbol 
There are also several ETNs (exchange-traded note) available, some of which are inverse to the price of platinum. A list can be found at ETFDB, stock encyclopedia.
Platinum coins.
Platinum coins are another way to invest in platinum, although relatively few varieties of platinum coins have been minted, due to its cost and difficulty in working. Since 1997, the United States Mint has sold American Platinum Eagle coins to bullion investors.
Accounts.
Most Swiss banks offer platinum accounts where platinum can be instantly bought or sold just like any foreign currency. Unlike physical platinum, the customer does not own the actual metal but rather has a claim against the bank for a certain quantity of metal.

</doc>
<doc id="18576455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576455" title="Tilo Prückner">
Tilo Prückner

Tilo Prückner (born 26 October 1940) is a German television and film actor. His career has spanned five decades and more than 100 films. He is the uncle of actor Christoph Prückner.

</doc>
<doc id="18576456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576456" title="List of actors nominated for Academy Awards for foreign language performances">
List of actors nominated for Academy Awards for foreign language performances

The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has given Academy Awards to actors and actresses for foreign language (non-English) performances in films, with the first award given in 1961. For an actor or actress to be eligible for any of the Academy Awards for Best Actor, Best Actress, Best Supporting Actor, or Best Supporting Actress for a foreign language performance in a film produced outside the United States, the film must have been commercially released in Los Angeles County and have English subtitles with the theatrical release.
, 28 actors and actresses have been nominated for Academy Awards for foreign language performances. Eight of these actors and actresses have received Academy Awards for their performances. Five have had multiple Academy Award nominations: Marcello Mastroianni (three Best Actor nominations), Isabelle Adjani (two Best Actress nominations), Sophia Loren (one Academy Award for Best Actress for "Two Women" and one other Best Actress nomination), Liv Ullmann (two Best Actress nominations)., and Penélope Cruz (one Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for "Vicky Cristina Barcelona" and one Best Actress nomination).

</doc>
<doc id="18576464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576464" title="Insight (Adventist magazine)">
Insight (Adventist magazine)

Insight is a weekly magazine aimed at Seventh-day Adventist young people, published by Review and Herald. It has been described as one of the "most important" Adventist magazines.
History.
The predecessor magazine known as "The Youth's Instructor" was established in 1852 by James White, husband of Ellen G. White. It was distributed primarily through Sabbath school.
Under the editorship of Lora E. Clement in the early-mid 1900s, the circulation increased from about 25,000 to 50,000.
"The Youth's Instructor" was replaced by "Insight" in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="18576471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576471" title="List of people with surname Agate">
List of people with surname Agate

Agate is a surname shared by several notable people, including:
References.
Citation support for statements in biographical articles which also appear here are to be found in the biographical articles themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="18576472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576472" title="Arseny Sokolov">
Arseny Sokolov

Arseny Alexandrovich Sokolov (; 19 March 1910 – 19 October 1986) was a Russian theoretical physicist known for the development of synchrotron radiation theory.
Biography.
Arseny Sokolov graduated from Tomsk State University (TSU) in 1931. He obtained the degree of Kandidat nauk ("Candidat of Science", equivalent to Ph.D.) from TSU under supervision of Piotr Tartakovsky (1934). The degree of Doktor nauk ("Doctor of Science") was obtained by him from Leningrad Ioffe Physico-Technical Institute (1942, at that time in evacuation in Kazan).
Then he moved to Moscow State University (MSU), where he held the positions of the dean of the Faculty of Physics (1948—1954) and the head of the Theoretical Physics Department at the Faculty of Physics (1966—1982).
Research.
Arseny Sokolov research areas were quantum field theory and elementary particle physics.

</doc>
<doc id="18576487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576487" title="University of Alabama School of Dentistry">
University of Alabama School of Dentistry

The University of Alabama School of Dentistry at the University of Alabama at Birmingham is a public dental school located in Birmingham, Alabama. The dental school was founded in 1948 and is responsible for the education of dental professionals in Alabama.
History.
The University of Alabama School of Dentistry, a unit of the Medical Center of the University of Alabama at Birmingham, was created by an act of the state legislature in 1945, the same year that the School of Medicine moved to Birmingham from the university campus in Tuscaloosa and became a four-year school. The School of Dentistry admitted its first class of students in October 1948. Since that time it has gained a national reputation for excellence. In addition to its first professional degree (D.M.D.) program, the school offers accredited postdoctoral programs in twelve areas of study. The development of "four-handed dentistry" and the expanded utilization of trained auxiliary personnel were pioneered at this institution.
New Facilities.
Students at the University of Alabama School of Dentistry pursue their professional education utilizing modern equipment in recently renovated facilities. The renovations include all new state-of-the-art lecture rooms, new patient receiving and business areas, dental chairs and delivery systems, a new lobby and front entrance and preclinical labortary. The clinical facilities of the School of Dentistry Building contain more than of clinical teaching space. Teaching of the basic biomedical sciences is accomplished in Volker Hall. This multipurpose complex houses five lecture halls ranging in size from 125 to 700 seats and utilizes innovative audiovisual equipment and teaching aids, as well as wet and dry laboratories.
Library facilities include the Lister Hill Library of the Health Sciences and the Hammonds Reading Room. The Lister Hill Library is located immediately adjacent to the basic science facility (Volker Hall) and offers a full range of comfortable accommodations for reading and study. The library collection now contains more than 255,000 volumes and includes subscriptions to the world's leading biomedical journals, with some 2,800 titles currently available. The library offers many computerized services. The computerized integrated catalog, DYNIX, and the full MEDLINE service are available from home or office by telephone. A microcomputer lab is available for student and faculty use. Other services include interlibrary loans, photocopying, information and instructional services, and search capabilities to a large number of on-line and compact disc databases.
D.M.D. Program.
First Professional Degree (D.M.D.) Program
In the current first professional or D.M.D. curriculum, the basic sciences are presented in the traditional manner during the first two years. In an attempt to bridge the gap between preclinical courses and actual clinical experience, a program referred to as the PCD (Preclinical Dentistry) Program has evolved. In this phase of the curriculum, teams of instructors are responsible for teaching each of the preclinical technique courses.
The clinical sciences are presented through a series of courses offered by the clinical dentistry departments throughout the four-year curriculum. Students are introduced to clinical practice on a limited basis during the first year through clinical sessions concerned with screening for oral diseases, preventive techniques, and prophylaxis. A multidisciplinary patient management core course is offered during the second year, enabling the student to gain skills in data collection and analysis, diagnosis, treatment planning, and therapeutic modalities through lecture presentations and patient care.
The third and fourth years are devoted in large measure to the rendering of dental care for patients who present to the school clinics for diagnosis and treatment. This takes place in a variety of clinics within the school, as well as in extramural rotations. With the exception of special clinical assignments, a major portion of the clinical experience in the fourth year is based on the philosophy of comprehensive patient care. A comprehensive care patient is defined as one whose appropriate management involves more than one discipline in terms of diagnosis, treatment planning, and treatment.
Also presented in the third and fourth years are programs in physical diagnosis and medicine and in life support (cardiopulmonary resuscitation). The program in physical diagnosis and medicine is designed to provide the student with the ability to acquire an adequate medical history from, and to perform a relatively complete physical examination of, patients under his or her care. The didactic segment and a portion of the clinical segment of the program are presented in the latter part of the second year; the remainder of the clinical segment is presented in the third and fourth years.
Finally, fourth-year students are given the opportunity to observe delivery of dental health care by means of a series of visits to the offices of practicing dentists in the state. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576491" title="NCAA Basketball 09">
NCAA Basketball 09

NCAA Basketball 09 was the 2008 installment in the NCAA Basketball series. It was released on November 17, 2008 for the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 2, and Xbox 360. Former UCLA forward Kevin Love was featured on the cover.

</doc>
<doc id="18576510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576510" title="André Kameya">
André Kameya

André Kameya (15 May 1946 in Southern Province, Rwanda – June 1994) to Augustin Rubwiriza and Nyirabahakwa Pascasie.
Upon finishing primary education at Mugombwa Primary School, he attended the Karubanda Catholic seminary and then continued to Nyakibanda Major Seminary for priesthood training. While in his last year, working in Kabgayi in 1971–72 he was subject to discrimination that awoke his senses of justice and started to write article for the Catholic newspaper Kinyamateka. Discrimination against Tutsi was not uncommon. This brought him to the attention of the internal security services and he was ejected out of the Seminary under the orders of Kayibanda. This purge instituted by the government saw many Tutsi students ejected from many Catholic seminaries and some killed.
Like many Tutsis, he took the road to exile in 1972 and returned to Rwanda in 1974. He subsequently worked for Kinyamateka until 1981 when he moved to the ORINFOR in La Releve French newspaper. Following training in law in 1984 he moved to the ministry of justice (MINIJUST) where he was the editor of the ministry journal.
After few years in the Ministry of justice, he moved to the ministry of scientific research and culture until he resigned from public service to open his own newspaper, "RWANDA RUSHYA" (new Rwanda), critical to the government of Habyarimana. He was among the 33 intellectuals who signed a petition to the then President for the introduction of democracy and multiparty.
At the time when the government was fighting the RPF, he is credited to have traveled to Byumba in the RPF zone via Kampala and met the RPF leaders Kanywarengwe Alexis and Kagame Paul for interviews. Upon his return he published the first ever article inside Rwanda called "U Rwanda mu rundi" (Rwanda inside Rwanda), commenting on the objectives of the Rwandese Patriotic Front (RPF) and the legitimacy of their war and was subsequently jailed for it.
The government has been so far calling RPF a bunch of Ugandan foreigners who were mounting a campaign of aggression towards Rwanda. Rwanda Rushya at times was published bi-monthly and managed to reach 3000 copies per month. Kameya was also a founding member of the Parti Liberal and was in charge of the Information Commission and editor of the party's journal that came out a few times.
Kameya was killed in June 1994 and was married to Suzanne Nyiramuruta who also was killed along their daughter in April 1994. Among many controversy surrounding his death, Olivier, Kameya's eldest son has consistently accused the then Parish Father Wenceslas Munyeshyaka responsible for delivering him to the killers under the orders of Tharcisse Renzaho which were carried out by Odette Nyirabagenzi.

</doc>
<doc id="18576538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576538" title="J. David Irwin">
J. David Irwin

J. David Irwin (born August 9, 1939, in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is an American engineering educator and author of popular textbooks in electrical engineering and related areas. He is the Earle C. Williams Eminent Scholar and Electrical and Computer Engineering Department Head at Auburn University. Irwin is one of the longest serving Department Heads of Electrical and Computer Engineering (ECE) in the world, having been appointed to lead the (then Electrical Engineering) Department at Auburn in 1973. He had also served as President of the ECE honor society Eta Kappa Nu; President of the US National Electrical Engineering Department Head Association; and President of two IEEE technical societies, on Industrial Electronics and on Education.
Biography.
Irwin received a B.E.E. degree from Auburn University (1961), and earned M.S. and Ph.D. degrees from the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, in 1962 and 1967, respectively. He joined Auburn University in 1969 as an Assistant Professor of Electrical Engineering. Currently he is the Earle C. Williams Eminent Scholar and ECE Department Head at Auburn.
He is Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE) “for contributing to industrial electronics, control instrumentation, and engineering education,” and Fellow of the American Society for Engineering Education (ASEE). Among his notable awards is the IEEE’s Richard M. Emberson Award (2000) “for a long and distinguished record of service to the IEEE in the educational, technical and publication areas.”
Irwin has been affectionately known by his students as "Coach" for his down to earth style of teaching circuits. His teaching style has made him a favorite among students who truly want to learn.
Authorship.
Irwin is widely known in the ECE and engineering education communities for his undergraduate university-level textbooks in electrical engineering and related areas.
Of special significance are his books "Electric Circuit Analysis" and "Introduction to Electrical Engineering", which are being used in hundreds of colleges of engineering worldwide. He has also written on multimedia computer communications, digital logic circuits, microcontrollers, industrial electronics, industrial vibration and control, and learning and career planning for undergraduate engineering students.
Leadership.
During his long career, Irwin served in leadership positions in several major engineering and engineering education professional associations. Table 2 provides a list of key positions.
Entrepreneurship.
Irwin was associated with several start-up companies, including Aunigma Network Solutions. Aunigma is an IT company based in Atlanta, Georgia US, addressing new generation Internet Protocol (IP) connections. Aunigma’s products are based on intellectual property (IP) created by the ECE Department at Auburn University.

</doc>
<doc id="18576563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576563" title="Billboard Year-End Hot 100 singles of 2001">
Billboard Year-End Hot 100 singles of 2001

This is a list of "Billboard" magazine's Top Hot 100 songs of 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18576569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576569" title="Rock Camp (series)">
Rock Camp (series)

Rock Camp was a 13-episode Canadian reality television series of 2004. Episodes featured 18 youths training to become rock musicians, as filmed in Halifax, Nova Scotia. The series was first broadcast 5 April 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18576594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576594" title="Lech Mackiewicz">
Lech Mackiewicz

Lech Mackiewicz (born 1960 in Skierniewice, Poland) is a polish actor, director, playwright; graduate of the National Academy of Theatrical Arts (PWST) in Cracow (Poland 1983), and UTS (University of Technology Sydney 1987). He formed Auto Da Fe Theatre Co. in Sydney in 1987. He received the New South Wales Performing Arts Scholarship in 1991; assisted Neil Armfield on the production of "Diary of A Madman" with Geoffrey Rush at Belvoir St Theatre; directed and acted internationally: Australia, Poland, Japan, Korea, Italy.
Collaborated with Tadashi Suzuki's SCOT (Japan). He studied in Poland (PWST Kraków, grad. 1983), Australia (UTS, grad. 1987) and with the Moscow Arts Theatre (directing secondment - 1991).
Cate Blanchett's first theatre production out of NIDA was Kafka Dances at the Stables Theatre (Sydney 1993) where Lech starred as Franz Kafka and Cate played his fiancée, Felice Bauer.
Directed theatre productions.
"Hello Out There (Sydney)

</doc>
<doc id="18576635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576635" title="Acromantis formosana">
Acromantis formosana

Acromantis formosana, known as the Taiwan Flower Mantis, is a species of mantis native to Taiwan. 
Description.
The female, as in other flower mantises is larger than the male. The nymph is mid to dark brown with flanged and spined extensions to its abdomen, disrupting its outline to provide excellent camouflage on dead leaves. The adult has a long narrow thorax and green wings.

</doc>
<doc id="18576653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576653" title="Acromantis lilii">
Acromantis lilii

Acromantis lilii is a species of praying mantis native to Java and the Philippines. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576657" title="List of Austrian School economists">
List of Austrian School economists

The economists aligned with the Austrian School are sometimes colloquially called "the Austrians" even though few hold Austrian citizenship, and not all economists from Austria subscribe to the ideas of the Austrian School.

</doc>
<doc id="18576666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576666" title="Acromantis satsumensis">
Acromantis satsumensis

Acromantis satsumensis is a species of praying mantis native to Japan. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576667" title="Rabbit hunting (disambiguation)">
Rabbit hunting (disambiguation)

Rabbit hunting or rabbit hunt is hunting for rabbits. The expressions may also refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18576668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576668" title="Tsuyoshi Fujita">
Tsuyoshi Fujita

Tsuyoshi Fujita (藤田 剛史) is a professional player from Osaka, Japan. His most notable finishes include three top eights. He was inducted to the on 5 December 2007. In addition to his playing ability, Fujita is also known as a deck builder, with players such as Masahiko Morita, and Tsuyoshi Ikeda attributing decks they have played to him.
Career.
Fujita began his Pro Tour career at the in Seattle, where he finished in 99th place. Over the next two seasons he began to enjoy some success at the Premier level. He made the top eight of in Taipei, and Kyoto, as well as the Asia Pacific Championship.
In the he at first appeared to continue much the way he had done over the previous seasons, winning Grand Prix Kyoto, and reaching the top eight of Grand Prix Hiroshima. However, when the Pro Tour came to Japan, Fujita put up an historic finish. His finals appearance at Pro Tour Tokyo marked the first time a Japanese player had reached the top eight of a Pro Tour. Despite being on home turf, Fujita lost the finals to Zvi Mowshowitz.
Fujita's success continued over the seasons that followed. In he made the top eight of the held at Pro Tour San Diego but made a quarterfinal exit. Other notable finishes include a win at Grand Prix Bangkok in , six other Grand Prix top eights, and a win at the Japanese .
In Fujita had his most successful season yet. At Grand Prix Seattle he made the top eight with an innovative deck based around . At Pro Tour London, Fujita finally made his second Pro Tour top eight. Once again he made it all the way to the finals before being eliminated (this time by Geoffrey Siron). By contrast, Fujita did not have to wait long for his third Pro Tour top eight. At the next Pro Tour, held in Los Angeles he reached the top eight again losing in the quarterfinals to Antoine Ruel.
In , Fujita was elected to the , alongside Kai Budde, Nicolai Herzog, Randy Buehler, and his Pro Tour Tokyo finals opponent Zvi Mowshowitz. He since played the Pro Tours in the Asian Pacific region and had another Top 8 finish at Pro Tour Nagoya in . Fujita completed the Swiss portion of the tournament in first place, but fell to eventual winner David Sharfman in the quarter-finals.
Accomplishments.
Top 8 appearances.
Other accomplishments

</doc>
<doc id="18576679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576679" title="1977–78 Chicago Black Hawks season">
1977–78 Chicago Black Hawks season

The 1977–78 Chicago Black Hawks season was the Hawks' fifty-second season in the NHL, and the club was coming off a 26-43-11 record, earning 63 points, which was their lowest total since the 1957-58 season. The Hawks managed to qualify for the playoffs, as they finished in third place in the Smythe Division. In the playoffs, the Black Hawks were quickly swept out in two games by the Boston Bruins in the NHL Preliminary Round.
Offseason.
During the off-season, Hawks general manager Tommy Ivan announced his retirement, and the club decided to not bring interim head coach Bill White back, so the club hired former Los Angeles Kings head coach Bob Pulford to take over both the head coach and general manager position. Pulford had been the head coach of the Kings from 1972–1977, winning the 1975 Jack Adams Trophy. The team also named Keith Magnuson as the only team captain, as in the 1976-77 season, the Hawks used Magnuson, Stan Mikita and Pit Martin as co-captains.
Regular season.
The Black Hawks started off the season in a slump, as the team had a 6-10-8 record in their first 24 games. Chicago eventually snapped out of their funk, and found themselves a season high five games over .500 with a 24-18-16 record late in February. The Hawks, who were comfortably in first place in the Smythe Division, finished the season with a 32-29-19 record, earning 83 points, which was their highest total since 1973-74, and their sixth division title in the past nine seasons.
Offensively, the Black Hawks were led by Ivan Boldirev, who scored a team high 35 goals and 45 assists for 80 points. Thirty-seven-year-old Stan Mikita earned 59 points in 76 games to finish second in team scoring, while 22-year-old Ted Bulley had a very solid rookie season, scoring 23 goals and 51 points in 79 games. Another rookie, Doug Wilson, led the defense, scoring 14 goals and 34 points, while Bob Murray also scored 14 goals, along with 17 assists from the blueline. Keith Magnuson had a team high 145 penalty minutes, while John Marks led Chicago with a +27 rating.
In goal, Tony Esposito once again had the majority of playing time, winning 28 games, along with 5 shutouts and a 2.63 GAA.
Playoffs.
Since the Hawks won their division, they were given a bye in the NHL Preliminary Round, and advanced straight to the NHL quarter-finals. Their first round opponent was the Boston Bruins, who finished in first place in the Adams Division with 113 points. The series opened at the Boston Garden, and the Bruins struck first, easily winning the first game by a 6-1 score. Chicago forced the second game into overtime, however, the Bruins would be victorious once again, this time winning 4-3 to take a 2-0 series lead. The series moved to Chicago Stadium for the next two games, but it was Boston who stayed hot, as they defeated the Hawks 4-3 in overtime once again in the third game. The Bruins dominated the fourth game, winning 5-2, to sweep the series. This was the third straight season that the Black Hawks were swept out of their first playoff round, as the team saw their playoff losing streak reach twelve games.
Player stats.
Playoffs.
Note: Pos = Position; GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = plus/minus; PIM = Penalty minutes; PPG = Power-play goals; SHG = Short-handed goals; GWG = Game-winning goals
<br>      MIN = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals-against; GAA = Goals-against average; SO = Shutouts; 
Draft picks.
Chicago's draft picks at the 1977 NHL Amateur Draft at the Mount Royal Hotel in Montreal, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="18576685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576685" title="Acromantis japonica">
Acromantis japonica

Acromantis japonica, common name Japanese Boxer Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Japan, Korea, Taiwan, and China. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576695" title="Acromantis luzonica">
Acromantis luzonica

Acromantis luzonica, common name Luzon Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in the Philippine. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576705" title="Acromantis insularis">
Acromantis insularis

Acromantis insularis, common name Luzon Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in India, Sumatra, and Java. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576709" title="Sakura (name)">
Sakura (name)

Sakura (さくら, サクラ) is a common Japanese feminine given name which can also be used as a surname.
Possible writings.
Sakura can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The given name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="18576713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576713" title="Acromantis indica">
Acromantis indica

Acromantis indica, common name Burmese Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Myanmar. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576714" title="Space Based Space Surveillance">
Space Based Space Surveillance

The Space Based Space Surveillance (SBSS) system is a planned constellation of satellites and supporting ground infrastructure that will improve the ability of the United States Department of Defense (DoD) to detect and track space objects in orbit around the Earth. The primary SBSS contractor, Boeing, characterizes some orbiting space objects as, "Potential future threats to the United States' space assets."
The SBSS development work is being conducted in coordination with the Space Situational Awareness Group in the Space Superiority Systems Wing of the United States Air Force. The commander of the Space Situational Awareness Group believes the SBSS satellite operations center, "Will transform Space Situational Awareness by providing a gateway to a responsive, taskable sensor. This capability is key to enabling the event-driven operations concept of the future."
Pathfinder satellite.
The SBSS pathfinder satellite has a 30 cm telescope on a two axis gimbal with a 2.4 megapixel image sensor and has a projected mission duration of five and a half years.
Geosynchronous Space Situational Awareness Program.
The first two GSAP spacecraft will be launched in 2014, and a further two will be launched in 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="18576719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576719" title="Acromantis hesione">
Acromantis hesione

Acromantis hesione, common name Burmese Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in China and the Philippines. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576723" title="Acromantis grandis">
Acromantis grandis

Acromantis grandis is a species of praying mantis found in Malaysia and Sumatra. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576741" title="Ödön Tömösváry">
Ödön Tömösváry

Ödön Tömösváry ("Edmund Tömösváry", October 12 1852 in Magyaró – August 15 1884 in Déva) was Hungarian naturalist, myriapodologist and entomologist. In 1883 he made the seminal description of peculiar sensory organ of myriapods, known today as the temporal organ or organ of Tömösváry.
He attended secondary school in Kolozsvár and university of Selmecbánya. Tömösváry completed his university studies in Budapest in 1881, and his doctoral thesis concerned the anatomical structure of the respiratory organ of "Scutigera coleoptrata". In his scientific career Tömösváry wrote 57 papers. When he arrived in the Lower Danube region to study the Columbatch fly (Simuliidae) he became sick with tuberculosis. Because of this continuing illness he wasn't able to work as a zoologist and in the last year of his life he worked as a teacher at Kassa. He died on August 15 1884 in Déva. 
Tömösváry described 32 new myriapod species: 10 of Diplopoda, 19 of Chilopoda, 2 of Pauropoda, and one Symphyla species. He introduced two new genera, "Edentistoma" Tömösváry, 1882 = "Anodontastoma" Tömösváry, 1882 and "Trachypauropus" Tömösváry, 1882. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576742" title="Indianapolis Public School Conference">
Indianapolis Public School Conference

The Indianapolis Public School Conference is an athletic conference consisting of all of the high schools in the Indianapolis Public Schools district except for Crispus Attucks High School and Shortridge High School, who play in the Pioneer Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="18576747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576747" title="The 'Bu">
The 'Bu

The 'Bu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18576750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576750" title="Acromantis gestri">
Acromantis gestri

Acromantis gestri, common name Sumatran Acromantis or Thailand Boxer Praying Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Malaysia and Sumatra. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576758" title="Acromantis siporana">
Acromantis siporana

Acromantis siporana, common name Mentawai Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Sumatra and on the Mentawai Islands. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576771" title="Dash-guti">
Dash-guti

Dash-guti is a two-player abstract strategy board game from India, specifically from Central Provinces, United Provinces, Karwi Subdivision where it is called Kowwu Dunki which is the same name given to another similar game called Lau kata kati. The game is related to Draughts and even more so to Alquerque. Pieces are captured by hopping over them, and the board is composed of two triangle grids, and two line segments sticking out like antennas which is the only thing that differentiates it with Lau kata kati. Dash-guti is a Lau kata kati based board game. Like Lau kata kati, Dash-guti is also similar to the Butterfly (game) from Mozambique which suggest a historical connection between the two games. Dash-guti belongs to a specific category of games called Indian War-games, and the other games in this category are Lau kata kati, Egara-guti, Pretwa, Gol-skuish. All Indian War-games have one important thing in common, and that is that all the pieces are laid out on the grid patterned board, with only one vacant point in the centre. This forces the first move to be played on the central point, and captured by the other player's piece. 
Goal.
To capture all of the opponent's pieces, or be the one with more pieces when no more pieces can be taken by either player, or stalemate the other opponent's pieces such that they are immobilized.
Equipment.
The board is an expanded Lau kata kati board. It consist of two triangles connected together at a common vertex. The triangles are divided by two lines across their breadth forming the second and third ranks, and a single line runs down the length of both triangles through the common vertex. There are also two line segments (herein called "antennas") orthogonally connected to the two triangles through the common vertex. Pieces are played on the intersection points, and there are a total of 21 intersection points.
Each player has 10 pieces. One plays the black pieces, and the other plays the white pieces, however any two colours or distinguishable objects will do.
Game play and rules.
1. The 10 black pieces are initially placed on one of the triangles and on the end of an antenna that is on the right side of the player, and the 10 white pieces are placed on the other triangle and the other antenna which also happens to be on the right side of the other player. The only intersection point vacant is the one in the middle which is the vertex that connects each triangle to each other and the two antennas.
2. Players choose which colour to play, and who starts first. Players alternate their turns using one piece to either move or capture per turn.
3. A piece moves one space per turn onto a vacant intersection point following the pattern on the board.
4. Captures are done by the short leap as in Draughts and Alquerque, where the adjacent enemy piece is hopped over onto a vacant point on the other side. The captures must be done in a straight line following the pattern on the board. Multiple captures are allowed as long as there is one vacant point in between the enemy pieces, and a vacant point beyond the last enemy piece. Captures are compulsory. If there are several options to capture in one turn, the player may choose any one of them. Captured pieces are removed from the board. 
5. If a player cannot perform a move or a capture because its pieces have been blocked or immobilized by the other player's pieces, this is known as a stalemate, and the player loses; the other player wins. 
6. If neither player can capture anymore pieces, the player with more pieces wins. If both players have the same amount of pieces, then the game is a draw.

</doc>
<doc id="18576774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576774" title="Acromantis philippina">
Acromantis philippina

Acromantis philippina, common name Philippines Acromantis, is a species of praying mantis native to the Philippines. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576783" title="Acromantis palauana">
Acromantis palauana

Acromantis palauana, common name Palau Acromantis, is a species of praying mantis native to Palau. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576790" title="Acromantis nicobarica">
Acromantis nicobarica

Acromantis nicobarica is a species of praying mantis native to India. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576796" title="Acromantis moultoni">
Acromantis moultoni

Acromantis moultoni, common name Borneo Acromantis, is a species of praying mantis native to Borneo. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576802" title="Acromantis montana">
Acromantis montana

Acromantis montana, common name Mountain Acromantis, is a species of praying mantis found in India, Java, and Borneo. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576806" title="Joel E. Siegel">
Joel E. Siegel

Joel E. Siegel (1940 – 11 March 2004) was a professor of English and film studies at Georgetown University, a film and music critic, a music producer, and a lyricist. He won the 1993 Grammy Award for Best Album Notes together with Buck Clayton and Phil Schaap for their work on the notes for the Billie Holiday box set, "The Complete Billie Holiday on Verve (1945-1959)".
Siegel received his bachelor's degree from Cornell University in 1962 and his master's degree and doctorate in English from Northwestern University. Dr. Siegel wrote for "JazzTimes", "Washingtonian", "Washington Newsworks", "Washington City Paper", and "Washington Tribune". 
He acted as producer for albums of Shirley Horn and Patti Wicks. 
He taught at Georgetown University until 1998. He resided in Arlington, Virginia. He died at age 63 of spinal meningitis. He was survived by his parents, Sherman and Miriam Danzinger Siegel, and a sister, Judith Siegel-Baum. He was "openly gay".

</doc>
<doc id="18576821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576821" title="Acromantis australis">
Acromantis australis

Acromantis australis, common name Island Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Australia, the Aru Islands, New Guinea, and Roon. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576824" title="Space Superiority Systems Directorate">
Space Superiority Systems Directorate

The Space Superiority Systems Wing (SYSW) at Los Angeles Air Force Base includes the "Space Situational Awareness Group" and the "Counterspace Group".
Mission.
Their mission is to "develop, deliver, and sustain" capabilities that "ensure space superiority" for the United States.
"The visible sensor on the SBSS satellite will be used to provide critical information vital to the protection of US military and civilian satellites," said Lt Col Robert Erickson, squadron commander for Space Based Space Surveillance within the Space Superiority Systems Wing.
History.
The Air Force has proposed to cut in half funding for Counterspace and Space Control programs in its 2011 budget request, while increasing the budget for space tracking.

</doc>
<doc id="18576830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576830" title="Jean MacCurdy">
Jean MacCurdy

Jean MacCurdy is an American television executive, best known for her role as president of Warner Bros. Animation from 1989 to 2001.
MacCurdy was first hired by Warner Bros. Animation in 1979, eventually becoming a vice president and a general manager. In 1983, she left to become an executive for Hanna-Barbera, supervising the production of shows such as "Smurfs" and "The Flintstone Kids".
In 1989, MacCurdy was hired by Warner Bros. Animation to help the studio make a push into original content production for television. She hired several members of the creative team at Hanna-Barbera, including Tom Ruegger, Paul Dini, and later Alan Burnett, to form the creative team of her first Warner production, the Steven Spielberg-executive produced "Tiny Toon Adventures", which ran in syndication.
Under MacCurdy's leadership, Warner Bros. Animation experienced a second renaissance, producing very popular children's programming and winning several Emmys. The company's output was expanded to included other successful programming for the FOX Network during the early 1990s such as "Taz-Mania", "", and "Animaniacs".
In 1995, Warner Bros. launched The WB television network, and made the Warner Bros. Animation shows exclusive to it. New shows produced for The WB's "Kids WB" block included "", "Pinky and the Brain", "Freakazoid!" "Histeria!", "Batman Beyond" and "Pinky, Elmyra, & the Brain". During MacCurdy's tenure, Warner Bros. Animation was also the parent company of Hanna-Barbera following the Time Warner/Turner merger, until it was absorbed into Warner Animation in 2001. MacCurdy resigned as head of Warner Bros. Animation in 2001.
In 1997, MacCurdy was awarded the Women in Film Lucy Award in recognition of her work to enhance and improve the perception of women through the medium of television.
Personal life.
MacCurdy lives in the San Francisco Bay Area, but still frequently visits Los Angeles. She participated in the 2008 San Diego Comic-Con panel on the creation of "Tiny Toons", "Freakazoid!", and "Animaniacs", in San Diego, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18576834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576834" title="London (Samuel Johnson poem)">
London (Samuel Johnson poem)

London is a poem by Samuel Johnson, produced shortly after he moved to London. Written in 1738, it was his first major published work. The poem in 263 lines imitates , expressed by the character of Thales as he decides to leave London for Wales. Johnson imitated Juvenal because of his fondness for the Roman poet and he was following a popular 18th-century trend of Augustan poets headed by Alexander Pope that favoured imitations of classical poets, especially for young poets in their first ventures into published verse.
"London" was published anonymously and in multiple editions during 1738. It quickly received critical praise, notably from Pope. This would be the second time that Pope praised one of Johnson's poems; the first being for "Messiah", Johnson's Latin translation of Pope's poem. Part of that praise comes from the political basis of the poem. From a modern view, the poem was outshone by Johnson's later poem, "The Vanity of Human Wishes", and works like his "A Dictionary of the English Language" or "Lives of the Most Eminent English Poets".
Background.
During March 1737, Johnson lived in London with his former pupil the actor David Garrick. Garrick had connections in London, and the two stayed with his distant relative, Richard Norris, who lived in Exeter Street. Johnson did not stay there long, and set out to Greenwich near the Golden Hart Tavern to finish his play, "Irene". Later, in October 1737, Johnson brought his wife to London; they first lived at Woodstock Street and then moved to 6 Castle Street. Soon, Johnson found employment with Edward Cave, and wrote for his "The Gentleman's Magazine".
According to Walter Jackson Bate, his work for the magazine and other publishers "is almost unparalleled in range and variety", and "so numerous, so varied and scattered" that "Johnson himself could not make a complete list". During this time, Johnson was exposed to the "imitations" of Horace composed by Pope and saw how they were used to attack contemporary political corruption. Both the form and subject were popular, and Johnson decided to follow Pope's lead by creating his own imitation.
In May 1738, "London" was published anonymously, and it went into a second edition that year. This was his first major work to be published to a wide audience and one of his longest "non-dramatic public poems". It was not written to be a general satire; instead, it was written to demonstrate Johnson's skill as a writer and to become popular to further his literary career.
London.
"London" is part of the eighteenth-century genre of imitation. The work was based on which describes Umbricius leaving Rome to live in Cumae in order to escape from the vices and dangers of the capital city. In Johnson's version, it is Thales who travels to Cambria (Wales) to escape from the problems of London. Johnson chose Juvenal as a model based on his own appreciation for Juvenal's works.
The poem describes the various problems of London, including an emphasis on crime, corruption, and the squalor of the poor. To emphasise his message, these various abstract problems are personified as beings that seek to destroy London. Thus, the characters of Malice, Rapine, and Accident "conspire" (line 13) to attack those who live in London.
The poem begins:
Who Thales represents is unknown, but it is possible that he represents Richard Savage, Johnson's friend who left London to travel to Wales.
The main emphasis of the poem comes to light on line 177: "Slow rises worth, by poverty depressed".
The poem is forced to cut short, and the narrator concludes:
Politics.
The content of "London" was opposed to the government of England under the Whig Sir Robert Walpole during the time that Johnson lived in London. The poem does not hide that it has a political agenda, and the lines directed against George II follow a Jacobite political sentiment. Although he does not mention George in line 50 ("Let ____ live here, for ____ has learned to live"), he is referring to the king. Not until the end of the poem does the narrator directly address the government when he says:
It is through the "Ways and Means", or the Committee of Ways and Means of the House of Commons, that the king is able to tax the people, and this function is part of many that Johnson satirises.
The city of London was seen as a means to attack the Whig political party which was run by Robert Walpole. In particular, Johnson compares the actions of George II and Walpole to those of the Roman emperors during the decline of the Roman Empire. Part of the attack included, as Brean Hammond puts it, "a nostalgic glorification of English history that went hand-in-hand with the representation of the present as in the grip of forms of corruption never previously encountered". This "nostalgic glorification" includes multiple references to Queen Elizabeth and her defeat of the Spanish invaders while simultaneously claiming that Walpole is seeking to allow Spain to conquer England's trade investments.
Critical response.
Johnson judged his own poem harshly; he revised it in 1748 and came to depreciate the genre of poetic imitations of which "London" was an example. Another aspect of the poem that Johnson disliked in his later years was the pastoral bias of the poem, to prefer the countryside to the city. However, his contemporaries did not agree with his later assessment, and Alexander Pope from the first claimed that the author "will soon be déterré", although it did not immediately happen. This would be the second time that Pope directly praised a work of Johnson. Not everyone praised the work, as its political themes did cause controversy within the Hanoverian government and with the supporters of Walpole's administration. Johnson was not to receive recognition as a major literary figure until a few years later when he began to work on his "A Dictionary of the English Language".
The printer and bookseller Robert Dodsley bought the copyright from Johnson for £10. Later, "London" would be rated as his second greatest poem, as "The Vanity of Human Wishes" would replace it in the eyes of Walter Scott and T. S. Eliot. The later critic, Howard Weinbrot, agreed with Scott's and Eliot's assessment and says ""London" is well worth reading, but "The Vanity of Human Wishes" is one of the great poems in the English language." Likewise, Robert Folkenflik says, "It is not Johnson's greatest poem, only because "The Vanity of Human Wishes" is better". Some critics, like Brean Hammond, only see the poem as "no better than a somewhat mechanical updating of Juvenal's third "Satire"." Others, like Walter Jackson Bate consider the poem as "masterly in its versification".

</doc>
<doc id="18576845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576845" title="Acromantis dyaka">
Acromantis dyaka

Acromantis dyaka is a species of praying mantis native to in Borneo. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576847" title="9 cm Feldkanone M 75/96">
9 cm Feldkanone M 75/96

The 9 cm Feldkanone M 75/96 was a field gun used by Austria-Hungary during World War I, a modernized version of the M 75 field gun. Virtually all the M 76s were upgraded during 1898. For cost reasons the new gun retained the bronze barrel of the original, although it was actually redesigned to withstand the more powerful propellants coming into use. A touch hole lock was added to prevent accidental misfiring when the breech was open. A spring-mounted spade brake reduced recoil from 5–6 metres to 80 centimetres, although it only worked if the spade was buried in the ground. A depression lever was added to elevate the carriage's trail to allow the gun greater depression in mountainous areas. Many guns had shields added after the outbreak of World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="18576853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576853" title="Acromantis elegans">
Acromantis elegans

Acromantis elegans, common name Elegant Acromantis, is a species of praying mantis native to in Nepal. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576854" title="Ministry of Foreign Commerce and Tourism (Peru)">
Ministry of Foreign Commerce and Tourism (Peru)

The Ministry of Foreign Commerce and Tourism of Peru or MINCETUR is the ministry in charge of issues pertaining to foreign commerce of the Government of Peru and the promotion of Tourism in Peru. The current Minister of Foreign Commerce and Tourism is Jose Luis Silva Martinot. 
Objectives.
The Ministry of Foreign Commerce and Tourism defines, directs, executes, coordinates, and supervises the policies of foreign commerce and tourism. It has responsibility in issues pertaining to exportation and international business agreements, which is manages in coordination with the Ministry of Foreign Relations, and the Ministry of the Economy and Finances as well as other sectors of the Peruvian government within their respective jurisdictions. 
Additionally it is in charge of regulating foreign commerce. The ministry directs international trade negotiations for the Peruvian government and is empowered to sign agreements within its jurisdiction. In the Tourism sector, it promotes, orients, and regulates touristical activity with the goal of promoting sustainable development for tourism, and it includes the promotion, orientation, and regulation of arts and crafts directed towards tourists.
Accomplishments.
It promotes free trade agreements, as well as manages the tourism entity PromPeru, a government organization responsible for promoting Tourism to Peru around the world. The ministry has signed the following treaties:

</doc>
<doc id="18576881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576881" title="Maculatoscelis ascalaphoides">
Maculatoscelis ascalaphoides

Maculatoscelis ascalaphoides is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Ghana, Guinea, Cameroon, Tanzania, and the Congo River region.

</doc>
<doc id="18576891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576891" title="Tony Pesznecker">
Tony Pesznecker

Tony Pesznecker is a former Canadian professional soccer player.
Pesznecker played professionally for both the Minnesota Kicks of the North American Soccer League and the Minnesota Thunder of the USL. He also played for the Edmonton Eagles and Edmonton Brickmen in professional outdoor leagues and Wichita Wings and Memphis Storm in professional indoor leagues. Pesznecker was inducted into the Thunder Hall of Fame in 1996. Currently, he is the girls soccer coach at Wayzata High School in Wayzata, Minnesota, where he was named one of the National Soccer Coaches Association of America coaches of the year in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18576893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576893" title="Maculatoscelis maculata">
Maculatoscelis maculata

Maculatoscelis maculata is a species of praying mantis found in Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576900" title="Maculatoscelis gilloni">
Maculatoscelis gilloni

Maculatoscelis gilloni is a species of praying mantis found in Côte d'Ivoire.

</doc>
<doc id="18576914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576914" title="Greg Dean Schmitz">
Greg Dean Schmitz

Greg Dean Schmitz (born August 18, 1970) is an American online film critic known for his movie news website, "Upcomingmovies.com" (1997 to 2002), and its second version as "Greg's Previews of Upcoming Movies" as part of "Yahoo! Movies" (2002 to 2007). Schmitz is currently the weekly columnist of "The Weekly Ketchup" for Rotten Tomatoes and a contributing columnist for Fandango.
Life and career.
Schmitz was born in Falmouth, Massachusetts, the son of an Air Force weatherman, and as a child also lived in Satellite Beach, Florida. Schmitz graduated from high school in Westfield, Wisconsin in 1988, and then moved to Tampa, Florida, where he received a Master's degree in Library Science from the University of South Florida in 1995. During his time in Tampa, Schmitz was active in campus activities, which included co-running WBUL, the largest student-run radio station in Florida, and running for student body president in 1993. After college, Schmitz's career as a public reference librarian began with two years at the Okefenokee Regional Library System in Waycross, Georgia from 1995 to 1997, and continued at the Oshkosh Public Library in Oshkosh, Wisconsin from 1997 to 1999.
Websites.
On August 14, 1997, Schmitz created a Geocities website called "Bookhouse's Previews of Upcoming Movies" as a way to avoid having to repeat the same information in chat rooms and message boards when people would ask questions about movies that hadn't been released yet, or that were rumored to be at some stage of development in Hollywood. The site quickly outgrew Geocities, and was re-launched under the name of Upcomingmovies.com in early 1998. By October 1999, the site was earning enough of an income from advertising that Schmitz was able to quit his day job as a librarian. In 2001, Schmitz teamed up with Yahoo! Movies, bringing the site there under the new name of "Greg's Previews of Upcoming Movies." Schmitz also moved to Santa Monica, California as part of the change, and during his time in California, he co-starred in a television pilot for MGM Television called "The Movie Fan Show", was frequently quoted in publications like USA Today and The Chicago Sun-Times, and made several radio appearances, including The Howard Stern Show. 
In May 2003, Schmitz became ill and was diagnosed with Hereditary Hemochromatosis, a genetic disorder which had been poisoning Schmitz's internal organs since birth, resulting in over a dozen disorders. As Schmitz's conditions worsened, his ability to continue working on the site, which had previously been a 60+ hour job, declined. In 2007, Schmitz's contract with Yahoo! Movies ended, and online publication of "Greg's Previews of Upcoming Movies" was halted. Schmitz's health improved, and in January 2008, Schmitz began writing online again as a weekly columnist for Rotten Tomatoes, and in May 2008, began writing as a contributing columnist for Fandango.

</doc>
<doc id="18576931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576931" title="One Mom and Three Dads">
One Mom and Three Dads

One Mom and Three Dads (, also known as "Three Dads With One Mommy", "Three Dads And A Mother") is a Korean television drama, starring Eugene, Jo Hyun-jae, Shin Sung-rok and Jae Hee.
Synopsis.
Song Na Young and her husband, Jung Sung Min, desperately want a child but her husband is unable to get her pregnant. Na Young suddenly loses her husband in an accident and she gives birth to her daughter. What she does not know is that her husband's three friends donated sperm to Sung Min so that she can get pregnant. The father of Na Young's child can either be Han Soo Hyun, Choi Kwang Hee, or Na Hwang Kyeng Tae.
International broadcast.
The series aired as Three Dads With One Mommy in the Philippines over ABS-CBN last September 9, 2008 dubbed in Tagalog. The names have been converted into English sounding ones as follows: Na Young to Lisette, So Hyun to Jake, Choi Kwang Hee to Jayden, Kyung Tae to Ariel and Sung Min to Justin. It has re-aired on Studio 23 on Power Lunch (12NN to 1PM) since August 17, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18576933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576933" title="Orthodera novaezealandiae">
Orthodera novaezealandiae

Orthodera novaezealandiae, known as the New Zealand Mantis or the New Zealand Praying Mantis, is a species of praying mantis which is, as both the scientific name and common names suggest, indigenous and endemic to New Zealand.
Description.
"O. novaezealandiae" nymphs are pale, translucent green with a dark stripe running from head to end of abdomen. As adults, they are bright green and grow to between 35 mm and 40 mm in length.(see note ) As in most mantis species, sexual dimorphism means the female is larger.
The New Zealand Mantis has a triangular head with slightly over-sized compound eyes that give it excellent binocular vision (although they do have a blind spot). Its wings differ from those of other species in the "development of the archedictyon and the absence of cross-veins in the forewing".
"A very active little Mantis", "O. novaezealandiae" is well-designed as a predator. Its specialized forelimbs are long and equipped with extremely sharp spikes to impale prey. Blue eyespots on the underside of the insect's forelegs helps in differentiating this species from "Miomantis caffra", an introduced species from South Africa that became established in New Zealand during the 1970s.
Ecology.
"O. novaezealandiae" prefer open, shrubby terrain where its similarity to leafy vegetation may be used as camouflage to ambush prey. It hides well from predators and is near or at the top of the invertebrate food chain in its habitat. As an endemic species of New Zealand that eats pests and has a very large appetite, "O. novaezealandiae" is a beneficial insect to those involved in agriculture and they are used in many gardens.
The New Zealand Mantis is vulnerable to the use of pesticides, both directly and through the effects of a diminished food supply, and their ootheca are sometimes attacked by parasitic wasps.
The only two species of mantis in New Zealand are this native species and the previously-mentioned introduced species "M. caffra" discovered as established in the Auckland suburb of New Lynn in 1978. "O. novaezealandiae" is taxonomically very close to, and has sometimes been considered conspecific and synonymous with, the Australian species "O. ministralis".
Cultivation.
The New Zealand Mantis is bred in captivity. Special care must be taken to prevent this small, quick-moving species from escaping. Nymphs are especially fast and can leap relatively far as well. It can be kept at room temperature () but does prefer warmth. Their enclosure should be sprayed with water a few times a week, and when they are young their enclosure should be kept at around 50%–60% humidity. Captive "O. novaezealandiae" can be fed on a diet of small crickets and flies.

</doc>
<doc id="18576937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576937" title="IHSAA Conference-Independent Schools">
IHSAA Conference-Independent Schools

The schools listed below are members of the Indiana High School Athletic Association and are not members of a conference. Of these, several were at one time members of a conference but became independent because of budget and travel concerns.
Indiana's Class System.
Indiana's classes are determined by student enrollment, broken into classes of roughly equal size depending on sport. The 2011-12 school year marks a change in the classification period, as schools are reclassified in all class sports biennially instead of quadrennially.
Classes for 2011-12 through 2012-13:
Most sports:
Football:
Soccer:
Schools.
These 58 Schools are independent members of the IHSAA.
Independent Football Members.
These schools are independent in football, but play other sports within a conference.

</doc>
<doc id="18576966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576966" title="Orthodera rubrocoxata">
Orthodera rubrocoxata

Orthodera rubrocoxata is a species of praying mantis found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18576988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576988" title="Oxyophthalmellus somalicus">
Oxyophthalmellus somalicus

Oxyophthalmellus somalicus is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, and Tanzania. 

</doc>
<doc id="18576991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576991" title="Oxyophthalmellus rehni">
Oxyophthalmellus rehni

Oxyophthalmellus rehni is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya and Somalia.

</doc>
<doc id="18576997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18576997" title="Minotaur IV">
Minotaur IV

Minotaur IV, also known as Peacekeeper SLV and OSP-2 PK is an active expendable launch system derived from the LGM-118 Peacekeeper ICBM. It is operated by Orbital Sciences Corporation, and made its maiden flight on 22 April 2010, carrying the HTV-2a Hypersonic Test Vehicle. The first orbital launch occurred on 26 September 2010 with the SBSS satellite for the United States Air Force.
The Minotaur IV vehicle consists of four stages and is capable of placing of payload into a Low Earth orbit (LEO). It uses the first three stages of the Peacekeeper missile, combined with a new upper stage. On the baseline version, the fourth stage is an Orion-38. However a higher performance variant, designated Minotaur IV+, uses a Star-48V instead. A three stage configuration (no Orion-38), designated the Minotaur IV Lite, is available for Suborbital trajectories. A five stage derivative, the Minotaur V, made its maiden flight on 7 Sep 2013.
Minotaur IV launches will be conducted from SLC-8 at Vandenberg Air Force Base, LP-0B at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport, and Kodiak Launch Complex Pad 1 of the Kodiak Launch Complex.
STP-S26.
The third Minotaur IV launch, which was also known as STP-S26, deployed eight payloads. The 26th small launch vehicle mission in STP's 40-year history of flying DoD space experiments, STP-S26 was intended to extend previous standard interface development efforts, implementing a number of capabilities aimed at enabling responsive access to space for small experimental satellites and payloads. STP-S26 launched at 01:45 UTC on 20 November 2010 from the Kodiak Launch Complex. The launch facility contractor was Alaska Aerospace Corporation (AAC). The payloads were released in a orbit, before the HAPS upper stage was demonstrated by deploying two ballast payloads into a orbit.
The primary objective of the STP-S26 launch was to deploy STPSat-2, whilst demonstrating the ability of the Minotaur IV to carry additional payloads, by deploying FASTSAT, FASTRAC, RAX, O/OREOS and FalconSat-5. A Hydrazine Auxiliary Propulsion System upper stage was flown aboard the Minotaur to demonstrate its ability to deploy payloads to multiple orbits, however only mass simulators were deployed after the HAPS burn.
The launch marked the first flight of a STP-SIV (Standard Interface Vehicle) satellite, the first use of the "Multi Mission Satellite Operations Center Ground System Architecture" (MMSOC GSA), the first flight of the Minotaur IV's Multi-payload Adapter (MPA), the first use of a HAPS to obtain multiple orbits on a Minotaur IV flight, the first Minotaur launch from Kodiak Launch Complex (KLC), and the first deployment of CubeSats from a Minotaur IV viaPoly-PicoSatellite Orbital Deployers (P-Pods).

</doc>
<doc id="18577021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577021" title="Steve Reese">
Steve Reese

Steve Reese (born October 8, 1980 in Salem, Oregon) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Kitsap Pumas in the Professional Arena Soccer League.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Reese grew up in Salem, Oregon, attending South Salem High School where he was an all state soccer player. Reese attended Western Baptist College (now Corban University) for one year, 2000-2001 before leaving school to pursue a professional career. While at Western Baptist, he played one season, 2000, of college soccer at the NAIA school.
In 1997-1999 Reese also spent three seasons with the Cascade Surge of the USISL when he was a teenager.
Professional.
Reese traveled to Europe where he signed with FCM Bacău in the Romanian Liga I. He was loaned to Liga III team Aerostar Bacău. In early 2003, he moved to FC Timişoara of the Romanian Liga I. He also spent time training on the Isle of Wight.
In 2004, Reese returned to the U.S. where he spent several weeks training with the MetroStars of Major League Soccer. While he appeared in a preseason game, he was not offered a contract. He then trained with the Portland Timbers for the remainder of the season.
In 2006, Reese spent the season with the Cascade Surge of the division USL Premier Development League. He was 1-5-0 with a 2.40 goals against average. On May 23, 2007, the Portland Timbers of the USL First Division signed Reese as the team’s third string goalkeeper. The Timbers kept him through the 2008 season, but he never played a game and was released before the 2009 season. He signed in November 2008 with Monterrey La Raza of the National Indoor Soccer League. He played five games and was named to the 2008-2009 NISL All Rookie Team.
In 2009, Reese returned to Cascade Surge which folded at the end of the season. In November 2010, he signed with the Kitsap Pumas of the Professional Arena Soccer League.
Coaching.
In 2006, Reese served as the goalkeeper coach for the Oregon State Beavers women’s soccer team. He is also the goalkeeper coach for Oregon’s Olympic Development Program team. In 2008, he was an assistant coach with Concordia University, Portland.

</doc>
<doc id="18577025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577025" title="Winston Patrick Kuo">
Winston Patrick Kuo

Winston Patrick Kuo is a Chinese-American computational biologist who specializes in utilizing translational technologies to solve biomedical related issues. He is currently Assistant Professor in the Developmental Biology at Harvard School of Dental Medicine and Director of the Laboratory for Innovative Translational Technologies.
Biography.
Winston Kuo completed his education at Columbia University earning his dental degree. He went on and completed a two-year dental General Practice Residency program at Catholic Medical Center in Brooklyn, New York. In addition he completed specialty training in Pediatric Dentistry at the University of Southern California and Rancho Los Amigos Medical Center. He then enrolled into an Oral Medicine program at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey and before he completed his program he transferred to Harvard School of Dental Medicine and completed his Doctorate in Oral Biology and dental specialties in Oral Medicine and Dental Informatics. At the same time he completed his Medical Informatics degree from Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Research.
He was the first to compare DNA microarray platforms on a large scale. He further developed a framework for comparing DNA microarrays at a graduate student in Connie Cepko's lab in the Department of Genetics, Harvard Medical School, which addressed issues related to the reliability of DNA microarrays. He also worked with Lucila Ohno-Machado from the Decision Systems Group, Brigham and Women's Hospital and Peter Park from the Children's Hospital Informatics Program, Children's Hospital
. He is currently in the process of finishing up the data analyses portion of this latter study and several manuscripts have recently been published
. He also was a participant of the MAQC study lead by Leming Shi.
Kuo has another role as a post-doc in Arhat Abzhanov's lab at the Department of Organismic and Evolutionary Biology at Harvard University. He is currently trying to understand craniofacial abnormalities related to bone and cartilage. Craniofacial abnormalities are some of the most common structural birth defects that are often associated with developmental disabilities, abnormalities to brain maturation, hearing loss, functional problems related to breathing, eating, and speech. Children with these malformations and disabilities generally require an interdisciplinary team composing of many specialties for most of their life. Impaired cranial bone formation and remodeling can contribute to many of these craniofacial abnormalities such as Apert’s, Crouzon’s, Treacher-Collins, Pierre Robin Complex, hemifacial microsomia, etc. Great strides have been made in identifying the genetic etiologies of a number of syndromes, though the pathogenesis of the developing cranial skeletal structures still remains poorly understood. His research focuses on roles of microRNAs in craniofacial development in general and in skull development in particular. A conditional knock-out mutation in Dicer, which is involved in microRNAs processing, with several cre-LoxP lines that target various craniofacial and skeletal tissues and structures will be used to describe the overall roles for miRNAs in craniofacial development. Preliminary results showed a profound yet specific intramebranous (dermal) bone phenotype. His goals are to better characterize the nature of miRNA involvement and search for specific microRNAs involved in cranial development. He plans to study the transcriptional activity of multiple skeletogenic markers and signaling molecules using microRNA and DNA microarrays, and of key classes of kinase-dependent pathways using kinase-protein chips.
In addition, he was part of a team that identifies a gene linked to beak length in Darwin's Finches. Kuo analyzed the data that used the living ancestral vampire finch as a reference and compared the short-beaked ground finches to the long-billed morphology of the cactus finches.

</doc>
<doc id="18577065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577065" title="Owensboro Oilers">
Owensboro Oilers

The Owensboro Oilers were a minor league baseball team in Owensboro, Kentucky. The team played in the Kentucky-Illinois-Tennessee League (KITTY League) in 1936 to 1942 and 1946 to 1955. In 1952 the team was managed by former major league all-star Wally Berger.
Major leaguer Tony Kubek began his professional baseball career with the Oilers in 1954. Kubek went on to play for nine seasons with the New York Yankees. Kubek was the 1957 American League Rookie of the Year and played in the Major League Baseball All-Star Game in 1958, 1959 and 1961. Kubek was enshrined in the Kitty League Hall of Fame in 2005 for his time with the Oilers.
Major leaguer Chuck Tanner also began his professional baseball career with the Owensboro Oilers, as did Ray Crone, Don McMahon and Lee Thomas.
Other major leaguers who played for the Owensboro Oilers include Ken Silvestri, Jack McMahan, Bill Adair, and Earl Browne. Browne was a player and manager for the Oilers, winning two consecutive Kitty League pennants with Owensboro (1946 and 1947) and leading the minor leagues with a .424 batting average in 1946. Browne was enshrined in the Kitty League Hall of Fame in 2005 for his time with the Oilers.
The Oilers were affiliated with the Cleveland Indians in 1937 and 1938, the Boston Braves in 1939-1940 and 1946-1950, the Boston Red Sox in 1941-1942 and the New York Yankees from 1953 to 1955. The Oilers played their home games at Miller Field in Owensboro.
Half a century later the Owensboro Oilers name was used by a summer collegiate baseball team in the Ohio Valley Collegiate Baseball League, playing its home games in Panther Park, located at Kentucky Wesleyan College.

</doc>
<doc id="18577071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577071" title="Salon Piivolley">
Salon Piivolley

Salon Piivolley is a Finnish volleyball team from Salo, Finland. It was founded in 1999. The team plays in the Finland volleyball league.
History.
Two volleyball clubs, Perttelin Peikot and Salon Piivolley, decided to join their clubs and create a new club. The resulting club was named Salon Piivolley. Piivolley continued in the Finland volleyball league in Perttelin Peikot's place. During the 2001 season, the team won bronze in the league, and in the 2003 season it won the Finland Cup Championship. The club advanced to league finals three times during the 2004-2006 seasons, but lost every final game. In the Finland Cup, the team advanced to the cup finals during 2004, 2006 and 2007. Once there, however, they lost to Pielaveden Sampo in 2006 and 2007 and to Raision Loimu in 2004.
Other.
During the 2003 season the team was caught up in a doping scandal when one team player was caught using performance enhancers. However, the player acted alone and the team had no knowledge of his activities. The player was banned from play for two years.

</doc>
<doc id="18577072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577072" title="Belle and Sebastian (disambiguation)">
Belle and Sebastian (disambiguation)

Belle and Sebastian are a Scottish indie pop band.
Belle and Sebastian may also refer to:-

</doc>
<doc id="18577074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577074" title="Tubular people">
Tubular people

The Tubulars were one of the northern Altay peoples in Russia. They lived along the tributaries of the Katun River and the Biya River. They are closely related to the Tofalars.

</doc>
<doc id="18577075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577075" title="Chief Minister (Sri Lanka)">
Chief Minister (Sri Lanka)

Chief Minister in Sri Lanka is the elected head of local government at the provincial level, and is vested with most of the executive powers. The Chief Minister is chosen by legislators of the political party or coalition commanding a majority in the provincial council, and serves a six-year term with a provision of re-election. The Governor is the head of province, but his or her role is largely ceremonial. 

</doc>
<doc id="18577097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577097" title="Piotr Rocki">
Piotr Rocki

Piotr Rocki (born January 11, 1974 in Warsaw) is a Polish football player who plays for Kolejarz Stróże.
Career.
On May 5, 2008 he joined KP Legia Warsaw. Before he played for Polonez Warsaw, Marcovia Marki, Polonia Warsaw, Hetman Zamość, Górnik Zabrze, Odra Wodzisław Śląski and lately for Dyskobolia Grodzisk Wielkopolski. 
For Odra, he played 75 matches scoring 18 goals, becoming a fan favorite. 
Right Before the 2008/2009 season he joined Legia Warsaw. During his 2nd match for Legia, Rocki scored the winning goal for his team in the Polish SuperCup against Wisła Kraków on July 20, 2008. 
After the 2008/09 season he joined a Polish First League club Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała. Now he plays in Kolejarz Stróże.

</doc>
<doc id="18577105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577105" title="The Russia House (film)">
The Russia House (film)

The Russia House is a 1990 American spy film directed by Fred Schepisi. Tom Stoppard wrote the screenplay based on John le Carré's novel of the same name. The film stars Sean Connery, Michelle Pfeiffer, Roy Scheider, James Fox, John Mahoney, and Klaus Maria Brandauer.
It was filmed on location in the Soviet Union, only the second American motion picture (the first being the 1988 film "Red Heat") to do so before its dissolution in 1991.
Plot.
Bartholomew "Barley" Scott Blair (Sean Connery), the head of a British publishing firm, is on a business trip to Moscow. He attends a writers' retreat near Peredelkino where he speaks of an inevitable New World Order and an end to tensions with the West. Attentively listening is a man called Dante (Goethe in the novel) (Klaus Maria Brandauer), who wants to be convinced that Barley means what he says. It transpires that Dante is in fact a renowned physicist who has secretly written a manuscript detailing the Soviet Union's nuclear missile capabilities.
A few months later, unable to locate Barley at a sales fair, a beautiful young Soviet woman named Katya Orlova (Michelle Pfeiffer) asks another publishing company's representative, Niki Landau (Nicholas Woodeson), to pass along a very important manuscript. Niki sneaks a look at the manuscript and delivers it to British government authorities.
British intelligence officers and American CIA officers track Barley to his holiday flat in Lisbon, Portugal and interrogate him to see how he knows Katya. They realize he is as much in the dark as they are. MI6 agent Ned (James Fox), gives him some fundamental training as a spy. The MI6 officers realize that the manuscript is of vital importance to the USA, so they start working with the CIA, with both agencies wanting Barley to work on their behalf.
Barley returns to the Soviet Union to seek out Dante and confirm that he is genuine. He meets with Katya, with whom he is instantly smitten. Through her, he confirms that Dante is a brilliant scientist whose actual name is Yakov. He also denies to Katya's face that he is a spy.
The British run the operation through its first phase, while informing the CIA of its results. The CIA team, headed by Russell (Roy Scheider), is concerned because the manuscript states that the Soviet nuclear missile program is in complete disarray, and therefore there's no real reason for an arms race to continue.
Katya sets up a face-to-face meeting with "Dante," going to great lengths to avoid being followed. Barley explains that the sensitive manuscript is now in the hands of British and American authorities. Yakov feels betrayed, but Barley convinces him that the manuscript can still be published, which was the author's objective in the first place.
Dante is clearly disappointed by Barley's trust of the authorities, explaining that government people (of whatever country) are only driven by their own interests, not caring about simple people. Nevertheless, Dante gives Barley another volume of the manuscript after Barley assures him that he's sympathetic to the cause.
Impressed by the additional volume, Russell's boss Brady (John Mahoney) and a U.S. military officer named Quinn (J.T. Walsh) personally question Barley, wanting to be certain where his loyalties lie. Russell then travels to London to monitor Barley's progress. He declares that he would help the British operation out of a true ideological belief in "Glasnost", although this would not be good news to his "customers" of the weapons industry, who need an arms race for continued prosperity.
Convinced that Dante's manuscripts are truthful, the CIA and MI6 come up with a list of questions (a so-called "shopping list"), which is meant to extract as much information of the USSR as Dante could provide. On that point, irregularities begin to emerge, but the joint British-American team rationalizes them, except for Barley's "Russia House" handler Ned, who senses something amiss.
Barley, by now fully in love with Katya, wants to keep nothing from her; he admits that he is spying. Katya, in return, confirms that Yakov is not acting like himself, fearing that he may be under KGB observation or control. She gives Barley the address where Yakov will be staying when he is in Moscow.
Barley is under full British-American surveillance as he takes the shopping list to Yakov's apartment. Ned suddenly concludes that the Soviets know all about the operation and that they only let it run because they want to put their hands on the list. He realizes that if they get the questions, they will know exactly what the British and Americans know - just based on what they were asking.
Ned is now convinced that Barley has made a deal to turn over the questions to the USSR. Russell disagrees with Ned completely and instructs the assignment to proceed as planned. The British-American team expects the meeting with Yakov to last 2–3 hours, but when Barley doesn't return after 7 hours, Russell must admit that he was wrong. They must now do damage control, pretending that the questions were deliberately false.
Barley, meanwhile, has left a note for Ned. Barley explains that during a prearranged phone call to Katya, Yakov used a code word to let her know that he has been compromised by the KGB, and that her life is also in danger. To save Katya, Barley has traded the shopping list to the Russians in exchange for the freedom of Katya's family. He admits to the British and Americans that it might be unfair, but as he writes to Ned: "You shouldn't open other people's letters."
Barley returns to his flat in Lisbon, where he waits for a ship to dock that brings Katya and her family to begin a new life with him.
Production.
"The Russia House" was filmed on location in Moscow and St. Petersburg, Russia, the first major American production to be filmed substantially in the Soviet Union. The final scenes were filmed on location in Lisbon, Portugal.
Soundtrack.
The critically acclaimed music to "The Russia House" was composed and conducted by veteran composer Jerry Goldsmith. The score featured a unique mixture of Russian music and jazz to complement the nationalities and characteristics of the two main characters. The soundtrack was released 11 December 1990 through MCA Records and features seventeen tracks of score at a running time just over sixty-one minutes. The score also features Branford Marsalis on saxophone.
Reception.
"The Russia House" currently holds a score of 73% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 15 reviews, indicating a generally positive critical reception.
Hal Hinson in the "Washington Post" wrote: "Making a picture about the political situation in a country as much in flux as the Soviet Union can be disastrous, but the post-glasnost realities here seem plausible and up to the minute. "The Russia House" doesn't sweep you off your feet; it works more insidiously than that, flying in under your radar. If it is like any of its characters, it's like Katya. It's reserved, careful to declare itself but full of potent surprises. It's one of the year's best films." Peter Travers in "Rolling Stone" wrote: "At its best, "The Russia House" offers a rare and enthralling spectacle: the resurrection of buried hopes." "Time Out" less enthusiastically wrote: "Overtaken by East-West events, and with an over-optimistic ending which sets personal against political loyalty, it's still highly enjoyable, wittily written, and beautiful to behold in places, at others somehow too glossy for its own good."
Tom Stoppard's adapted screenplay was criticised by Vincent Canby in the "New York Times": "There is evidence of Mr. Stoppard's wit in the dialogue, but the lines are not easily spoken, which is not to say that they are unspeakable. They are clumsy." Roger Ebert held a similar view in the "Chicago Sun-Times": "What's good are the few emotional moments that break out of the weary spy formula: Connery declaring his love for Pfeiffer, or the British and Americans getting on each other's nerves. But these flashes of energy are isolated inside a screenplay that is static and boring, that drones on lifelessly through the le Carré universe, like some kind of space probe that continues to send back random information long after its mission has been accomplished."
Sean Connery was praised for his portrayal of Barley, "bluff, incorrigible, jazz-loving... his finest performance in ages." "Variety" wrote: "As the flawed, unreliable publisher, Connery is in top form." Peter Travers in "Rolling Stone" thought he captured "the 'splendid quiet' that le Carré found in Blair." Hal Hinson in the "Washington Post" wrote: "This may be the most complex character Connery has ever played, and without question it's one of his richest performances. Connery shows the melancholy behind Barley's pickled charm, all the wasted years and unkept promises." Desson Howe, also in the "Washington Post", wrote: "Sean Connery, like Anthony Quinn, takes a role like a vitamin pill, downs it, then goes about his bighearted business of making the part his idiosyncratic own." However, he received criticism from the "New York Times", who thought that the "usually magnetic Mr. Connery... is at odds with Barley, a glib, lazy sort of man who discovers himself during this adventure. Mr. Connery goes through the movie as if driving in second gear."
Michelle Pfeiffer also garnered critical plaudits for delivering "the film's most persuasive performance... Miss Pfeiffer, sporting a credible Russian accent, brings to it a no-nonsense urgency that is missing from the rest of the movie," according to the "New York Times". Desson Howe in the "Washington Post" wrote: "As Katya, a mother who risks her love to smuggle a document and falls for a Westerner in the process, her gestures are entirely believable, her accent (at least to one set of Western ears) is quietly perfect." Peter Travers in "Rolling Stone" wrote that "Pfeiffer, who gets more subtle and incisive with each film, is incandescent as Katya." Hal Hinson in the "Washington Post" congratulated her for portraying a rounded character: "Her triumph goes beyond her facility with the Russian accent; other actresses could have done that. She's great at playing contradictions, at being tough yet yielding, cloaked yet open, direct yet oblique. What's she's playing, we suspect, is the great Russian game of hide-and-seek. But Pfeiffer gives it a personal dimension. Katya holds herself in check, but her wariness, one senses, is as much personal as it is cultural -- the result, perhaps, of her own secret wounds. It's one of the year's most full-blooded performances." However, Pfeiffer also had her detractors. "Variety" thought that her "Russian accent proves very believable but she has limited notes to play." "Time Out" wrote that "Pfeiffer can act, but her assumption of a role for which her pouty glamour is inappropriate - a Russian office-worker seen rubbing shoulders in the bus queues - is a jarring note."
Awards and nominations.
Fred Schepisi was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 41st Berlin International Film Festival.
Michelle Pfeiffer was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Drama, but lost to Kathy Bates in "Misery" (1990).

</doc>
<doc id="18577124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577124" title="Isaac Dankyi-Koranteng">
Isaac Dankyi-Koranteng

Isaac Dankyi-Koranteng Isaac Dankyi-Koranteng (born 1977 in Kumasi, Ghana) is the first African to be hired on the African version of "The Apprentice", a television reality show hosted by Biodun Shobanjo called "The Apprentice Africa". Dankyi-Koranteng was hired on television during the premier season finale of "The Apprentice Africa" in Nigeria on (Nigerian Television Authority), Silverbird TV, Super Screen, and MBI Television; Ghana on (TV3); Kenya on (KTN); Uganda on (WBS); and Tanzania (TBC1). Until he was hired, Dankyi-Koranteng was the Customer Account Manager for Chinese Telecom giants Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. in Ghana. During the season, Dankyi-Koranteng was Project Manager on four occasions winning three. He was never taken to the boardroom by any other Project Manager as the weakest link throughout the season.
Education.
He attended University Primary School in Kumasi and continued at Salvation Army Primary School in Accra.
Isaac Dankyi-Koranteng started his secondary education at Abetifi Presby Secondary School in the Eastern Region (Ghana), and continued at Twene Amanfo Secondary School, in the Brong Ahafo Region (Ghana) where he obtained his GCE 'O' Level Certificate in 1994. In 1996, Dankyi-Koranteng obtain GCE 'A' Level Certificate with A,A,B,B from Technology Secondary School in Kumasi.
Dankyi-Koranteng graduated from the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology (KNUST) in 2001 with a Bachelor of Arts in Publishing Studies degree. In the university, Dankyi-Koranteng established himself as a capable leader when he was elected the Secretary of Unity Hall of residence in 1999. He was subsequently elected the President of the Hall in 2000 and also represented students on the University Residence Committee.
In 2001, Isaac was elected the Co-ordinating Secretary of the National Union of Ghana Students (NUGS).
Dankyi-Koranteng holds an MBA(General) from Wuhan University of Technology,2005. In China, Dankyi-Koranteng was elected the President of the National Union of Ghana Students in China (NUGS-China)
"The Apprentice Africa".
There were 18 contestants in all, including Deox Tibeingana, Hannah Acquah,Bekeme Masade, Anthony Njagi, Regina Agyare, Blessing Njoku, Oscar Kamukama, Michelle, Nancy Kalembe, Akatu Ochai, Eunice Omole, Joyce Mbaya, Nnamdi Mbonu, Eddie Mbugue, Kathleen Ndongmo and Omar Bah. Isaac was faced in the final with Eunice Omole, a 28-year-old Nigerian born in the United States. 
For the final task, Dankyi-Koranteng organized a walk through event for Bank PHB. He exhibited the strong financial growth of the bank to its customers as well as gave them a first hand experience of the banks CSR activities by showcasing a model house constructed by a brilliant but needy student on Bank PHB's scholarship scheme. The student was present to interact with customers of the bank. He also organized an interactive banking experience of the banks wide range of electronic and internet based products. His event ended with performances by Nigerian top comedian, Gbenga Adeyinka and Timi Dakolo of "Idols West Africa" fame. Though he was commended for putting up a good event, Biodun Shobanjo criticized him for allowing the comedian to handle the event as the master of ceremony.
During the finale, Dankyi-Koranteng realising from the interview stage of the competition that his only weakness was being 'laid' back, did a damage control by debunking that perception by describing himself as tactfully aggressive.He enjoyed enormous support from most of the evicted contestant. The finale was dramatic as Omole accused Dankyi-Koranteng of having excelled as Project Management on the hard work of her and other contestants. Dankyi-Koranteng also accused Omole of having no integrity for condoning foul play during the show. However, it was the CEO's final call as he said he wanted an apprentice who possessed a combination of intelligence, street smartness, character, and integrity.
Personal life.
Dankyi-Koranteng is married to Linda and have a son, Darrel Asiama Dankyi-Koranteng, born on 11 November 2006. Dankyi-Koranteng and family reside in Tema, Accra. He worked with Bank PHB in Lagos, Nigeria, from 2008 to 2009 as a member of The Corporate Execution Team. He returned to Ghana and joined Airtel Ghana as the Corporate Sales Manager.

</doc>
<doc id="18577149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577149" title="A-11 offense">
A-11 offense

The A-11 offense is an offensive scheme that has been used in some levels of amateur American football. In this offense, a loophole in the rules governing kicking formations is used to disguise which offensive players would be eligible to receive a pass for any given play. It was designed by Kurt Bryan and Steve Humphries of Piedmont High School in California.
The scheme was used at the high school level for two seasons before the national governing body of high school football, the National Federation of State High School Associations, closed the scrimmage kick loophole in February 2009, effectively banning important facets of the offense.
Beginning with "Showcase Games" in May 2014 and a full-season schedule in the spring of 2015, the A-11 offense is the basis of a planned professional spring outdoor football league, the A11FL.
Basic concepts.
The most striking characteristic of the A-11 is its use of an "Emory & Henry"-style spread formation, with the players on the line of scrimmage spread across the field as if they were wide receivers. In conventional formations (including the Emory & Henry), five of these players are offensive linemen. In the A-11, however, players who play any position may be stationed across the line.
This was possible because, at the time the A-11 offense was created, a loophole existed in the high school rule books that allowed teams in a "scrimmage kick" (i.e., a punt or field goal) formation to be exempted from numbering requirements. Instead of including five offensive linemen who wear uniform numbers in a specific range and who are obviously ineligible to receive a pass, any player wearing any number can be used anywhere on the field. Since there were no restrictions concerning when the "scrimmage kick" exemption could be used or not used, the A-11 offense could be used on every down.
To use the scrimmage kick formation exemption, the player who receives the snap (presumably the kicker or placeholder) must stand at least seven yards behind the line of scrimmage. The A-11 places the quarterback in that position, which becomes a deep shotgun formation. This has the effect of reducing the need for offensive line protection since defensive players have more ground to cover before reaching the passer. The offense also places an additional passing back (similar to the wildcat offense) in the backfield next to the quarterback, creating the potential for either one to run or pass the ball.
The A-11 still must abide by rules which cap the number of eligible receivers at five (maximum six if the quarterback hands the ball off or laterals to an ineligible receiver who then passes the ball). However, it is unclear which players will be eligible until just before the snap, making pass coverage more difficult; the eligible numbered players could interchange between eligible and ineligible positions after each play. The use of eligible numbers on every player on the field, coupled with the deep position of the quarterback, forces more of the defense personnel to go into "pass defense" mode and puts less focus on run defense or pass rushing.
Legality at various levels.
High school.
As mentioned, the A-11 offense was designed by a high school coach who used a "loophole" in the rules concerning allowable formations to design an every-down offense. As more schools began using the A-11, others called the system "an unsporting act" and "outside of the spirit of the rule code." Consequently, high school associations in North Carolina, West Virginia, Louisiana, and the District of Columbia banned the use of the A-11 for the 2008 season.
In February 2009, the National Federation of State High School Associations rules committee voted 46–2 to close the loophole allowing the linemen-free formations featured in the A-11. The system's creators petitioned the California Interscholastic Federation to allow use of the offense over the next three seasons on an experimental basis, but the appeal was denied. The scheme's creators have since made adjustments and run the new version of the A-11 offense for the entire 2009 season. It now abides by all numbering requirements at every level of football, without any numbers exchanged between plays. The ineligible numbered "anchors," like any ineligible receiver, can neither receive forward passes nor advance downfield before a forward pass is thrown across the line of scrimmage, but can catch lateral and backward passes, take handoffs, advance downfield prior to a screen pass to an eligible receiver, or even throw the ball if it is given to them. Since the adjusted version of the A-11 offense abides by the numbering requirements, it is similar to the older Emory & Henry offense; as such, unlike the previous version, it is legal in most levels of football.
College football.
The scrimmage kick formation is allowed on fourth downs under NCAA rules and on conversion attempts, and a few situations which define a scrimmage kick formation with an additional requirement that "it is obvious that a kick may be attempted." It is otherwise not allowed for most normal plays, making the A-11 impossible to use on an every-down basis.
NFL.
The offense is not currently legal in the NFL. The main problem is the league's rules concerning the required jersey numbers of players at different positions. Players who usually play at positions that are usually ineligible to receive a pass must declare themselves as eligible receivers to the referee if they will be lining up at an eligible position in a formation. The referee then announces their eligibility before the play, negating the surprise factor of not knowing which players may go out for a pass. The Emory & Henry formation and two-quarterback system are both legal, though they are rarely used.
CFL.
In Canadian football, there is no scrimmage kick exemption in the CFL, and persons who wish to change position from an eligible to an ineligible receiver (or vice versa) must physically change their uniform to a number that reflects their eligibility, and must seek permission from the official to do so.
Furthermore, until the end of the 2008 season the Canadian Football League rulebooks dictated that a designated quarterback must take all snaps, which made the two-quarterback system used by the A-11 (as well as offenses such as the Wildcat) illegal in the CFL. On June 8, 2009 the CFL listened to suggestions from fans and removed this rule, mainly so that the Wildcat formation could be used for the 2009 season and all succeeding seasons.
Youth football.
At most levels of youth football, the A-11 remains as legal as their use and/or application of high school rules.
Other levels.
Though there is no way to implement the A-11 in six-man football due to all players already being eligible receivers under those rules, the concepts of A-11 could theoretically be expanded into nine-man, eight-man and indoor variants of the game, all of which have ineligible players. However, like in youth football, the extent of how much an A-9 or A-8 offense is used in those levels is unknown, and it is nonexistent in indoor football.
A11FL.
The A11FL is a proposed professional spring outdoor football league founded by the creators of the A-11 offense, Kurt Bryan and Steve Humphries, that will utilize the A-11 offense exclusively. The A11FL will debut in May 2014 with two "Showcase Games" to be broadcast on ESPN and plans to begin its first full season in March 2015. Some of the A11FL teams utilize names and logos closely based on those from franchises in the United States Football League, which was last active in the mid-1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18577157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577157" title="Lithgow Ironfest">
Lithgow Ironfest

Lithgow Ironfest is an historical and cultural event created by Macgregor Ross, a local artist and festival director. It is a not for profit event that celebrates the relationship between humanity & iron, steel and other metals. Hosted as a series of events combined under one large theme, celebrating the cultural heritage and diversity of the Lithgow region, it brings together artists, designers/makers, blacksmiths, performers of all kinds, musicians, historical re-enactors, machine enthusiasts and hobbyists from all over Australia, and the world.
Two of the most popular annual events are large scale historical re-enactments: The St George's Day Jousting Tournament and the Napoleonic 'Battle of Lithgow'. 
History.
Ironfest was first held in April 2000 to celebrate the 100 year anniversary of the birth of steel in Australia, which occurred in Lithgow, New South Wales. Since that time Ironfest has taken out numerous cultural, tourism and business awards, and has been acclaimed as a unique regional cultural experience.
It originally consisted of an exhibition of metal sculpture, paintings and drawings accompanied by blacksmith demonstrations by artist Harry Piers, and metal music by local band, ‘The Mullpigs'. Around 25 artists participated in this first event which was held at Blast Furnace Park in Lithgow.
In 2002 and 2003, it was held at the State Mine Museum, before moving in 2004 to its current home at the Lithgow Showground.
In 2007 Ironfest was recognized by the NSW government as an event of State significance, recognizing the valuable economic contribution that the event makes to the local Blue Mountains Central West NSW region. 
Each year, it has grown on average by 20% both in terms of participants and visitors. In 2008 it involved close to 700 participants and attracted over 10,000 visitors. In 2009, it involved slightly more participants and again attracted in excess of 10,000 people.
In 2011 the theme for Ironfest was Steampunk which attracted a large new audience from the inner city suburbs of Sydney.
The Future For Ironfest.
2012 had seen the coming of the Apocalypse with Nostradamus predicting that Ironfest Lithgow would be one of the biggest events in the region. Correspondence has already been exchanged with Royalty that is yet to confirm attendance, signalling the importance of the 2012 calendar and the looming end of days. 
The horsemen of Ironfest will carry lances and battle it out in the toughest of Australian jousting competitions preceding St George's Day, and historic battles will have an edge of reality not seen at previous festivals. The undead will roam amongst zombies, vampires, werewolves and fae as mythological creatures rise up to mingle.
All will have an element of the surreal.

</doc>
<doc id="18577166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577166" title="Miller and Herriott House">
Miller and Herriott House

The Miller and Herriott House, also known as the Miller and Herriott Tract House, is a historic Victorian house in the North University Park section of Los Angeles, California. Built in 1890, the house is considered to be a combination of Stick and Eastlake styles. The identity of the architect is not known, though some have attributed the design to Joseph Cather Newsom. A short distance from the University of Southern California campus, the house is now used primarily for student housing.
History.
The house was built as part of the Harper Tract developed by Miller & Herriott. In 1888, the two developers bought a piece of land west of Hoover Street, between the prestigious West Adams district to the north and the nascent University of Southern California to the south. They subdivided the land into 98 lots, building "substantial and tasty residences, costing not less than $3000 each." Considered a "suburb" at the time, the "Los Angeles Times" correctly predicted: "The whole city is growing rapidly to the southwest, and it will not be long before it will be a misnomer to call that section a suburb." The Miller and Herriott House is the oldest surviving structure in the Harper Tract. 
By 1980, the house had gone through 27 owners. It was restored in the early 1980s, though the original stained glass in the front door transom was removed for use in a restaurant near Disneyland. After touring the house in 1980, "Los Angeles Times" columnist Jack Smith called it "tall and lacy, with a plush, ornate and comfortably cluttered interior in Victorian style." Commenting on the removal of the stained glass to an Orange County restaurant, Smith noted: "There was new glass in its place, but it looked like that wooden leg must have looked on Sara Bernhardt."
Landmark.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 and designated as a Historic Cultural Monument (HCM #242) by the Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission in 1981. It is also part of the North University Park Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="18577182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577182" title="Chrysler A57 multibank">
Chrysler A57 multibank

Created in 1941 as America entered World War II, the A57 Multibank engine was born out of the necessity for a rear-mount tank engine to be developed and produced, in the shortest time possible for use in M4A4 Medium tank.
In order to use existing tooling, five Chrysler 250.6 in3 (4.12 litre; 3.4375" {87.3 mm} bore and 4.50" {114.3 mm} stroke) L-head inline six cylinder engines were arranged around a central shaft, producing a unique 30 cylinder 21 litre (1253 in3) engine in a relatively compact but heavy package. The crankshafts were fitted with gears, which drove a sun gear arrangement. With iron block and head, it featured Carter TD-1 carburetors and 6.2:1 compression ratio, for an output of at 2400 rpm. It necessitated a longer hull (same as the M4A6), becoming the M4A4; most of these were supplied to Allied countries under Lend-Lease.
In a February 1944 advertisement on the magazine "Popular Science", Chrysler claimed the A57 could still move the tank it was fitted in even if 12 out of its 30 cylinders were knocked out.
The M4A4 was largely supplied to the British, the US preferring the M4A3 with a more conventional V8 engine, and restricting their M4A4s from overseas use.

</doc>
<doc id="18577201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577201" title="Swetang">
Swetang

Swetang is an Indian originated name. Shwetang/Shvetang/Swetang all are the synonym of the name. Swetang is one of name given to great lord Ganesha. Swetang means someone with white skin.

</doc>
<doc id="18577210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577210" title="Chaos Is My Name">
Chaos Is My Name

Chaos is My Name is the debut album by the drone doom band Khlyst. Stephen Kasner did the artwork for the album.

</doc>
<doc id="18577218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577218" title="Kirovka">
Kirovka

Kirovka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18577225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577225" title="John T. Hughes">
John T. Hughes

John T. Hughes (July 25, 1817 – August 11, 1862) was a colonel in the Missouri State Guard and Confederate Army during the American Civil War. He might also have been a brigadier general at the time of his death but documentation of the appointment is lacking.
Early life career, and Mexican War.
John Taylor Hughes was born July 25, 1817 near Versailles, Kentucky to Samuel and Nancy (Price) Hughes. His family moved to Fayette, Missouri when he was very young. He was an 1844 graduate of Bonne Femme College and taught school until the outbreak of the Mexican War in 1846. He enlisted as a private in the 1st Regiment Missouri Mounted Volunteers of Doniphan's expedition and penned his personal account of the trek upon his discharge in 1847.
Hughes' book provided national fame and following his return to Missouri in 1848, he became editor of a Clinton County, Missouri newspaper, the school superintendent, militia colonel, and state representative in 1854. He was also a planter and slaveowner.
Civil War and death.
Hughes was a cousin to Sterling Price and like Price professed Conditional Unionism until the Camp Jackson Affair, after which he joined the Missouri State Guard and was elected colonel of the 1st Regiment, 4th Division. He participated in the Battle of Carthage and the Battle of Wilson's Creek. He was slightly wounded in the Siege of Lexington.
At the Battle of Pea Ridge in March 1862, Hughes took over command of a brigade from the wounded Brigadier general William Yarnell Slack. Hughes returned to Missouri in the summer of 1862 to recruit for the Confederacy. At this time he may have been appointed as either an acting Confederate or Missouri State Guard brigadier general. No record of the appointment has been found but he was known as "general." 
He, his recruits, and several other recruiting or partisan bands united to attack the garrison of Independence, Missouri on August 11, 1862 with Hughes in overall command. During this battle (the First Battle of Independence), he was killed instantly by a shot to the head while leading a charge, but the city was captured. He is interred at Woodlawn Cemetery in Independence. He left behind a wife, Mary, and five young sons.

</doc>
<doc id="18577226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577226" title="Chulevi Monastery">
Chulevi Monastery

The Chulevi monastery of St. George () is a 14th-century Georgian Orthodox monastic church located in Georgia's southwest region of Samtskhe-Javakheti.
The Chulevi monastery sits on the left bank of the Kvabliani river, near the town of Adigeni in the historic province of Samtskhe. The monastery is alternatively known as Chule (ჭულე) or Chulebi (ჭულები). The site was home to a monastic community already in the 11th century, but it was in the latter part of the 14th century that the current edifice was constructed to become a major religious and cultural center in south Georgia. An inscription in the medieval Georgian asomtavruli script reveals the name of the artist Arsen who frescoed the interior of Chulevi in 1381. The murals depict, inter alia, a group portrait of the local princely house of Jaqeli, patrons of the monastery. 
The Chulevi monastery shares a series of common features with the contemporary and nearby located churches of Zarzma and Sapara such as the typically elongated overall plan and the interior space, rectangular shape with no projections, a dome resting upon the walls of the altar and two cross-shaped pillars. 
After the Ottoman conquest of the area, the Chulevi monastery declined and had been completely abandoned by 1595. The locals, still Christian at that time, saved the bells and some other church items by burying them in the adjacent wood. The bells were accidentally discovered in the 1980s and donated to the Akhaltsikhe local museum but were eventually turned over to the monastery once it was restored to the Georgian Orthodox Patriarchate in October 1999. 
A team of Russian architects attempted, unsuccessfully, to repair the church in 1935/36 and several architectural details were lost in the process. Another attempt at rehabilitation was made in the 1970s and 1980s but was then interrupted. It was not until 2003 that systematic reconstruction fieldworks were launched and the monastery has largely been repaired since then.

</doc>
<doc id="18577242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577242" title="Mary Rosse">
Mary Rosse

Mary Rosse, Countess of Rosse (née Mary Field) (1813-1885), was a British amateur astronomer and pioneering photographer. She was one of the early practitioners of making photographs from waxed-paper negatives.
Life.
Mary Field was born in Britain in 1813, in Yorkshire, the daughter of John Wilmer Field, a wealthy estate owner.
Through her family she met William Parsons, 3rd Earl of Rosse, and they were married on 14 April 1836. 
In the early 1840s the couple became interested in astronomy, and Mary helped her husband build a giant telescope, that was considered a technical marvel in its time. She was an accomplished blacksmith - which was very unusual for higher class women of this time - and much of the iron work that supported the telescope was constructed by her.
During the Great Famine of 1845-47 in Ireland she was responsible for keeping over five hundred men employed in work in and around Birr Castle, where she and her husband lived. 
The countess of Rosse gave birth to eleven children, but only four survived until adulthood:
Mary Parsons, countess of Rosse, died in 1885.
Photography.
In 1842 William Parsons began experimenting in daguerreotype photography, possibly learning some of the art from his acquaintance William Henry Fox Talbot. In 1854 Lord Rosse wrote to Fox Talbot saying that Lady Rosse too had just commenced photography, and sent some examples of her work. Fox Talbot replied that some of her photographs of the telescope "are all that can be desired". Lady Rosse became a member of the Dublin Photographic Society, and in 1859 she received a silver medal for "best paper negative" from the Photographic Society of Ireland. Many examples of her photography are in the Birr Castle Archives. Much of the topography of Birr Castle that she portrayed has changed very little, and it is possible to compare many of her photographs with the actual places.
References.
Taylor, Roger. "Impressed by Light: British Photographs from Paper Negatives, 1840–1860." New York: Metropolitan Museum of Art, 2007. ISBN 978-0-300-12405-7.

</doc>
<doc id="18577270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577270" title="Désiré Olivier Bourbeau">
Désiré Olivier Bourbeau

Désiré Olivier Bourbeau (September 21, 1834 – December 21, 1900) was a Canadian politician and merchant.
The son of L. Bourbeau and Édesse Gauvreau, Bourbeau established himself as a merchant in Victoriaville. He married M.B. Bouchard. Bourbeau was a director of the Arthabaska Building Society, the Arthabaska Agricultural Society and the Mutual Insurance Company. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1877 in a by-election as a Member of the Conservative Party to represent the riding of Drummond—Arthabaska. He was re-elected in 1878 and 1882. Besides his federal political career, he was also mayor of Victoriaville, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="18577286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577286" title="Trương Đình Dzũ">
Trương Đình Dzũ

Trương Đình Dzũ (1917–mid-1980s) was a Vietnamese lawyer and politician who unsuccessfully ran as a candidate for the presidency in the 1967 elections against Nguyễn Văn Thiệu and his running mate Nguyễn Cao Kỳ, who were the leaders of the incumbent military junta. In a poll rigged by Thieu and Kỳ, Dzũ won 17% of the vote on a platform of negotiating with the National Liberation Front for South Vietnam. Politicians advocating coexistence with communists were not allowed to register, Dzũ remained silent on his policies until his candidacy was registered.
Dzũ and other opposition candidates alleged vote fraud after the poll, but he was arrested after the election on grounds of making illicit currency transactions and jailed by a military court for five years of hard labor. Due to international criticism, he was released after five months.
Before politics.
Dzũ was born in Bình Định Province in the south of Vietnam. He was educated in Hanoi, and after graduating from law, moved to the Mekong Delta's largest city Cần Thơ to practice in 1944, before relocating to Saigon in 1945. One of Dzu’s law partners was good friend Nguyễn Hữu Thọ, who later left Saigon and went into the countryside to become the nominal political leader of the National Liberation Front, as the Vietcong called itself. That friendship later prompted voters to think that Dzu's promises of negotiated peace between the government of South Vietnam and the communists was viable. 
Dzũ also worked in law with Trần Văn Khiêm, the younger brother of Madame Nhu, the First Lady and sister-in-law of bachelor President Ngô Đình Diệm. This benefited Dzũ and Tho as the Ngos ran kangaroo courts that were their rubber stamps and Dzũ's connections gave him an advantage and the ability to influence judges and law-enforcement agencies. During the Diệm era, Dzũ visited the United States and joined the Rotary Club and rose to be the organisation's director for Southeast Asia, and was known for wearing his Rotary Club tie. Dzu had also earned negative attention when he once put up his wife as collateral for a loan.
1961 aborted election bid.
Dzũ had declared his intention to stand as a candidate for the South Vietnamese presidential election, 1961 against President Diem, but he was intimidated into withdrawing after being accused of having engaged in illegal fund transfers out of the country.
1967 election bid.
In early-1967, several Americans who were detained on currency-violation charges, something that was routine in South Vietnam, accused Dzũ of offering to have them released if they gave him a commission of USD10,000 to bribe the judges. Dzũ was put under investigation, but the probe was dropped to allow Dzũ to participate in the 1967 presidential election campaign.
Under the political laws of the time, political activity that promoted negotiations with the communist Vietcong insurgents that were attempting to take over South Vietnam with the assistance of their ideological allies in North Vietnam, was forbidden. There had been previous instances where politicians that had advocated a ceasefire were disqualified from running.
As a little-known politician, he remained silent until his candidacy was approved before exhibiting his policies. After this was done, he campaigned with the dove as his emblem, urging negotiations. Dzũ gained a reputation for being the most dynamic and eloquent of the 11 presidential candidates. He repeatedly assailed Thiệu and his deputy Ky in strident language, accusing them of using dirty tricks to hinder his campaign. 
Dzũ claimed that he had been meeting with the Buddhist activist leader Thích Trí Quang, but later denied this. He also claimed that the Vietcong called on communist sympathisers to vote for him, but later reneged on this. While others also advocated peace deals, Dzũ was the most vigorous in disseminating his message, making competitors such as the aged Phan Khắc Sửu and Trần Văn Hương, who had briefly served as president and prime minister respectively under the junta's supervision in 1964–65, appear lethargic.
With 17% of the vote, he came second behind the ticket of General Nguyễn Văn Thiệu, hitherto the figurehead chief of state, and Air Marshal Nguyễn Cao Kỳ, the Prime Minister. Dzũ's success caught observers by surprise. Two weeks before the poll, a study by US Embassy officials privately estimated that he would only get around 4% of the vote and come fifth on the popular vote.
Of the 44 provinces, Dzũ came first in 5 provinces, all of which were under the control of communist guerrillas, and he placed second in 26 provinces behind the Thiệu–Kỳ ticket. These provinces were also known for being infested with communists. This led to claims the communists had voted for him and forced the population to do so as well. Dzũ rebutted this by pointing out that by such logic, the communists had supported Thiệu and were therefore aligned with him.
In the accompanying senate election, voters had to choose six out of the 48 candidate groupings, and the six most popular tickets of ten nominees would be elected to the 60-member upper house. Dzũ endorsed five tickets, but none were successful.
Along with two other failed presidential candidates, Sửu and Hoang Co Binh, Dzũ held a media conference accusing Thiệu and Kỳ of engaging in election fraud. Kỳ had not hidden his distaste for democracy or his opponents during the campaign and had "described the civilian candidates as 'ordure' filth, excrement, 'traitors', and 'destroyers of the national interest'". Kỳ went on to say that if his opponents continued to attack him, he would cancel the poll. Dzu and seven other civilian tickets filed formal complaints against the military for campaign irregularities. American officials, in line with their support for Thiệu and Kỳ, dismissed the protests as sour grapes, but a committee from the Constituent Assembly later resolved 16–2 to void the election results due to "a pattern of fraud". The finding had no effect as Thiệu and Kỳ made a series of arrests and other crackdowns against any civilian dissent.
After the election, Dzũ claimed to be leader of the opposition to Thiệu and Kỳ. Dzũ's performance was regarded to be a sign of the public discontent with the military rule of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam officers, rather than an endorsement of his policies. Nevertheless, Thieu was embarrassed by the results and had him arrested for illicit currency transactions. Dzũ was accused of illegally opening a bank account in San Francisco and was put under police surveillance.
Dzũ was arrested and brought before a Special Military Court on July 26, 1968 and sentenced to five years of hard labour, but due to public pressure in South Vietnam and abroad, he was released after only five months.
After the fall of Saigon in 1975, the victorious communists sent Dzũ to a reeducation camp. He died in the mid-1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18577307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577307" title="Liceo Joaquin Suarez (Montevideo)">
Liceo Joaquin Suarez (Montevideo)

Joaquin Suarez's high school was the first public secondary school in Pocitos, in the city of Montevideo. 
From 1944 to 1948 its location was in Magallanes street where he shared the building with the Italian School, a place that later the Faculty of Economics and Faculty of Humanities later. That same year, Professor Juan Carlos Sábat Pébet, writer, journalist, historical researcher and poet, (elected director Joaquín Suárez 1945), is the driving force behind the transfer of this high school to the district Pocitos, Spain 2772 Boulevard street.
Later he would move to its current location on the street Jaime Zudañez 2730.

</doc>
<doc id="18577315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577315" title="Erika Araki">
Erika Araki

Erika Araki (荒木絵里香 "Araki Erika", born 3 August 1984) was a Japanese volleyball player who played for Toray Arrows. She served as captain for the national team from 2009 to 2012, and for Toray team from 2010 to 2013.
In July 2008, she moved to Foppapedretti Bergamo for one season.
On 18 June 2013 Toray announced her marriage.
On 10 October 2013 Toray announced her pregnancy and retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="18577331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577331" title="9X Media">
9X Media

9X Media is a television network based in Mumbai, India. The company was founded by Indrani Mukerjea in 2007 through two companies, INX Media Pvt Ltd and INX News Pvt Ltd.
In March 2009, chairman and chief strategy officer Peter Mukerjea and founder and CEO Indrani Mukerjea left their management roles at INX Media.
In August 2010, INX Media renamed themselves 9X Media as part of a restructuring process. The move is in line with the company's strategy to undertake new media initiatives.
Current stations.
Music TV channel 9XM launched in 2007, targeting the 15 to 24 age group and playing only Hindi film songs. 
On 31 August 2011, the broadcaster launched 9x Tashan, a Punjabi music channel. This was followed by Marathi music channel 9x Jhakaas on 31 October 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18577340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577340" title="Predictify">
Predictify

Predictify.com was a Web 2.0 company based in Redwood City, California. It was founded by Stanford University graduates Parker Barrile and Michael Agnich. It went out of business in 2009, according to this article.. 
Users of the site users submitted deterministic, verifiable questions concerning future events. Other users then gave answers and predicted the outcome. 
Users who answered questions were rewarded in two ways. First, the accuracy of user responses was tracked and reevaluated each time a question that the user answered closed. Predictify assigned users to one of five "levels" depending on the user's accuracy percentile. Users could also earn money for correctly answering "Premium Questions". Premium questions were generally submitted by companies. The submitter of a premium question received detailed demographic information and analysis on each answer given. Part of the fee paid by premium question submitters constituted the "pot" from which correct answers were paid.
The site allowed marketing and market research in a manner far less obvious than most traditional advertising and survey methods. Users didn't realize that their predictions may have strongly affected the outcome of the question. For example, if a company was considering increasing the cost of a product, they could survey consumers to determine how much more they were willing to pay. The outcome of the survey would then set the new price of the product. The company could further sort the data based on the demographic information collected on respondents, to ensure that they priced the product correctly for their target market. The demographic analysis of respondents was very valuable to companies and was the true product Predictify sells.
Companies could also use questions on Predictify to conduct guerilla advertising campaigns. Users would try to answer premium questions correctly, in order to win the cash prize associated with the question. In the course of formulating their prediction they may have researched the subject of the question. Companies could create interest in their products by asking questions about them; individuals answering the question may have visited the company's website to learn more about the product. Dilbert creator, Scott Adams, posted a question seeking sales volume projections of a book he authored. Early customers and partnerships were established by the company's first full-time employee, Ed Heacox.
The Washington Post, New York Times, and San Francisco Chronicle all have used Predictify to judge reader interest in stories.
According to an announcement made in Predictify's official page, the company ceased operations and shut down the entire Predictify service on September 1, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18577363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577363" title="Caligari Corporation">
Caligari Corporation

Caligari Corporation was founded in 1985 by Roman Ormandy. A prototype 3D video animation package for the Amiga Computer, which led to the incorporation of Octree Software in 1986. From 1988 to 1992, Octree released several software packages including Caligari1, Caligari2, Caligari Broadcast, and Caligari 24. Caligari wanted to provide inexpensive yet professional industrial video and corporate presentation software. In 1993, Octree Software moved from New York to California and became known as Caligari Corporation. In 1994 trueSpace 1.0 was introduced on the Windows platform. In early 2008, the company was acquired by Microsoft.
On 21 May 2009, Caligari announced that Microsoft will cease to provide support for Caligari trueSpace. The website and forums were affected, and some services ceased to operate from May 22 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18577366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577366" title="Kanlidzha">
Kanlidzha

Kanlidzha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18577384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577384" title="Mack Harrell">
Mack Harrell

Mack Kendree Harrell, Jr. (8 October 1909 Celeste, Texas — 29 January 1960 Dallas, Texas) was an American operatic and concert baritone vocalist who was regarded as one of the greatest American-born lieder singers of his generation.
Professional career.
Harrell made his concert debut at New York City's Town Hall singing a recital of opera and lieder in 1938. That same year he won the Metropolitan Opera's "Audition of the Air" competition (pre-cursor to the National Council Auditions) which led to Edward Johnson offering him a contract with the company. Harrell made his professional opera debut at the Met on December 16, 1939 as Biterolf in Richard Wagner's "Tannhäuser". He sang with the company every year through 1948, and returned for the 1949-1950, 1952–1954, and 1957-1958 seasons. Among the many roles he portrayed at the Met are Amfortas in "Parsifal", Baron Douphol in "La Traviata", Captain Balstrode in "Peter Grimes", Dancaïre in "Carmen", Dodon in "Le Coq d'Or", Fiorello in "Il Barbiere di Siviglia", Frédéric in "Lakmé", Herald in "Lohengrin", Kothner in "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg", Lindorf in "Les Contes d'Hoffmann", Masetto in "Don Giovanni", Papageno in "Die Zauberflöte", Peter in "Hänsel und Gretel", Shchelkalov in "Boris Godunov", and Wolfram in "Tannhäuser" among others.
He notably created the role of Samson in the world premiere of Bernard Rogers's "The Warrior" opposite Regina Resnik as Delilah at the Met on January 11, 1947. He also portrayed Nick Shadow in "The Rake’s Progress" for the works US premiere at the Met in February 1953. After 1954, Harrell returned to the Met only one more time during his career to portray Jochanaan in Richard Strauss's "Salome" in 1958. His final and 156th performance at the Met was as Jochanaan on February 17, 1958 with Inge Borkh as Salome.
While performing at the Met, Harrell also maintained an active concert career and performed roles with a number of other opera companies. In 1940 he sang Alfio in "Cavalleria rusticana" and Ford in Verdi's "Falstaff" in Chicago. In May 1944 he made his first appearance at the New York City Opera (NYCO) as Germont in "La Traviata", and returned in 1948, 1951–1952, and 1959. At the NYCO he notably portrayed the role of Rabbi Azrael in the world premiere of David Tamkin's "The Dybbuk" (1951) and Pierre Cauchon in the premiere of the one act version of Norman Dello Joio's "The Triumph of St. Joan" (1959). In September 1945 Harrell made his debut with the San Francisco Opera portraying Escamillo in "Carmen". He sang several more roles with that company during the 1945-1946 season, including the Commissioner in "Der Rosenkavalier", Dapertutto in "Les Contes d'Hoffmann", Fernando in "Fidelio", Germont, Marcello in "La bohème", Ramiro in "L'Heure Espagnole", and Silvio in "Pagliacci" among others. In 1952 he portrayed the King of Spain in the United States premiere of Darius Milhaud's "Christophe Colomb" at Carnegie Hall. In 1955, he portrayed Olin Blitch in the world premiere of Carlisle Floyd's "Susannah" at Florida State University opposite Phyllis Curtin in the title role. In 1956 he sang in the United States premiere of Milhaud's "David" at the Hollywood Bowl.
In 1944 Mack and his wife's son, the celebrated cellist Lynn Harrell, was born. From 1945 to 1956 Harrell taught voice at The Juilliard School. In 1954 he succeeded Walter Paepcke as the director of the Aspen Music Festival and School, a position he held until his death in 1960. Harrell died in Dallas, aged 50.
Post baccalaureate education.
Harrell studied the violin at Oklahoma City University. Later, he was awarded a scholarship to attend Philadelphia's Curtis Institute of Music where he studied violin under Emanuel Zetlin. He met his wife, violinist Marjorie Fulton, while they were both students at the Curtis Institute. It was at the Curtis Institute that the quality of his bass voice was discovered, after which he left Curtis for The Juilliard School to study singing with Anna E. Schoen-René (1864–1942), who had been a pupil of Pauline Viardot-Garcia and Manuel Garcia. Harrell believed that his experience of musical studies as a violinist first made him a better singer than he might have been otherwise.
In 1939, Harrell's book, "The Sacred Hour of Song: A Collection of Sacred Solos Suitable for Christian Science Services", was published by C. Fischer.
Growing up.
Harrell was born in Celeste, Texas, to Asbury Mack Kendree Harrell (1857–1915) and Mollie Harrell, "(née" Virginia Marr Kelly; 1863–1935). The youngest of two brothers and a sister, he was raised and educated in Greenville, Texas. He studied violin from the age of ten and continued for twelve years. One of his brothers, Lynn Mozart Harrell (1902–1987), had been a big band pianist with the Jimmy Joy Orchestra while a student at The University of Texas at Austin in the 1920s.
References.
General citations
Inline citations

</doc>
<doc id="18577405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577405" title="Karl T. Pflock">
Karl T. Pflock

Karl Tomlinson Pflock (January 6, 1943 – June 5, 2006) was a UFO researcher and author of both fiction and non-fiction. He was best known for his book "".
Background.
Pflock was born in San Diego, California. He attended San Jose State University and received a bachelor's degree in philosophy and political science.
Death.
Pflock died June 5, 2006 in Placitas, New Mexico. He died from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.

</doc>
<doc id="18577411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577411" title="Kluckhohn">
Kluckhohn

Kluckhohn is the surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="18577416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577416" title="Punuk Islands">
Punuk Islands

The Punuk Islands are a chain of three small islets in the Bering Sea off the eastern end of St. Lawrence Island. They are located 8.5 km to the southeast of Cape Apavawook and 18 km to the southwest of Niyghapak Point.
These islands were drawn on the map with their Yup'ik name, which was obtained in 1849 by Capt. M. D. Tebenkov, of the Imperial Russian Navy. They are also known by the names "Pinik Islands" and "Poongook Islands."
The Punuk Islands are a natural habitat for walruses and seabirds. The Tundra Voles found on the island belong to an endemic subspecies ("Microtus oeconomus punukensis").
The Okvik site, a significant Punuk culture archaeological site, was discovered on the Punuk Islands by Otto W. Geist in 1931. Geist and Ivar Skarland excavated the site in 1934, which yielded fossilized walrus ivory artifacts, many of which are now in the collection of the University of Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="18577423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577423" title="Dance or Die (Family Force 5 album)">
Dance or Die (Family Force 5 album)

Dance or Die is the second studio album from the band Family Force 5. It was produced by Joe Baldridge (Beck, tobyMac) and lead vocalist Solomon "Soul Glow Activatur" Olds. The album was released on August 19, 2008 both in stores and via digital distribution. This is the band's second full-length album release. However, it is the band's first release on the Tooth & Nail Records label. The band was previously with Gotee Records. The record was leaked in its entirety on the internet on August 15, 2008. As of December 2009 the album has sold over 100,000 units. "Dance or Die" won Best Album at the 2008 Rock on Request Awards.
Genre.
The album has been labeled as crunkcore, Christian rock, grunge, electronica, synthpop, dance-rock, R&B, urban and hip hop.
"Dance or Die" pre-order package.
Fans who pre-ordered the album online received the album, a limited edition T-shirt, and a "Dance or Die" sticker.
"Dance or Die" sold 17,000 copies in its first week and came in at 30 on the "Billboard" 200.
Music videos.
A video for "Radiator" was released a month after the album was. It features the band playing in a club style room with the "Dance or Die" logo behind them. A video for "Dance or Die" was released in August 2009.
Video games.
The song "Radiator" was released as a downloadable track on the Rock Band.

</doc>
<doc id="18577432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577432" title="Palmo">
Palmo

Palmo may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18577442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577442" title="Jim Hoskinson">
Jim Hoskinson

Jim Hoskinson is the director of Comedy Central's "The Colbert Report". Stephen Colbert often refers to him as "Jim" or "Jimmy" during the show.
Background.
Hoskinson hails from Connecticut.He began his television career as a cable puller for a Disney show. He later went to work for CBS's Inside Edition when Bill O'Reilly was anchor. He then had a six year directing stint at Fox News. Because of this experience, he was hired for the job on The Colbert Report, which is heavily modelled on pundits like O'Reilly and networks like Fox. 
Accolades.
Hoskinson has been nominated for 7 Emmy's and 1 Directors Guild of America award. 
He was cited for outstanding directing in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18577449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577449" title="A'amaal Ummi Dawud">
A'amaal Ummi Dawud

A'amaal Ummi Dawud is a supplication written by Ja'far al-Sadiq, the sixth Imam.

</doc>
<doc id="18577462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577462" title="University of Central Florida College of Graduate Studies">
University of Central Florida College of Graduate Studies

The University of Central Florida College of Graduate Studies is an academic college of the University of Central Florida located in Orlando, Florida, United States. The college confers most professional and research master's degrees and doctoral degrees in various fields of study for the university. The departments under which instruction and research take place are housed in UCF's other schools and colleges. The administrative offices for the College of Graduate Studies are located in Millican Hall, on UCF's main campus. The interim dean of the college is Ross Hinkle, Ph.D.
Originally called the Division of Graduate Studies, in August 2008 the UCF Board of Trustees changed the name to "College of Graduate Studies" to better reflect the school's responsibilities for graduate education. Since 2008, the dean of the College of Graduate Studies has concurrently held the title of vice provost. This dual title is in recognition of the role played by the dean in reviewing academic departments and graduate programs throughout the university.
For decades, the Division of Graduate Studies was housed in Colbourn Hall, which now includes the Graduate Student Center – a social, study, presentation, and research area for graduate students. The College of Graduate Studies does not have a faculty. The graduate faculty consists of members of the university faculty – organized in their colleges into "fields" representing distinct subject areas – who have been so designated by their respective departments or schools and approved by the dean of the College of Graduate Studies. Students apply for admission to a specific field, although once admitted, students are not limited to that field when selecting courses or faculty to serve of the committee supervising the student's research. The College of Medicine confers M.D.'s, but not Ph.D. degrees. The college offers 120 graduate degrees options. UCF ranks third among Florida's state universities in total graduate enrollment.

</doc>
<doc id="18577490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577490" title="Joseph Disse">
Joseph Disse

Joseph Disse (1852 – 1912) was a German anatomist and histologist born in Brakel, North Rhine-Westphalia.
He studied at the University of Erlangen, and after graduation became an assistant to anatomist Heinrich von Waldeyer-Hartz (1836-1921) at Strassburg. From 1880 to 1888 he was an instructor at the University of Tokyo, and afterwards became an associate professor at the University of Göttingen. From 1895 to 1912 he was a professor at the University of Marburg.
Joseph Disse specialized in the fields of microscopic anatomy, embryology and histology. His name is associated with the "space of Disse", which is a perisinosoidal space of the liver.

</doc>
<doc id="18577496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577496" title="Lake Edgar">
Lake Edgar

Lake Edgar was a natural fault scarp pond on the upper reaches of the Huon River in South West Tasmania.
Lake Edgar was actually two small lakes that were created when the Edgar fault caused the plains below Mount Anne, on the upper reaches of the Huon River, to move upwards by little more than 6 metres, causing the river to dam and divert northwards around Scotts Peak. The lake was eventually inundated when the Lake Pedder was flooded as part of a hydroelectric power scheme in 1972. Lake Edgar should not be confused with the Edgar pond which was created when the Edgar Dam intersected one of the smaller tributaries of Lake Edgar.
The Lake Edgar Fault originally formed in the Cambrian as a sinistral wrench fault with a displacement of 12 km. It was reactivated in the Quaternary. The fault passes through the west part of the Edgar Dam. The fault is about 25–33 km long. the fault dips to the west 60–70 degrees. The fault ruptured twice in the Quaternary period, with the early rupture around 25 ka and the last rupture since glaciation (less than 10 ka). The two Quaternary ruptures each elevated the western side by 2.5 m. This is the only fault known to have ruptured twice in the Quaternary period.
The fault was discovered by Carey and Newstead in 1960. It cracks up Precambrian rocks in the Jubilee Element. The fault dammed up the water to form a lake. This was later split by partial draining. Lake Edgar is the southern of the two small lakes formed. Rainfall is 2500 mm per year. Sediment would have rapidly filled the lake if it was old. The earthquakes associated with the formation of the uplifts would be 6.6 to 7.
The fault separated graphitic phyllite in the east from metasiltstone, argillite, quartz sandstone conglomerate on the west. The Hydro Electric Commission dug a trench through the fault and dug pits to determine if water would leak through the fault when the Edgar Dam was built. The fault possibly continues through weak talc containing ultrabasic rocks and into the Gell River Fault about 30 km north, which has an older Late Pleistocene displacement.

</doc>
<doc id="18577498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577498" title="A. Leroy Aylmer">
A. Leroy Aylmer

A. Leroy Aylmer (March 29, 1885 – January 10, 1970) was Mayor and later City Attorney of Compton, California.
Biography.
A(lbert) Leroy Aylmer was born March 29, 1885 in North Dakota, an attorney by trade.
Political career.
In the wake of C. S. Smith's 1936 recall, Aylmer became Mayor of Compton. After serving as mayor, Aylmer was elected City Attorney in 1949. However, he was so unpopular that four years later when he was up for re-election, he finished third in the primary.
He died January 10, 1970 in Los Angeles County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18577513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577513" title="Jakun">
Jakun

Jakun may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18577523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577523" title="Anand Mahindra">
Anand Mahindra

Anand Mahindra (हिन्दी: आनन्द महिन्द्रा) (born 1 May 1955) is the Chairman and Managing Director of Mahindra & Mahindra. His grandfather KC Mahindra co-founded the company from his hometown Ludhiana, Punjab. Keshub Mahindra is the uncle of Anand Mahindra.
Early life.
Anand Mahindra studied at The Lawrence School Lovedale early in his life and then graduated magna cum laude from Harvard College, Cambridge, Massachusetts in 1977 and completed his MBA from Harvard Business School, Boston, Massachusetts in 1981. According to October 26, 2011 rankings of Forbes, his net worth is US $825 million and is ranked #68 in India's rich list.
Career.
In 1991, he was appointed Deputy Managing Director of Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. He became the Managing Director in 1997 and took charge from Keshub 14 years ago in 1997. Mahindra was a co-promoter of Kotak Mahindra Finance Ltd, which was converted into a bank in 2003. 
Under Anand Mahindra's leadership, the Mahindra group has grown rapidly through both acquisitions and greenfield business development with several high-profile mergers in the past few years, including the acquisition of Satyam Computer Services in 2009, Reva Electric Vehicles in 2010, and Ssangyong Motor Company in 2010. In 2002, the company launched an indigenously developed SUV, the Scorpio, which today has gone global.
Interests.
Anand Mahindra studied filmmaking at Harvard and remains a keen photographer with a strong interest in film. He also enjoys listening to the blues and helped set up an annual Mahindra Blues Festival in Mumbai in 2011. Anand Mahindra has recently become a regular user of the social media tool Twitter.
Other activities.
Between 2003-04 he chaired the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) 
Mahindra is a Director of The National Stock Exchange of India Limited appointed under the "Public Representatives" category.
He is the Chairman of National Safety Council of India.
Mahindra is the Founder Chairman of the Mumbai Festival, which was launched in January 2005. The event was the first comprehensive festival to celebrate the rich cultural diversity of the city.
He is also a Trustee of Naandi Foundation.
Mahindra is also the Chairman of the National Institute of Design's Governing Council.
He is the current chairman of the governing board at the National Institute of Design, Ahmedabad.

</doc>
<doc id="18577541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577541" title="What My Father Saw">
What My Father Saw

What My Father Saw (ISBN: 1430325569) is a short novel by Melanie Saxer Johnston that was published on 10 July 2007. It is an autobiography of the young author, and her father's experiences liberating the Buchenwald concentration camp. The book deals with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, and has many portraits of bodies and people from inside the camp. It is one of the few books in a liberators perspective.

</doc>
<doc id="18577542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577542" title="Der Herr der Liebe">
Der Herr der Liebe

Der Herr der Liebe () is a 1919 silent film directed in Germany by Fritz Lang. It was his second film. Carl de Vogt and Gilda Langer starred, as they had in Lang's debut feature, "Halbblut". Lang himself is said to have acted in a supporting role.
The film is now considered to be lost.
Plot.
Residing in a castle in the Carpathian Mountains, Hungarian nobleman Vasile Disecu becomes infatuated with Suzette, the daughter of his neighbor. He mistakes Stefana, a maid who is secretly in love with him, for Suzette and makes love to her. When Yvette, his wife or mistress, finds out, she avenges herself with a liaison with Lazar, a Jewish peddler. Vasile imprisons Lazar. He kills Yvette and then himself.

</doc>
<doc id="18577545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577545" title="Bobby Brown (basketball)">
Bobby Brown (basketball)

Robert 'Bobby' Douglas Brown (born September 24, 1984) is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Dongguan Leopards of the Chinese Basketball Association (CBA).
After graduating from Cal State Fullerton, he entered the 2007 NBA Draft, but went undrafted. In his first pro season, he played overseas with the German League team Alba Berlin, and in 2008, he returned to the United States, where he played for several NBA teams, including the Sacramento Kings, Minnesota Timberwolves, New Orleans Hornets, and the Los Angeles Clippers.
While playing for Montepaschi Siena in the 2012-13 season, Brown tied a Euroleague post year 2000 single-game scoring record with 41 points. Brown won the Euroleague Alphonso Ford Trophy in 2013.
Early years.
Brown is a 6'2" (1.88 m) 175 lb (79 kg) point guard and played collegiately at California State University, Fullerton. Previously, he attended L.A.'s Westchester High School, playing alongside future NBA players Trevor Ariza and Hassan Adams.
Professional career.
Early years.
Brown left Cal State Fullerton in 2007, but ultimately went undrafted by any NBA team. He signed with the German team ALBA Berlin in August 2007, whom he helped win the German national league. He was also a participant in a five-overtime second-tier Eurocup game, in which he top-scored with 44 points, the second-highest total ever in the competition.
NBA career.
In 2008, Brown returned to the U.S., and played for the New Orleans Hornets in the NBA Summer League, with his highlight being a game-winning shot against the Charlotte Bobcats, in a 77–75 win.
He was rewarded for his stellar summer league play, by his being offered a two-year contract with the Sacramento Kings, one of a handful of NBA teams that courted him. He was also pursued by multiple overseas teams that had offered him lucrative deals, among them the Israeli league's Maccabi Tel-Aviv. He also came close to accepting a multi-year contract, "in the millions", from the Spanish league's FC Barcelona.
On February 19, 2009, he was traded to the Minnesota Timberwolves, along with Sheldon Williams, in exchange for Rashad McCants and Calvin Booth. On September 9, 2009, he was traded to the New Orleans Hornets, along with Darius Songaila, in exchange for Antonio Daniels, and a 2014 second round pick. On January 26, 2010, Brown was again traded to the Los Angeles Clippers, for a conditional 2014 2nd round pick and cash considerations.
He was on the Toronto Raptors roster for the 2010 NBA Summer League.
Return to Europe.
On September 22, 2010, Brown signed with the Polish League team Asseco Prokom, but he was released in December due to poor performances in the Euroleague. In his first Euroleague season, he averaged 10.7 points in 26 minutes over six games for Asseco Prokom, but shot only .333 percent from the field. On December 3, 2010, he signed a two-month contract with the Greek League Aris, in order to replace Pierre Pierce, who was sidelined for the two months.
On August 5, 2011, Brown signed with the German League team EWE Baskets Oldenburg.
Montepaschi Siena.
On August 8, 2012, Brown signed a one-year contract with the Italian League team Montepaschi Siena. He replaced 2011–12 Alphonso Ford top scoring trophy winner Bo McCalebb, who joined Fenerbahçe Ülker a week before. He won the Euroleague 2012–13 Alphonso Ford Trophy, averaging 18.8 points per game. He was also fourth in the Euroleague in assists, with an average of 5.3 per game, and led the league in several other parameters.
On January 4, 2013, Brown scored 41 points in a 98–92 comeback win over Fenerbahçe Ülker. He tied the Euroleague's post-2000 single game scoring record. He was eventually named the Euroleague MVP of the Month for January. In April of 2013, Brown won the Euroleague Alphonso Ford Trophy, the annual award given to the Euroleague's "Best Scorer" of the season. He averaged 18.8 points, 5.3 assists, and 1.7 rebounds per game, over a total of 24 games during the 2012-13 season, while shooting .411 from the field. He scored in double figures in 22 games, reached the 20-point mark on 10 occasions, and got to 30 points twice.
Dongguan Leopards.
In the summer of 2013, Brown signed with the Dongguan Leopards of China. On December 27, 2013, he scored 74 points in a 137-135 overtime victory over the Sichuan Blue Whales. He would score the second-highest amount of points in the Chinese Basketball Association's history, being one point shy from breaking the record that's still held by Quincy Douby.
Personal.
Brown shares the same name with the famous American R&B singer. In an interview, he affirmed jokes about his name: "Someone is always trying to be funny...asking me where Whitney's at." Upon announcing his signing with the Kings, ESPN ran the headlines "Their prerogative: Kings agree with Bobby Brown", and "New addition: Sources say Kings agree to deal with Brown", in reference to the singer's 1988 anthem "My Prerogative", and his former boy band New Edition, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18577565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577565" title="Hillview, Singapore">
Hillview, Singapore

Hillview (山景) is a private residential enclave nestled in the northwest of Singapore, overlooking Bukit Timah and the Bukit Timah Nature Reserve. The word Bukit means hill in the Malay language. Hillview is naturally endowed with lush greenery as it is encircled by the woodlands of Bukit Gombak in the North West and Bukit Timah in the South East. Some of the residential estates in Hillview sits atop Bukit Batok.
The Bukit Timah Nature Reserve was established in 1883 and is the last primary rainforest in Singapore. By 2014, an eco-link bridge will connect both the Bukit Timah Nature Reserve and the Central Catchment Nature Reserve, currently separated by a motorway. Environmentalist are hopeful that this will generate greater bio-diversity. 
From the early 1940s to the late 80s, Hillview was an industrial precinct with facilities such as Old Ford Motor Factory (built in 1941), Castrol Oil Company and Cycle & Carriage Daimler-Benz car assembly plant (built in 1965). Hume Avenue was probably named after Walter R Hume, an inventor turned entrepreneur who founded Hume Pipe Company (Australia). Subsequently, these facilities, other than the old Ford Motor factory (which was gazetted as a national monument), made way for new private residential developments.
Located just beside Bukit Timah, the area witnessed one of the fiercest military encounters during World War II as Bukit Timah held strategic and tactical importance to both the Japanese and the British. The Ford Motor Factory most notably served as the venue on 15 February 1942 for the formal surrender of the Malayan Peninsula by the British Commanding Officer, Lt-Gen. Arthur Ernest Percival, to the Japanese Commander of the 25th Army, Gen. Yamashita Tomoyuki.
One can also find the Old Bukit Timah Fire Station here. Built in 1956, this is one of the oldest fire stations of Singapore. Other colonial fire stations can also be found at Hill Street (Central Fire Station), Geylang and Alexandra.
Since the 19th century, Bukit Timah and its surrounding area, which is away from the hustle and bustle of the city, have been regarded as the perfect sanctuary and get-away for the European expatriates in Singapore.
Bukit Timah was once an active quarrying site in the mid-20th century. 
Hindhede Quarry, named after the Danish civil engineer, Jens Hindhede, once operated a granite quarry until it ceased operations around late 1980s. It has since been converted into Hindhede Nature Park and is a popular spot where visitors come to enjoy its scenic beauty.
In 1929, the Cold Storage Company bought 24 hectares stretch of forested land across Hillview. This area became known as Dairy Farm, named after the company's dairy farm business, which supplied the supermarket company with locally produced fresh milk. It has now been converted into Dairy Farm Nature Park. At the southern end of the park lies the Singapore Quarry, where visitors can relax and enjoy the picturesque view.
A new 80ha Chestnut Nature Park will be completed by early 2015, featuring a 30 km cycling loop along the Central Catchment Nature Reserve and a 7 storey Observation Tower to enjoy panoramic views of the Nature Reserve.
The KTM Malayan Railway used to operate passenger and freight services that ply through Hillview, from Malaysia in the north to Tanjong Pagar station in the south. Of significance are the 2 railway truss bridges spanning across the roads near Hillview. Under a bilateral agreement signed between Singapore and Malaysia on 24 May 2010, the railway land has been handed back to Singapore. There are now plans to redevelop the railway land running along Hillview into a Rail Corridor. Ideas include preserving it as a green belt, a venue for sports (biking & trekking), art (sculptures), culture (museums) and horticulture.
Princess Elizabeth Estate, which was previously located along Hillview Avenue's Elizabeth Drive, was built around 1951 to commemorate the wedding of Princess Elizabeth (later Queen Elizabeth II) to Prince Philip (the Duke of Edinburgh) in 1947.
There were also public housing built by the Housing Development Board (HDB) around 1979 at the north end of Hillview, with a community centre, a wet market, a hawker centre and some neighbourhood shops. In 1999, the government announced that the HDB estate would be relocated to Bukit Gombak via the largest Selective En-bloc Redevelopment Scheme (SERS). The residents started the relocation in 2003-2005. By late 2005, the last HDB estate was demolished.
Today, as one of the affluent residential areas in Singapore, Hillview boast several private condominiums and landed properties. It is served by restaurants & delicatessen, watering holes, cafes, and convenience stores (e.g. Cold Storage) at The Rail Mall. A new commercial shopping mall, hillv2, located at the beginning of Hillview Avenue is due to be completed by early 2014. It will be built on part of the site where the HDB estates once stood.
It will house Dean & DeLuca, Market Place Cold Storage, and Cold Stone Creamery. 
By 2016, Hillview will be served by the upcoming Hillview MRT Station via the Downtown Line.

</doc>
<doc id="18577578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577578" title="Joey Heric">
Joey Heric

Joey Heric is a fictional, recurring character on The Practice, played by John Larroquette, who won an Emmy for the role in 1998 and was again nominated in 2002.
Joey is a wealthy, wisecracking, narcissistic psychopath with a habit of stabbing his gay lovers to death. Despite his psychological problems, he is a brilliant schemer, who delights in and excels at manipulating the legal system for his own benefit. He first appeared as a murder defendant who had hired Bobby Donnell's firm to represent him, while in his second appearance (again as a murder defendant) he chooses to represent himself, with Bobby appointed by the court as second chair. When he returns several years later, he is now a licensed attorney, who hires Bobby's firm to help him with his first murder trial—only for Bobby to discover that Joey's primary motivation in becoming a lawyer is to continue to manipulate the legal system for his own amusement.
Larroquette's final appearance as Joey was a cameo in the season six finale, in which Joey appears on the news to publicly hint that he may be the culprit behind the O'Malley shooting—a twist on the firm's infamous misdirection strategy known as "Plan B."
Larroquette would eventually join the cast of "The Practice"'s spin-off, "Boston Legal", but as a different character, despite the fact that both shows supposedly share the same continuity.

</doc>
<doc id="18577582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577582" title="Hugh of Digne">
Hugh of Digne

Hugh of Digne (b. at Digne, south-east France, date uncertain; d. at Marseilles about 1285) was a Provençal Franciscan ascetical writer.
His close friend Salimbene refers to him in his Chronicles as "one of the most renowned clerics of the world a great preacher and in favour both among the clergy and the people; ever ready to dispute, he was possessed of a fluent speech, and a voice like that of a trumpet; he was a spiritual man ultra modum, so that on hearing him preach one would believe that he was listening to another St. Paul or another Elias." Salimbene also tells us that he was called Hugh of Bareol and that the Lombards knew him as Hugh of Montepesulano.
His sister, Douceline of Digne (ca. 1215-74), was the founder of the Beguines of Marseilles.
Life.
Jean de Joinville, in his life of Louis IX ("Acta Sanctorum"., August, V, xxvii), records the visit of Hugh of Digne to the king. Louis endeavoured to retain him at court, but Hugh set out again on his tour of evangelization. It was while on a similar journey that he wrote to John of Parma, who was then at Greccio, prophesying in his letter, among other things, the death of the pope and of St. Bonaventure, and the extinction of the Order of the Templars.
Salimbene considers that the writings of the Abbot Joachim of Flora influenced Hugh of Digne. He certainly took an active and prominent part in the movement of the Franciscan Spirituals. This is evidenced not only from his preaching, but more particularly from his exposition of the Rule of St. Francis and from his other ascetical writings. 
A biographical sketch of Hugh of Digne in Spanish which is of indifferent critical value, was published in the "Chronica Seraphica" by Damian Carnejo. He asserts that Hugh of Digne died at Marseilles, where his remains now rest in the Franciscan church of that city beside those of his sister Douceline.
Works.
Among his works is the "Tractus de triplici via in sapientiam perveniendi", attributed to him by Bartholomew of Pisa in his "Conformities" (not to be confounded with the "Incendium Amoris" of Bonaventure, which in several codices bears a similar title). He likewise drew up a set of rules or constitutions for his sister, Douceline of Digne, and other pious women, who formed a sort of religious community known as the Dames de Roubans, with Douceline as their superior.

</doc>
<doc id="18577584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577584" title="PZ Myers">
PZ Myers

Paul Zachary "PZ" Myers (born March 9, 1957) is an American scientist and associate professor of biology at the University of Minnesota Morris (UMM). He is founder and co-author of the Pharyngula science blog, hosted on both the Science Blogs and Freethought Blogs networks. He currently works with zebrafish in the field of evolutionary developmental biology and cultivates an interest in cephalopods.
He is an outspoken critic of intelligent design (ID) and the creationist movement, and is active in the American creation–evolution controversy. He is widely regarded as a confrontationalist.
In 2006, the journal "Nature" listed his Pharyngula as the top-ranked blog by a scientist.
Myers received the American Humanist Association's 2009 Humanist of the Year award and International Humanist Award in 2011. Asteroid 153298 Paulmyers is named in his honor.
Early life.
Myers was born March 9, 1957, the eldest of six children in Kent, Washington; his mother is of Swedish and Norwegian descent. Regarding his ancestry, Myers wrote: "I'm only half Scandinavian. The blood has been thinned with that of those domesticated English and Irish and Scots." He was named "Paul Zachary", after his grandfather, but preferred the initials PZ to being called "Little Paul". He claims to have been a "science geek" from an early age, gaining an interest in zoology and marine biology from studying the insides of fish while on fishing trips with his father.
Growing up, Myers attended an ELCA church. Prior to his confirmation, Myers says, "I started thinking, you know, I don't believe a word of this." Now an atheist, Myers comments widely on his blog about science, education, atheism and religion.
Education and activism.
Myers graduated from Kent-Meridian High School in 1975 and subsequently attended DePauw University in Indiana on a full scholarship. However, he returned home the next year after his father suffered a heart attack. He then graduated from the University of Washington in 1979 with Bachelor of Science in zoology. Myers drifted away from this field toward evolutionary developmental biology and obtained a PhD in Biology from the University of Oregon.
A self-avowed "godless liberal" and outspoken atheist, he is a vocal skeptic of all forms of religion, superstition, supernaturalism, spirituality and pseudoscience. He is quoted as having "nothing but contempt" for intelligent design, arguing that it is "fundamentally dishonest".
He is also an outspoken supporter of sex-positive feminism. Myers believes women should make their own sexual choices without outside pressure.
In 2009 Myers was named the American Humanist Association's "Humanist of the Year".
Post-graduate career.
Myers has taught and researched at the University of Oregon, the University of Utah and Temple University. He is currently an associate professor of biology at the University of Minnesota's Morris campus. He is a member of "Minnesota Citizens for Science Education".
Internet involvement.
USENET.
On USENET user groups, forums, and web sites such as talk.origins, Myers became involved in scientific debates, particularly those surrounding the growing creationist movement in the United States.
Blogging and writing.
In June 2002, Myers created his own web site and blog, "Pharyngula.org", which has since been hosted at ScienceBlogs by Seed Media Group and Freethought Blogs by Ed Brayton.
He was a founding member of The Panda's Thumb blog.
Pharyngula.
Pharyngula is Myers' personal weblog, promoted as "Evolution, development, and random biological ejaculations from a godless liberal." The topics Myers covers are eclectic, delving into the non-scientific as well as scientific. While Pharyngula includes many articles discussing breaking science news and research, the blog has become particularly well known for ridicule of intelligent design and of attempts to insert it into science education. The blog has been ranked as the third-most-read blog maintained by a Minnesotan. The science journal "Nature" listed Pharyngula as the top-ranked blog written by a scientist.
According to Alexa.com, Pharyngula.org was started on June 19, 2002. It started out as an experiment in writing instruction for a class. Students were required to submit mini-essays to be published online. After the project was finished, Myers still had the web-publishing software, and started to use it himself. The blog is named after his favorite stage in embryonic development, the pharyngula stage. Pharyngula moved to hosting at ScienceBlogs, a project of Seed Magazine, in 2005.
On Pharyngula, Myers has repeatedly denounced the Discovery Institute, Answers in Genesis, and other creationist websites, as well as offering rebuttals to Intelligent Design, pointing out that its claims are pseudoscientific. Other posts on Pharyngula cover a broad variety of topics that interest Myers. These include cephalopods; science; religion (to which Myers is unequivocally opposed); local, national and international politics, particularly those involving science and/or education; superstition; and evolutionary developmental biology. Myers dismissed the Discovery Institute's petition A Scientific Dissent From Darwinism, stating that the scientists listed didn't have credentials relevant to Biology, and that the number of them was minuscule compared to the scientific community as a whole.
On his blog in 2007, Myers reviewed Stuart Pivar's book "Lifecode", which argues that self-organization at the embryonic and fetal stages determine the development and final structure of organisms. Myers reviewed the book negatively, stating that the diagrams and ideas in the book arose from Pivar's imagination and had no basis in actual evidence.
How his theory can be reconciled with a large body of embryological evidence that directly contradicts virtually all of it is not clear, and Pivar has chosen not to address any of it. And a book full of geometrically interesting sketches neither explains nor supports Pivar's theory.… Theories are supposed to explain observation and experiment. You don't come up with a theory first, and then invent the evidence to support it.
After some discussion in the comments threads of Pharyngula, Pivar sued Myers for libel. Within a week Pivar withdrew the lawsuit, stating that "the real issue got sidelined" and that his problem was more with Seed Media Group.
In addition to articles about keeping religion out of science education, church-state separation, and complaints of misdeeds done in the name of religion, Myers continues to write about science in the disciplines of evolution, palaeontology, genetics, development, and molecular biology.
In 2012, Myers announced that Chris Clarke, an environmentalist and blogger, would become Pharyngula's co-author.
Books.
Myers' first book, "The Happy Atheist," has been published by Random House in August, 2013. It is largely a compilation of previous blog posts [http://www.readcube.com/articles/10.1038/500149a].
Eucharist controversy.
A controversy arose in July 2008 over a Pharyngula blog entry written by Myers expressing amazement at news reports of death threats issued to University of Central Florida Student Senator Webster Cook. On June 29, 2008, Cook attended a Catholic Mass being held in the student union at UCF by a Catholic student group that receives funding from the student government. Cook received the Catholic Eucharist host but did not consume it immediately. He said later that he wanted to take it back to his seat to show a friend, but when stopped he pretended to put it in his mouth until back at his seat, then a church leader made forcible attempts to take the wafer from him. Cook stored the host at his home, then returned it one week later after receiving e-mail threats and pleas. Bill Donohue, President of the Catholic League, described the student's actions as "beyond hate speech" and said that "All options should be on the table, including expulsion."
In his July 8 blog entry, Myers criticized the reaction to Cook's act. Myers described the level of harassment including multiple death threats leveled against the student, and accusations against the student which included hate crime, kidnapping, and intent to desecrate the Eucharist which Catholics consider a mortal sin. Myers expressed outrage that Fox News Channel appeared to be inciting readers to cause further problems for the student, and ridiculed reports that armed guards would attend the next mass. Myers suggested that if any of his readers could acquire some consecrated Eucharistic hosts for him, he would treat the wafers "with profound disrespect and heinous cracker abuse, all photographed and presented here on the web."
Myers was criticized from both religious and non-religious quarters. The Catholic League accused Myers of anti-Catholic bigotry, described his proposal as a threat to desecrate what Catholics hold to be the Body of Christ, and sent a letter asking the University of Minnesota and the Minnesota State Legislature to take action against Myers. The Catholic League argued that, as the Pharyngula website was accessible via a link from the University of Minnesota's website, it should be bound by the university's code of conduct, which requires faculty to be "respectful, fair and civil" when dealing with others. Joe Foley, a member of the Board of the Secular Student Alliance, wrote on the organization's website that Myers had "crossed the line" from "playful satire" to "masturbatory condescension". Foley concluded, "if open-minded believers are willing to join us in polite dialogue, we need to be ready to welcome them with more than ridicule and pranks."
Subsequently, Myers explained to the "Star Tribune" that while his post was "satire and protest," he had received death threats regarding the incident but was not taking them too seriously. In a talk show featuring Myers on "Catholic Radio International", hosted by Jeff Gardner, Myers confirmed that he had been sent an unspecified number of consecrated hosts and said that he intended to “subject them to heinous cracker abuse.” When asked by Gardner to explain why he must do so, Myers said that Donohue of the Catholic League was insisting that he acknowledge the Body of Christ in the Eucharist. Gardner pointed out that Donohue had no authority to insist on such acknowledgment. The show host then asked Myers which individual possessing the Magisterial authority of the Catholic Church had insisted that he recognize the Body of Christ in the Eucharist. Myers replied that no one from the Catholic Church had contacted him.
On July 24, 2008, Myers, in his post, "The Great Desecration," wrote that he had pierced through the "goddamned cracker" with a rusty nail, which he also used to pierce a few ripped-out pages of the Qur'an and "The God Delusion", and had simply thrown them all in the trash along with old coffee grounds and a banana peel. He provided a photograph of these items in the garbage, and wrote that nothing must be held sacred, encouraging people to question everything. In addition, he described the history of allegations of host desecration, emphasizing the frequent use of such allegations in medieval Europe to justify anti-Semitism. The following day, University of Minnesota, Morris (UMM) Chancellor stated: "I believe that behaviors that discriminate against or harass individuals or groups on the basis of their religious beliefs are reprehensible" and that the school "affirms the freedom of a faculty member to speak or write as a public citizen without institutional discipline or restraint."
Science activism.
Interview and screening of "Expelled".
In April 2007 Myers was interviewed for a documentary titled "Crossroads", purportedly about science and religion. However in September 2007, executive producer Mark Mathis announced that the movie was "" about "censorship" of intelligent design supporters. Regarding the discrepancy of focus, Myers wrote: "I mean, seriously, not telling one of the sides in a debate about what the subject might be and then leading him around randomly to various topics, with the intent of later editing it down to the parts that just make the points you want, is the video version of quote-mining and is fundamentally dishonest."
On March 20, 2008, Myers was of "Expelled: No Intelligence Allowed" at the Mall of America in Minneapolis. He was waiting with his family and guests to attend a private screening after having reserved seats for himself and guests under his own name using the freely available online procedure set up by the film's promoters. Shortly before the film started, a security guard told him that the producer Mark Mathis had instructed that Myers be removed from the premises. After telling his family of this Myers went to a nearby Apple store and blogged about his amusement that they had expelled him, but allowed his guest entry to see the film—British evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins, who had also been interviewed for the film under similar circumstances. In a question and answer session at the end of the film Dawkins asked why Myers had been excluded, and later said that "if anyone had a right to see the film, it was The incompetence, on a public relations level, is beyond belief." The saga has been described by Dawkins as "an incredible piece of inept public relations" on the part of the film's producers.
Creation Museum visit.
Myers' engagement as keynote speaker at the 2009 Secular Student Alliance Conference in Columbus, Ohio developed into an August 7, 2009 trip, in which 304 attendees visited the nearby Creation Museum in Petersburg, Kentucky. Beforehand, there was a flurry of heated blog posts which resulted in the museum sending a warning letter detailing appropriate behavior. The visit resulted in two reported incidents. In one, a student wearing a T-shirt that read "There's probably no God. Now stop worrying and enjoy yourself" was asked to turn the shirt inside out.
It was also reported that a student was asked to leave the Creation Museum after a family visiting the museum complained to staff that they saw him "laughing at the exhibits". Ken Ham however, denied that the student was told to leave, claiming that a photographer who witnessed the incident was the one who was removed.
Appearances.
Myers has been invited to speak about science, rationalism, or atheism at conferences, symposia, and other events. 
In July, 2013, Freethought Blogs organized an online virtual conference called FtBCon or FtB Conscience. Google+ Hangout software was used to enable real-time discussion around the world. Participants included all the Freethought Blog bloggers as well as Jeremy Beahan, Jamila Bey, Virginia Brown, Ania Bula, David Brin, Eneasz Brodski, Ian Bushfield, environmental blogger & author Chris Clarke, James Croft, Heina Dadabhoy, J. T. Eberhard, Daniel Fincke, Debbie Goddard, Julia Galef, Nicole Harris, Rebecca Hensler, scientist and blogger Greg Laden, Robin Marty, science artist & blogger Glendon Mellow, Aoife O’Riordan, Beth Presswood of The Atheist Experience, Kim Rippere, Amy Roth, Jacques Rousseau, Desiree Schell of Skeptically Speaking, David Silverman, Xavier Trapp, blogger Rebecca Watson, Eliezer Yudkowski, scientist & blogger Bora Zivkovic, and others. The conference was free and took place over three days.
Awards.
Myers has received several awards for his activism.
External links.
Official
Interviews/Presentations

</doc>
<doc id="18577586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577586" title="Two Bad Ants">
Two Bad Ants

Two Bad Ants is a 1988 children's book written and illustrated by American author Chris Van Allsburg.
Plot summary.
The title characters, while journeying through a human home, decide to exploit a sugar bowl on their own rather than delivering the crystals to the colony's queen. They experience misadventures: they land in a cup of coffee, fall into a sink and are threatened by its garbage disposal unit, are ejected from a toaster, and are nearly electrocuted when they enter an electric outlet. Chastened, they rejoin a line of ants carrying sugar back to the colony.
Interpretations.
In Philip Nel's analysis, a conflict between the book's plot and its illustrations leads to artistic tension. While the ants' return to the colony suggests "a victory for the bosses" and the narrative could be considered a "capitalist parable", the comparatively huge appliances in the kitchen, which terrify the ants, imply conspicuous consumption. Nel likens the book's resulting ambiguity to the works of Magritte.

</doc>
<doc id="18577587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577587" title="Patna Bird Sanctuary">
Patna Bird Sanctuary

Patna Vihar Bird Sanctuary is a protected sanctuary in the Jalesar sub division of Etah district in Uttar Pradesh. It covers an area of 108 hectares, and was founded in 1991. It is the smallest Bird Sanctuary in Uttar Pradesh, with a wetland area of only 1 km².
About 200,000 birds of 300 different species of birds frequent the sanctuary. Pied Mynas, herons, cormorants & ducks and geese of all descriptions also frequent the Sanctuary. Patna Sanctuary is best during the winter months as most of the birds tend to leave in March.
It takes around 1.5 hours from Agra by road. One can reach there via Aligarh (68 KM) or Hathras(29 KM) 
More than 106 species of migratory and resident birds are known to have their resting habitats at Lake. The entire lake area gets covered by profuse growth of macrophytic vegetation of water hyacinth and Potamogeton sp. during summers. The water quality of lake supports wide range of avifauna during winter season. The important aquatic birds inhabiting lake are

</doc>
<doc id="18577591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577591" title="Narimanlu">
Narimanlu

Narimanlu may refer to:

</doc>
