<doc id="18729547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729547" title="Higashi-Yodogawa Station">
Higashi-Yodogawa Station

History.
The station opened on April 1, 1940. When the Tōkaidō Shinkansen and Shin-Osaka Station opened in 1964, the original plan was to close Higashi-Yodogawa (only 0.7 km from Shin-Osaka in what was then a largely rural area), but neighborhood residents' objections succeeded in keeping the station open. This distance is the shortest between any two stations on the JR Kyoto Line, as well as between any two stations on the entirety of the Tōkaidō Main Line, followed closely by Tokyo–Yūrakuchō on the Yamanote Line and the Keihin-Tōhoku Line and Sannomiya–Motomachi on the JR Kobe Line, at 0.8 km each.
Layout.
The station has two island platforms, each of which exclusively serves up or down trains. Outer side of each platform is fenced as no trains on the outer tracks make stop at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18729548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729548" title="The Bell Inn">
The Bell Inn

The Bell Inn is a Grade II listed public house in Nottingham, England. Dating from around 1437, it claims, along with Ye Olde Trip to Jerusalem Inn and Ye Olde Salutation Inn, to be the oldest in the city.
History.
Foundation and early history.
In 1276 a group of Carmelite friars established a Friary on what is now Friar Lane with lands that included a guesthouse on the site of what is now The Bell Inn. 
The Inn was originally constructed around 1420 (according to dendrochronological dating of timbers) as a refectory for the monks of the monastery on Beastmarket Hill, but became a secular alehouse in 1539 (following the Dissolution of the Monasteries by Henry VIII) taking its name from the Angelus bell that hung outside.
The earliest known written reference to the Inn is the 1638 Will of Alderman Robert Sherwin which bequeaths the leasehold of the establishment to the poor of the local parishes.
John White bequeathed the freehold of the Inn to his wife Mary in 1732 and two years later she sold it to wealthy local banker Abel Smith. The freehold subsequently passed down the Smith family line to the politician and banker Abel Smith, in 1756, and then to Robert Smith, 1st Baron Carrington, in 1782.
The 19th century.
Jane Lart purchased the freehold from Lord Carrington in 1803 and the leasehold from the Church in 1806 combining the two legally. Under the terms of the lease she also undertook extensive repairs of the building and constructed a Georgian frontage that allowed for the preservation of the rare crown post structure to this day.
The cricketer William Clarke gave up his bricklaying job to become landlord of the Inn in 1812 before going on to marry the landlady of the Trent Bridge Inn where he established the famous Trent Bridge cricket ground.
Rioters protesting against the Reform Act gathered at the Inn on Goose Fair night 1831 and smashed the windows before going on to burn down many of the city's prominent buildings, including Nottingham Castle and Colwick Hall.
Tory politician John Walters established his campaign headquarters at the Inn for the 1841 British general election and had to take refuge here when he was set upon by an angry mob in the Square. 
The Charity Commission sold the Inn in 1888 to A.W. Hickling for £7,210 (£ as of ), and it subsequently became a tied house to a brewery for the first time in its history.
Joseph Jackson bought the Inn on October 21, 1898 for £12,500 (£ as of ).
The 20th century.
Mary Jackson succeeded her husband as proprietor in 1913 and established the famous two course Market Dinners of Stilton cheese, beef and vegetables, and a pint of Nottingham ale for one shilling. Following her death a quirk in her will meant the Inn had to go for sale by public auction. 
The Inn was purchased for £26,000 (£ as of ), by her youngest son Robert who in 1928 converted the stable courtyard at the rear of the premises into the café bar style Snack Bar which included a large cabinet radio gramophone and catered to the workers building the new Nottingham Council House nearby.
Robert’s widow Dorothy continued the business following his death in 1934 and was joined by their son David in 1953. Extensive renovations opened up the family’s first floor accommodation to public use as the clubroom (now The Belfry Restaurant).
In 1957 the Jacksons established the Presentation of the President's Tankard ceremony which takes place on the first Wednesday in November and sees the President of the Nottingham University Students' Union receive an engraved silver tankard and a public banquet of two roasted pigs with stuffing, bread, and apple sauce. A plaque engraved with a list of all the Presidents since is on display in the snack bar
In 1982 the Inn became a Grade II listed building.
Dorothy died in 1984 and David continued running the business with his two sons Paul and Richard. Another period of renovation concluded with the extension of the Snack Bar in 1991.
The Jackson family celebrated 100 years of ownership in 1998 and the Inn was featured along with its rivals Ye Olde Trip to Jerusalem Inn and Ye Olde Salutation Inn in an episode of the Channel 4 TV series History Hunters which used records, building architecture and timbers, and local legends to decide which was truly the oldest.
The 21st century.
The Inn was sold to Hardys & Hansons in 2002, which was in turn sold to Greene King in 2006.
Premises.
Entranceway and bars.
Entrance to the bars is via the central passageway, that used to lead to the stables where the Snack Bar now stands, which retains its original flagstones. To the right of the entranceway are the leprosy windows where customers supposedly had their fingers counted before being allowed to enter.
The original bars known as The Long Room (a.k.a. The Tudor Bar) and The Elizabethan Bar (a.k.a. Lizzies Bar) date back to 1437 and the original timber crown-posts and cross beams have been preserved. The Tudor Bar also features a piece of the original wallpaper amongst other historical artifacts on display. Lizzies Bar is dominated by a large stained glass window and restoration work in 2002 uncovered the original wooden floor showing evidence of where the bar was once located.
The Snack Bar was an outdoor courtyard with two wells used for brewing that was converted to its current form by Robert Jackson in 1928 and extended by his son and grandson in 1991 to include a stage for live music performances.
First floor restaurant and function room.
The original living quarters, with a bedroom and bathroom featuring two front-facing windows overlooking the Old Market Square, were opened to the public as the Clubroom by the Jackson family in 1953. The oak panelled low-beamed room which features an original fireplace now houses The Belfry restaurant. The Crown Post Room is an extension to The Belfry that is used for private functions and features the unusual crown post roof supports. 
The cellars.
The cellars are located in natural and hand carved caves in the sandstone beneath what is now the Snack Bar and adjacent buildings. Dating back to the Norman dynasty they were excavated by the Carmelite friars and contain two wells (including the Monks Well), the site of the original kitchen where Mary Jackson prepared her Market Dinners and a well preserved bonded warehouse once used by a neighbouring wine merchant. The Cellars are opened to the public on regular guided tours.

</doc>
<doc id="18729554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729554" title="Sir David Baird, 2nd Baronet">
Sir David Baird, 2nd Baronet

Sir David Baird of Newbyth, 2nd baronet (1795 – 8 January 1852), was a British Baronet and captain in the British army. He was born in 1795, the son of Robert Baird and Hersey Christina Maria Gavin. On 10 August 1821 he married Lady Anne Kennedy, daughter of Sir Archibald Kennedy, 1st Marquess of Ailsa and Margaret Erskine. Together they had ten children.
Baird succeeded to the title of 2nd Baronet Baird, of Newbyth, county Haddington on 18 August 1829, on the death of his uncle Sir David Baird, 1st Baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="18729570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729570" title="Galatasaray S.K. (men's volleyball)">
Galatasaray S.K. (men's volleyball)

Galatasaray FXTCR is the men volleyball section of Galatasaray SK, a major sports club in Istanbul, Turkey. Galatasaray, play their matches in 7000-seat arena, called the TVF Burhan Felek Sport Hall. Galatasaray plays in the Turkish Men's Volleyball League and in the CEV Champions League.

</doc>
<doc id="18729577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729577" title="Galatasaray S.K. (women's volleyball)">
Galatasaray S.K. (women's volleyball)

Galatasaray Daikin is the women's volleyball section of Galatasaray S.K., a major sports club in Istanbul, Turkey. The section is sponsored by Daikin.

</doc>
<doc id="18729585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729585" title="Maihama Station">
Maihama Station

Lines.
The station is served by the Keiyō Line from , and also by Musashino Line services to and from .
Station layout.
The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office.
History.
The station opened on 1 December 1988.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 63,898 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
The passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.
Surrounding area.
The station is the main access point of Tokyo Disney Resort. The park's main gate is located in front of the station as well as Resort Gateway Station of the Disney Resort Line monorail.

</doc>
<doc id="18729598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729598" title="Victor Le Fanu">
Victor Le Fanu

Victor Charles Le Fanu (14 October 1865–9 August 1939) was an Irish international rugby union flanker who played club rugby for Landsdowne.
Le Fanu was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge and would later play for Cambridge rugby team. He won three sporting Blues, playing in all three Varsity matches from 1884-1886.
His father was William Le Fanu, a Commissioner of the Irish Board of Works, who more famously was the brother of Sheridan Le Fanu.
International career.
Le Fanu was first capped for Ireland on 6 February 1886 in a home game against England. Le Fanu, still at Cambridge, had a difficult start which saw England win comfortably, in front of a then record crowd of 7,000. Le Fanu would represent Ireland on 11 occasions, and in 1892 he captained the team in all three home nation matches.

</doc>
<doc id="18729607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729607" title="Tim Morehouse">
Tim Morehouse

Timothy Frank "Tim" Morehouse (born July 29, 1978) is an American fencer who won a Silver Medal competing in the men's sabre as a member of the United States fencing team, at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Morehouse is coached by Yury Gelman.
Early life.
Morehouse is the son of Eloise and John Morehouse. He grew up in the Riverdale section of the Bronx in New York City. He originally took up fencing at Riverdale Country School in order to be excused from gym class. In high school, he played on the Riverdale Country School's baseball team all four years and was a member of the cross country running team for one year. He was the fencing team's captain and most valuable player during his junior and senior years at the school.
Higher education.
Morehouse received a bachelor's degree from Brandeis University in 2000, majoring in History. He was awarded a masters degree in Teaching from Pace University in 2003.
Religious/ethnic heritage.
His maternal grandmother was a Jewish immigrant who escaped Nazi Germany in the 1930s; she later joined the Quakers. Morehouse was raised with a "mixture" of religious traditions. He spoke in an interview before the 2012 Olympics about how his "sense of being Jewish" is based on the experiences of his maternal grandmother, and that he plans to participate in the 2013 Maccabiah Games, an international Jewish athletic event held in Israel every four years.
Fencing career.
Morehouse won a Silver Medal competing in the men's sabre as a member of the United States fencing team, at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He is a two-time individual U.S. National Champion (2010 and 2011) and was the number-one-ranked U.S. men's saber fencer from 2008-2011. He trains with Yury Gelman at the Manhattan Fencing Center, and at Bodhizone Human Performance and Sports Physical Therapy in New York City.
College.
Morehouse attended Brandeis University, where he was ranked in the top 10 of the NCAA's Division I men's sabre in each of his final three years at the school (ranked tenth in 1998, sixth in 1999 and fourth in 2000). He was honored as an NCAA All-American in each of those years. He was voted by coaches and athletes as NCAA men's sabre fencer of the year in 2000. Morehouse led Brandeis to be ranked tenth among all Division I schools in 2000.
Olympics.
Morehouse was selected as an alternate on the U.S. Fencing Team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, after mounting a comeback and defeating Ahmed Yilla at the U.S. Fencing National Championship in Atlanta, where he competed as part of Fencers Club. As a replacement, Morehouse was ineligible for individual competition but could participate as a substitute in team competition. Morehouse was ranked 16th in the world in 2007.
Morehouse competed in men's sabre at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, and won the Silver Medal. In the 2012 London Olympic Games, he lost in the individual quarterfinals to Diego Occhiuzzi of Italy, who went on to win silver. In the team event Morehouse was one of two fencers from the Beijing Olympics still on the team, the other being James Williams. The team eventually came in 8th.
Service and philanthropy.
After graduating from college, Morehouse taught underprivileged students while working with Teach For America, teaching 7th grade at Intermediate School 90 in Washington Heights, Manhattan while he coached the fencing team at his alma mater, Riverdale Country School. He has worked at the organization's offices in New York City while he trained for the Olympics.
After the 2008 Olympics, Morehouse worked to promote the sport of fencing and established programs to attract new participants to the sport. As a motivational speaker, Morehouse spoke to over 15,000 children and young people in urban schools about his Olympic story. He has also given presentations to Fortune 100 and 500 organizations. One of the highlights of his career took place in 2009 when he taught President Obama to fence on the White House lawn in support of Chicago’s bid to host the 2016 Summer Olympics. He has appeared on the Today Show and Happy Hour on Fox Business. In 2008, he was one of the featured athletes on the Emmy Award-winning television documentary, “My First Time: Competing at the Olympics.” Morehouse was inducted into Brandeis Athletics Hall of Fame in 2009, and was the youngest recipient of Brandeis University's Alumni Achievement Award in 2010 for his achievements as an athlete and his work with Teach For America. He was named by Fast Company as one of the most influential alumni of Teach For America.
A producer of fencing events and fundraisers, Morehouse founded and produced the Fencing Masters Tournament, the largest spectator fencing competition in the U.S. He supports various non-profits and is an Athlete Ambassador for Right to Play, an organization working with volunteers and partners to use sport and play to enhance child development in areas of disadvantage. In 2011, Morehouse founded the Fencing-in-the-Schools foundation – a non-profit program dedicated to bringing the sport of fencing to under-served communities throughout the country.
He is the author of the book, "American Fencer: Modern Lessons from an Ancient Sport" (2012), in which he shares experiences as an Olympic athlete and teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="18729650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729650" title="Live at Shepherds Bush Empire (album)">
Live at Shepherds Bush Empire (album)

Live at Shepherds Bush Empire is a live album by English musician Gary Numan. The album was released in March 2004 by Eagle Records and is a recording of Numan's 9 November 1997 Shepherds Bush Empire concert during the Exile Tour.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Gary Numan.

</doc>
<doc id="18729651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729651" title="The Magic Thief">
The Magic Thief

The Magic Thief is the first book in a children's fantasy trilogy published by HarperCollins in June 2008. Authored by American Sarah Prineas and illustrated by Antonio Javier Caparo the novel follows the adventures of Connwaer, a thief, who is taken into apprenticeship by Nevery Flinglas, an old wizard.
The sequels "The Magic Thief: Lost" was published in June 2009 followed by "The Magic Thief: Found" in May 2010.
Beginnings.
Prineas wrote the first chapter of "The Magic Thief" for Cricket, a literary magazine for young adults, after a request for stories about wizards and serialized fiction. When she felt the characters had more to tell, she expanded it into a novel, and then into a trilogy.
Overview.
Connwaer, a pickpocket on the streets of the Twilight side of the city of Wellmet, one day picks the pocket of a powerful wizard named Nevery and steals his locus magicalicus, a special stone that helps wizards connect to the magical power of the city. It should kill Conn, but Nevery stops the process by saying a spell using Conn's name. It turns out that Nevery has just returned (or rather, snuck in) after a 20-year exile, to try to save the town from the leaching of its magic, upon which so much, including its economy, depends. Curious about the boy, Nevery takes him on as a servant and then later an apprentice. Although it is the wizard's job to stem the tide of the disappearing magic, he seems unable to do so. Conn believes he knows the answer, but his enemies are closing in.
Runic Messages.
In "The Magic Thief" messages written in the Rune language by Conn are dotted throughout the book in Nevery's Journal. Altogether, there are 10. They are as follows:
Reviews.
"The Magic Thief" has received positive reviews from both Kirkus and the School Library Journal and Teens Read Too.com, claiming that it "stands out from the many fantasy novels on the shelves." KUER-FM hosted a summer book listing, in which book expert Catherine Weller recommended "The Magic Thief".

</doc>
<doc id="18729677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729677" title="V450 Aquilae">
V450 Aquilae

V450 Aquilae is semi-regular pulsating star.

</doc>
<doc id="18729681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729681" title="Wilhelm Anhalt">
Wilhelm Anhalt

Johannes Friedrich Wilhelm Anhalt (28 March 1917 – 13 May 1979) was a "Kapitänleutnant" with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and recipient of the coveted Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="18729685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729685" title="Mary Gregg Byrne">
Mary Gregg Byrne

Mary Gregg Byrne (born 1951, in Oberlin, Ohio) is an American portraitist, Illustrator, and landscape artist, who is best known for her watercolor paintings.
Biography.
Byrne was born in 1951, in Oberlin, Ohio and grew up in the Midwest. Byrne's grandmother was an artist, and Byrne started painting when she was a child, being encouraged by her mother. 
Byrne went to Occidental College, intending to become a biologist. But she later changed her mind and attended University of Oregon, where she earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts in printmaking in 1975. After graduating from university, Byrne worked as a scrimshaw and advertising designer at Alaskan Silver & Ivory Company for a few years until 1980. After that, she began painting watercolors. In 1995, she attended School of Visual Concepts.
In 1975, Byrne moved to Bellingham, Washington, where she currently lives.
Career as an illustrator.
Byrne's works have been exhibited in many places in the United States. Byrne is a member of the Society of Children's Book Writers and Illustrators, National Watercolor Society and the Northwest Watercolor Society, and she has had her works shown in traveling exhibition of Northwest Watercolor Society.
In 1997, Byrne received the Juror's Award for Painting at Tacoma Art Museum Northwest Biennial. In 2003, Byrne won a Benjamin Franklin Award for her illustrating work on the 2002 children book "One Smile".

</doc>
<doc id="18729692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729692" title="Additionality">
Additionality

"Additionality" is a notional measurement of an intervention (i.e., doing something), when the intervention is compared to a baseline, status quo metric (i.e., doing nothing). The 'intervention' can be based on either technology or economics. For an example of a technology based intervention, see the use of the word when discussing carbon credits.
Economic additionality is a relatively new concept, and a working definition of the term is shown below: 
Economic definition.
Net positive difference that results from economic development intervention. The extent to which an activity (and associated outputs, outcomes and impacts) is larger in scale, at a higher quality, takes place quicker, takes place at a different location, or takes place at all as a result of intervention. Additionality measures the net result, taking account of deadweight, leakage, displacement, substitution and economic multipliers.
Additionality is calculated by the following formula: 
where "A" is the additionality, "I"in is the impact of the intervention, and "I"rc is the impact of a reference case.

</doc>
<doc id="18729710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729710" title="Ōsakajō-kitazume Station">
Ōsakajō-kitazume Station

The station took over the ridership of the former Katamachi Station, which was the original terminal for the Gakkentoshi Line, now starting at Kyobashi Station. Formerly the Keihan Main Line also had a station in the same area.
Layout.
There is an island platform with two tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18729787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729787" title="Nancy Lublin">
Nancy Lublin

Nancy Lublin is the CEO of Do Something Inc. and was the creator of Dress for Success.
Early life and education.
Lublin attended the Kingswood-Oxford School before graduating from Brown University in 1993, Oxford University (where she was a Marshall Scholar), and New York University School of Law.
Career.
In 1995, with the help of a $5,000 inheritance, Lublin founded the organization Dress for Success. It provides women with interview suits and career development training in more than 114 cities in 12 countries.
Since August 2003, Lublin has overseen the growth of Do Something and led the effort to begin awarding more grant money to younger candidates seeking social change. The not-for-profit company has seen a significant revival, primarily in its use of online marketing and social campaigns.
Lublin writes a monthly column in "Fast Company" entitled "Do Something". She was also a featured speaker at the TED conference.
Published works.
Lublin's "Zilch: The Power of Zero in Business" was released on June 23, 2010.
Awards and honors.
Lublin was named to the World Economic Forum’s Young Global Leaders (2007), one of "Glamour" magazine’s Women of Worth (2006), received "Fast Company"'s Fast 50 Award (2002), and was named the NYC Women’s Commission Woman of the Year (2000).
Personal life.
Lublin is married to Jason Diaz and they have two children; the family lives in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="18729790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729790" title="Executive National Bank">
Executive National Bank

Executive National Bank is a Florida intrastate financial institution headquartered in the Miami area. The bank currently has five branches throughout Miami-Dade County.
Executive National Bank has been a member of the CDARS network since 2008.
Corporate history.
The bank was originally founded as Jefferson National Bank, charter number 15974, in 1972. In 1981, it was acquired by the Safie family and renamed Executive National Bank. It is wholly owned by the Executive Banking Corporation, a one bank holding company, which has maintained continuous control of the bank with Carlos Safie as President and CEO.

</doc>
<doc id="18729795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729795" title="John R. Stallings">
John R. Stallings

John Robert Stallings Jr. (July 22, 1935 – November 24, 2008) was a mathematician known for his seminal contributions to geometric group theory and 3-manifold topology. Stallings was a Professor Emeritus in the Department of Mathematics at the University of California at Berkeley where he had been a faculty member since 1967. He published over 50 papers, predominantly in the areas of geometric group theory and the topology of 3-manifolds. Stallings' most important contributions include a proof, in a 1960 paper, of the Poincaré Conjecture in dimensions greater than six and a proof, in a 1971 paper, of the Stallings theorem about ends of groups.
Biographical data.
John Stallings was born on July 22, 1935 in Morrilton, Arkansas.
Stallings received his B.Sc. from University of Arkansas in 1956 (where he was one of the first two graduates in the university's Honors program) and he received a Ph.D. in Mathematics from Princeton University in 1959 under the direction of Ralph Fox.
After completing his PhD, Stallings held a number of postdoctoral and faculty positions, including being an NSF postdoctoral fellow at Oxford University as well as and instructorship and a faculty appointment at Princeton. Stallings joined the University of California at Berkeley as a faculty member in 1967 where he remained until his retirement in 1994. Even after his retirement, Stallings continued supervising UC Berkeley graduate students until 2005. Stallings was an Alfred P. Sloan Research fellow from 1962–65 and a Miller Institute fellow from 1972-73.
Over the course of his career, Stallings had 22 doctoral students including Marc Culler and Hyam Rubinstein and 60 doctoral descendants. He published over 50 papers, predominantly in the areas of geometric group theory and the topology of 3-manifolds. 
Stallings delivered an invited address as the International Congress of Mathematicians in Nice in 1970 and a James K. Whittemore Lecture at Yale University in 1969.
Stallings received the Frank Nelson Cole Prize in Algebra from the American Mathematical Society in 1970. 
The conference "Geometric and Topological Aspects of Group Theory", held at the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute in Berkeley in May 2000, was dedicated to the 65th birthday of Stallings.
In 2002 a special issue of the journal Geometriae Dedicata was dedicated to Stallings on the occasion of his 65th birthday. Stallings died from prostate cancer on November 24, 2008.
Mathematical contributions.
Most of Stallings' mathematical contributions are in the areas of geometric group theory and low-dimensional topology (particularly the topology of 3-manifolds) and on the interplay between these two areas. 
An early significant result of Stallings is his 1960 proof of the Poincaré Conjecture in dimensions greater than six. (Stallings' proof was obtained independently from and shortly after the different proof of Steve Smale who established the same result in dimensions bigger than four).
Using "engulfing" methods similar to those in his proof of the Poincaré Conjecture for "n" > 6, Stallings proved that ordinary Euclidean "n"-dimensional space has a unique piecewise linear, hence also smooth, structure, if "n" is not equal to 4. This took on added significance when, as a consequence of work of Michael Freedman and Simon Donaldson in 1982, it was shown that 4-space has exotic smooth structures, in fact uncountably many such.
In a 1963 paper Stallings constructed an example of a finitely presented group with infinitely generated 3-dimensional integral homology group and, moreover, not of the type formula_1, that is, not admitting a classifying space with a finite 3-skeleton. This example came to be called the "Stallings group" and is a key example in the study of homological finiteness properties of groups. Bieri later showed that the Stallings group is exactly the kernel of the homomorphism from the direct product of three copies of the free group "F"2 to the additive group Z of integers that sends to 1 ∈ Z the six elements coming from the choice of free bases for the three copies of "F"2. Bieri also showed that the Stallings group fits into a sequence of examples of groups of type formula_2 but not of type formula_3. The Stallings group is a key object in the version of discrete Morse theory for cubical complexes developed by Bestvina and Brady and in the study of subgroups of direct products of limit groups. 
Stallings' most famous theorem in group theory is an algebraic characterization of groups with more than one end (that is, with more than one "connected component at infinity"), which is now known as Stallings' theorem about ends of groups. Stallings proved that a finitely generated group "G" has more than one end if and only if this group admits a nontrivial splitting as an amalgamated free product or as an HNN-extension over a finite group (that is, in terms of Bass-Serre theory, if and only if the group admits a nontrivial action on a tree with finite edge stabilizers). More precisely, the theorem states that a finitely generated group "G" has more than one end if and only if either "G" admits a splitting as an amalgamated free product formula_4, where the group "C" is finite and "C" ≠ "A", "C" ≠ "B", or "G" admits a splitting as an HNN-extension formula_5 where "K","L" ≤ "H" are finite subgroups of "H". 
Stallings proved this result in a series of works, first dealing with the torsion-free case (that is, a group with no nontrivial elements of finite order) and then with the general case. Stalling's theorem yielded a positive solution to the long-standing open problem about characterizing finitely generated groups of cohomological dimension one as exactly the free groups. Stallings' theorem about ends of groups is considered one of the first results in geometric group theory proper since it connects a geometric property of a group (having more than one end) with its algebraic structure (admitting a splitting over a finite subgroup). Stallings' theorem spawned many subsequent alternative proofs by other mathematicians (e.g.) as well as many applications (e.g.). The theorem also motivated several generalizations and relative versions of Stallings' result to other contexts, such as the study of the notion of relative ends of a group with respect to a subgroup, including a connection to CAT(0) cubical complexes. A comprehensive survey discussing, in particular, numerous applications and generalizations of Stallings' theorem, is given in a 2003 paper of Wall.
Another influential paper of Stalling is his 1983 article "Topology on finite graphs". Traditionally, the algebraic structure of subgroups of free groups has been studied in combinatorial group theory using combinatorial methods, such as the Schreier rewriting method and Nielsen transformations. Stallings' paper put forward a topological approach based on the methods of covering space theory that also used a simple graph-theoretic framework. The paper introduced the notion of what is now commonly referred to as "Stallings subgroup graph" for describing subgroups of free groups, and also introduced a foldings technique (used for approximating and algorithmically obtaining the subgroup graphs) and the notion of what is now known as a "Stallings folding". Most classical results regarding subgroups of free groups acquired simple and straightforward proofs in this set-up and Stallings' method has become the standard tool in the theory for studying the subgroup structure of free groups, including both the algebraic and algorithmic questions (see ). In particular, Stallings subgroup graphs and Stallings foldings have been the used as a key tools in many attempts to approach the Hanna Neumann conjecture. 
Stallings subgroup graphs can also be viewed as finite state automata and they have also found applications in semigroup theory and in computer science. 
Stallings' foldings method has been generalized and applied to other contexts, particularly in Bass-Serre theory for approximating group actions on trees and studying the subgroup structure of the fundamental groups of graphs of groups. The first paper in this direction was written by Stallings himself, with several subsequent generalizations of Stallings' folding methods in the Bass-Serre theory context by other mathematicians.
Stallings' 1991 paper ""Non-positively curved triangles of groups"" introduced and studied the notion of a triangle of groups. This notion was the starting point for the theory of complexes of groups (a higher-dimensional analog of Bass-Serre theory), developed by Haefliger and others. Stallings' work pointed out the importance of imposing some sort of "non-positive curvature" conditions on the complexes of groups in order for the theory to work well; such restrictions are not necessary in the one-dimensional case of Bass-Serre theory.
Among Stallings' contributions to 3-manifold topology, the most well-known is the "Stallings fibration theorem". The theorem states that if "M" is a compact irreducible 3-manifold whose fundamental group contains a normal subgroup, such that this subgroup is finitely generated and such that the quotient group by this subgroup is infinite cyclic, then "M" fibers over a circle. This is an important structural result in the theory of Haken manifolds that engendered many alternative proofs, generalizations and applications (e.g. ), including a higher-dimensional analog.
A 1965 paper of Stallings ""How not to prove the Poincaré conjecture"" gave a group-theoretic reformulation of the famous Poincaré conjecture. The paper began with a humorous admission: "I have committed the sin of falsely proving Poincare's Conjecture. But that was in another country; and besides, until now, no one has known about it." Despite its ironic title, Stallings' paper informed much of the subsequent research on exploring the algebraic aspects of the Poincaré Conjecture (see, for example,).

</doc>
<doc id="18729812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729812" title="Shin-Fukushima Station">
Shin-Fukushima Station


</doc>
<doc id="18729832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729832" title="Ebie Station">
Ebie Station


</doc>
<doc id="18729850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729850" title="Mitejima Station">
Mitejima Station


</doc>
<doc id="18729873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729873" title="Elisha John Durbin">
Elisha John Durbin

Elisha John Durbin (February 1, 1800 in Madison County, Kentucky – 1887 at Shelbyville, Kentucky) was an American Roman Catholic priest, known as the "patriarch-priest of Kentucky".
Life.
His parents were John D. Durbin, son of Christopher Durbin, pioneer, and Patience Logsdon. In 1816 he was sent to the preparatory seminary of St. Thomas, in Nelson County, where he spent about four years of manual labour and study under missionaries including John Baptist Mary David, Benedict Joseph Flaget, Felix de Andreis, and Joseph Rosati. From there he went to the nearby Seminary of St. Joseph, at Bardstown, where, in 1821-1822, he had as an instructor Francis Patrick Kenrick.
He was ordained priest in Bardstown, by coadjutor Bishop David, 21 September 1822. Early in 1824 Flaget, Bishop of Bardstown, entrusted to him the pastoral care of western and southwestern Kentucky, about thirty counties, with an area of over , nearly one-third of the State. Then began a missionary career of over sixty years, as the "Apostle of Western Kentucky". Union County, Kentucky was the centre of his mission. From it he journeyed on horseback over his vast territory, erected churches, established stations, formed congregations, and visited isolated families. 
In the beginning duty called him beyond his mission proper into Indiana, and once a year to Nashville, Tennessee. He traversed a sparsely settled mission incessantly. Occasionally a cogent communication from him would appear in the press.
In old age, his sturdy constitution gave way in 1884. His bishop, yielding to his entreaties, assigned him the small mission at Princeton, Kentucky. After a stroke of paralysis he was given, in 1885, the chaplaincy of an academy, at Shelbyville, Kentucky, where he died.

</doc>
<doc id="18729879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729879" title="Kashima Station (Osaka)">
Kashima Station (Osaka)


</doc>
<doc id="18729904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729904" title="Babiana stricta">
Babiana stricta

Babiana stricta (baboon flower, blue freesia) is a species of flowering plant in the family Iridaceae, native to Cape Province, South Africa. Growing tall by broad, it is a cormous perennial with hairy leaves long. The leaves show linear venation.
There are many hybrids and cultivars with different colored flowers, usually blue or pink with white additions. In mid- to late spring, each flowering stem produces six or more blooms, each to across. They are grouped in an inflorescence and often have a pleasant lemon scent. The seeds are black with a hard coat, collected in round seed capsules. 
The specific epithet "stricta" means "erect, upright".
Cultivation.
"B. stricta" is tender (USDA Zones 8-10) and in temperate zones is planted in containers and stored in winter at .
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="18729912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729912" title="Tills">
Tills

Tills may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18729933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729933" title="Campco">
Campco

The Central Arecanut and Cocoa Marketing and Processing Co-operative Limited or CAMPCO was found on 11 July 1973 at Mangalore. The organisation working on principles of co-operative was found to mitigate the sufferings of arecanut and cocoa growers in Indian states of Karnataka and Kerala. The CAMPCO has now extended its services to other states of India like Assam and Goa also. The CAMPCO has now become multi state co-operative under relevant Indian laws. The organisation is mainly into procurement, marketing, selling and processing of arecanut and cocoa. The company also provides guidance for farmers for growing arecanut and cocoa.The company plans to enter into natural rubber business also.
The company has set up a chocolate manufacturing plant in 1986 at Puttur of Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka. The plant produces chocolates and other products of cocoa both under its own brand and also for Nestle. The company plans to increase production of choco chips by setting up of new plant.
History.
Arecanut is an important commercial crop in India and finds a place in all religious, social and cultural functions in India. Cultivation of Arecanut is mostly confined to States of Karnataka, Kerala and Assam,but the consumption is spread all over the country. India is considered as the largest Arecanut producing country in the world. 
The total acreage under cultivation is 264000 hectares and the annual production estimated at 313000 metric tones,with Karnataka and Kerala accounting for nearly 72 percent of total production. Over six million people are engaged in arecanut cultivation, processing and trade.More than 85 percent of the area under cultivation is made up of small and marginal holdings.
A sudden marketing crisis in the year 1970-71, when prices registered a marked fall which caused considerable concern to the growers, was the genesis for the setting up of this Co-operative Venture (what popularly is called The CAMPCO). Growers had been thrown into panic with the prices coming down by half of what was prevailing till 1970-71 season.
Various measures were thought of for organized marketing management and leaders among growers sat together to find a way out. State Government of Karnataka, on the advice of an Expert Committee, recommended organizing a Central Agency in the Public or Co-operative sector. With the blessings and active support extended by the State Governments of Karnataka and Kerala, the CAMPCO was registered on 11 July 1973 under sec.7 of the Karnataka Co-operative Societies Act read with sec.4(2)of the Multi State Co-operative Societies Act 1984. Through perseverant efforts of far sighted, dedicated and resourceful leaders,with the cooperation and assistance of equally dedicated growers under the guidance of the State Governments of Karnataka and Kerala, this institution took giant strides forward and has turned into a tower of strength to the areca growing community in the country.
The CAMPCO has been functioning effectively with the main objectives of
The area of operation of this cooperative for procurement and processing of Arecanut and Cocoa extends to the States of Karnataka and Kerala,but for the marketing activity, the area has been extended to the whole country. Arecanut purchase operations were extended to Assam,Andaman and Goa but in recent years purchase operations in Assam had to be closed due to disturbances.
Starting with its Head office at Mangalore in coastal Karnataka, the CAMPCO began with a handful of procurement centers in Karnataka and Kerala. The Campco adopted a safe policy for purchasing and marketing the commodity and maintaining standards in quality assiduously with the dedicated cooperation of a network of diligent officers and workers. The society achieved success by leaps and bounds,stood the brunt of changing trends,market recessions and upheavals,glut in the market and even national calamities in the marketing field for more than two and half decades. Confidence has gained among the growers for areca cultivation as an economically viable and comfortable proposition.
The co-operative encouraged growers to take-up cocoa cultivation as an inter crop in the latter half of the 1970s as a supplemental crop. This grew up to become a large scale operation with good results. A sudden withdrawal by the buyers of cocoa from the procurement operations due to crash in the international market came as a shock to cultivators. Karnataka and Kerala governments enthused at this stage the CAMPCO to enter on the scene to rescue the farmers from distress. CAMPCO willingly took up the responsibility to enter the cocoa market and performed a savior's role. As a strategy for survival in the international scene CAMPCO played a major role in establishing a name for Indian cocoa, which hitherto had not been achieved. It procured cocoa pods from growers and adopting scientific processing methods to market standards, released dry cocoa beans matching in quality in the world market to that of Ghana, Brazil and other leading cocoa cultivating nations. With a view to creating a permanent demand and a steady market for the beans, Campco established a chocolate manufacturing factory at Kemminje village in Puttur Taluk in Dakshina Kannada district adopting foreign technical collaboration in chocolate making. The factory was set up in 1986 at an initial investment of Indian rupee 116.7 million and a licensing capacity to produce 8800 metric tones. The factory also entered into technical cooperation venture with Nestle (India) Ltd, for diversifying product brands. It has been producing a variety of products - semi finished items like cocoa mass, cocoa butter, cocoa powder and finished products in moulded line, count line and chocolate drink etc. CAMPCO chocolate has gained extensive market popularity in India.
Organisation and management.
The management of CAMPCO vests in the board of directors consisting of 17 directors. These directors are elected or nominated as per the provisions of by-laws.
The day to day activities are conducted by the managing director. The executive committee and the business committee devote more time to scrutinise and decide about the financial and business transactions of the Institution.

</doc>
<doc id="18729956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729956" title="Liasis mackloti">
Liasis mackloti

Liasis mackloti is a non-venomous python species found in Indonesia. Two subspecies are currently recognized, including the nominate subspecies described here.
Description.
Macklot's Pythons have a reputation for being irritable snakes. Adults may grow to 7 feet (213 cm) in length, or longer. The coloration consists of a blackish-brown to green ground color, with yellow ochre sides and a white belly, patterned with scattered small yellow spots, or black speckles, while the labial scales are lightly colored. They breed easily in captivity. 
Geographic range.
Found in Indonesia in the Lesser Sunda Islands of Savu, Roti, Samao, Timor and Wetar. The type locality given is "les îles de Timor et de Samao." Brongersma (1968) restricted the type locality to "Timor" by lectotype designation.

</doc>
<doc id="18729970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729970" title="Correlation swap">
Correlation swap

A correlation swap is an over-the-counter financial derivative that allows one to speculate on or hedge risks associated with the observed average correlation, of a collection of underlying products, where each product has periodically observable prices, as with a commodity, exchange rate, interest rate, or stock index.
Payoff Definition.
The fixed leg of a correlation swap pays the notional formula_1 times the agreed strike formula_2, while the floating leg pays the realized correlation formula_3. The contract value at expiration from the pay-fixed perspective is therefore 
Given a set of nonnegative weights formula_5 on formula_6 securities, the realized correlation is defined as the weighted average of all pairwise correlation coefficients formula_7:
Typically formula_7 would be calculated as the Pearson correlation coefficient between the daily log-returns of assets "i" and "j", possibly under zero-mean assumption.
Most correlation swaps trade using equal weights, in which case the realized correlation formula simplifies to:
Pricing and valuation.
No industry-standard models yet exist that have stochastic correlation and are arbitrage-free.

</doc>
<doc id="18729974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729974" title="Ajikawaguchi Station">
Ajikawaguchi Station

Layout.
The station has an island platform serving 2 tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18729980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729980" title="Srivaishnava">
Srivaishnava

Sri Vaishnava is a universal term among Hindus for worshippers of Vishnu. They are not limited to any part of India. Over its long history, Sri Vaishnavism has influenced nearly every aspect of Indian religious life.
Overview.
Sri Vaishnava culture dates back to the 10th century when this system was pioneered by the first Sri Vaishnava Acharya in the lineage, Sri Nathamuni. Further this system was expounded by the lineage of acharyas in the expounding of SriVaishnavism and got popularity in a community of the followers of the system, the present day Iyengars. To this day, they mainly hold the system of Srivaishnavism. Sri Vaishnavism was mainly expounded by the great philosopher, Sri Ramanuja. To this day, it is called SriSampradaya and Iyengars mainly follow it. Sri Sampradaya or Sri Vaishnavism is a Vaishnava sect within Hinduism. While its origin is lost in antiquity, its codification is generally traced back to around the 10th century when a collection of the devotional hymns and songs by Alvars was organised by Sri Nathamuni, who is considered to be one of the pioneers of the sect.
Introduction to the SriVaishnava philosophy.
The philosophy of Sri Vaishnavism is known in Sanskrit as Visistadvaita. The term literally means ``non-duality of Reality as characterised by attributes." As a classical expression of Vedanta (the philosophical basis for much of Hinduism), the goal of Visistadvaita philosophy is to understand and experience Brahman, the One Blissful Reality who is the all-pervasive ground and sustenance of the universe – the string upon whom all pearls are threaded. The ``pearls", individual beings and matter, are inseparable attributes of the Supreme Person, modes of Its existence.
To the devout Sri Vaishnava, the religious concept of Brahman is best expressed by the term ``God". Brahman is Infinite, not just in physical terms, but in metaphysical and qualitative terms. Brahman is the absolutely real abode of all consciousness. He is infinitely auspicious, infinitely blissful, supremely gracious, infinitely merciful, infinitely beautiful – in fact, infinitely infinite. The relationship between God and the universe is one of love, as all this is but a conscious emanation from Him. We are to Him as a child is to a parent, as a friend is to a friend, and as a beloved is to a lover.
Brahman also stands in relation to the universe and the individual souls as the Self of each, providing the basis for their reality. As such, Brahman has matter and individual souls as His body, and is therefore the Supreme Being in whom all reality is comprehended. All that we see is but a spilling from the plenitude of His glorious, all-pervasive essence. This is why the favourite devotional name for God among Sri Vaishnavas is Narayana – He in whom all beings rest.
Establishing dates.
Sri Vaishnavism was expounded in the later Bhakti period.Before that,the twelve Alvars were mainly the pioneers of this system.
Srivaishnava Brahmin (Iyengar) subsects.
Among the Iyengar Brahmins following Sri Vaishnavism, there are two sects, namely Vadakalai and Tenkalai. It is widely believed that the two sects are distinctly different in origin. But some believe the two subsects to have originated in the 14th century AD following a split in the Iyengar community.

</doc>
<doc id="18729996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729996" title="Förbifart Stockholm">
Förbifart Stockholm

Förbifart Stockholm ("Stockholm Bypass") is a planned express highway between the E 4/E 20 at Kungens Kurva in the south of Stockholm and the E 4 at Häggvik north of Stockholm. Most of this bypass, more than 17 out of 21 kilometers, is planned to pass through underground tunnels. The Swedish government decided on September 3, 2009 to permit the construction of Förbifart Stockholm according to the proposal by the Swedish Road Administration ().
The bypass will become the world's longest tunnel in the proximity of a city. 140,000 vehicles per day are expected to use the bypass, up to 65 meters below the land surface and the lake Mälaren. The projected cost for the project is estimated to 27.6 billion (short scale) SEK (2009 value). Construction will begin at the end of 2013 and is expected to take eight years to complete.
History.
The highway in the planning stage since 1966, when a regional planning sketch titled "Greater Stockholm Physical Structure 2000" () proposed three concentric circular arcs surround Stockholm to the west. The innermost arc was Brommagrenen, whose on-ramps were put in place already when Essingeleden was under construction. The next bypass to the west was a connection between Essingeleden at Brännkyrka over Ålsten past Bromma airport and northwards, an extent that is reminiscent of Diagonal Ulvsunda. The third, outermost bypass had an extent mostly coinciding with the currently planned Förbifart Stockholm and was called "Kungshattsleden". In the Dennispaketet it had the name "Västerleden". In 2001, an alternative consisting of a tunnel under Ekerö was included in the plans.
The road capacity over the relatively narrow passage between Saltsjön in the east and lake Mälaren in the west (where Stockholm is located) has not been expanded since Essingeleden opened in 1967. Essingeleden was designed with a capacity of 80,000 vehicles per day; today, the load is twice that on a normal weekday. This makes Essingeleden sensitive to traffic disturbances, with consequent road congestion. The heavy vehicular load also causes severe wear and tear on the road surface, with large needs for reparation as a result.
To solve the problem the Road Authority presented in its investigation "North-South connections in the Stockholm area 2005" ("Nord-sydliga förbindelser i Stockholmsområdet år 2005") three alternatives: Förbifart Stockholm, Diagonal Ulvsunda, and a combined alternative; the Road authority recommended the first alternative.
The Centre Party, Liberal People's Party, Christian Democrats, Moderate Party, and Social Democratic Party were in 2010 supportive of the road project, while the Green Party and Left Party were opposed to it.
Arguments supporting the construction of the bypass are the creation of improved road access, reduction of inefficient travelling time, and reduction the load on central parts of Stockholm due to transit traffic. Arguments against construction cite increased carbon dioxide emissions, the high cost, environmental impact along the construction route, and that traffic problems are not being addressed in a long-term perspective because travellers in the Stockholm region are enticed to continue using private transportation rather than public transportation, and because a high percentage of the present-day traffic on the frequently congested Essingeleden is local traffic to or from central Stockholm, rather than transit traffic.
The extension.
The current plan is presented on website of the Swedish Transport Administration ("Trafikverket"), in section Railway and Road → Road Construction Projects → E4 The Stockholm bypass. The highway extension will consist of the following sections:
The South Part.
The south part would start from the E4 highway at Kungens Kurva and go underground until the island of Lovön.
Lovön.
The highway would change from underground to above ground on the north part of Lovön and pass over a bridge to the mainland east of Hässelby Strand.
Grimsta Nature Reserve.
The tunnel proceeds under the Grimsta Nature Reserve.
Regional Road 275.
The highway would continue underground directly west of Regional Road 275, ending at Akalla. 
The North Part.
The last part of the highway from Akalla to the E4 south of Häggvik would be above ground.
Completion.
According to The Local, the project was approved by the Swedish government in September 2009 and construction is expected to start in 2010 and take 8 years to complete. The cost is estimated at 27 billion Swedish kronor ()
Criticism.
Uppdrag Granskning. Swedish Television.
According to an episode of the documentary program series "Uppdrag Granskning", titled "The most expensive Swedish expressway" ("Sveriges dyraste motorväg"), the project will not solve the congestion problem, but instead result in a substantial increase in the use of cars and trucks as means of transportation.

</doc>
<doc id="18730007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730007" title="D. W. Griffith House">
D. W. Griffith House

The D. W. Griffith House is a historic building in La Grange, Kentucky in the United States. It was owned by movie director D. W. Griffith, who rose to fame with his movies "Birth of a Nation" and "Intolerance".
The house was originally constructed in 1905 as a home for a Charles and Sue Smith, but it later became a funeral home. Griffith bought it as a residence for his mother Mary in 1913, who lived there until her death a year later. Afterward, Griffith's sister Ruth lived there until she died in 1934; then Griffith's brother and his family lived in the house. After D. W. Griffith married his second wife, they moved to the home in 1936, staying there until 1939 when Griffith went to California to work on a film. Griffith sold the house in 1940, but his niece lived there until 1950, when it was sold once again to be made into apartments. Griffith never returned to the area, not even to receive the honorary doctorate in literature the University of Louisville gave him in 1945. New owners in 1974 returned the house to a more home-like use.
Griffith had always considered La Grange his hometown, having spent his boyhood at a nearby farm until his mother had to sell it for debts left after his father died, and even signed in hotel registers as being from the town, no matter where he was actually living at the time. When Griffith died, as according to his will, his remains were returned to Oldham County and buried eight miles (13 km) south of La Grange in Mount Tabor Cemetery, Centerfield, Kentucky, where his family had a plot.
The house today remains privately owned, but is considered a historic attraction. The current owners have lived there since 1983. Several items related to Griffith furnish the house. At the end of the sidewalk by the house one can still see the signature Griffith made in the cement.

</doc>
<doc id="18730015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730015" title="Sandon Hall">
Sandon Hall

Sandon Hall is a 19th-century country mansion, the seat of the Earl of Harrowby, at Sandon, Staffordshire, northeast of Stafford. It is a Grade II* listed building set in of parkland.
The Manor of Sandon came to Thomas Erdeswicke by marriage in about 1339 and was held by that family until the death of Sampson Erdeswicke in 1603. Thereafter it passed by marriage until it came to William Hamilton, 2nd Duke of Hamilton in the 17th century. The old manor house was replaced by a new house built in 1769 for Archibald Hamilton by Joseph Pickford of Derby.
The estate was purchased by Nathaniel Ryder, 1st Baron Harrowby in 1776 who retained architect Samuel Wyatt to carry out extensive extensions and improvements. The house was severely damaged by fire in 1848 and was rebuilt in 1852 by Dudley Ryder, 2nd Earl of Harrowby to a neo Jacobean design by architect William Burn.
In the park stands a Doric column erected in memory of William Pitt the Younger in 1806.
The house is not generally open to the public but since 1994 the family have made it available for weddings and corporate hospitality events. Visits by parties are possible by prior arrangement.

</doc>
<doc id="18730016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730016" title="Meganola albula">
Meganola albula

The Kent Black Arches "(Meganola albula)" is a moth of the family Nolidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone (Europe, Asia Minor, Iran, Caucasus, Russian Far East, Japan).
The wingspan is 18–24 mm. The length of the forewings is 10–11 mm. The moth flies in one generation from mid June to August .
The larvae feed on "Rubus", "Fragaria vesca" and "Vaccinium" species.
Since the 19th century, it has spread North being first recorded in England in 1859, Denmark 1938, Schleswig-Holstein 1945 and Gotland 1949

</doc>
<doc id="18730043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730043" title="Sakurajima Station">
Sakurajima Station

Layout.
The station has an islsnd platform serving 2 tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18730060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730060" title="Sedma">
Sedma

Sedma, Zsírozás or Şeptică is a Central European 4-card trick-and-draw game played by 4 four players in fixed partnerships with a 32-card piquet deck. Card suits do not play a role in this game, and there is no ranking order. A trick is won by the last player to play a card of the same rank as the card led. Hola is a similar, slightly earlier game.
The games have been described as highly unusual members of the Ace–Ten family, immediately related only to the Finnish card game known as Ristikontra or Ristiklappi.
Basic four-player rules.
The game is played by four players in fixed partnerships, sitting crosswise. Normally a German-suited piquet deck is used, but as in Skat and other games played with this pack it can be replaced by a French-suited piquet deck consisting of the 32 cards of the ranks ace, king, queen, jack, ten and 7–9. The suits are irrelevant for this game, and the ranks are not ordered in a hierarchy. Aces and tens have card-point values of 10 points each, while all other cards have no card-point value. This schedule appears to be a simplification of the usual schedule in Ace–Ten card games used by Ristikontra. Together with the 10 points awarded for winning the last trick, there are 90 points in a deal. The object is to win more than half of them, i.e. at least 50 points.
Every player is dealt 4 cards. The remaining cards form a stock from which the players fill up their hands while it lasts.
Eldest hand leads any card to the first trick. The remaining players are completely free in which card to play to the trick. The last player to play a card of the same rank as the card led wins the trick, is the first to replenish his or her cards from the stock, and leads to the next trick. The sevens function as jokers, i.e. they replace they assume the rank of the first card in the trick. However, if a seven is led to a trick, it just represents a seven.
Hola.
This game is very similar to Sedma, but like its more distant relative Ristikontra it is played with a full deck of 52 French-suited cards. In addition to the sevens the twos are also jokers. The multi-trick system is different. The player who led to a trick may always decide to "fight" by leading to a new trick while the old one is still in the middle of the table. In this case the trick is kept in abeyance. This can be repeated until the players have no cards left. The new trick is won by matching the newly led card, but the winner also collects all the previous tricks that were held in abeyance.
Each party simply scores the number of points they won, with a bonus of 80 points for "hola" ("naked") if a party won all tricks. If dealer's party scored the majority of points (50 or more), dealer deals again. Otherwise deal passes to the next player. The game is played for 200–500 points.
For this game also some variations have been described.
History.
"Hola" is Polish and Ukrainian for "naked". The game of this name is played among Ukrainian Canadians, but is believed to be of Polish origin. It has been estimated to date from around the middle of the 20th century, slightly earlier than Sedma.
"Sedma" and "Şeptică" are Czech and Romanian for "seven" and "little seven", respectively (referring to the wild cards), and "zsírozás" is Hungarian for "to fatten" (referring to the play of aces or tens into tricks). This game may have originated in Hungary or Poland and found its way to Czechoslovakia in the middle of the 20th century or it may have come from Russia It quickly became one of the most popular games in the country, together with the Crazy Eights variant Prší and a game called Žolík.

</doc>
<doc id="18730080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730080" title="Droop Hill">
Droop Hill

Droop Hill is a mountain landform in the Kincardine and Mearns region of Aberdeenshire, Scotland. The locale had been featured in a windfarm proposal submitted to the Aberdeenshire Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18730082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730082" title="Ellen Louise Demorest">
Ellen Louise Demorest

Ellen Louise Demorest ("née" Curtis) (1825–1898) was a US fashion arbiter. She was a successful milliner, widely credited for inventing mass-produced tissue-paper dressmaking patterns. With her husband, William Jennings Demorest, she established a company to sell the patterns, which were adaptations of the latest French fashions, and a magazine to promote them (1860). Her dressmaking patterns made French styles accessible to ordinary women, thus greatly influencing US fashion.
Paper patterns for dresses.
Before embarking into pattern making, Ellen Louise Demorest had been a prosperous hat manufacturer. But, when she saw her maid cutting out a dress from some wrapping paper, she was struck with the idea that she could copy fashionable garments on to paper for the home sewer.
Aided by her sister and husband, Ellen Demorest devised a mathematical system to print patterns in a variety of sizes. In 1860 Madame Demorest's Mirror of Fashions, a pattern catalog, was introduced and by 1865 Demorest was so successful that she had thirty distribution agencies across the nation with over 200 saleswomen. Her success in paper patterns spawned a mail order empire for women eager to acquire the latest fashions and accessories from New York.
In 1876, the year of their height in popularity, she and her husband's company distributed and sold over 3 million patterns.
An ardent abolitionist and women's rights advocate, Ellen Demorest employed both black and white women in her enterprises. Those who objected to her politics were asked to shop elsewhere.
Ironically, the Demorests failed to patent their paper pattern but another inventor, Ebenezer Butterick, did. Initially Butterick confined his patterns to men's and children's wear, but by 1867 he expanded to women's patterns as well. By 1874 his empire extended from Europe to North America with over 100 branch offices. It remains the center of the paper pattern industry today.
Family history.
Ellen Louise Demorest ("née" Curtis) was born November 18, 1825, at old Saratoga, otherwise known as Schuylerville, New York. She was the second of eight children (6 girls 2 boys) born to Henry D. Curtis and Electa Curtis, née Abel. She was known from girlhood as Nell.
One of her father's eighteen siblings — Charity — (1834–1919, married to Jeremiah Shonts) was the maternal grandmother of Charles B.J. Snyder, a renowned American architect who served as Superintendent of School Buildings for the New York City Board of Education from 1891 to 1923.
Ellen became the second wife of William Jennings Demorest, a widower, and a stepmother to the two children born to his first marriage: (i) Vienna Willamina Demorest (1847–1913) — who married Dr. James M. Gano (1842–1895) and Henry Clay Demorest (1850–1928). Two more children were born to Ellen Louise Demorest and W. Jennings Demorest: (iii) William Curtis Demorest (1859–1933) and (iv) Evelyn Celeste Caradora Louise Demorest (1865–1960) — who married Alexander Garretson Rea (d. 1926) of Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="18730088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730088" title="Republican Brotherhood">
Republican Brotherhood

Republican Brotherhood () was a small, but influential religious political party in Sudan. The party was founded in the 1950s, by sufi sheikh Mahmoud Mohamed Taha. The party came into the limelight in 1983, as Taha opposed the implementations of sharia laws by Gaafar Nimeiry. Taha was arrested and executed in 1985. The party continued to exist for a few years, being disbanded sometime after 1989.
History.
The Republican Brotherhood emerged as an outgrowth of the Republican Party with a mission of Muslim religious reform from within an Islamic context. The New Islamic Mission was founded in 1945 to spread the teachings of Mahmud Muhammad Taha. The Brotherhood however refrained from participation in elections, having inherited the Republican Party's historically disdain for the political process. In spite of this the Brotherhood's influence in Sudanese politics grew up until the execution of Taha in 1985, with the party having particularly swelled in the years leading up to 1985, largely due to an influx of students, women, and Muslim intellectuals.
Taha and the Republican Brotherhoods often disagreed with Nimeiri's government over the role of Islamic law and freedom of speech issues. As a result of which Taha spent brief periods in jail during the 1960s and 1970s, whilst the membership of the Republican Brotherhood grew to approximately 1,000 active men and women by 1980. In spite of Brotherhood's traditional aversion to involvement in politics the Brothers launched a major speaking and writing campaign in 1983 against Nimeiri's impositions of the September Laws, which had instituted a strict form of Sharia law in Sudan. The Brotherhood's campaign resulted in the arrest of more than 70 members of the organisation, including 4 Republican Sisters and Taha himself. No charges were brought against the group until the Brotherhood issued a final pamphlet at the end of 1984 demanding that Islamic law be dropped as the only state law in force. Taha was charged with apostasy, convicted, sentenced to death, and then executed on 18 January 1985. Along with Taha's execution, the Republican Brotherhood movement was disbanded. Many of its members still live in exile in Great Britian and the United States.
Ideology.
The Republican Brotherhood was based on a religious ideology advocating for a revised interpretation of the Qur'an, in line with Qu'rans Medinan texts, which the Brotherhood argued repealed the earlier Meccan texts. Taha has written in "The Second Message of Islam" that Islam was an evolving religion, which should be evolved from the earlier more fundamental Meccan texts to the later more concerete and practical Medinan texts in order to construct a society based on equality and social justice.
The Republican Brotherhood particularly focused on issues relating to the lack of human rights and equality in the treatment of women and non-Muslims in modern Islamic societies. A pragmatic rendering of the program of the Republican Brotherhood would involve the specific revision of the Shari'a law regarding marriage and divorce whereby the right to contract the marriage and the right to terminate it is vested equally with the woman as well as the man, as individuals. Polygamy would be prohibited. The Republican Brotherhood advocated for a revised constitution, based on true principles of Muslim equity and justice, which would protect religious freedom and ensure equality of treatment and standing under the law between non-Muslims and Muslims.

</doc>
<doc id="18730100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730100" title="Order of Saint Elizabeth">
Order of Saint Elizabeth

The Order of Saint Elizabeth was an all-female chivalric and charitable order in the Kingdom of Bavaria. The following excerpt is from "The Orders of Knighthood, British and Foreign" (1884):
The first Consort of the Elector Charles Theodore of the Palatinate, Elizabeth Augusta, daughter of the Palatine Joseph Charles Emanuel of Schultzbach, founded this Order for ladies in honor of her sainted patroness and namesake on the 18th October 1766, as a purely charitable institution for the poor. It was confirmed on the 31st of January 1767, by Pope Clement XII, and endowed with various indulgencies. The Catholic religion and the Seize Quartiers – the proof of noble descent running through sixteen generations of their own or their husband’s ancestors – are indispensable conditions for candidates. The Grand Mistress is, however, empowered to nominate and unlimited number of ladies, from Princely Houses and her own Court, as also six other married or widowed ladies of noble, but not ancient descent. The nomination takes place either on Easter or on Saint Elizabeth’s Day (19th November). The entrance fee is four ducats. The badge is a white enameled cross, representing on one side Saint Elizabeth dispensing charity to the poor, and on the other, the initials of the founder. It is worn on the left breast by a blue ribbon with a red border. No Member can appear in public without it, except by fine of one ducat. The King appoints the Grand Mistress.

</doc>
<doc id="18730106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730106" title="Idaea fuscovenosa">
Idaea fuscovenosa

The Dwarf Cream Wave "(Idaea fuscovenosa)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Europe and the Near East.
The species has a wingspan of 19–22 mm. The length of the forewings is 9–11 mm. The adults fly in one generation from June to August .
The larvae feed on various types of moss, but also fallen leafs.

</doc>
<doc id="18730123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730123" title="Takahiro Shoda">
Takahiro Shoda

References.
Baseball Reference

</doc>
<doc id="18730125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730125" title="Shadmot Mehola">
Shadmot Mehola

Shadmot Mehola (, "lit." Mehola Fields) is a national-religious moshav shitufi and Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located in the Beit She'an Valley, it falls under the jurisdiction of Bik'at HaYarden Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 536. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
The village was established as a Nahal settlement named Shelah in 1979, and was converted to a civilian settlement by residents of Mehola in 1984. As Mehola itself it was named after the biblical city of Abel-mechola (1 Kings 19:16), which was located in the area.
According to the mayor, Arif Daraghmeh, of the nearby Palestinian village of Maleh, they are disallowed to build permanent structures despite living there for generations, receive demolition orders that compel them to live in tents or mudbrick housing, without permission to link up to the water grid, while Shadmot Mehola settlers dwell in a fenced community, with two-story homes, street lamps and playgrounds. 

</doc>
<doc id="18730128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730128" title="Doxofylline">
Doxofylline

Doxofylline (INN), (also known as doxophylline) is a xanthine derivative drug used in the treatment of asthma.
It has antitussive and bronchodilator effects, and acts as a phosphodiesterase inhibitor.
In animal and human studies, it has shown similar efficacy to theophylline but with significantly fewer side effects.
Unlike other xanthines, doxofylline lacks any significant affinity for adenosine receptors and does not produce stimulant effects. This suggests that its antiasthmatic effects are mediated by another mechanism, perhaps its actions on phosphodiesterase.

</doc>
<doc id="18730129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730129" title="Canon de 75 mle TR">
Canon de 75 mle TR

The Canon de 75 mle TR was a field gun used by Belgium during World War I and World War II. It was a license-built copy of the Krupp M 1905 gun. Production continued during World War I until the Germans overran the factory in 1914. After 1940, the Wehrmacht designated this as the 7.5 cm FK 235(b) and armed occupation forces in Belgium with them.

</doc>
<doc id="18730152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730152" title="Stormont (cricket ground)">
Stormont (cricket ground)

Stormont is a first-class cricket ground in Belfast, Northern Ireland. It is situated in the grounds of the Stormont Estate, the seat of government in Northern Ireland, and is the home of Civil Service North of Ireland Cricket Club.
It is one of three ODI grounds in Ireland (the others being the Clontarf and Malahide in Dublin). The ground was established in 1949 and saw its first ODI in June 2006: the inaugural ODI match for the Irish cricket team, against England. In 2007, a three-match ODI series between India and South Africa was played at this ground, and in 2008 it hosted the qualifying tournament for the ICC World Twenty20.

</doc>
<doc id="18730188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730188" title="Dairy mix">
Dairy mix

A dairy mix is the blend of milk, cream, sugar, stabilizers, and vanilla packaged by a dairy for commercial use. This mix can either be made directly into ice cream or placed into containers for the use in soft serve, frozen custard, or ice cream machines. Dairy mix used in restaurants can be also used to make frozen drinks or smoothies.
Producers of dairy mix range from large scale dairies, down to independent dairy companies looking to provide a niche product. The ease of purchasing these products from dairy companies have helped spread frozen custard to nearly all parts of the country. In the Midwest, frozen custard is a household name. Ted Drewes spread the popularity of frozen custard around from St. Louis to Kansas City and beyond. There are schools designed especially to teach pupils how to run their frozen dessert businesses.
Dairy mix is typically packaged in bags, jugs or half gallon cartons. Most dairies place these in milk crates or boxes, depending on where or how they ship their product. These products are pasteurized under State and Federal guidelines.

</doc>
<doc id="18730198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730198" title="Bena bicolorana">
Bena bicolorana

The Scarce Silver-lines "(Bena bicolorana)" is a moth of the family Nolidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 40–50 mm. The moth flies in one generation from mid June to August .
The larvae feed on oak.

</doc>
<doc id="18730207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730207" title="André Wilmart">
André Wilmart

Dom André Wilmart O.S.B. (1876 - Paris, April 21, 1941) was the Benedictine medieval scholar and liturgist of St Michael's Abbey, Farnborough.
He was a Corresponding Fellow of the Medieval Academy of America from 1928.
He is responsible for the name and the works of John of Fécamp being recovered.
His bibliography includes more than 375 books and articles.

</doc>
<doc id="18730211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730211" title="K. R. Parthasarathy (probabilist)">
K. R. Parthasarathy (probabilist)

Kalyanapuram Rangachari Parthasarathy is professor emeritus at the Indian Statistical Institute and a pioneer of quantum stochastic calculus.
Biography.
He was born in 1936 at Chennai. He studied at the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda College, where he completed the B.A. (Honours)
course in Mathematics, and moved to the Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata, where he completed his Ph.D., under the supervision of C. R. Rao in 1962. He was one of the "famous four" (the others were R. Ranga Rao, Veeravalli S. Varadarajan, and S. R. Srinivasa Varadhan ) in ISI during 1956-1963. He was awarded the first Ph.D. degree of ISI. He won the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology in Mathematical Science in 1977.
Research.
He worked at the Steklov Mathematical Institute, USSR Academy of Sciences (1962–63), as Lecturer where he collaborated with Andrey Kolmogorov. Later he came in United Kingdom as Professor of Statistics in University of Sheffield (1964–68), University of Manchester (1968-70) and later at University of Nottingham where he collaborated with Robin Lyth Hudson on their pioneering work in quantum stochastic calculus. Then he returned to India, and after a few years in Bombay University and the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi, he came back in 1976 to the new Indian Statistical Institute, Delhi Centre and he stayed there till he retired in 1996.
He is the namesake of Kostant–Parthasarathy–Ranga Rao–Varadarajan determinants along with Bertram Kostant, R. Ranga Rao and Veeravalli S. Varadarajan which they introduced in 1967.
Books authored.
Among the books he has authored are:

</doc>
<doc id="18730226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730226" title="The Vanity of Human Wishes">
The Vanity of Human Wishes

The Vanity of Human Wishes: The Tenth Satire of Juvenal Imitated is a poem by the English author Samuel Johnson. Written in 1749 (see 1749 in poetry), it was completed while Johnson was busy writing "A Dictionary of the English Language" and it was the first published work to include Johnson's name on the title page.
As the subtitle suggests, it is an imitation of by the Latin poet Juvenal. Unlike Juvenal, Johnson attempts to sympathise with his poetic subjects. Also, the poem focuses on human futility and humanity's quest after greatness like Juvenal but concludes that Christian values are important to living properly. It was Johnson's second imitation of Juvenal (the first being his 1738 poem "London"). Unlike "London", "The Vanity of Human Wishes" emphasises philosophy over politics. The poem was not a financial success, but later critics, including Walter Scott and T. S. Eliot, considered it to be Johnson's greatest poem. Howard D. Weinbrot called it one of the great poems in the English language."
Background.
In 1738 Johnson composed "London", his first imitation of Juvenal's poetry, because imitations were popularised by those like Pope during the 18th century. When Johnson replaced Edward Cave with Robert Dodsley as his publisher, he agreed with Dodsley that he would need to change the focus of his poetry. Johnson's "London" is concerned primarily with political issues, especially those surrounding the Walpole administration, but "The Vanity of Human Wishes" focuses on overarching philosophical concepts.
In a conversation with George Steevens, Johnson recounted that he wrote the first seventy lines "in the course of one morning, in that small house behind the church". Johnson claimed that "The whole number was composed before I committed a single couplet to writing". To accomplish this feat, Johnson relied on a "nearly oral form of composition" which was only possible "because of his extraordinary memory". Johnson told Boswell that when he was writing poetry, he often "from laziness" only wrote down the first half of each line. This remark is borne out by the manuscript of "The Vanity of Human Wishes", in which the first half of each line is written in a different ink to the second half; "evidently Johnson knew that the rime words would keep the second halves in mind." Although Johnson was busy after 1746 working on his "Dictionary", he found time to further work on "The Vanity of Human Wishes" and complete his play, "Irene".
The first edition was published on 9 January 1749. It was the first publication by Johnson to feature his name on the title page. It was not a financial success and only earned Johnson fifteen guineas. A revised version was published in the 1755 edition of Dodsley's anthology "A collection of Poems by Several Hands". A third version was published posthumously in the 1787 edition of his "Works", evidently working from a copy of the 1749 edition. However, no independent version of the poem was published during Johnson's life beyond the initial publication.
Poem.
"The Vanity of Human Wishes" is a poem of 368 lines, written in closed heroic couplets. Johnson loosely adapts Juvenal's original satire to demonstrate "the complete inability of the world and of worldly life to offer genuine or permanent satisfaction."
The opening lines announce the universal scope of the poem, as well as its central theme that "the antidote to vain human wishes is non-vain spiritual wishes":
Let Observation with extensive View,<br>Survey Mankind from "China" to "Peru";<br>Remark each anxious Toil, each eager Strife,<br>And watch the busy scenes of crouded Life;<br>Then say how Hope and Fear, Desire and Hate,<br>O'erspread with Snares the clouded Maze of Fate,<br>Where Wav'ring Man, betray'd by vent'rous Pride,<br>To tread the dreary Paths without a Guide;<br>As treach'rous Phantoms in the Mist delude,<br>Shuns fancied Ills, or chases airy Good.<br>(Lines 1–10)
Later, Johnson describes the life of a scholar:
Should Beauty blunt on fops her fatal dart,
Sources.
Johnson draws on personal experience as well as a variety of historical sources to illustrate "the helpless vulnerability of the individual before the social context" and the "inevitable self-deception by which human beings are led astray". Both themes are explored in one of the most famous passages in the poem, Johnson's outline of the career of Charles XII of Sweden. As Howard D. Weinbrot notes, "The passage skillfully includes many of Johnson's familiar themes – repulsion with slaughter that aggrandizes one man and kills and impoverishes thousands, understanding of the human need to glorify heroes, and subtle contrast with the classical parent-poem and its inadequate moral vision." Johnson depicts Charles as a "Soul of Fire", the "Unconquer'd Lord of Pleasure and of Pain", who refuses to accept that his pursuit of military conquest may end in disaster:
'Think Nothing gain'd, he cries, till nought remain,<br>On "Moscow"'s Walls till "Gothic" Standards fly,<br>And all be Mine beneath the Polar Sky.'<br>(Lines 202–204)
In a famous passage, Johnson reduces the king's glorious military career to a cautionary example in a poem:
His Fall was destin'd to a barren Strand,
In a passage dealing with the life of a writer, Johnson drew on his own personal experience. In the original manuscript of the poem, lines 159–160 read:
There mark what ill the Scholar's life assail<br>Toil Envy Want an the Garret and the Jayl 
The word "Garret" was retained in the first published edition of the poem. However, after the failure in 1755 of Lord Chesterfield to provide financial support for Johnson's "Dictionary", Johnson included a mordant definition of "patron" in the "Dictionary" (""Patron": Commonly a wretch who supports with insolence, and is paid with flattery") and revised line 160 to reflect his disillusionment:
There mark what Ills the Scholar's Life assail,<br>Toil, Envy, Want, the Patron, and the Jail. 
Imitation.
Howard D. Weinbrot notes that "The Vanity of Human Wishes" "follows the outline of Juvenal's tenth satire, embraces some of what Johnson thought of as its 'sublimity,' but also uses it as a touchstone rather than an argument on authority." In particular, Johnson and Juvenal differ on their treatment of their topics: both of them discuss conquering generals (Charles and Hannibal respectively), but Johnson's poem invokes pity for Charles, whereas Juvenal mocks Hannibal's death.
Using Juvenal as a model did cause some problems, especially when Johnson emphasised Christianity as "the only true and lasting source of hope". Juvenal's poem contains none of the faith in Christian redemption that informed Johnson's personal philosophy. In order not to violate his prototype, Johnson had to accommodate his views to the Roman model and focus on the human world, approaching religion "by a negative path" and ignoring the "positive motives of faith, such as the love of Christ".
Critical response.
Although Walter Scott and T. S. Eliot enjoyed Johnson's earlier poem "London", they both considered "The Vanity of Human Wishes" to be Johnson's greatest poem. Later critics followed the same trend: Howard D. Weinbrot says that ""London" is well worth reading, but "The Vanity of Human Wishes" is one of the great poems in the English language." Likewise, Robert Folkenflik says, ""London" is not Johnson's greatest poem, only because "The Vanity of Human Wishes" is better". Robert Demaria, Jr. declared the work as "Johnson's greatest poem". Samuel Beckett was a devoted admirer of Johnson and at one point filled three notebooks with material for a play about him, entitled "" after Johnson's poem.

</doc>
<doc id="18730236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730236" title="Robert Lathouwers">
Robert Lathouwers

Robert Lathouwers (born 8 July 1983 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch athlete who mainly focuses on the 400 and 800 metres.
Biography.
Lathouwers was born and raised in Rotterdam and has a sister who is two years older than he is named Maura. He started in athletics at the age of six, doing all different kinds of disciplines in the sport. He was a multi talented athlete and he won several heptathlon and decathlon meetings and was also invited to represent the Netherlands in international nation meetings. At the age of 17 he decided to fully concentrate himself at the sport and started training much more intensively. As the 400 metres was his best discipline in the decathlon he decided to focus on that and soon afterward he canceled his decathlon aspirations. 
After a period of quiet and effective training sessions he broke his personal record to 48.55 seconds, which was the 3rd time ever run by a B-junior in the Netherlands. In his first year as an A-junior he ran 47.14 seconds and he qualified himself for the 2001 European Junior Championships in Italy. The following year he suffered from several injuries, but still managed to break his personal record again to a time of 47.11 seconds. Due to this effort he qualified for the World Junior Championships in Jamaica where he finished in the 9th position. He represented the Netherlands also at the European Cup meeting in Sevilla where he participated in the 4 x 400 metres relay in which his team became third in a time of 3:06.23. 
On 15 February 2003 he won his first national senior title at the Dutch Indoor Championships. Later that year during the Golden Spike meeting in Leiden he ran 46.78 and qualified himself for the European under-23 Championships in Bydgoszcz. Together with his team mates Jordy Hindriks, Peter Wolters and Jelle Heisen he also qualified for the 4 x 400 metres relay, running 3:08.95. At the European Championships Hindriks was replaced by Youssef el Rhalfioui and together they ran to a fourth position in a new Dutch under-23 record of 3:06.61. In 2005 he won his second indoor 400 metres title and later during the year he won his first outdoor title. Alongside Daniël Ward, Daniël de Wild and Sjors Kampen he also won a bronze medal at the European Under-23 Championships in Erfurt.
Lathouwers had a disappointing year in 2006 as he suffered from injuries and was almost drowned during swimming at sea. In December 2006 he was asked by Haag Atletiek to substitute one of their runners at the 800 metres. Lathouwers was sceptical about the distance however, as he never ran races longer than 400 metres. He eventually gave it a try and he was the first to cross the finish line in 1:51.57. Lathouwers made a huge change in his career and decided to focus on the 800 metres from then on and during a training session in South Africa he ran the 800 metres in 1:47.81. In January 2008 he ran another race in South Africa in 1:46.70 and February during his first ever indoor 800 metres he ran 1:48.31, which was enough to qualify for the World Indoor Championships in Sevilla. A week later he became Dutch National Indoor Champion over 800 metres and during the outdoor season he also took this Dutch national title. At the World Championships he won his serie in the first round, which qualified him straight for the semi finals. In these semi finals he finished third behind Mbulaeni Mulaudzi and Abubaker Kaki Khamis and was eliminated. However, his time of 1:48.27 was another personal best. During the FBK Games in Hengelo he won the 800 metres impressively in 1:45.80, beating many World class runners, inclusive World Champion Alfred Yego. His next goal was to qualify for the 2008 Summer Olympics and on 13 July in Athens his 1:45.30 was only 0.05 short to break the Olympic limit. Then, on 29 July in Monaco, he secured his Olympic debut by running an impressive 1:44.75 during the Super Grand-Prix meeting there. He was disqualified from the 800m heats in the 2010 European Championships in Barcelona.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18730244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730244" title="Häggvik">
Häggvik

There are two places in Sweden with the name Häggvik:

</doc>
<doc id="18730246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730246" title="Kappa Alpha Lambda">
Kappa Alpha Lambda

The Sorority has formulated a 5-Facet Philanthropic Programming Platform, including Diversity Education and Civil Equality. It is the only LGBT Greek-letter organization to sign the Human Rights Campaign's Million For Marriage petition.
Sorority History.
KAL's Beginnings.
During her second year of attendance at Clark Atlanta University, the founder became interested in forming a Sisterhood for lesbians. Inspired by various special-interest fraternal organizations, she set out to design an organization for LBT women.
On the evening of October 19, 2003, the founder drafted the basis of Kappa Alpha Lambda Sorority. The purpose of the organization, as stated in the inaugural Constitution and Bylaws, would be to provide a place that nurtured the "personal and professional development of lesbian women of merit."
Early development of the Sorority included the adoption of its colors, mascot, and various other symbols. It was also decided, in December 2003, that Kappa would focus on the creation of partnerships with civic organizations targeting LGBT and women's health issues.
Philanthropy: 2003-2011.
Beginning with AIDSwalk Atlanta 2003, Sorority members committed to working with various organizations in an effort to improve the community. In Kappa Alpha Lambda's first five years, local colonies and chapters have continued to contribute funds and community service hours to AIDSwalk each year.
In early 2004, members recognized the impact of untreated health conditions on the lesbian population, and chose the Susan G. Komen Foundation (now Susan G. Komen for the Cure) and the Atlanta Lesbian Cancer Initiative as Sorority partners.
On October 19, 2004, Kappa Alpha Lambda launched its first Signature Program, the Winter Wonderland Project. Designed to provide gifts for children under the care of child-focused charities and advocacy groups, Winter Wonderland is the Sorority's longest running privately instituted philanthropy.
By the second quarter of 2005, ΚΆΛ members had approved the development of a Sorority Programming Platform. Named the Five Facets, the initiative would become the foundation of Kappa Alpha Lambda's future civic endeavors. All Sorority colonies and chapters use the Facets as a guideline for the development of community service programming.
The Five Facet Philanthropic Programming Platform
The Sorority's interest in combating human rights violations on the international stage continued to grow, and The Polaris Project became a partner in April 2005. By July of the same year, the Sorority's National President released a letter requesting the help of all LGBT sororities and fraternities in the effort to stop genocide in Darfur, Sudan. To date, Kappa Alpha Lambda still offers philanthropic programs aimed at increasing awareness and providing financial support to the region.
In September 2005, Kappa Alpha Lambda became the only LGBT fraternal organization to sign the Human Rights Campaign's Million for Marriage Petition.
Expansion: The 1st Five Years.
Though the Sorority was founded in Atlanta, GA, its home chapter would not be officially chartered until May 21, 2004.
During the first two years of Kappa Alpha Lambda's existence, no effort was made to extend membership beyond the local area. Sorority members agreed that emphasis should be placed on internal development before seeking to expand. In June 2005, membership inquiries began arriving from New York, Florida, and other areas. On October 31, 2005, Kappa Alpha Lambda held its first National initiation, and established New York City Professional Colony and chartered March 1, 2009. The Los Angeles Professional Colony was established the following summer and was also charted March 1, 2009.
Membership Intake.
Since its beginnings, the Sorority has held membership intake as a private, invitation-only process. In order to be considered for an invitation, a candidate must identify as a lesbian, have reached the age of majority, and have a consistent record of service to the community.
Prospective members contact the nearest local colony or chapter and express their interest in receiving an invitation. The local members then interact with the prospective member, learning her interests, personality, and commitment to the philanthropic programs of the Sorority. Women located in an area where ΚΆΛ is not represented can submit a Request for Information through the Sorority's National website.
If the prospective member is deemed a good candidate for Membership, she is approved by the members and given an invitation. After this, the membership education process begins.
Membership Classifications.
At the time of initiation, new Members are classified as Collegiate or Professional. Collegiate members are currently matriculating students at a two or four year college or university and maintain the required cumulative GPA for membership. Professional members are women who have obtained a post-secondary degree or have comparable professional experience.
The distinction of honorary membership is conveyed to women who have provided extraordinary service to the LGBT community, and who have made a consistent effort to contribute positively to lesbian and mainstream life.
Organization.
Geographic Structure.
Kappa Alpha Lambda Sorority Incorporated is structured into six provinces, each of which serves a specific geographic area. As each geographic area is occupied, a staff is appointed to act as liaison between local entities and the National organization.

</doc>
<doc id="18730251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730251" title="Canon de 75 mle GP1">
Canon de 75 mle GP1

The Canon de 75 mle GP1 was a field gun used by Belgium during World War II. Cockerill mounted lengthened Canon de 75 mle TR barrels on ex-German 10.5 cm leFH 16 howitzer carriages received as reparations after World War I. After 1940, the Wehrmacht designated captured guns as the 7.5 cm FK 233(b) and used them to equip occupation units in Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="18730252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730252" title="Koparit">
Koparit

Koparit (originally Kuopion Pallotoverit, or KPT for short) was a football club from Kuopio, Finland. It was founded in 1931 and disbanded in 1990. The club played a total of 21 seasons in the Finnish premier division Mestaruussarja between 1938 and 1987, reaching the runners-up position twice, in the 1978 and 1981 seasons. It participated in the UEFA Cup in the 1979-80 and 1982-83 seasons but were knocked out in the first round on both attempts.

</doc>
<doc id="18730256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730256" title="Proton-transfer-reaction mass spectrometry">
Proton-transfer-reaction mass spectrometry

Proton-transfer-reaction mass spectrometry (PTR-MS) is a very sensitive technique for online monitoring of volatile organic compounds (VOCs) in ambient air developed by scientists at the Institut für Ionenphysik at the Leopold-Franzens University in Innsbruck, Austria. 
A PTR-MS instrument consists of an ion source that is directly connected to a drift tube (in contrast to SIFT-MS no mass filter is interconnected) and an analyzing system (quadrupole mass analyzer or time-of-flight mass spectrometer). Commercially available PTR-MS instruments have a response time of about 100 ms and reach a detection limit in the single digit pptv region. Established fields of application are environmental research, food and flavour science, biological research, medicine, etc.
Theory.
With H3O+ as the primary ion the proton transfer process is (with formula_1 being the trace component)
Reaction (1) is only possible if energetically allowed, i.e. if the proton affinity of formula_1 is higher than the proton affinity of H2O (691 kJ/mol). As most components of ambient air possess a lower proton affinity than H2O (e.g. N2, O2, Ar, CO2, etc.) the H3O+ ions only reacts with VOC trace components and the air itself acts as a buffer gas. Moreover due to the low number of trace components one can assume that the total number of H3O+ ions remains nearly unchanged, which leads to the equation
In equation (2) formula_5 is the density of product ions, formula_6 is the density of primary ions in absence of reactant molecules in the buffer gas, formula_7 is the reaction rate constant and formula_8 is the average time the ions need to pass the reaction region. With a PTR-MS instrument the number of product and of primary ions can be measured, the reaction rate constant can be found in literature for most substances and the reaction time can be derived from the set instrument parameters. Therefore the absolute concentration of trace constituents formula_9 can be easily calculated without the need of calibration or gas standards. Furthermore it gets obvious that the overall sensitivity of a PTR-MS instrument is mainly dependent on the primary / reagent ion yield. Fig. 1 gives an overview of several published (in peer-reviewed journals) reagent ion yields during the last decades and the corresponding sensitivities.
Technology.
In commercial PTR-MS instruments water vapour is ionized in a hollow cathode discharge:
After the discharge a short drift tube is used to form very pure (>99.5%) H3O+ via ion-molecule reactions:
Due to the high purity of the primary ions a mass filter between the ion source and the reaction drift tube is not necessary and the H3O+ ions can be injected directly. The absence of this mass filter in turn greatly reduces losses of primary ions and leads eventually to an outstandingly low detection limit of the whole instrument. 
In the reaction drift tube a vacuum pump is continuously drawing through air containing the VOCs one wants to analyze. At the end of the drift tube the protonated molecules are mass analyzed (Quadrupole mass analyzer or Time-of-flight mass spectrometer) and detected.
Applications.
The most common applications for the PTR-MS technique are (including some relevant publications):
Extensive reviews about PTR-MS and some of its applications were published in "Mass Spectrometry Reviews" by Joost de Gouw et al. (2007) and in "Chemical Reviews" by R.S. Blake et al. (2009). A special issue of the "Journal of Breath Research" dedicated to PTR-MS applications in medical research was published in 2009.
Examples.
Food Science.
Fig. 2 shows a typical PTR-MS measurement performed in food and flavor research. The test person swallows a sip of a vanillin flavored drink and breathes via his nose into a heated inlet device coupled to a PTR-MS instrument. Due to the high time resolution and sensitivity of the instrument used here, the development of vanillin in the person's breath can be monitored in real-time (please note that isoprene is shown in this figure because it is a product of human metabolism and therefore acts as an indicator for the breath cycles). The data can be used for food design, i.e. for adjusting the intensity and duration of vanillin flavor tasted by the consumer. 
Another example for the application of PTR-MS in food science was published in 2008 by C. Lindinger et al. in "Analytical Chemistry". This publication found great response even in non-scientific media. Lindinger et al. developed a method to convert "dry" data from a PTR-MS instrument that measured headspace air from different coffee samples into expressions of flavour (e.g. "woody", "winey", "flowery", etc.) and showed that the obtained flavor profiles matched nicely to the ones created by a panel of European coffee tasting experts.
Air quality analysis.
In Fig. 3 a mass spectrum of air inside a laboratory (obtained with a time-of-flight (TOF) based PTR-MS instrument), is shown. The peaks on masses 19, 37 and 55 m/z (and their isotopes) represent the reagent ions (H3O+) and their clusters. On 30 and 32 m/z NO+ and O2+, which are both impurities originating from the ion source, appear. All other peaks correspond to compounds present in typical laboratory air (e.g. high intensity of protonated acetone on 59 m/z). If one takes into account that virtually all peaks visible in Fig. 3 are in fact double, triple or multiple peaks (isobaric compounds) it becomes obivious that for PTR-MS instruments selectivity is at least as important as sensitivity, especially when complex samples / compositions are analyzed. Methods to handle this issue have been suggestested in literature as:

</doc>
<doc id="18730261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730261" title="Charles M. Carrillo">
Charles M. Carrillo

Charles M. Carrillo (born 1956, Albuquerque, New Mexico) is an American artist, author, and archeologist known particularly for creating art using Spanish colonial techniques that reflect 18th-century Spanish New Mexico. Carrillo's works have shown throughout the country and are a part of many permanent collections in museums in the United States including the Smithsonian American Art Museum, the Smithsonian Museum of American History in Washington, DC, the Museum of International Folk Art in Santa Fe, and the Denver Museum of Art among others. 
Carrillo is also the winner of numerous awards including the National Heritage Fellowship Award bestowed upon him by the National Endowment for the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="18730281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730281" title="Canon de 75 mle GP11">
Canon de 75 mle GP11

The Canon de 75 mle GP11 was a field gun used by Belgium during World War II. Cockerill mounted lengthened Canon de 75 mle TR barrels on ex-German 7.7 cm FK 16 gun carriages received as reparations after World War I. After 1940, the Wehrmacht designated captured guns as the 7.5 cm FK 234(b) and used them to equip occupation units in Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="18730324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730324" title="The Way of the World (book)">
The Way of the World (book)

The Way of the World: A Story of Truth and Hope in an Age of Extremism is a 2008 non-fiction book by Ron Suskind, a Pulitzer Prize-winning author, describing various actions and policies of the George W. Bush administration. Most notably, it alleges that the Bush administration ordered the forgery of the Habbush letter to implicate Iraq as having ties to al Qaeda and the organizers of the September 11, 2001 attacks. The book, published on August 5, 2008, by Harper, met mixed critical reviews but inspired considerable media attention and controversy. Anticipation for the commercial success of the book was high, with "The Wall Street Journal" reporting that it was the "biggest release" of a crop of late-summer "big titles".
Contents.
In the book, Suskind details and describes a variety of actions, policies, and procedures of the Bush administration. The most widely publicized allegation in the book is that high-ranking White House officials ordered the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) to forge or manufacture a false-pretense for the Iraq war through a backdated, handwritten document ― namely, the Habbush letter ― linking Saddam Hussein and al-Qaeda. The letter purported to be from General Tahir Jalil Habbush al-Tikriti, the head of Iraqi Intelligence, to Saddam Hussein, detailing training which 9/11 hijacker Mohamed Atta supposedly received in Iraq and mentioning receipt of a shipment from Niger. Suskind says that the CIA forged this letter before the 2003 Iraq invasion, on an order from the White House. The author also claims that the Bush administration had information from a top Iraqi Intelligence official, General Tahir Jalil Habbush al-Tikriti, "that there were no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq – intelligence they received in plenty of time to stop an invasion". Suskind further states that Vice-President Dick Cheney implemented a set of procedures and processes designed to make the President less involved and less accountable for various controversial decisions and actions.
Reception.
The book received considerable media attention. Suskind was twice interviewed on the week of the book's release by Meredith Vieira, on NBC's "Today" show. He was interviewed on NPR's "Fresh Air" by Dave Davies, as well as on "The Daily Show" with Jon Stewart on August 11. On August 12, Suskind appeared live online at "The Washington Post"'s "Book World Live". On August 13 and 14, he appeared on "Democracy Now!", and on August 15, he appeared on "Hannity & Colmes".
Controversies.
Habbush forgery.
One of the most controversial claims in the book is that the White House directed the CIA to forge a letter from an Iraqi intelligence official. This claim rests on Suskind's interviews with multiple sources, including three former intelligence officials who spoke on the record: Robert Richer and John Maguire from the CIA and Nigel Inkster from the British foreign intelligence service, MI6.
All three men have issued public statements responding to the controversy. Robert Richer, the CIA's former deputy director of clandestine operations, said: "I never received direction from George Tenet or anyone else in my chain of command to fabricate a document ... as outlined in Mr. Suskind's book." Richer also says that he reviewed the book before it was published, and told Suskind he had got it wrong. Richer stated that he was considering legal action against Suskind.
John Maguire, who headed the CIA's Iraq Operations Group, issued a statement through Richer saying: "I never received any instruction from then Chief/NE Rob Richer or any other officer in my chain of command instructing me to fabricate such a letter." Nigel Inkster called Suskind's allegations "inaccurate and misleading", saying: "Mr Suskind's characterisation of our meeting is more the stuff of creative fiction than serious reportage, and seeks to make more of it than the circumstances or the content warranted."
The White House also denied the allegation. Deputy press secretary, Tony Fratto, said: "The notion that the White House directed anyone to forge a letter from Habbush to Saddam Hussein is absurd." George Tenet, the former Director of Central Intelligence, said that "there was no such order from the White House to me nor, to the best of my knowledge, was anyone from CIA ever involved in any such effort", adding: "The notion that I would suddenly reverse our stance and have created and planted false evidence that was contrary to our own beliefs is ridiculous."
Suskind's response to his critics.
Suskind responded in an interview to Richer's statement, saying: "You know, that’s a very narrow legalistic response of—lawyers in Washington have called, saying that’s actually a non-denial denial, because, in terms of chain of command, Rob Richer is not actually on George’s chain of command, if you will. It goes around to Rob Richer."
Suskind also posted a partial transcript of his taped interview with Richer in which Richer says the White House ordered the fabrication. According to Suskind, Richer said: "I would probably stand on my, basically, my reputation and say order to fabricate the letter came from the vice president." Richer states that the order was on White House stationery rather than Vice Presidential stationery, but asserts that it must have come from Cheney's office "cause almost all that stuff came from one place only: Scooter Libby and the shop around the vice president." Suskind claimed in an interview that the posting of the transcript had "frankly, quelled some of the clouds that were kicked up by this".
After Suskind posted his partial transcript, Richer issued a second statement, saying: "Mr. Suskind has now released an edited transcript of an apparent conversation between us that he alleges supports one of the central themes in his book. It does not.I stand by my earlier statement and my absolute belief that the charges outlined in Mr. Suskind's book regarding Agency involvement in forging documents are not true." Suskind has also claimed that Richer came under pressure to release his statement; on an interview with National Public Radio, he stated:
Regarding Maguire's statement, Suskind noted:
On NBC TV's "Today Show" on August 6, 2008, Suskind said that Maguire would be reading the book "that day" and would see that it accurately reflected what he had said.
In another interview with "Democracy Now!", Suskind states that he confirmed the claims of Richer and Maguire in several interviews: "The fact is, is it’s not a matter of a passing conversation. We had many conversations on this specific issue, on the Habbush matter, with all of the key sources. There was never any mystery about what it was, what the Habbush letter was, what the Habbush mission entailed, in terms of the setup with the Iraq intelligence chief. I mean, exhaustive, hour after hour. And the way I do it as an investigative reporter, is you go back again and again and again." And in the NPR interview, he claims that both Richer and Maguire had indicated a willingness to testify against the Administration about these allegations: "both of them, frankly, are big believers in the truth process. And I've talked to both of them about, 'Hey, you're never going to feel heat quite like this.' And they said, both of them, Richer and Maguire, 'I'm ready to go in front of Senate committees and House committees. I'm ready to have my moment.' They knew everything that was in the book. You know, once they get there and the moment arrives, sometimes their knees buckle. And then you kind of say, 'All right, let's take a deep breath.' And you get them upright, and they tend to often then walk forward."
Responding to Tenet, Suskind challenged his credibility as a source on the issue, stating that "George is the last man you want to call on something like this". Suskind stated, "Tenet has talked often to reporters, even folks in Congress, that he doesn't remember anything, you know. He's got a memory issue, obviously. And the people just shrug. Is it convenient? Is it something else? In any event, you know, I think Tenet is, you know, with the White House because I think both of them are a bit in the same leaky rowboat on this one." In an interview with Hannity & Colmes, Suskind admitted that he had not spoken to Tenet about the allegation.
Suskind responded to the White House's claim that he "has chosen to dwell in the netherworld of bizarre conspiracy theories" by stating that they were "all but obligated to deny this".
Joe Conason of Salon.com also published circumstantial evidence that appears to support Suskind's claims; Conason found that Ayad Allawi, who originally made the forged letter available to the Daily Telegraph, was "a longtime asset of the Central Intelligence Agency". Just before the Telegraph published information about the Habbush letter, Allawi was at CIA headquarters in Langley; after the forged letter hit the international media, Allawi "suddenly returned to favor in Baghdad and eclipsed Chalabi, at least for a while. Five months later, in May 2004, the Iraqi Governing Council elected Allawi as his country's interim prime minister, reportedly under pressure from the American authorities." Conason suggests these facts establish "a strong circumstantial case ... in support of Suskind's story".
The "Boston Globe"'s Claude R. Marx wrote that "Suskind's sources seem pretty solid, and the denials from the White House and former CIA director George Tenet were what you would expect of policymakers trying to salvage their reputation; they didn't try to disparage Suskind or threaten legal action".
Dan Froomkin of "The Washington Post" elaborated: "The allegation in Ron Suskind's new book that the White House ordered the CIA to forge evidence of a link between Iraq and al Qaeda is so incredibly grave that it demands a serious response from the government. If what Suskind writes is true – or even partially true – someone at the highest levels of the White House engaged in a criminal conspiracy to deceive the American public ... But so far, we've gotten mostly hyperbole, innuendo and narrowly constructed denials." He goes on:
Congressional investigation.
The House Judiciary Committee announced plans to investigate the allegations. Committee Chairman John Conyers has called it "the most critical investigation of the entire Bush administration".
Conyers' office issued letters directing some of the principals allegedly involved in the forgery to appear before the Committee for questioning. These included Rob Richer, Assistant to the Vice President for National Security Affairs John P. Hannah, and former Chief of Staff to the Vice President Lewis I. "Scooter" Libby, who was convicted of perjury and obstruction of justice for his involvement in the Valerie Plame scandal, as well as George Tenet, John Maguire, and A.B. "Buzzy" Krongard (the number three-man at the CIA, who Suskind says also confirmed the allegations).
WMD distortions.
Another controversial claim in the book is that former Iraqi Intelligence Chief Habbush had told American and British intelligence that there were no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq; this claim was controversial because the British and U.S. governments had been insisting at the time that such weapons did exist, and went to war in Iraq in part on the strength of the evidence of the existence of such weapons programs. Suskind's claim would suggest that the U.S. and UK may have known all along that there were no such weapons in Iraq. Suskind was interviewed on BBC Radio 4 on August 19, 2008. BBC security correspondent Gordon Corera followed the interview by reading a statement from former MI6 chief Sir Richard Dearlove, in which Dearlove said:
After reading the statement, Corera emphasized that the sources he spoke with "were careful not to deny that a meeting did take place with the Iraqi intelligence chief on the eve of war in which this man Habbush denied Saddam had any weapons. But I think the key question is whether he was meeting MI6 as a spy providing secret intelligence on Saddam, in which case his information might have been taken very seriously, or whether, in fact, this was a back channel that Saddam Hussein himself had authorized, and that therefore this Iraqi intelligence chief Habbush was simply saying what other Iraqi intelligence officials were already saying."
Detention of a Pakistani national inside the White House.
Suskind alleges that, on July 27, 2006, a Pakistani national walking past the White House was detained under suspicion of being a terrorist and questioned in an "interrogation room" under the building. According to conservative journalist Ronald Kessler, the Secret Service has disputed Suskind's account, saying: "We have no record of the incident or the individual referenced." A Secret Service spokesman went on to add: "Bringing an individual inside the White House for questioning defies standard security and protocols and safety procedures. We would not bring a suspicious person, potential prisoner, prisoner, or any person who has not been properly vetted onto the White House grounds." Kessler also quotes Suskind as saying that when he contacted the Secret Service in the course of researching his book, a spokeswoman told him that the individual in question was not on file but that "it is not uncommon if the individual was 'in and out that we don't find a permanent record'." Suskind also told Kessler that he spoke to "witnesses" who backed up the story.
Book reviews.
"The Way of the World" marked the fullest return of the investigative narrative form that shaped Suskind’s first book, "A Hope in the Unseen". This technique was praised by many in reviewing "Way of the World". In his assessment for the "Literary Review", Michael Burleigh noted the linked vignettes that formed the bedrock of the narrative: "Using a series of interwoven stories, some hopeful, others disturbing, Suskind explores whether the United States and the Muslim world will ever be able to find mutual respect and understanding ... This is a hugely important field that has never been so well examined." Similar encomium was used in analyzing Suskind’s capabilities as a storyteller. "The Sunday Times" declared: "Suskind is never unsympathetic to his characters, who he appears to have debriefed intensively. He is a romantic, a writer who clearly believes that his country has betrayed its past, its values and its moral compass by failing to tell the truth about the war." Perhaps the most substantial testament to Suskind’s return to a narrative style came from the "New York Observer". "Moving ... Mr. Suskind is a prodigiously talented craftsman ... It’s all here: a cast of characters that sprawls across class and circumstance to represent the totality of a historical moment ... These hard times, Mr. Suskind’s book suggests, call for a nonfiction Dickens."
The New York Times.
Reviewing the book for "The New York Times", Mark Danner wrote:
The Washington Post.
"The Washington Post"'s Alan Cooperman wrote:
The Sunday Times (London).
"The Sunday Times"'s Simon Jenkins reviewed the book, finding that:
The Boston Globe.
Writing in "The Boston Globe", Claude R. Marx comments that:
Marx goes on to critique the book for failing "to acknowledge the successes of the country's post-9/11 strategy", but also notes that while "the political sections of the book will get the most attention ... readers who skip over or read too hastily the sections dealing with the effects of the Bush administration's policies on average citizens are doing themselves a disservice ... "The Way of the World" doesn't break a great deal of ground, its intriguing profiles and elegant writing make the book worth reading."
Los Angeles Times.
"The Los Angeles Times"'s Tim Rutten was critical of "The Way of the World", calling it "structurally a mess" and as "a work of literary nonfiction ... an irritating example of overreaching". Speaking of the book's conception, Rutten muses that "Suskind, mindful that the Bush/Cheney administration is staggering to inglorious conclusion, intended this book to look to the future as well as back to the recent past - to suggest, in some fashion, a way forward". Rutten credits Suskind, too, writing that "Suskind's reporting continues to make him an indispensable chronicler of the Bush/Cheney debacle"; and he weighs in in support of Suskind on the controversy surrounding the Habbush letter, saying of the transcript posted on Suskind's website: "It not only supports Suskind's account as written, but shows he took a conservative approach toward his material."
Salon.
"Salon"'s Louis Bayard characterized the book as "alternately incisive and gauzy", praising the book for its reporting while critiquing its language as at-times sentimental and its outlook as more optimistic than the facts warrant. Bayard writes:
The New York Observer.
Reviewing the book for "The New York Observer", Jonathan Liu writes:
Financial Times.
Clive Crook of the "Financial Times" found the charges in "The Way of the World" "grave and shocking" and the stuff of a "a Watergate-sized scandal". Crook wrote that "Congress ought to look into it urgently, with witnesses on oath", adding that the "picture of blundering malfeasance that emerges from this book is deeply depressing". He criticized the book's structure, writing that "the tale meanders hither and yon, in its bloated 'multilayered' fashion".
Another review of the book in the Financial Times, this one by the paper's international affairs editor, Quentin Peel, begins by discussing the book's vantage:
Peel continues, writing that "The Way of the World"'s "sensational claims are almost an afterthought at the very end of Suskind's book. The author, a distinguished former "Wall Street Journal" reporter, has already exposed the dysfunctional White House regime in two previous works, "The One Percent Doctrine" and "The Price of Loyalty". This time he has written a morality tale, an attempt to define how America can recover its moral authority after the global backlash against the disastrous Bush presidency." Peel concludes: "It is a brave attempt, but it fails."
Bloomberg.
Reviewing the book for "Bloomberg", Timothy R. Homan writes:
CIA statement.
On August 22, 2008, the CIA released a statement on its website regarding the allegations in Suskind's book:
When asked why the CIA had made an exception to its general practice of not commenting on books, a spokesman wrote that it was because "the allegations were so egregious—including the suggestion that the agency broke the law—that we felt a response was both necessary and appropriate".
Tenet followed the CIA release with a new statement of his own saying that it was "ridiculous to think that the White House would give me such and order and even more ridiculous to think that I would carry it out". He added that as the head of the CIA he had "consistently fought with some Administration officials to prevent them from overstating the case for Iraqi involvement in international terrorism".
The "Washington Post" reports that "Suskind, whose claims are now the subject of two congressional investigations, yesterday continued to stand by his book and accused the CIA and White House of orchestrating a smear campaign. 'It's the same old stuff,' said Suskind, who said his findings are supported by hours of interviews, some of them taped. 'There's not a shred of doubt about any of it.'"
Mark Danner noted in the "New York Times" that "despite White House and C.I.A. denials, Mr. Suskind's case, if not definitive, seems strong; and had Hussein not been captured the very day the article appeared in The Telegraph, the C.I.A.'s handiwork might have had a significant political effect".

</doc>
<doc id="18730327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730327" title="Dennis Moran">
Dennis Moran

Dennis or Denis Moran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18730338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730338" title="Canon de 75 mle GP III">
Canon de 75 mle GP III

The Canon de 75 mle GP111 was a field gun used by Belgium during World War II. Cockerill mounted a sleeve in the barrels of ex-German 7.7 cm FK 16 guns received as reparations after World War I to convert them to the standard Belgian 75mm ammunition. After 1940, the Wehrmacht designated captured guns as the 7.5 cm FK 236(b). This gun was nearly the equivalent of the German 7.5 cm FK 16 nA and apparently saw wider service than the other captured Belgian guns.

</doc>
<doc id="18730388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730388" title="Hooverdam (album)">
Hooverdam (album)

Hooverdam is an album by Hugh Cornwell released in 2008 initially as a free digital download with a compact disc and vinyl version released later. A short movie entitled "Blueprint" chronicling the recording of the album had a limited release in cinemas in the UK and was released on a DVD which came with the CD. Some tracks like "Philip K. Ridiculous" and "Delightful Nightmare" echo the heavy bass lines previously present in early Stranglers records.
The night after playing in Phoenix in his North America tour during March and August, Cornwell visited the Hoover Dam and recorded a video message there for his fans. He claims he gave the album its name because the Hoover Dam is a huge feat in human engineering and a monument to mankind. He thinks that Alfred Hitchcock should have made a film set at the Hoover Dam.
The album was cited as being one of his best yet with mainly favourable reviews. These reviews resulted in Cornwell being asked to play at certain American venues he had not played in since before he left The Stranglers. 

</doc>
<doc id="18730410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730410" title="Victorian Railways AA class">
Victorian Railways AA class

The AA class was an express passenger locomotive that ran on the Victorian Railways between 1900 and 1932. The largest, heaviest and most powerful 4-4-0 steam locomotive to run in Australia, it was the final development of this locomotive type in Australia.
History.
In 1900, Victorian Railways still ran express passenger trains with the successful but ageing B class 2-4-0 which dated back to 1862. The 'New A' class 4-4-0 of 1889 had proven to be a successful design, as had its close cousin and exact contemporary the X class 0-6-0. With traffic needs continuing to grow, the VR drafting office decided to take the best features of the New A and X class, but enlarge the locomotive with a larger, higher pressure boiler and larger cylinders.
Design features.
Innovative design features of the AA class included air sanding equipment, improved Gresham No. 9 injectors, horizontal grid spark arrestors, steam for auxiliaries supplied directly from the dome, and a sloped ashpan to provide easier cleaning. 
With a comparatively high boiler, later increased to , it was considered impractical to use traditional slide valves. A trial installation of overhead piston valves on New A class locomotive No. 422 demonstrated considerably greater efficiency and reduced maintenance, and the AA became the first of many subsequent VR locomotive classes to be built with piston valves. 
With an axle load of , the AA had reached the design limits of size and power possible with a two coupled axle locomotive type with Victoria's relatively light track infrastructure. Its high tractive effort and limited adhesive weight (due to axle load constraints and only two powered axles) combined to produce a less than ideal factor of adhesion of 3.5. Future VR locomotive designs were based on three or four coupled axles.
Production.
Twenty of the class were built by the Phoenix Foundry in Ballarat, entering service between 1900 and 1903. The first batch of ten, delivered in 1900-01, were delivered with a traditional three-axle tender. The second batch had a slightly larger firebox and grate, a 200 psi boiler pressure and larger four-axle tenders.
Service life.
Upon introduction in 1900, the AA went into service on mainline passenger service, hauling key express services such as the "Sydney Express". They were chosen to haul the Royal Train of the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall in 1901.
With the introduction of larger, heavier express passenger rolling stock in the form of the E type carriages of 1906, the VR introduced the considerably more powerful A2 class 4-6-0 in 1907, which superseded the AA class on premier services. However, the AA continued in service in assistant duties, as well as hauling show and race train specials.
Design improvements.
The AA class inherited a number of design improvements from the Dd class mixed traffic locomotives which were introduced in 1902. 
The second batch of AA locomotives utilised a bogie tender design based on that of the Dd in place of the original six wheel design, offering a far greater water capacity.
During 1923-24, Nos. 542, 544, 566 and 570 were fitted with Robinson superheaters, based on the successful trial of Schmidt pattern superheaters on Dd 882. As was common VR practice at the time for locomotives converted to superheating, the boiler pressure was reduced - in this case to - to reduce maintenance and prolong boiler life. Nominal tractive effort was reduced to a quoted at 85% boiler pressure, with total weight rising to .
Another key improvement was the fitting of tablet exchangers to No. 552 and 570 for non-stop running on single-track sections of the North-eastern line, a portent of improvements on this line that would eventually lead to the non-stop Melbourne-Albury "Spirit of Progress" service of 1937.
Accidents.
Three AA class locomotives were involved in the Sunshine rail disaster of 1908, when an Up Bendigo service hauled by AA 564 and 544 crashed into the rear of an Up Ballarat excursion service hauled by AA 534 and 'Old A' 202, resulting in the deaths of 44 people and the injury of over 400.
Withdrawal and scrapping.
The AA class was gradually made redundant by the delivery of large numbers of 4-6-0 locomotives of the new Dd and A2 classes between 1902 and 1922, which eventually totalled 446 locomotives. The A2 offered considerably more power, while the Dd offered similar tractive effort to the AA but much greater route availability due to its lower axle load.
Withdrawals commenced in 1919 and by 1926 only the superheated AA locomotives remained on the register. A number of the boilers of the withdrawn locomotives saw further use powering river boats, while AA 532 served at Newport Workshops after withdrawal as a mobile stationary boiler.
By January 1932, the entire class had been recorded as withdrawn. They were all scrapped shortly after withdrawal, with the exception of Newport Workshops boiler locomotive AA 532, which lasted until 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="18730411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730411" title="Lou Lancaster">
Lou Lancaster

Lou Lancaster (October 31, 1936 – July 5, 2008), born Louis Lancaster McClung, was an American magician and author.
His 1984 book "Tricks Of The Trade: A Professional Looks at Commercial Closeup Magic" OCLC 12995877 by Phyllis Guggenheim; photos by Lancaster & Guggenheim explained many techniques of close-up magic, and he appeared in several instructional videos produced by the International Magicians Society. The August 2005 issue of "The Linking Ring" featured a cover story on Lancaster and his innovations.
Lancaster performed at the Magic Castle eighteen times, with multiple engagements throughout Las Vegas, Lake Tahoe, San Francisco, Sacramento, and the Catskills. When in New York he worked at the famous Magic Towne House headed up by Dorothy Dietrich and Dick Brooks. He helped assemble Dietrich's straitjacket escape for the HBO Special "The World's Greatest Escapes", in which she appeared as special guest star. She holds the record for the highest stationary escape by a woman from a straitjacket while hanging from a burning rope. She has been quoted as saying, "I trusted my life to Lou Lancaster!" She also says he invented the famous Twister illusion for Mark Wilson when he worked on his TV show. He was the resident magician at Magic Island in Newport for two years.
After Lancaster's death, Jeff McBride - who credits Lancaster with giving him his first professional engagement - participated in Lancaster's memorial Broken Wand Ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="18730426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730426" title="Karen Teff">
Karen Teff

Dr. Karen Teff is a biologist and geneticist. 
She is most notable for a paper on the effects of fructose on triglycerides in women. She is also known for a paper concerning the effects of carbohydrate-heavy breakfasts on satiety.
She is currently working at the Monell Chemical Senses Center.

</doc>
<doc id="18730431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730431" title="Netiv HaGdud">
Netiv HaGdud

Netiv HaGdud (, "lit." Path of the Battalion) is a moshav and Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located in the Jordan Valley around twenty kilometres north of Jericho, it falls under the jurisdiction of Bik'at HaYarden Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 125.
The settlement was established in April 1975 by members who had been preparing in Ma'ale Efraim, and was named after the 38th Battalion of the Jewish legion, which fought in the Jordan Valley during World War I. In May 1977 it moved to its present site.
An archaeological site nearby, which has been excavated by Ofer Bar-Yosef amongst others, has produced remains from the Neolithic era, including Pre-Pottery Neolithic A.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="18730497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730497" title="Hope Bleeds">
Hope Bleeds

Hope Bleeds is a live album by English musician Gary Numan. The album was released in November 2004 by Mortal Records and is a recording of Numan's 20 September 2003 Manchester Academy concert.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Gary Numan except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18730523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730523" title="Pjanoo">
Pjanoo

"Pjanoo" () is a keyboard-based house track by the Swedish DJ and producer Eric Prydz. It has received moderate airplay amongst British radio stations, being heavily used by BBC Radio 1 in advertisements for their "Radio 1 Big Weekend" and "Weekend in Ibiza" events. The song was very successful in the United Kingdom, peaking on the UK Singles Chart at #2, and the UK Dance Chart at #1 for ten non-consecutive weeks.
Background and release.
The song has been on promotional release since 17 March 2008 with Eric Prydz's own label, Pryda, with a limited number of 12" pressings available on special order. The song was released on August 25, 2008 by Ministry of Sound's Imprint Label, Data Records.
Prydz stated in an interview with BBC Radio 1 that he wrote the track in 1996. When played at a show in Stockholm, the track didn't gain any interest from the clubbers. Prydz forgot about the track until he found it in his collection at a recent show and decided to play it. A fan in the crowd filmed him playing it live and posted it on YouTube. This gained much popularity on the video site and Prydz decided to release it as a single. The Welsh drum and bass producer High Contrast has made a successful drum and bass remix of "Pjanoo" and was released by Data Records on 26 August 2008 with a track length of 7:43.
The piano riff was inspired by the piano in Patrice Rushen's song "I Was Tired of Being Alone".

</doc>
<doc id="18730535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730535" title="Eariadinae">
Eariadinae

Eariadinae is a subfamily of the moth family Nolidae. This subfamily contains only a single genus, "Earias".

</doc>
<doc id="18730540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730540" title="M. S. Raghunathan">
M. S. Raghunathan

M. S. (Madabusi Santanam) Raghunathan is an Indian mathematician.
He is currently Head of the National Centre for Mathematics, Indian Institute of Technology, Mumbai. Formerly Professor of eminence at TIFR in Homi Bhabha Chair. Raghunathan received his Ph.D. in Mathematics from (TIFR), University of Mumbai; his advisor was M. S. Narasimhan.
Raghunathan is a Fellow of the Royal Society, of the Third World Academy of Sciences, and of the American Mathematical Society.
Early life and education.
Madabusi Santanam Raghunathan was born on August 11, 1941 at Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh, his maternal grandparents' place. The family lived in Chennai. His father Santanam continued the family's timber business and expanded it through exports to Europe and Japan. He had earlier joined the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, after a B.Sc. in Physics, but had to leave his studies mid-way to take care of the family business. Raghunathan fondly recalls that his father had a feeling for science and used to talk about it, making it very interesting to the children. Raghunathan's mother came from a family with an academic tradition. Her father was an esteemed Professor of English, who had contributed articles to the Cornhill Magazine. He also wrote, and published on his own, a book on William Makepeace Thackerey, which was later found to have been reprinted in the United States, without his knowledge, indeed in violation of the copyright he held.
Raghunathan had his schooling in Chennai, in P.S. High School, Mylapore and the Madras Christian College High School. He passed his SSLC (Secondary School Leaving Certificate) examination in 1955. There is a rather interesting story about it: after the Sanskrit paper he absent-mindedly left the examination hall along with his answer paper, and was intercepted on his way home by a fellow student, following commotion at the examination hall on account of the missing answer paper. He narrowly escaped having to reappear for the entire examination, thanks to the headmaster vouching for his integrity.
The University of Madras had the curious restriction of not admitting anyone under the age of 14 years and six months, though after attaining that age it was possible to be admitted even in higher classes. Raghunathan therefore pursued his Intermediate at the St. Joseph's College, Bangalore during 1955-57. He then returned to Chennai and joined B.A.(Hons.) in mathematics, in Vivekananda College, which had a very good reputation.
Research.
After initial training during 1960-62, he worked on a research problem suggested by Prof. M.S. Narasimhan, on "Deformations of linear connections and Riemannian metrics", and solved it by the summer of 1963.
He wrote his Ph.D. thesis under the guidance of Professor Narasimhan and was awarded the degree by the University of Bombay in 1966. After completing his Ph.D., Raghunathan spent a year at the Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, U.S., a well-known international centre for post-doctoral research. As is to be expected, through the years he has visited several renowned centres in the U.S., Europe and Japan, on invitation, for durations ranging from a few weeks to a year, and has spoken at several international conferences.
Discrete subgroups of Lie groups have been the central objects of his researches. He has made contributions to rigidity and arithmeticity problems.
Administration.
Raghunathan has also played an important role in the promotion of mathematics through various scientific bodies, in both advisory and administrative capacities. He organised the Ramanujan centenary celebrations in Chennai in 1987, with an international conference attended by the foremost number theorists.
His most important and comprehensive contribution in this sphere has been his role in the National Board for Higher Mathematics (NBHM). Raghunathan was a member of the Board since it was formed in 1983 and became its Chairman in 1987. He continues to serve in that capacity. The Board has undertaken a variety of activities through the years: apart from providing financial support to mathematics libraries around the country and grants for research projects, organising conferences, travel to both national and international events and so on, the Board has taken a pro-active role in tapping mathematical talent through various activities, such as Olympiad activity, Mathematics Training and Talent Search, Scholarships/Fellowships at the M.Sc., Ph.D. and post- doctoral levels, and the rather innovative Nurture Programme conceived by Raghunathan to support learning of mathematics by students even while pursuing other career options
Publication.
Raghunathan's book Discrete Subgroups of Lie Groups, published by Springer Verlag, Germany, in 1972 is now a classic in the area. It is unique in its coverage of various results which in recent decades have been put to considerable use, and as such it is much appreciated and widely referred to.The book has been translated into the Russian and published with a foreword by G.A. Margulis.

</doc>
<doc id="18730543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730543" title="Thomas Davis (chief)">
Thomas Davis (chief)

Thomas Davis (c. 1755 – c. 1837) was a Mohawk war chief. In Mohawk he was called Tehowagherengaraghkwen.
Early life.
Davis' place of birth is uncertain, but he was probably born in upstate New York.
Military life.
During the American revolution, Davis fought as an ally of the British, rising to the position of war chief. After Britain's defeat, he travelled to Upper Canada with his cousin Joseph Brant, settling on the Six Nations reserve, building a farm about five miles north of the Mohawk Village which became Brantford. During the War of 1812, Davis was active on the British side.
Religious conversion.
Sometime before 1820, Davis was baptised an Anglican. There was little access to missionaries or priests near his home on the Grand River. Reverend Ralph Leeming made occasional trips through the area. Otherwise lay preachers conducted religious services. Davis took a leadership role in the religious community of the area. He quit drinking around 1820, and began holding prayer meetings at his farm. He called local Mohawks to prayer by blowing a horn, and read sections from the Bible and the Church of England prayerbook to those who attended. In 1823, a white settler heard the horn, and learnt of the prayer meetings. He offered to arrange for Methodist preachers to visit. His offer was accepted, and preacher Edmund Stoney and ordained minister Alvin Torry began making regular trips to the area. As converting Mohawks began to settle around Davis' farm, the area became known as "Davisville". Peter Jones brought a number of Mississaugas who had converted to Methodism there in 1824, and Davis' house became insufficient for both his residence and the Methodism mission, so Davis retired to a log cabin while his house was used by the Methodists. The Mississaugas left for the Credit Mission in 1826, and Davisville was once again a purely Mohawk Methodist settlement. By the time of Davis' death, around 150 of the 2000 Mohawks along the Grand River had converted to Methodism. About the same time the Mission site of Davisville was abandoned as spring flood severity increased along the Grand River after forests were cleared to build farms.

</doc>
<doc id="18730554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730554" title="Bleninae">
Bleninae

Bleninae is a subfamily of the moth family Nolidae consisting of only one genus, Blenina.

</doc>
<doc id="18730571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730571" title="Al-Maydani">
Al-Maydani

ʿAbd al-Ghanī ibn Ṭālib bin Ḥamāda ibn Ibrāhīm al-Ghunaymī al-Dimashqī al-Maydānī(عبد الغني الغنيمي الميداني الحنفي) was a jurist(faqīh) and legal theorist(uṣūlī) in the Hanafi school as well as a traditionalist(muḥaddith) and grammarian(naḥwī). . Born in 1222 AH in the Maydān neighborhood in southern Damascus, he was known for his vast knowledge and his eagerness to apply it. Just as the neighborhood of his birth still bears this name to this day, he too has become known popularly as al-Maydānī. 
His teachers and students.
After memorizing the Qurʾān, he studied with the greatest of the scholars in Damascus during that era. These included:
His qualities.
There were many poetic verses written in praise of him, which can be found in Ḥilya al-Bashar fī Tārikh al-Qarn al-Thālith ʿAshar by Shaykh ʿAbd al-Razzāq al-Bayṭār. (See volume 2, pgs 867-870)
He was of the highest caliber in terms of his knowledge, dignity, scrupulousness(warʿ), abstention from the material world, mental acuity and tremendous insight. He gained an acceptance in the hearts of the masses and was likewise respected and revered by the community of Damascus.
When riots between Muslims and Christians in 1277 AH/1860 CE broke out, he played a significant role in extinguishing the chaos and restoring order. He was described as being far from antogonism and tribalism due to his distance from the material world and his piety.
Many from the region of Shām and beyond studied with him, including ʿAllāma Imām Shaykh Ṭāhir al-Jazāʾiriī and Ustādh Saʿīd al-Shartūnī al-Lubnānī al-Naṣrānī.
His works.
Shaykh al-Mayḍāni was not prolific in his writings, but he was certainly amongst the best in the works he did author. These include:
al-Lubāb fī Sharḥ al-Kitāb in Hanafi fiqh
- When al-Kitāb is mentioned amongst the Hanafis, the Mukhtaṣar of al-Qudurī is intended. Imam al-Qudūrī was the Hanafi jurist and traditionist, Abū al-Ḥusayn Aḥmad ibn Muḥammad al-Qudūrī al-Baghdādī. It is with him the leadership of the Hanafis in Iraq comes to an end. He(raḥma allāh ʿalayh) was born in 362 AH and died in 428 AH. He was also one of the teachers of al-Ḥāfiẓ al-Khaṭīb al-Baghdādī, the author of Tārīkh Baghdād.
This Mukhtaṣar is considered to be one of the reliable books within the Hanafi school, used by adherents of the school into the present day. For this reason Shaykh al-Mayḍanī undertook the task of writing a commentary on it and elucidating its contents. He sought to relate the chosen and established legal positions. This book was widely accepted during his lifetime and after his passing. He finished writing it on the 13th of Ramadan in 1266 AH according to the most sound report. However, Ismaʿīl Bāshā al-Baghdādī in Hadiyya al-ʿĀrifīn and Sarkīs in Muʿjam al-Maṭbūʿāt opine that the year was 1267 AH.
This book's first edition was first published during the lifetime of the author in Qasṭanṭaniya/Asātina, modern-day Istanbul, in the year 1274-1275. Thereafter, numerous editions were printed. Unfortunately, many of those printed in Egypt are filled with errors except those proofread by Ustādh Muḥammad Muḥyī al-Dīn ʿAbd al-Ḥamīd(raḥma allāh ʿalayh).
Shaykh ʿAbdul Fattāh notes that he spent time in Damascus on 20 Muharram 1378 to review all of the manuscripts of Shaykh al-Maydānī. These included:
Death.
Al-Maydānī died in the year 1298 of the Hijra calendar.

</doc>
<doc id="18730572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730572" title="Chinese Radio Sports Association">
Chinese Radio Sports Association

The Chinese Radio Sports Association (CRSA) (in simplified Chinese, 中国无线电运动协会) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in the People's Republic of China. The CRSA's primary mission is to popularize and promote amateur radio in China. Early activities of the organization focused on radiosport, and the CRSA was active in promoting Amateur Radio Direction Finding and High Speed Telegraphy competitions throughout the country. Although the CRSA has broadened its scope and now supports many kinds of radio activities, the organization's name continues to reflect this early heritage. Key membership benefits of the organization include QSL bureau services, a quarterly membership magazine called "Ham's CQ". CRSA is also responsible for the administration of the amateur radio license certification program in the People's Republic of China.
History.
The Chinese Radio Sports Association was founded on April 3, 1964. The organization initially focused on radiosport activities, specifically High Speed Telegraphy and Amateur Radio Direction Finding. It is the national member society representing the People's Republic of China in the International Amateur Radio Union, which it joined in 1984. Prior to 1993, the only licensed amateur radio stations in the People's Republic of China were club stations shared by multiple individuals, and the CRSA was an association of local amateur radio clubs. After 1993, the organization opened its membership to individual amateur radio operators and was given the responsibility of administering the amateur radio license certification program for the country.. The CRSA was the host organization for the 2000 World Amateur Radio Direction Finding Championships, which were held October 13–18 in Nanjing.
Emergency communications.
The CRSA provides structured organizational support for amateur radio emergency communications in the People's Republic of China. In January, 2009, the American Radio Relay League recognized the CRSA by conferring the 2008 ARRL Humanitarian Award jointly to the Chinese Radio Sports Association and the Sichuan Radio Sports Association for their communications support during the disaster response following the May, 2008 Sichuan earthquake that killed an estimated 69,000 people. In granting the award, the ARRL praised the CRSA as an organization that "exemplified the highest level of dedication to public service."

</doc>
<doc id="18730591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730591" title="Bounce with Me (Kreesha Turner song)">
Bounce with Me (Kreesha Turner song)

Bounce With Me is a single released by Canadian singer Kreesha Turner, written and produced by Mike James and Troy Samson of Hipjoint Productions and released on December 4, 2007.
Music video.
The music video opens with Kreesha getting ready to go to the club. When she and her friends arrive at the club they are the only ones dancing. By the end of the first chorus everybody in the club is dancing to music. Kreesha then notices a guy from across the room and they keep eyeing each other and finally start dancing. By the end of the music video there are soap suds falling from the ceiling and onto the dance floor. Throughout the video there are scenes of Kreesha singing to the camera in front of a pink and white background.
Track listing.
iTunes Single.
1. "Bounce With Me" - 3:08

</doc>
<doc id="18730593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730593" title="Haloze">
Haloze

Haloze is a geographical sub-region of Slovenia. It is in the northeast of the country, in the Lower Styria region.
General characteristics.
Haloze is a hilly area, running roughly east-west bounded by the border with Croatia to the south and the Dravinja and Drava rivers to the north. In total, it comprises approximately , where around 21,000 people live in seven municipalities (Cirkulane, Gorišnica, Majšperk, Podlehnik, Videm, Zavrč, and Žetale). From its western end near Makole, it runs in a relatively narrow southwest-northeast belt as far as Zavrč, about in length as the crow flies. Its western part is wooded with thick beech and pine forests, while its eastern part has been a noted viticultural area since Roman times. 
Geology.
While Haloze has a similar climate to the rest of the Drava Valley, it is rather different geologically. Its soils are generally mid-Tertiary sandstone based on dolomite rock. Lying in the southern part of the Drava Valley, the Haloze Hills rose before the drying-out of the Pannonian Sea entered its final phase in the middle of Pleistocene epoch, about 600,000 years ago. The water ruptured its way through the modern Đerdap Gorge on the Danube River and flowed rapidly away, causing the strong erosion of poorly consolidated sandstone and thus steep hillsides. Haloze's highest peak is Jelovica, at .
Dialect.
The Haloze dialect is one of Pannonian dialects of spoken Slovene. See Slovene dialects.
Wine.
Haloze is one of the seven districts of the Podravje wine region, with the others being Ljutomer-Ormož, Radgona-Kapela, Maribor, Prekmurje, Srednje Slovenske Gorice, and Šmarje-Virštanj. 
Viticulture in Haloze was started by the Celts as early as the 4th century BC, and spread with the arrival of the Romans. Christianity also continued the tradition as wine played an important role in their ceremonies. The Slavic tribes who later settled in Haloze took on the cultivation of vines from their predecessors.
Vineyards here mostly line the upper hillsides, as the lower slopes are often kept in excessive shade. The traditional tilling of horizontal lines of vines included the backbreaking task of carrying soil from the lowest row to the top. As the rows were tilled from the top down, the soil tended to slide downslope, and to upkeep the vineyards properly, the soil collected at the bottom had to be returned to the top. With vertically planted vineyards on less steep slopes, this work is no longer as necessary as it once was, but on most sites, grass is allowed to grow between the rows to minimize erosion.
White wines dominate the area. Laski Rizling is the most frequently planted grape, which is mainly used to produce medium dry, slightly syrupy, wine. However, dry Laski Rizling is also produced. Other popular white wines include Traminec, Beli Pinot, Sauvignon, and Renski Rizling. The only red produced in significant quantities is Modri Pinot. Haložan is a blend of locally produced Laski Rizling, Sauvignon, Beli Pinot, and Sipon that ages quite well. It is often mixed with water to make spritzer.
Most of the wines grown in Haloze are produced, stored, and bottled in Ptuj in the neighbouring Srednje Slovenske Gorice area.
Monuments.
Borl Castle, first mentioned in writing in 1199, is on a high rocky ledge overlooking an ancient crossing point on the Drava River. During the Second World War the castle was used by the occupying Germans as an internment camp, and after the war it was converted into a hotel, but then lay empty and abandoned. Recently the state has taken over the care of it and has undertaken its architectural restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="18730596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730596" title="2BCR">
2BCR

BFM (callsign 2BCR), is one of three Australian broadcasters currently sharing the frequency 100.9 FM. It operates under a "Temporary Community Broadcasting Licence".
The licence area is Bankstown and Auburn in Sydney.
History.
The Bankstown City Radio Co-operative was one of the first groups to receive a community radio broadcasting licence. Awarded the licence in 1983, the station began broadcasting as 2BCR from studios in a building at the former site of Georges Hall Public School in Birdwood Avenue, Georges Hall. Its programming included music and community interest programs including weekend sports shows, youth-oriented request programs, religious programming and for many years hosted a weekly police round-up. In the mid-90s, the station had a media booth at Belmore Oval to enable live broadcasts of home games by the Bulldogs rugby league team. A mobile studio allowed the station to broadcast from local events. Brendan "Jonesy" Jones got his start at 2bcr, when it was at Georges hall, He famously got his fathers car bogged on the oval after his shift "Jazz beat". Jones now works on Breakfast radio as the Jonesy part of Jonesy and Amanda on WSFM.
In 1999 BFM moved to new permanent studios at 104 Cahors Road, Padstow. By the early 00s, the station's focus had shifted to community language programming almost exclusively. On 21 June 2007 the Australian Communications and Media Authority announced that it would not be renewing BFM's community radio broadcasting licence when it expired in July. The reason stated was Most of the licensee’s members are from communities outside of the licence area and a significant proportion of its programs are directed at communities that are largely resident outside the licence area. The station was then required to apply for a temporary licence to start from the day the previous licence expired. While successful in its application, BFM now shares its frequency with three other licensees. The current licence expired on January 1, 2010.
The other licencees are BACR, which is a sub branch group of BCR/BFM, CAMS - FLAME FM which is an independent operator based in Bankstown and BSACR which is viewed to be a discreet Sub-Branch of BCR/BFM.
It is said by industry sources that a permanent licence will be issued to CAMS at a later stage (yet to be announced).
References.
In November of 2011, the successful group to obtain the 5 year broadcast licence for the bankstown RA1 region was BACR - Bankstown Auburn Community Radio.

</doc>
<doc id="18730601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730601" title="Otto Eissfeldt">
Otto Eissfeldt

Otto Eissfeldt (September 1, 1887 in Northeim – April 23, 1973) was a German Protestant theologian, known for his work on the Old Testament and comparative near-east religious history. His magisterial 860-page "The Old Testament: An Introduction" (1934, 1965), giving a detailed literary-critical assessment of the history of the formation of each part of the Old Testament on the basis of the documentary hypothesis, has been called the "best of its kind".
Life.
Born in Northeim in Germany, Eissfeldt studied Protestant theology and Oriental languages from 1905 to 1912 at the University of Göttingen and Berlin's Humboldt University. He earned his habilitation in Berlin in 1913 with a thesis on Old Testament, and his PhD in Göttingen in 1916. From 1913 to 1922 he taught in Berlin, before being appointed in 1922 to the chair of Old Testament at the University of Halle-Wittenberg, where he remained professor for the rest of his life, also serving as a visiting professor at the University of Tübingen. He retired in 1957, and died at Halle in 1973.
Work.
Eissfeldt was one of the leading representatives of the literary-critical approach in Biblical criticism, following in the school of Julius Wellhausen and Rudolf Smend, with Hermann Gunkel and Wolf Wilhelm Friedrich von Baudissin his teachers in the area of religious history. A prolific writer, his "Hexateuchsynopse" ("Hexateuch synopsis", 1922) and "Einleitung in das Alte Testament" ("Introduction to the Old Testament", 1934, 1956, 1964, 1976) are outstanding examples of his literary-critical research achievements, while his numerous works on Phoenician religion (based in particular on the texts from Ugarit) were leading works in the field of near-east religious history. 
He also edited the bible commentary series "Handbuch zum Alten Testament" ("Guide to the Old Testament", 1937–77), and Joseph Aistleitner's "Wörterbuch der ugaritischen Sprache" ("Dictionary of the Ugaritic Language", 1963), as well as the third edition of "Biblia Hebraica" (1929–37) with Albrecht Alt after the death of Rudolf Kittel.
Philosophy.
Eissfeldt's scholarship was influenced particularly by Gabler and Søren Kierkegaard to see an uncrossable chasm between history and faith, with "Religionsgeschichte" or the History of religions being the prerogative of the former and Biblical Theology being the prerogative of the later. He defined the faith displayed by the Old Testament (and New Testament) as well as necessary of the Christian or Jewish believer, to be only that which is timeless and eternal and which can neither be judged by history and reason, nor judge them. Thus it was only and always from this sort of “faith” that one could pursue or benefit from Biblical Theology. In this respect, he agreed with the absolutism or idealism of Neo-Orthodoxy. He defined history as the enterprise which sought to make known, through historical-critical method, the particulars of Old Testament (and New Testament) religious times and events without accepting any value or truth judgments concerning them. Thus it was only and always from this sort of “historical” inquiry that one could pursue or benefit from "Religionsgeschichte". In that respect, he agreed with the scientific positivism of liberal scholarship. In order for Eissfeldt to maintain both positions, it was necessary that they be held perpetually separate and in tension. This was also the only way each one as so defined could achieve its purest expression. His way of resolving the paradox of this separation between history and faith was a relativism that arbitrarily chose the answers from one side over the other when it seemed most beneficial to the objective or was judged to belong to the category of one side and not the other.

</doc>
<doc id="18730633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730633" title="Covers (James Taylor album)">
Covers (James Taylor album)

Covers is the sixteenth album and the first "covers" album by singer-songwriter James Taylor, released on September 30, 2008. The album was recorded by Taylor's regular touring band. Some of the tunes Taylor had been performing off and on in concerts for years, while others were new to his repertoire. The effort garnered modestly good reviews and two Grammy Award nominations.
History.
The album was recorded over ten snowed-in days in January 2008, in a converted barn in Weston, Massachusetts. Taylor was able to assemble his regular touring group (lately dubbed "The Band of Legends") to all be present at the same time, which was rare in the contemporary recording scene. Thus, few if any overdubs were necessary during the recording process. Some of the tunes Taylor had been performing off and on in concerts for years, while others were new to his repertoire. Altogether, 20 songs were recorded.
In promotion of "Covers", Taylor appeared on numerous television shows. On the September 30 edition of "The Colbert Report", he humorously answered a question regarding his philosophy by simply performing "(I'm a) Road Runner" in its entirety.
The effort garnered two Grammy Award nominations, for Best Pop Vocal Album and, concerning "Wichita Lineman", Best Male Pop Vocal Performance.
Some of the bonus tracks issued for different manifestations of the album ended up also being released on 2009's "Other Covers" mini-album follow-up.
Track listing.
QVC bonus tracks.
Home shopping channel QVC made available this bonus CD/DVD on September 12, 2008. Taylor and his band appeared live during two half-hour segments on QVC that date, to play songs from the album and a couple of old favorites. Over 14,000 copies of the album sold during the shows.
UK bonus tracks.
The album was scheduled for release in the UK on February 2, 2009, and included three additional tracks. The tracks were not tacked at the end, but rather inserted at the front, before the penultimate, and at the end, respectively. This was part of a practice to make U.S. releases less attractive for overseas sales.
Personnel.
As listed in the album's liner notes:

</doc>
<doc id="18730640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730640" title="Pacific Valley Dairy">
Pacific Valley Dairy

Pacific Valley Dairy has been a major contributor to the production and delivery of dairy mix in the Midwest region. Based in Pacific, Missouri the company services independent stores, mid-sized frozen custard chains, and large scale food distributors.

</doc>
<doc id="18730646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730646" title="New Zealand FP class electric multiple unit">
New Zealand FP class electric multiple unit

The New Zealand FP/FT "Matangi" class () are a class of EMUs (electric multiple units) that are currently serving the suburban rail network of New Zealand's capital city of Wellington. The class (consisting of an FP power car and an FT trailer car) are operated on all electrified lines of the greater Wellington network which comprises; the Hutt Valley line to Upper Hutt, Kapiti Line to Waikanae, Melling Branch and Johnsonville Line. The units are owned by Greater Wellington Rail Ltd, a subsidiary of the Greater Wellington Regional Council (GWRC) and are operated by Tranz Metro, the Wellington suburban service subsidiary of the state-owned rail operator KiwiRail.
The FP/FT units have allowed an increase in the capacity of the Wellington network and has also allowed the retirement of the remaining DM/D class "English Electric" multiple units that were introduced between 1949 and 1954. The FP/FT class have also replaced the EM/ET "Ganz-Mavag" class multiple units (introduced 1982-83) on the majority of off-peak services and will eventually also replace the EM/ET class outright.
History.
In 2005 GWRC unveiled a plan for the upgrade of the Wellington commuter rail system to increase capacity and service frequencies. The plan also included:
Tender and supply.
In December 2006, GWRC announced that it would begin the tendering process for 29 EMU's to replace the DM/D English Electric EMUs and to provide additional network capacity. GWRC formed a subsidiary named Greater Wellington Rail Limited to purchase the EMUs and three tenders were shortlisted; "Construcciones y Auxiliar de Ferrocarriles" (CAF), a consortium of Rotem & Mitsui and a consortium of EDi Rail & Bombardier transportation. In July 2007 GWRC announced that the preferred supplier was the consortium of Rotem and Mitsui with the units to be built at the Rotem works in Seoul, South Korea.
In April 2008, GWRC announced that an additional 10 units would be purchased, following an earlier addition of another 6 units to the original order. A further addition to the order of three units was announced by GWRC on 4 November 2008, bringing the total number of units to 48 (96 cars).
On 23 August 2012 the Greater Wellington Regional Council announced that the option of placing another order for a further 35 units was preferred over refurbishing the EM/ET units, with a resulting uniform fleet of 83 units for the Wellington electrified network intended.
Specifications.
GWRC advised that the Request for Tender documentation included the following requirements, although some specifications may change and no weight specifications were available.
The cars have AC traction gear and convert the DC power supply to AC. The inverters converting the power give the trains a distinctive high-pitched hum that can be heard when the train is stationary.
The interior configuration allows for more standing room, increasing the passenger capacity compared with the EM/ET class units. This does not come at the expense of seating capacity, which remains the same but with 42 fewer front/rear-facing seats per set – the A (western) side of the section between the doors of each FT car contains only longitudinal seats, to widen the aisle.
The preliminary design was modified with the addition of an emergency exit door at each end to allow for evacuation in the numerous single-track tunnels on the Wellington network. The end doors also allows train staff to move between units while the train is moving or where no platform is available.
The FP/FT class differs from the EM/ET class in that the power car is the northern car of the pair rather than the southern one. This is due to only the FT car having a floor level with the platforms for wheelchair access (and a retractable ramp if needed) and having the FT at the southern end makes it closer to the concourse at Wellington Railway Station. For easy identification, the doors leading to the low floor area of the FT car are painted lime green, whereas the remainder are painted navy blue. Additional differences include a change to open-on-demand doors - rather than all the doors opening when the train stops at the station (as on the DM/D and EM/ET class), the doors are unlocked and passengers must press a button to open that set of doors. At terminal stations, the doors automatically close again after 90 seconds to keep the elements out of the train interior.
The second batch of units will have some changes as standard, including fully automatic Scharfenberg couplers instead of the first batch's semi-automatic knuckle couplers, and LED lamps for interior lighting instead of fluorescent tubes. Both changes will be retrofitted to the first batch of units.
Service.
A large amount of preparation works were undertaken in the Wellington region to allow the units to operate: clearances in tunnels, at platforms and under some bridges had to be increased to take the new trains. KiwiRail installed eleven new rectifier substations to increase the electrical supply for the new trains (nine on existing electrified lines, and two on the new extension to Waikanae), and hardened the signalling system against interference from their AC traction equipment. Despite the power upgrades the length of Matangi trains was initially limited to a maximum of six cars out of concern for the load long trains would have on the power supply. Testing performed by Tranz Metro and KiwiRail in September 2011 with eight-car sets in revenue service on the Hutt Valley and Kapiti Lines found that the network is able to cope with a limited number of long trains (one at a time on the Hutt Valley line and two on the Kapiti line) resulting in eight-car trains being permitted.
The first unit, 4103, operated preview services on 23 December 2010: the 9:05am Hutt Valley service ex-Wellington and the return 10:00am service from Upper Hutt. After these services it returned to testing duties, including four-car running with 4132.
It was intended for the units to be running in regular service on the Hutt Valley and Melling Lines from January 2011, followed by the Johnsonville Line by May 2011 and Kapiti Line from July 2011. but this has been delayed. Regular revenue service commenced on 25 March 2011 with unit 4013 running on the Hutt Valley Line, initially running two off-peak return services to Upper Hutt and a Melling Line service each weekday However a combination of slower-than-expected testing, certification and driver-training programmes saw this timetable slip, prompting criticism from commuters. Overcrowding on existing services saw temporary measures introduced in April 2011, with morning peak Melling line trains replaced by buses to free up units for the Kapiti and Hutt Valley Lines, and the minimum fare removed on Wellington-bound Wairarapa Connection services to allow Hutt Valley Line passengers to use the train without penalty (the latter change became permanent in October 2011).
Other units were introduced to service as they arrived and completed testing and services checks and were cleared by the New Zealand Transport Agency. In June 2011, all seven units in service were temporarily withdrawn after problems was discovered in the auxiliary power units of two units. A faulty inductor coil in the APUs caused them to overheat, and the trains were fitted with extra cooling fans and settings for the APU power supply were altered so the trains could continue in service while replacement APUs were shipped out from Korea.
Introduction to the Kapiti Line was achieved in August 2011 when sufficient units became available. Another significant milestone was achieved in November 2011 when the units took over about 50% of the weekday off-peak services on these lines from the Ganz-Mavag units.
Services began on the Johnsonville Line on 19 March 2012, having been delayed by a combination of driver training needs, units being required on the other lines due to rolling stock shortages caused by reliability issues with some Ganz units, and the withdrawal of the EO/SE set from service – ironically the older DM/D class units used on the Johnsonville line had fewer issues - and operational clearance not being granted by NZTA. While all units are capable of operating on this line, a small number will initially be dedicated to operating the majority of services.
The lower-floor trailer unit has an area with folding seats for wheelchairs or prams, and for three bicycles during off-peak (and during peak if in the non-peak direction of travel). The entry to low floor area is marked by a lime green door, whereas all other doors are navy blue. In July 2012, a passenger with a bicycle was ordered off a peak-hour train at Petone, and after refusing to comply and holding up the train for 15 minutes, was subsequently removed by police.
Rail squeal.
Not long after the units were introduced on the Johnsonville Line, residents along the line started complaining of the trains emitting a high-pitched squealing noise as they rounded some corners. Although squealing caused by wheel slip is not uncommon on rail systems worldwide, the gradient and curve radius on the Johnsonville Line exacerbated it. During the 2012-13 Christmas/New Year period, dispensers of friction modification fluid were fitted to the line to lubricate the rail and help reduce the noise. The fluid has produced mixed results, reducing the squeal in some places but making no difference on others, however has the unfortunate side-effect of reducing rail adhesion – when combined with a wet rail, it has caused trains to overshoot platforms and to lose traction, resulting in cancellations or delays. Wheel dampers are also to be trialled on two units to help reduce the squeal.
Accidents.
During their time in service, there has been one reported accident involving a Matangi unit. On the morning of 15 April 2013, unit 4149 overran Melling station and hit the stop block at the end of the line. Several passenger on board suffered minor injuries, while the unit suffered minor frontal damage. The cause of the accident is under investigation.
Livery.
The class wears an unpainted stainless steel finish, offset by the Metlink branding colours of dark blue and lime green, with yellow safety ends.
Naming and classification.
The name "Matangi", Māori for wind, came from a competition run by GWRC. Over 100 entries were received, including several Thomas the Tank Engine-inspired suggestions. It was nominated by Linden commuter Brian Bond, chosen for Wellington's windy reputation and the new trains being "as fast as the wind" and a "breath of fresh air to the transport system". The name was also chosen as it is easy to pronounce and spell, is distinctively Kiwi, and had support from local iwi (Māori tribes).
The class letters have been chosen as a continuation of the class letters assigned to the DM/D English Electric and EM/ET Ganz Mavag EMUs. FP stands for Matangi Power car (FM was not chosen to avoid confusion with NZR FM guards vans from the 1980s, some of which are preserved) and FT for Matangi Trailer car. Road numbers are FP 4103 to FP 4610 and FT 4103 to FT 4610, with each FP operating with their corresponding numbered FT.
The numbering uses the TMS system, in which the first three numbers are the train number and the last number is a check digit.

</doc>
<doc id="18730658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730658" title="1987 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships">
1987 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships

The 1987 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Duisburg, West Germany for the second time. The West German city hosted the championships previously in 1979.
The men's competition consisted of six Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Three events were held for the women, all in kayak.
This was the 21st championships in canoe sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="18730659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730659" title="Reipas Lahti">
Reipas Lahti

Reipas Lahti is a sports club in Lahti, Finland. It is involved in various of ball games and also other sports. The club emerged in the late 1940s, when the inhabitants of Viipuri had mostly been relocated in Lahti, after evacuation during World War II. As a consequence, the activities of Viipurin Reipas, which had been founded in 1891, were continued in the new home town of the evacuees. The name of the club was still Reipas Viipuri until 1962, when the ball game section became simply Reipas. 
Reipas has played in top flight football, ice hockey and bandy, with particular success in football.
In bandy Reipas last appeared in top flight in 1967, but then discontinued its involvement in this sport the following year. In 1975 the football and ice hockey sections became independent clubs, football being continued under the name of Lahden Reipas, and ice hockey under the name of Kiekkoreipas.
Football.
The hallmark of Reipas in football is a shirt with vertical orange and black stripes.
From 1963 to 1970 Reipas won the Mestaruussarja three time, thus achieving a hat trick of Finnish championships. However, by 1996 the club was in financial difficulties, and the problem was solved by merging Reipas and they more recently arrived local rival Kuusysi. At the time both clubs played in the northern section of Division 1, i.e. on the second level, but at the end of the season Reipas found themselves in the relegation zone.
FC Lahti.
The new club was simply called FC Lahti, and it inherited Kuusysi’s place in Division 1, now in the southern section. The place of Reipas, in 1997 Kakkonen was given to FC Pallo-Lahti, which was founded as a reserves team. Later this team was discontinued and the place in the division in question was given up.
FC Reipas.
Together with the other changes, a club named FC Reipas was founded in 1996. Its task is to continued the tradition of bringing up new generations of footballers in Lahti, more specifically A and B juniors. Nowadays the club has teams in all age groups.
The club also has an elderly men’s team.
The club organises the annual Lahti Soccer annual tournament.
Return of Reipas Lahti.
Lahden Reipas, i.e. Reipas Lahti returned to men’s competitive football for the season 2012, when it was given the former place of Reipas Salpausselkä in Division 3.

</doc>
<doc id="18730690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730690" title="Page (MCC cricketer)">
Page (MCC cricketer)

Page (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 2 known appearances in major cricket matches in 1791.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC).

</doc>
<doc id="18730702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730702" title="Nicholas Kiptanui Kemboi">
Nicholas Kiptanui Kemboi

Nicholas Kiptanui Kemboi (born 18 December 1989 in Kericho) is a Kenyan middle-distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres. 
He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics but did not advance past 1500 metres heats.
He holds the 1500 metres world youth best performance of 3:33.72 minutes, achieved in August 2006 in Zurich.

</doc>
<doc id="18730707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730707" title="List of medical schools">
List of medical schools

Medical schools are developed, monitored and credentialed by national organizations in each country. The agency responsible for this recognition in most countries is the Ministry of Health. Medical schools that are recognized by the appropriate agencies in their respective countries are listed in the International Medical Education Directory or the AVICENNA Directory for medicine.
The following are lists of medical schools (or universities with a medical school), sorted by region and continent.

</doc>
<doc id="18730726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730726" title="Education in Hamburg">
Education in Hamburg

Education in Hamburg covers the whole spectrum from kindergarten, primary education, secondary education, and higher education in Hamburg. The German states are primarily responsible for the educational system in Germany, and therefore the "Behörde für Schule und Berufsbildung" (State Ministry of Schools and Vocational training) is the administrative agency in Hamburg. The "Behörde für Wissenschaft und Forschung" (State Ministry of Science and Research) has the oversight for universities and colleges.
The UNESCO Institute for Lifelong Learning, one of the six educational institutes of UNESCO, is located in Hamburg.
History.
Per student no other State of Germany spends more money on education than Hamburg. Yet at the Programme for International Student Assessment the students did very poorly and were outperformed by 14 other States of Germany. Only the State of Bremen did worse than Hamburg. One in two Hamburg children comes from an immigrant family, and in 2007, 20,4 percent of all Hamburg children were on welfare. So Hamburg faces more challenges than many other States of Germany.
In 2008 several types of secondary schools existed in Hamburg. The most common types were Hauptschulen, Realschulen, Gymnasien (prep schools) and Gesamtschulen (comprehensive schools). Kids graduated from primary schools after 4th grade and were allowed to apply for any of those schools. The choice which school to apply for was made by the parents.
In October 2009, the Hamburg Parliament voted for an act to change this system with the start of the educational year 2010/11. The "Grundschule"—primary school of 4 years education from the age of 6 to 10—would be changed into a "Primärschule" (lit. primary school), lasting 6 years. This would be followed by a so-called location or quarter school () with certificates, like the Abitur after 13 years of education. The Gymnasium will offer the Abitur after 12 years. Pupils could enter the "Stadteilschule" or the "Gymnasium". Parents would no longer be allowed to choose if their child should apply for a Gymnasium. Only those children whose primary school teachers state that the child would make a successful transition into a Gymnasium would be allowed to apply. The act also states that no more than 25 pupils are allowed in classes of the primary school, 20 in so-called difficult quarters, and not more than 28 in a "Gymnasium" class. This decision was criticized by factions of the SPD and The Left.
Many people were not pleased by this educational reform. Some were dismayed that the reform did not do away with Gymnasien they saw as a breeding ground of privilege. It has been noted that most of the children attending a Gymnasium came from upper-middle-class families and that Gymnasien often failed to enroll minority youngsters. A movement called "Eine Schule für alle" ("A school for everyone") was formed. The movement attempted to collect enough signatures to force a referendum, but fell short of the required number to do so. Many parents of those attending a Realschule were dismayed that this type of school was abolished. Another group of parents was dismayed that the decision of whether their kids should apply for a Gymnasium was no longer left to the parents. They also were concerned about the fact that Gymnasien would no longer be allowed to enroll students after fourth grade, but had to wait until they graduated from sixth grade. These would mean Gymnasien would get two fewer years to impart Latin and Ancient Greek. It was also feared that if Gymnasien would not be able to enroll students as young as ten years, it would become difficult for them to instill school spirit and love for learning in the students. It was also claimed that the academically most promising kids were denied an adequate education if they were not allowed to enroll in a Gymnasium after four years of schooling. A movement called "Wir wollen lernen!" ("We want to learn!") was formed. It collected 184.500 signatures in November, three times the number needed to force a referendum.
An attempt by the city government of Hamburg to have all pupils attend the same school until 7th grade was, however, rejected by 276,304 votes to 218,065 German television showed that the voter participation was higher in the poor neighbourhoods was higher than in the poor ones. The opinion was put forward that the referendum to reject the school reforms was only successful because of this. In fact, although the proposal in Hamburg was to have all children in a single school system two years longer in order to treat everyone equally for a longer time, German TV found a number of wealthy parents willing to make statements to TV cameras that they considered such equal treatment unfair: "you don't have to disadvantage the socially advantaged so that the disadvantaged benefit". In other words, putting everyone in the same school is considered unfair by many of the wealthy in Germany.
General education.
Besides regular German schools and kindergarten, an International School of Hamburg and a French school exist. Both offer an education in the respective language from kindergarten to secondary school. The International School Hamburg provides the International Baccalaureate, the French school the French baccalauréat and the AbiBac (French-German baccalaureate).
In 2007, there were 1,039 day-care centers for children, 244 primary schools, and (in 2006) 195 secondary schools, with a total of 167,714 pupils. As of 2009 several Hamburg schools were Wilhelm-Gymnasium (Hamburg), Christianeum Hamburg, Friedrich-Ebert-Gymnasium, Gymnasium Farmsen, and Helene-Lange-Gymnasium. Hamburg's oldest school is the Gelehrtenschule des Johanneums.
Higher education.
As of 2008, 17 universities and colleges were located in Hamburg with about 70,000 university students, including 9,000 international students.
Universities.
Universities in Hamburg are:
Colleges.
There are a number of colleges without university status (see Fachhochschule) in Hamburg as well:
There are also a number of colleges below the Fachhochschule level.

</doc>
<doc id="18730738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730738" title="Vidyabhushana">
Vidyabhushana

Vidyabhushana is a vocalist from Karnataka. He sings devotional songs, chiefly Haridasa compositions, and carnatic classical music. He has hundreds of albums to his credit, mainly devotional songs in Kannada, and has given many concerts all over the world. His first album was the extremely popular "Dasara Padagalu" and the 100th - "Tanu Ninnadu Jivana Ninnadu". Performing for more than 20 years, he has traveled to many countries including a successful tour across the length and breadth of USA in 1999., He was honoured with the title of Sangeetha Vidya Nidhi in 1994. He was also honoured the Doctorate by Hampi University.
Sri Vidyabhushana began to learn music when yet very young, from his father late Sri Govindacharya, and for several years was an ardent disciple of Sri B. V. Narayana Aithal of Udupi. In the later years he got training from the famous musician, Sangeetha Kalanidhi Sri R. K. Srikantan and then from the well known exponent T. V. Gopalakrishnan of Chennai.
He continues his constructive activities in music, and the spread of devotion and service to the community through "Bhakti Bharathi Prathistana", a trust for which he is the founder trustee. This trust conducts extensive musical programs to commemorate Shri Purandara Dasara Aradhana and other events.Presently he is constructing "Purandarashrama" in Bangalore.
He is a native of Dakshina Kannada district. He lives with his wife and two kids in Bangalore. He was the pontiff of Subrahmanya Matha, before becoming a full-time singer.

</doc>
<doc id="18730751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730751" title="Tonight (Reamonn song)">
Tonight (Reamonn song)

"Tonight" is a pop song by the German band Reamonn. It was released on July 7, 2006 from their fifth studio album "Wish".
Charts performance.
The song reached the top 20 in Germany (#11), on the European charts (#11), and in Switzerland (#20). It was a number-one song in Greece and Romania for six weeks.
Music Video.
Wow! It's beautiful! ...and wild!..

</doc>
<doc id="18730765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730765" title="Andy Vores">
Andy Vores

Andy Vores (born 1956) is a Welsh classical music and opera composer. He has lived in the United States since 1986 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts.
Education.
Vores studied composition at Lancaster University in Lancaster, England. He initially focused on playing drums and keyboards in local rock bands, but his studies under the tutelage of composer Edward Cowie switched his focus to writing classical music. He received first prize in the Kucyna International Composition Competition at Boston University in 1985, and the following year he returned to Massachusetts as a Fellow in Composition at Tanglewood. His work "Hammer and Darkness, Mirror and Knife", written in the summer of 1986, won the Tanglewood Prize for Composition. Also in 1986, he met pianist Patricia Thom, whom he later married, and decided to take up residence in the U.S.
Appointments.
In 1992, Vores became Composer-in-Residence at Bemidji State University in Bemidji, Minnesota. In this one-year position, he was first person to receive the Interdisciplinary Fellowship established by the American Composers Forum and the Minnesota State University System. In 1999, Vores was named Composer-in-Residence to the FleetBoston Celebrity Series: Emerging Artists in Boston. In 2001, he became Chairman of Composition and Theory at The Boston Conservatory. In 2002, he was named Composer-in-Residence to the New England Philharmonic.
Operas.
On December 2, 1994, Vores presented his first opera, an adaptation of the Virginia Woolf play "Freshwater", at Boston University. Vores first came across the Woolf text while browsing the shelves of the Boston University bookstore. Vores received assistance in the opera’s creation from Woolf's nephew and executor, Quentin Bell, who provided Vores with a rarely seen earlier version of the text that served as the inspiration for several passages of his libretto.
On April 24, 2008, Vores presented his latest opera, a one-act chamber opera adaptation of Jean-Paul Sartre’s "No Exit", at the Boston Conservatory's Zack Box Theatre.
Classical compositions.
Vores' classical compositions include "Wonder Wheel", "Umberhulk" and "Dark Mother". His first CD, "Urban Affair", a classical work consisting of nine movements, was released on the Vera label in 2005. "Urban Affair" was commissioned as part of the Bank of America Celebrity Series and was performed for the CD by the Boston Trio.

</doc>
<doc id="18730773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730773" title=".33-40 Pope">
.33-40 Pope

The .33-40 Pope is a wildcat cartridge designed around 1900 by Harry Pope, a noted rifleman. The cartridge is a necked up .32-40 Ballard. It was Pope's favorite wildcat, and was often used with great success by him.

</doc>
<doc id="18730816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730816" title="Robert Plowden">
Robert Plowden

Robert Plowden (born 27 January 1740; died at Wappenbury, 27 June 1823) was an English Jesuit priest, a firm supporter of Bishop John Milner.
Life.
He entered the Society of Jesus in 1756, and was ordained in 1763. After some years spent at Hoogstraet in Belgium, as director of Carmelite nuns, he returned to England, and was stationed at Arlington, Devon, from 1777 to 1787. 
Appointed to Bristol, his exertions resulted in the erection of St. Joseph's Church, together with a parochial residence and schools. His activity extended to the mission of Swansea and South Wales District, of which he may be considered a principal founder. 
Removed from Bristol in 1815, he became chaplain to the Fitzherbert family at Swynnerton until 1820, when he retired to Wappenbury, where he died. He was a keen theologian, "a more solid divine than his brother Charles", according to Bishop Carroll.
Works.
He translated from the French: "The Elevation of the Soul to God", which passed through several editions in England; American editions, Philadelphia, 1817, and New York, 1852.
Family.
He was the elder brother of Charles Plowden.

</doc>
<doc id="18730818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730818" title="Rob Morris Home">
Rob Morris Home

The Rob Morris Home, located in the east end of the Central La Grange Historic District of La Grange, Kentucky on 102 Washington Street, is the historic home of Rob Morris, the second and last poet laureate of Freemasonry and the founder of the Order of the Eastern Star.
Rob Morris came to La Grange initially to serve on the faculty of the Masonic University in 1860, after serving as the Grand Master of the Grand Lodge of Kentucky from 1858-1859. His first house in La Grange was burned on November 7, 1861, due to Morris' pro-Union stance, although his books regarding Freemasonry were saved (but mangled) by nearby Federal troops. Morris was lecturing at Crown Point, Indiana at the time of the fire for the Grand Lodge of Indiana. Morris considered moving away from La Grange to the state of New York, but decided against it as Kentucky would maintain a state government loyal to the federal government. He bought the house at the corner of Washington and Cedar Streets in 1862 for $1,400; the house had been built in 1840. It was here that he died in 1888, and his wife died at the home in 1893.
The Rob Morris Home is considered "one of the most architecturally and historically important houses" within the Central La Grange Historic District. Among the highlights of the architecture of the house are the front doors flanked by overlights and sidelights, a chimney on its west side that is typical of coastal North Carolina chimneys but extremely rare in Kentucky, and a side hall plan. Non-historic additions to the house include a carport.
In 1918 the Kentucky Chapter of the Order of the Eastern Star purchased the home, and has since kept it as a shrine/museum to Morris. The furnishings within date from the time Rob Morris lived in the home, and some were actually owned by Morris.

</doc>
<doc id="18730837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730837" title="Mitsutoshi Shimabukuro">
Mitsutoshi Shimabukuro

Career.
Shimabukuro made his debut in 1996, in "Weekly Shōnen Jump". He received an Akatsuka Award for best new comic manga writer on his gag manga, (1997–2002, 24 volumes), for which he also won the 2001 Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga.
In 2002, he was arrested and convicted of violating child prostitution laws, including paying a 16-year-old girl ¥80,000 to have sex. As a result of the arrest, "Seikimatsu Leader Den Takeshi!" was cancelled by "Weekly Shōnen Jump". Shimabukuro was sentenced for two years in prison, however the sentence was suspended.
In 2004, Shimabukuro returned to manga with a sports/comedy manga, "Ring", which continued for 3 volumes (24 chapters) in "Super Jump" magazine
His current series is , began serialization in "Weekly Shōnen Jump" in 2008 and became one of its top sellers. It was nominated for 2nd Manga Taisho Award 2009. "Toriko" was adapted as an anime series produced by Toei Animation, the first episode premiered on April 3, 2011.
Shimabukuro is friends with Eiichiro Oda, author of "One Piece." In 2011, the two created the "Toriko" and "One Piece" crossover one-shot "Taste of the Devil Fruit". Shimabukuro stated that he came up with the bulk story, with Oda giving suggestions.

</doc>
<doc id="18730840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730840" title="Landesliga Westfalen">
Landesliga Westfalen

The Landesliga Westfalen is a German amateur football division administered by the Westphalian Football and Athletics Association, one of the 21 German state football associations. Being the third level of the Westphalian state association, the Landesliga is currently a level seven division of the German football league system.
History.
The Landesliga was introduced in September 1945 under the name of "1. Division West" as successor to the defunct Gauliga Westfalen. The first season started in February 1946 in an eastern and a western division separated due to geographical considerations. Founding member were those 18 teams that took part in the Gauliga between 1939 and 1944. The first division winners were FC Schalke 04 (western division) and SpVgg Erkenschwick (eastern division). In the first years, the number of divisions varied from one to three, since 1952 the Landesliga was held in five parallel divisions.
Upon its introduction in 1946, the Landesliga was one of the many top level divisions in Germany. During the years, it has become a level seven division in the German football league system. Since 1956 the Landesliga is the feeder league to the Westfalenliga.
Current format.
The 2012-13 season is the first after six decades, the Landesliga format was changed from five to four divisions. The four division winners promote to the Westfalenliga.

</doc>
<doc id="18730844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730844" title="Tomer">
Tomer

Tomer (, "lit." Palm Tree) is a moshav and Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located in the Jordan Valley, it falls under the jurisdiction of Bik'at HaYarden Regional Council. In 2010 it had a population of 483.
The village was established in 1976, and was named after the trees common in the area. In March 1978 it moved to its present location near Highway 90. It is 33 kilometers from Jerusalem.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="18730851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730851" title="John Edwards extramarital affair">
John Edwards extramarital affair

John Edwards, a former United States Senator from North Carolina, and a Democratic Party vice-presidential and presidential candidate, admitted to an extramarital affair in August 2008.
The affair was initially reported in late-2007 by "The National Enquirer", a U.S. supermarket tabloid newspaper, but was given little attention outside the tabloid press and political blogosphere. The "Enquirer" cited claims, from an anonymous source, that Edwards had engaged in an affair with Rielle Hunter, a filmmaker hired to work for his presidential campaign, with a child produced from the relationship. ABC News reported that Andrew Young, a member of Edwards' campaign team, stated that Edwards asked him to "Get a doctor to fake the DNA results ... and to steal a diaper from the baby so he could secretly do a DNA test to find out if this indeed his child."
The allegations, initially published in late-2007, were denied by both Edwards and Hunter. Young claimed paternity of Hunter's daughter, although no father is listed on the child's birth certificate, and Young has subsequently denied it.
In July 2008, several U.S. mainstream media news outlets cited the allegations in relation to Edwards' future political career, as well as in relation to his chances of being selected as a running mate in Barack Obama's 2008 presidential bid. Then, on August 7, 2008, Edwards admitted to ABC News correspondent, Bob Woodruff, that he did have an extended affair with Hunter, but denied that he was the father of Hunter's baby girl. Hunter's sister claimed that Edwards was the father and publicly asked Edwards to take a paternity test to determine whether the child was his.
On January 21, 2010, Edwards issued a statement admitting that he was the father of the child in question. After the admission from Edwards that he fathered a child with Hunter, Edwards' wife, Elizabeth Edwards, announced a separation from her husband, with an intention to file for divorce. On January 25, 2010, the existence of an explicit sex tape, featuring Edwards and Hunter, was publicly reported.
When Edwards first admitted to the affair, he stated that Elizabeth was in remission from breast cancer. However, it became clear that the affair was still ongoing, even after he and his wife made a joint announcement that her cancer had returned and was found to be incurable. Elizabeth Edwards died on December 7, 2010.
Rielle Hunter and the Edwards campaign.
In December 2006, "Newsweek" reported that Hunter had been hired by the Edwards campaign to produce a series of webisodes that portrayed behind-the-scenes life on the campaign trail. Hunter had pitched the idea of creating the series to Edwards when she met him at a bar in New York, where the politician was attending a business meeting. The campaign paid Hunter's production company, Midline Groove, over USD$100,000 for the short documentaries that were uploaded to YouTube upon completion. In 2006, "Business Week" included one of the episodes as a feature in a web video.
The first apparent mention, in print form, of a possible Edwards/Hunter affair, appeared in the "New York Post" on August 27, 2007. The page-six feature published a blind gossip item that asked: "Which political candidate enjoys visiting New York because he has a girlfriend who lives downtown? The poll tells her he'll marry her when his current wife is out of the picture." The mention in the "Post" started a tabloid and blogosphere investigation that eventually led to accusations against Hunter and Edwards.
In September 2007, Sam Stein, a political reporter for "The Huffington Post", reported that the Hunter web documentaries had been removed from the internet and were no longer accessible. Representatives from the Edwards campaign stated that the material could not be used due to campaign finance law. Several days later, "The Huffington Post" reported that the videos had been reposted to YouTube by an anonymous user.
Initial "National Enquirer" allegations.
On October 10, 2007, the "Enquirer" published an article claiming that Edwards had engaged in an extramarital affair with an unnamed female campaign worker. On the same day, Stein published another article in "The Huffington Post" that contained additional details about Hunter, including Hunter's name and the web videos that she had produced. The following day, October 11, "New York" magazine published a piece linking Hunter to the "Enquirer" allegations.
Both Edwards and Hunter denied the relationship claims. Edwards said the "Enquirer" story was "made up", further stating, "I've been in love with the same woman for 30-plus years," referring to his wife Elizabeth, "and as anybody who's been around us knows, she's an extraordinary human being, warm, loving, beautiful, sexy and as good a person as I have ever known. So the story's just false." Hunter's attorney issued a denial via Jerome Armstrong, a political blogger and founder of MyDD, stating, "The innuendos and lies that have appeared on the internet (sic) and in the "National Enquirer" concerning John Edwards are not true, completely unfounded and ridiculous." David Perel, the Editor-in-Chief at the "Enquirer", did not back down from the paper's allegations, stating, "The original story was 100% accurate."
The "Enquirer" published a follow-up story that included a photograph of a visibly pregnant Hunter on December 19, 2007. The "Enquirer" alleged that, according to its anonymous source, Hunter was claiming that Edwards was the father of her child. The article also claimed that Hunter had relocated to a gated community in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, near Andrew Young, a former official with the Edwards campaign, who had claimed paternity of Hunter's child. As with Hunter's initial denial of the affair, Young's paternity claim had been issued to Armstrong and published on MyDD.
CBS News journalist, Bob Schieffer, asked about the allegations on "Imus in the Morning", stating, "I believe that's a story that we will be avoiding, because it appears to me that there's absolutely nothing to it ... This seems to be just sort of a staple of modern campaigns, that you got through at least one love child, which turns out not to be a love child. And I think we can all do better than this one." Mickey Kaus, a journalist at "Slate", speculated that the lack of mainstream coverage was motivated by a desire not to harm Elizabeth Edwards, who was fighting cancer at the time. Kaus also considered the possibility of news organizations taking a "wait-and-see" attitude, pending the results of the Iowa caucuses.
Hotel encounter with reporters.
According to Perel, the "Enquirer" had received information stating that Edwards would be visiting Hunter and her child at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, on the evening of July 21, 2008, and the paper dispatched several reporters to the hotel. The team of "Enquirer" reporters encountered Edwards on the hotel premises sometime after 2 a.m. on the morning of July 22. According to Perel, Edwards, who was not a registered guest of the hotel, retreated from the reporters to a washroom, where he remained until being escorted from the premises by hotel security. The encounter between Edwards and the "Enquirer" reporters was later confirmed by a hotel guard interviewed by Fox News. Edwards' spokespeople did not respond to Fox's request for comment on the incident.
In articles published immediately after the hotel encounter, the "Enquirer" claimed to be in possession of evidence showing that Edwards had visited Hunter and her child in the Hilton for several hours, including a videotape of Hunter entering the room, where she allegedly met Edwards, and one of Edwards leaving the same room. However, the paper declined a request from Fox News to release photos or videotape of the incident. In an interview with "Radar", Perel said that the "Enquirer" would release the photos when "the time is right." The "Enquirer" later stated that it had filed a "criminal complaint" against the hotel's security over its conduct during the encounter, but the Beverly Hills Police Department said that there was no criminal complaint and that only an "incident report" was under investigation.
When Edwards was questioned at a New Orleans event on July 23, 2008, he stated, "I have no idea what you're asking about. I've responded, consistently, to these tabloid allegations by saying I don't respond to these lies and you know that ... and I stand by that." On the same day, Hunter appeared on the television program, "Extra", describing the "Enquirer" story as "completely unfounded and ridiculous".
On August 6, 2008, the "Enquirer" published a blurry photo that allegedly portrayed Edwards holding Hunter's baby.
Media coverage.
Coverage of the allegations.
Aside from the Fox News story on July 25, mainstream news sources did not immediately report the story. Articles describing the "Enquirer" allegations were eventually published by the magazines, "New York" and "Radar". The claims were also mentioned in opinion columns and in-house blogs of several other papers. On July 23, Glenn Beck talked about the story on his program, Headline News, recommending that Edwards sue the "Enquirer" if its story was proven false. On that same day, Roxanne Roberts, a style writer for "The Washington Post", said, "We have no evidence this is true. Lots of juicy details—enough so Edwards may feel he has to address the issue, especially if it's not true and there's an innocent explanation. Or not. That won't stop anyone from talking about it, but let's assume, until we know the facts, that this could be false."
On July 25, in response to a question as to whether "The Washington Post" was investigating the claims, political reporter, Jonathan Weisman, stated, "Yes, and to be quite honest, we're waiting to see the pictures the "Enquirer" says it will publish this weekend. That said, Edwards is no longer an elected official and is not running for any office now. Don't expect wall-to-wall coverage." Meanwhile, on that same day, Kaus, at "Slate", published an e-mail sent to him the day before from Tony Pierce, an editor at the "Los Angeles Times". It was sent to the "Times"' in-house bloggers, and, referring to the Edwards allegations, stated, "I am asking you all not to blog about this topic until further notified." Kaus portrayed the email as a "gag" order. In an online interview, Pierce defended the e-mail, stating that it was the result of a decision by senior editors at the "Times" to allow time for the newspaper's Metro Desk to investigate the allegations. Pierce also pointed out that a "Times" blogger had already posted a story on the "Enquirer" claims.
On August 8, 2008, in response to a high number of e-mails to the "Times", National Editor, Scott Kraft, stated that "this strikes us as a legitimate story". "Times" bloggers subsequently posted a story on the topic.
Over the period of July 27–28, the claims and speculation about the possible impact on Edwards' political career, from the incident thus far, were picked up by several papers outside the U.S., including "The Times", "The Independent", "Der Spiegel", "The Irish Independent", and "The Times of India".
In the American political blogosphere, the story was covered by The Drudge Report, Jack Shafer, Kaus at "Slate", Alex Coppelman at Salon.com, Rachel Sklar Lee Stranahan; (Stranahan also cross-posted his article to "Daily Kos") at "The Huffington Post", independent political pundit, James Joyner, Rod Dreher at "The Dallas Morning News", Paul Mulshine at "The Star-Ledger", and Guy Adams at "The Independent".
Some of the coverage alleged mainstream media bias due to Edwards' Democratic affiliation. Others voiced contempt for tabloid papers like the "Enquirer" and compared the coverage to that of a scandal involving Republican Senator Larry Craig. Others claimed that the "Enquirer" was reliable in regard to scandal reporting, noting the reporting on the Gary Hart/Donna Rice affair, the O. J. Simpson murder case, Jesse Jackson's out-of-wedlock child, and Rush Limbaugh's prescription drug addiction.
Non-coverage was also discussed. Some stated that the non-coverage was motivated by sympathy for Elizabeth Edwards. Several prominent sites criticized the omission of information about the allegations, most notably Gawker.com and the Media Research Center's "NewsBusters" blog, and Roger L. Simon of Pajamas Media, whose posts were linked by Glenn Reynolds at the high-traffic weblog, "Instapundit". For instance, as of August 6, cable television news network, CNN, had not mentioned the story, and MSNBC had mentioned it once. Several pundits stated that Edwards was "fair game" for reporting on the allegations because he had been recently identified as a potential candidate for vice president or attorney general for Obama, and that Edwards himself had made his marital fidelity an issue in his campaign.
Blogosphere claims of a media "blackout" extended to the online reference site, Wikipedia, and its biographical article on Edwards. The Wikipedia biography was later changed to include a mention of the allegations' potential impact on Edwards' political career. The controversy over the Wikipedia page was covered by "Wired" magazine and "Kansas City Star" columnist Aaron Barnhart, who opined the addition of the information to the Wikipedia article influenced later media coverage of the allegations.
On July 31, 2008, a late-night talk program played part of a David Letterman "Top 10" list that alluded to the charges. On the same night, "The O'Reilly Factor" played a clip of a Jay Leno monologue from the "Tonight Show" that mentioned it. Altogether, Fox News had run stories or discussed the matter six times by August 6, more than any other cable news organization.
Edwards' admitting the affair.
On August 8, 2008, in a statement that coincided with the Opening Ceremonies of the 2008 Olympic Games, Edwards admitted to the affair but denied he was the father of the child, expressing his willingness to take a paternity test. His statement included:
In 2006, I made a serious error in judgment and conducted myself in a way that was disloyal to my family and to my core beliefs. I recognized my mistake and I told my wife that I had a liaison with another woman, and I asked for her forgiveness. Although I was honest in every painful detail with my family, I did not tell the public. When a supermarket tabloid told a version of the story, I used the fact that the story contained many falsities to deny it. But being 99 percent honest is no longer enough...
On the same day, Elizabeth Edwards released a statement that first appeared on the liberal blog, "The Daily Kos". The statement said that, in 2006, "John had made a terrible mistake," though she went on to praise her husband for "courage in the face of shame." She also said that she hoped people would watch the interview that aired later that night on the ABC News late-night program, "Nightline", in which her husband admitted the affair to Woodruff. She did, in her statement, criticize the claims that her husband fathered a child as an "absurd lie in a tabloid publication." Elizabeth Edwards' seemingly willing participation in the efforts to cover up the affair have also been called into question. "I think she's complicit," said Brad Crone, a Raleigh-based Democratic consultant. "Obviously, she knew. While she's the victim, she clearly didn't stand in the way of the cover-up."
On August 12, 2008, a friend of Hunter's, Pigeon O'Brien, informed CBS News that Edwards had lied about the timeline of the affair. She claimed the affair began in February 2006, six months earlier than the time Edwards had hired Hunter to start working on his political action committee and when he had claimed that the affair had begun. O'Brien also stated that the affair was not a brief liaison, but a mutual, committed relationship based on love; or so Edwards had led Hunter to believe.
On August 13, 2008, Hunter's sister, Roxanne Druck Marshall, participated in an interview with CBS, in which she personally apologized to John Edwards' wife for her sister's behavior. She also claimed Edwards had lied in his confession, because the affair was of a longer duration than the timeframe that he had claimed and was still ongoing. Marshall also stated that, in the days after the story broke, Edwards provided Hunter and her baby with a new and secret domicile to prevent media reporters from finding her. She also called upon Edwards to tell the complete truth about the affair. During that same day, an article from CBS News was published saying, "CBS News legal analyst, Mickey Sherman, told "Early Show" co-anchor, Maggie Rodriguez, that Edwards may be in legal jeopardy if it could be shown that the funds were used for purposes other than the ones that they had been assigned for. "If you raise money to run for (office)", Sherman explained, "and if you take that money that people have contributed to you based upon the fact that they think their money is going to a presidential candidate, and you give it to a girlfriend of a God-knows-what ... that's a crime. The "New York Daily News" also reported on that same day that, when questioned about the affair by reporters, Mimi Hockman, Hunter's partner in the Midline Groove video production company, "said the contract they signed with John Edwards had a 'hefty' confidentiality clause that bars her from talking." Two days earlier, on August 11, 2008, Hockman had been questioned by reporters from the "Star-Ledger" at her home. According to reporter, John Mooney, "Mary 'Mimi' Hockman reporters, 'Don't waste your time. [...] I'm contractually prohibited from talking to you.
On August 18, 2008, David Carr, news media columnist for "The New York Times", wrote that while the "Enquirer" can be inaccurate, its revelations about the Edwards affair were a service to the public:
"There are some stories, especially ones that occur in the bedroom, where mainstream media outlets sometimes can’t venture—or at least they can’t find it in themselves to lead the charge. But it would be hard to argue that the body politic is not enriched by the recent revelations that Mr. Edwards is not who we thought he was, even balanced against the many stories the Enquirer gets wrong." (Even in his confession, Mr. Edwards wrinkled his nose and suggested that the allegations had originated with "supermarket tabloids", as if the method of conveyance absolved him of the deeds described.)
Birth certificate.
On August 1, 2008, the "Enquirer" published an article naming Hunter's child and mainstream news organizations subsequently obtained a copy of the birth certificate, confirming that a girl had been born at Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital on February 27, 2008. The birth certificate listed the mother's name as "Rielle Jaya James Druck," while the child was given the surname "Hunter"; no father's name was listed. Media reports linked the Druck and Hunter surnames on the birth certificate to conclude that the mother was Rielle Hunter; the reports also noted that the child was born approximately two months after Young's claimed paternity had been announced by Hunter and Young.
When questioned about the omission of the father's name from the birth certificate, Hunter's attorney stated, "A lot of women do that", and that the issue was "a personal matter" between Hunter and Young, before declining to comment further.
In late-July and early-August 2008, news outlets reported that Edwards was avoiding further questions from reporters about the "Enquirer" claims. WCNC-TV, a North Carolina television station, reported that Edwards' political career was "effectively frozen", pending resolution of the allegations.
Payments to Hunter and Young.
In August 2008, Fred Baron, Edwards' campaign finance chairman, told NBC News that he had been providing financial assistance to both Hunter and Young without Edwards' knowledge; he further stated that no campaign funds had been used. Reportedly, Young had also successfully solicited funds from Rachel Lambert Mellon, also known as "Bunny" Mellon, a 99-year-old heiress to the Mellon fortune.
Reactions.
In August 2008, senior figures in the Democratic Party warned that Edwards' failure to respond to the allegations could affect his role at the 2008 Democratic convention. According to Don Fowler, former Democratic National Committee chair, "If there is not an explanation that’s satisfactory, acceptable and meets high moral standards, the answer is 'no,' would not be a prime candidate to make a major address to the convention." Gary Pearce, who ran Edwards' 1998 Senate race, said, "It's a very damaging thing. ... If it's not true, [Edwards has got to stand up and say, 'This is not true. That is not my child and I'm going to take legal action against the people who are spreading these lies.' It's not enough to say, 'That's tabloid trash. Edwards' admission that he engaged in an affair came less than a day after these warnings were published.
Former congressman, David Bonior, Edwards' 2008 presidential campaign manager, stated: "Thousands of friends of the senator and his supporters have put their faith and confidence in him, and he's let them down. They've been betrayed by his action." When asked about Edwards' future in public service, Bonior further stated, "You can't lie in politics and expect to have people's confidence."
Alleged campaign staffers "doomsday" plan.
In May 2009, ABC News political correspondent, George Stephanopoulos, reported that campaign staff members became cognizant of the affair in early-2008. Staff members said that if it appeared Edwards was on his way to winning the Democratic Party nomination, they intended to sabotage it for the benefit of the party. Edwards' senior adviser, Joe Trippi, said this report was "complete bullshit". He added, "No one that I know had such a plan. I wasn't involved in a plan like that, it didn't exist, it's a fantasy." However, in August 2006, several staffers—including Josh Brumberger, Kim Rubey, and David Ginsberg—had strong suspicions about the affair and left the campaign over concerns about Hunter. Rubey and Ginsberg later discussed their obligation to the party to come forward with what they knew, after finding Young's paternity claim unconvincing.
Subsequent events.
A federal grand jury investigated whether any of Edwards' campaign funds were misspent on covering up the affair and, on August 6, 2009, Hunter testified before a federal grand jury in Raleigh, North Carolina.
On January 21, 2010, John Edwards admitted that he was, indeed, Quinn's father. In late January 2010, John and Elizabeth separated. In February 2010, "The National Enquirer" reported that Edwards had proposed to Hunter, but that report was categorically denied by an Edwards spokesperson.
Although Young had previously stated he was the father, he recanted in a book proposal. In a pre-release copy of Young's book, obtained by the "Wall Street Journal", Young revealed that after Edwards and Hunter returned from a trip to Uganda in 2006, Elizabeth answered Edward's mobile to hear Hunter "launch into a romantic monologue." Edwards confessed to having had a one-night stand but did not say with whom. He returned the call in front of his wife to end the affair, but later called Hunter back to say he did not mean it. Young also revealed that Edwards had confided in him about wanting to leave "crazy Elizabeth", but could not, as she engaged with American voters better than he did.
Rielle Hunter also released a book about the relationship and announced her breakup with Edwards on the day of the book's release in 2012.
Legal proceedings.
On June 3, 2011, Edwards was indicted by a North Carolina grand jury on six felony charges. Edwards faced a maximum sentence of thirty years in prison and a $1.5 million fine, or a USD250,000 fine and/or five years imprisonment per charge. The indictment came after the failure of intensive negotiations for a plea bargain agreement. The agreement would have meant that Edwards would have been required to plead guilty to three misdemeanor campaign finance law violations, in addition to a six-month prison sentence, but would have allowed Edwards to keep his law license.
After delays, due to John Edwards' medical condition, jury selection for the trial began on April 12, 2012. Opening arguments began on April 23, 2012. A verdict (not guilty on one count and a mistrial on the remaining five) to the trial was reached on May 31, 2012.
The trial was criticized by Republicans, such as Michael Steele and Joe Scarborough, who referred to the procedure as "an absolute waste of resources."

</doc>
<doc id="18730853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730853" title="Páll á Reynatúgvu">
Páll á Reynatúgvu

Páll á Reynatúgvu (born 26 July 1967), is a Faroese politician, and former football player, currently serving as a member of the Faroese Parliament.
He was elected for the first time in 1998, and then again in 2002, when he assumed the position as Minister of Health and Social Affairs.
After being re-elected in 2004, he became a member of ""Fíggjarnevndin"" (Financial Committee of the Løgting).
At the 2008 parliamentary elections á Reynatúgvu was not re-elected, but he got a seat in the parliament at from time to time after all, when Anita á Fríðriksmørk took a maternity leave, and when his party was a part of the Landsstýri, then he was next on the list to get a seat in the parliament. Before Páll á Reynatúgvu was elected for the Løgting in 2011, he was president of the SEV, which provides the Faroe Islands with electricity. He had to quit this job, because the Faroese law does not allow a person to be a member of the Løgting and at the same time to be a member of a governmental owned institution or company.
Football career.
Páll á Reynatúgvu was a football player earlier, he played as a midfieler for his local football club, B71 Sandur from 1987 to 2003, and one match in 2009. For a few seasons, he also served as the team's captain. With his club, he won Faroese League in 1989 and Faroese Cup 1993.
In 1993 Páll á Reynatúgvu played 5 matches for the Faroe Islands national football team, four of these games were 1994 FIFA World Cup qualifiers and one was a friendly match.
In 1996/97 Páll á Reynatúgvu played two matches with B71 Sandur against APOEL Nicosia from Cyprus in the Champions League. Apoel Nicosia won both matches, but in the away match B71 took a 2-1 lead with goals from Eli Hentze and Páll á Reynatúgvu. APOEL F.C. won the match 4-2.

</doc>
<doc id="18730877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730877" title="Leon Boyd">
Leon Boyd

Leon Boyd (born August 30, 1983 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian-born Dutch baseball player currently playing for Corendon Kinheim in the Honkbal Hoofdklasse. He is most often recognized for his accomplishments for the Dutch national team at the 2009 World Baseball Classic.
Baseball career.
B.C. Premier Baseball League.
Boyd was a starting pitcher for the White Rock Tritons of the British Columbia Premier Baseball League for three seasons.
College career.
Boyd began his college baseball career playing for the Treasure Valley Community College in Ontario, Oregon during the season. He played only one season for the Chukars before transferring to Seminole State Community College in Oklahoma for the season. He would transfer again in , this time to play for the Armstrong Atlantic State University Pirates. He played two seasons for the Pirates in 2004 and where he was used exclusively as a relief pitcher. Over these two seasons, he appeared in 34 games and compiled a 3.44 ERA with 104 strikeouts in 115 innings pitched.
2006: Hoboken Pioneers.
Despite his Dutch family ties and a strong desire to play baseball in the Netherlands, Boyd was not pursued by any Hoofdklasse clubs, even after numerous attempts to contact them after his college career was over. Instead, he went on to play for the Hoboken Pioneers in Belgium where he had an extremely successful season. Not only did he accumulate an 11–1 win-loss record with a 0.84 ERA and 156 strikeouts in just 96 innings pitched, but he also hit .421 with 2 home runs in 38 at bats for the Pioneers, who finished the season as the national runner up.
Following his strong season in Belgium, Boyd was picked up by the Dutch national team to play in the 2006 Intercontinental Cup in Taichung, Taiwan. Despite his 0–2 record, Boyd had a 2.63 ERA and led the Nethalnds in innings pitched. Against Cuba, he took the loss in a 3–2 defeat where he allowed four hits and one run in IP of relief after replacing Rob Cordemans. Three days later, he allowed just one run in six innings against Japan but again lost as the Dutch were shut out. His final appearance of the tournament came against Australia, where he struck out 7 and allowed one run in six innings in a no-decision as the Netherlands won 4–3.
2007: DOOR Neptunus.
After being scouted by and in contract talks with several hoofdklasse teams, Boyd ended up signing with Neptunus. He made an extremely strong debut during the 2007 regular season when he posted a 9–0 record with no home runs allowed in over 66 innings. His statistical totals in wins (9, tied with tied Vaughan Harris and Diego Markwell for second-most), ERA (1.22, behind only relievers Duko Jansen and Chris Ryan) and strikeouts (61, tied with former major leaguer Eddie Oropesa for sixth overall) were among the league leaders. He was a finalist for the Pitcher of the Year Award, but lost out to David Bergman in part due to missing a month of the season with a back muscle strain. Despite his initial success, Boyd suffered two losses during the first round of the playoffs as Neptunus was upset by the Pioniers.
In the 2007 World Port Tournament, Boyd earned the World Port Tournament Best Pitcher award, allowing only five hits in 15 IP and won twice, including a masterful complete game shutout of the Chinese Taipei National team facing only 28 batters. He was 2–0 with a 0.93 ERA in the 2007 European Baseball Championship, helping the Netherlands win Gold. He was with the team for the 2007 Baseball World Cup, going 1–1 with a 2.55 ERA and a team-high 14 strikeouts for the 4th-place squad. He had a solid game but received a no-decision against the Australian national team when closer Michiel van Kampen couldn't hold a 3–2 lead in the 9th. He had another fine appearance allowing one run in six innings in a crucial win over the South Korean national team and matched Tadashi Settsu (the eventual pitcher of the tournament) with five scoreless frames in the Bronze Medal game before allowing 2 runs in the 6th, and being shutout 5–0 by the Japanese.
2008: Beijing Olympics.
On June 12, 2008, Boyd threw a no-hitter against the Amsterdam Pirates. He allowed two runs, one unearned, thanks to 3 walks, 2 hit batsmen and 3 errors by his team. Shortly thereafter, Boyd had a 4.50 ERA in the 2008 European Baseball Cup in Regensburg. He was knocked out early in a win against the host Buchbinder Legionäre and did not get a decision in the Cup. 
Head coach Robert Eenhoorn selected Boyd to pitch for the Netherlands at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. In their second game of the tournament against the United States, Boyd entered the game during the 8th inning with the bases loaded and one out after Dave Draijer was struck by a batted ball on the right forearm. He induced two groundouts, resulting in only a single run for the United States. He returned to pitch the top of the 9th inning, and after yielding a leadoff single to Terry Tiffee, Boyd retired the next three batters, including Matt LaPorta by strikeout. However, a two-hour rain delay forced the game to be called during the Dutch half of the 9th inning. As a result Boyd's statistics during the 9th inning are unofficial, as the score reverted to the last completed inning.
Boyd made his second appearance of the tournament on August 16, 2008 when he was the starting pitcher against China. He struck out six batters in six innings, yielding only six hits and two runs in the process. The win was the only victory the Dutch earned all tournament.
2009.
World Baseball Classic.
Boyd was selected once again to represent the Dutch national team at the 2009 World Baseball Classic. Although he has primarily been a starter throughout his career, Boyd was asked by head coach Rod Delmonico to serve as the closer for the Netherlands. During the first round of the tournament held at Hiram Bithorn Stadium in San Juan, Puerto Rico, Boyd entered three separate games during tense, late-inning pressure situations, including two of which he ended up as the pitcher of record.
In the Netherlands' first game of the tournament on March 7, 2009 against the heavily favored Dominican Republic, Boyd pitched the 9th inning and earned the save with a game-ending strikeout of Jose Bautista. Two days later, he entered a game against Puerto Rico with the bases loaded and only one out in the 8th inning, only to give up a two-run double to Yadier Molina and an RBI-single to Jesus Feliciano. The very next day, Boyd rebounded yo earn the win in a 2–1 extra-innings Dutch victory that eliminated the Dominicans from the tournament.
Although the Dutch advanced to play in Round 2 of the tournament at Dolphin Stadium in Miami, Florida, Boyd would not make his fourth appearance of the tournament until the 6th inning of an elimination game against the United States. Despite giving up a home run to Adam Dunn, Boyd struck out both David Wright and Ryan Braun in his one inning of relief.
New Hampshire Fisher Cats.
Following his strong pitching performance in the tournament, Boyd was signed by the Toronto Blue Jays to a minor-league contract. Although he was temporarily reassigned to the Dunedin Blue Jays of the Florida State League for an 8-game appearance early in the year, Boyd played the bulk of the 2009 season as a member of the Jays AA-affiliate, the New Hampshire Fisher Cats. He finished the year with a 1–6 win-loss record, a 4.76 ERA, 51 strikeouts and 6 saves in over 64 innings for the two clubs.
2010.
The Blue Jays released Boyd in March 2010 and subsequently resigned with Neptunus. According to Boyd, his release was affected by his high walk count and the Jays' trading of Roy Halladay to the Philadelphia Phillies in December 2009.
With the release of Roy Halladay the Blue Jays brought in many potential bottom rotation, triple A caliber potential big league replacements.
2013.
He joined the Dutch National team for the 2013 World Baseball Classic.
Personal life.
Growing up, Boyd attended high school at Earl Marriott Secondary School in South Surrey, British Columbia. Although he was born in Canada, Leon received his Dutch passport in December, 2005, as a result of his mother being born and raised in the Netherlands. Boyd's father, Sean, played ice hockey in the Netherlands from 1971 to 1974 and met Leon's mother, Wilma, there. Boyd married American softball player Jeana Short on March 8, 2008. He has an older sister, Nadine.

</doc>
<doc id="18730882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730882" title="Wyman (MCC cricketer)">
Wyman (MCC cricketer)

Wyman (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 2 known appearances in major cricket matches in 1791.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC).

</doc>
<doc id="18730894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730894" title="Chinese Taipei Amateur Radio League">
Chinese Taipei Amateur Radio League

The Chinese Taipei Amateur Radio League (CTARL) (in traditional Chinese, 中華民國業餘無線電促進會) is a national non-profit organization based in Taiwan for amateur radio enthusiasts in the Republic of China. Key membership benefits of the organization include QSL bureau services and a monthly membership magazine called "HamFormosa", CTARL represents the interests of amateur radio operators before telecommunications authorities in the Republic of China as well as international authorities. CTARL is the member society representing the Republic of China in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18730910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730910" title="Liasis mackloti savuensis">
Liasis mackloti savuensis

Liasis mackloti savuensis is a non-venomous python subspecies found in Indonesia.
Geographic range.
The type locality given is "Savu Id." (=Sawoe, Indonesia).

</doc>
<doc id="18730913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730913" title="Erinn Smart">
Erinn Smart

Erinn Smart (born January 12, 1980) is an American fencer who was a member of the United States Fencing Team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she competed in the women's individual and team foil events. Smart is 5 feet, 7 inches tall, weighs 125 pounds, and is coached by Buckie Leach. Smart's brother Keeth is also a nationally ranked competitive fencer who also started fencing with the Peter Westbrook Foundation. As of 2012, Smart is dating Fueled's Head of Product, Andrew McLeod.
Fencing career.
Smart was born in New York City, New York, and lived on Ocean Avenue in Brooklyn. Before taking up fencing, she had taken ballet, ice skating, tennis and track. After her father, an employee at "Sports Illustrated", learned about a program aimed at encouraging minority participation in fencing, she began to take up the sport at age 11 at the Peter Westbrook Foundation, whose founder, Olympic saber bronze-medalist Peter Westbrook, has been her mentor. Her brother Keeth, 18 months her senior, took up the sport six months later.
Smart graduated from Brooklyn Technical High School, as a chemistry major, in 1997. She attended Barnard College at Columbia University in Manhattan, graduating in 2001 with a degree in economics. She was recognized as an NCAA All-American at Columbia. She worked for Lord Abbett, a financial firm, following the 2004 Olympics. She is attending Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and plans to graduate in 2013.
Smart was the United States National Champion in 1998, 2002, 2004 and 2008, and was ranked 11th at the 2003 World Championships. Both Smarts won at the 2004 U.S. Fencing National Championships in Atlanta, Georgia, with Erinn edging Hanna Thompson 13–11 in the semifinals, and then defeating three-time former Olympian Ann Marsh by 15–7 in the tournament final to take the title.
Smart was selected as an alternate for the United States team at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, but did not participate in competition. She outpointed sisters Iris and Felicia Zimmerman to earn a spot on the United States team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.
Both Erinn and her brother Keeth were part of the United States team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. Both won silver medals in their team events.

</doc>
<doc id="18730927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730927" title="Ro'i">
Ro'i

Ro'i () is a moshav and Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located in the Jordan Valley, it falls under the jurisdiction of Bik'at HaYarden Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 128.
The village was established in September 1976 as a Nahal settlement, and was converted to a civilian moshav two years later. Its name is an acronym for Ramat Uzi Yairi, a former commander of the IDF's Paratroopers Brigade who was killed in the Savoy Operation in 1975.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="18730949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730949" title="Death row (disambiguation)">
Death row (disambiguation)

Death row most commonly refers to the section of a prison where inmates await execution, or the state of awaiting execution (""being on death row"").
Death row may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18730958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730958" title="USS Oneota (AN-85)">
USS Oneota (AN-85)

USS "Oneota" (YN-110/AN-85) was a "Cohoes"-class net laying ship which was assigned to protect U.S. Navy ships and harbors during World War II with her anti-submarine nets. Her World War II career was short due to the war coming to an end, but she was retained post-war sufficiently long to participate in atomic testing at Bikini Atoll.
Constructed in Minnesota.
"Oneota" (AN–85), originally designated "YN–110", was laid down 9 February 1944 by the Marine Iron and Shipbuilding Co., Duluth, Minnesota; named Oneota, 26 February 1944; launched 27 May 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Peter S. Rudie; and commissioned 12 March 1945, Lt. Robert W. Morgan in command.
World War II related service.
On 10 April 1945 "Oneota" steamed out into Lake Superior en route to the St. Lawrence River and the Atlantic Ocean. Arriving Boston, Massachusetts, early in May, she remained in southern New England waters for a month, then headed for the Pacific Ocean.
Post-war service.
Between 25 July 1945 and 21 January 1946 she operated along the U.S. West Coast from the Naval Net Depot, Tiburon, California, and on 29 January she arrived at Pearl Harbor for a 2 month stay.
Assigned to Joint Task Unit (JTU) 1.2.7, the salvage group for Operation Crossroads in March, she steamed for Bikini Atoll on the 22nd. There on 2 April she joined others of her task group in preparing nearby waters for atomic tests Able and Baker. Until July she planted moorings and assisted in the arrangement of target vessels. 
Following the tests of 1 and 25 July, she participated in salvage operations and, on 26 August, departed for Kwajalein and Guam. Between 13 September and 15 October she plied between Guam and Rota, then steamed east for the United States.
Post-war inactivation.
After stays at Pearl Harbor and San Francisco, California, she arrived at San Diego, California, 26 January 1947, for inactivation. Decommissioned 6 February, she remained at San Diego as a unit of the Pacific Reserve Fleet until transferred to the U.S. Maritime Administration's National Defense Reserve Fleet and laid up at Suisun Bay 7 November 1962. She was eventually struck from the Navy List (date unknown); her fate is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18730968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730968" title="Hangö Idrottsklubb">
Hangö Idrottsklubb

Hangö Idrottsklubb (aka Hangö IK, or HIK for short) is a sports club from Hanko, Finland. The club was founded in 1903. It's best known for its football team which has played one season in the Finnish premier division Mestaruussarja, in 1962, and a number of seasons in the second tier Ykkönen. Their home ground is located at the Rukki Arena. The club also has activities in handball, athletics, table tennis and powerlifting.
History.
HIK was formed in 1903 which establishes them as one of the oldest clubs in the south-west of Finland. They have a long football history which reached its summit with one season in the highest division, the Mestaruussarja (Championship), back in 1962. They have also had 13 seasons in the Suomisarjaa (Finland League) which at that time was the second tier of Finnish football in 1939, 1948, 1955–61 and 1963-66. They also have played 6 seasons at the same level more recently in the Ykkönen from 1996 until 2001.
In 1996 HIK came within a whisker of reaching the Veikkausliiga (Finnish Premier League) by winning the Ykkönen South Group (Etelälohko) and then losing the Promotion Play-Off 2-8 on aggregate with TP Seinäjoki. They then lost 1-2 on aggregate to HJK Helsinki in the Promotion/Relegation Playoff. In 1999 and 2000 the club were again very close indeed in gaining promotion to the Veikkausliiga finishing top of the Ykkönen South Group (Etelälohko) but on each occasion failed to progress in the Promotion Play-Offs. Sadly in 2002 the club withdrew from the Ykkönen and dropped to the Kolmonen where they have subsequently remained.
HIK have had three periods covering 17 seasons in the Kakkonen (Second Division), the third tier of Finnish football from 1973–75, 1981–84 and 1986-95.
The highest ever attendance for a HIK match was in 1962 when 2,551 people attended the home game with MIFK.
Junior Section.
HIK has a thriving junior section with a large number of teams. The flagship event run by the club is the Itämeri Cup tournament which in 2010 will be held from Friday 30 July until Sunday 1 August. This junior event has been a great success from the outset. Another event run by the club in the winter months is the Hanko Cup.
Club Structure.
HIK currently has 2 men's team, 10 boys teams and 2 girls team.

</doc>
<doc id="18730974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730974" title="Whitemud River">
Whitemud River

The Whitemud River is a small highly meandering river in southwest Manitoba. It begins at the junction of Stony Creek and Boggy Creek in Neepawa and flows east to Arden, Gladstone, Westbourne and discharges into Lake Manitoba at Lynchs Point. Its total drainage area is about .
Other major streams feeding the river include the Big Grass River, Pine Creek, Squirrel Creek, Westbourne Drain and Rat Creek.
The precise origin of the name is not known. Alexander Henry (1799) referred to it as Rivier Terre Blanche meaning White Earth or Mud River. Geographic Board of Canada correspondence from a Mr. Garrioch of Portage la Prairie in 1905 indicates that White Mud River got its name from the colour of the clay and soil along its banks.
The river's depth ranges from a few centimeters in the summer to several meters in flood events. Fish species known to inhabit the river include northern pike, white suckers, flathead minnows, emerald shiners as well as others.
Flows vary dramatically from year to year. The peak flow measured at Westbourne in April, 1979 was 11,100 cubic feet per second and zero flow has been measured on several occasions. Annual runoff volume has varied from in 1989 to in 2001. The mean volume recorded at Westbourne is . This is equivalent to about 30.7 mm of runoff from the entire watershed or about 6% of the total annual precipitation.
Whitemud River in Westbourne

</doc>
<doc id="18730996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18730996" title="Louis Teicher">
Louis Teicher

Louis Milton Teicher (August 24, 1924, Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania - August 3, 2008, Highlands, North Carolina) was an American piano player, half of the duo Ferrante & Teicher. 
Teicher died of heart failure at his summer home. He was 83.
"No one was more blessed than I to have Lou Teicher as my best friend since we met at the Juilliard School of Music at the ages of 9 and 6. Although we were two individuals, at the twin pianos our brains worked as one. Lou was certainly one of the world's most gifted pianists. I will miss him dearly and as pianists it's ironic how we both ended up living on keys," his longtime partner Arthur Ferrante, who lived on Longboat Key, Florida, said in a statement at the time of Teicher's death. Ferrante subsequently died on September 19, 2009.
Teicher had been a resident of Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey in the 1970s.
Teicher is survived by his widow, Betty, as well as his former wife, Elaine Sutin, a professional violinist with both the New York Pops and the Sutton Ensemble, and three children, Richard, Susan and David, and four grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="18731000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731000" title="Patricia Brocker">
Patricia Brocker

Patricia Brocker (née Grigoli, born 7 April 1966) is a former German football player. 
Patricia Brocker played as a student for FSV Jägersburg, later for VfR 09 Saarbrücken and TuS Niederkirchen. Her biggest club level success was the German Championship in 1993. In 1992, she debuted for the Germany women's national football team in a match against Italy. Brocker scored 31 goals in her 46 appearances, her last against Brazil in 1996. She won the European Championship in 1995 and was runner-up at the 1995 Women's World Cup. She also participated with the German team at the 1996 Summer Olympics. In 2001, she returned to her youth club FSV Jägersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="18731009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731009" title="Ecuadorian Civilian Space Agency">
Ecuadorian Civilian Space Agency

The Ecuadorian Civilian Space Agency (EXA; ) is a private Ecuadorian organization founded in 2007 that conducts research on space and planetary sciences. It is a non-profit non-governmental organization with civilian oversight.
EXA had tested microgravity via parabolic flight with the Ecuadorian Air Force and Space Adventures. EXA launched Ecuador's first satellite, the CubeSat NEE-01 Pegaso, in April 2013 aboard a Chinese Long March 2D. Its second satellite, the follow-on CubeSat NEE-02 Krysaor, is planned for launch from Russia in November 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18731010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731010" title="Delivery point (futures trading)">
Delivery point (futures trading)

In a futures contract where the underlying is a physical object, such as grain or oil, the price of the futures contract is quoted assuming delivery of that physical object to a specific physical location in the world. For instance, natural gas futures in the United States usually have the Henry Hub as a delivery point, and gold may have a delivery point of New York or London. Futures contracts that differ only in the delivery point will typically have slightly different prices, reflecting localized supply and demand and transportation costs.
West Texas Intermediate crude oil has a delivery point to Cushing, Oklahoma.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18731012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731012" title="Transcom WorldWide">
Transcom WorldWide

Transcom WorldWide S.A. is a customer relationship management and debt collection company founded in 1995 by Kinnevik. Operations are located in Europe, North and South America, Asia and Africa. Transcom employs over 29,000 people throughout its 62 sites worldwide. Johan Eriksson was appointed as CEO and President on December 2011.
Locations.
Transcom WorldWide is present in 75 contact centers in the following countries: Austria, Belgium, Canada, Chile, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, the Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Serbia, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Tunisia, United Kingdom, and the USA
Acquisitions.
On 27 August 2007, Transcom announced that it had acquired 100% of NuComm International for $90 million CAD (€63 million). An initial payment of $50 million CAD (€35 million) was paid with the remainder being subject to a two tier earn-out ending in December 2008. The earn-out was based on a multiple of operating profit, capped at a maximum of 9x EBIT for the complete deal.
NuComm had revenues of $122 million CAD (€85 million) for the twelve months ended 31 July 2007. Réal Bergevin, the founder and CEO of NuComm, signed a contract to remain with the business under the new ownership.

</doc>
<doc id="18731020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731020" title="Hermann Eberhard">
Hermann Eberhard

Hermann Eberhard (born in Ohlau, Silesia, 27 February 1852 – 30 May 1908) was a 19th-century German explorer credited with western discovery of considerable lands in Patagonia, Chile. Eberhard journeyed by boat up the Seno Última Esperanza to investigate lands previously unknown to Europeans. Eberhard is credited with the discovery of prehistoric remains of the Giant sloth at the Cueva del Milodon Natural Monument. The waters of the Seno Última Esperanza would have been much higher and thus closer to the Milodon caves in the early Holocene, the epoch to which the milodon bones are dated.

</doc>
<doc id="18731021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731021" title="Charles Cordell">
Charles Cordell

Charles Cordell (b. 5 October 1720; d. at Newcastle-on-Tyne, 26 January 1791) was an English Roman Catholic priest.
Life.
He was the son of Charles Cordell and Hannah Darrell, of the Cordell family of Scotney Castle and Calehill, Kent. He was educated first at "Dame Alice's School", Fernyhalgh, afterwards at Douai College, where, in 1739, he began his course of philosophy. 
Having been ordained priest, he left the college 10 June 1748, for England, where he served the mission at Arundel (1748–55), Rounday, in Yorkshire, the Isle of Man, and finally Newcastle-on-Tyne (1765–91). In 1778 the presidency of the English college at Saint-Omer was offered to him, but he would not accept it. 
He was a scholarly, book-loving man, of some note as a preacher. In politics he remained a staunch Jacobite. 
Works.
He published many translations and one original pamphlet, "A Letter to the Author of a Book called 'A Candid and Impartial Sketch of the Life and Government of Pope Clement XIV'" (1785). The translations include 

</doc>
<doc id="18731024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731024" title="Universal Declaration on Animal Welfare">
Universal Declaration on Animal Welfare

The Universal Declaration on Animal Welfare (UDAW) is a proposed inter-governmental agreement to recognise that animals are sentient, to prevent cruelty and reduce suffering, and to promote standards on the welfare of animals such as farm animals, companion animals, animals in scientific research, draught animals, wildlife animals and animals in recreation.
It is proposed that a UDAW be adopted by the United Nations. If endorsed by the UN (as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights was) the UDAW would be a non-binding set of principles that acknowledges the importance of the sentience of animals and human responsibilities towards them. The principles were designed to encourage and enable national governments to introduce and improve animal protection legislation and initiatives. 
It has been argued that a UDAW is consistent with, and could help secure the achievement of, the UN Millennium Development Goals.
This should not be confused with the Universal Declaration of Animal Rights (UDAR) or the Universal Charter of the Rights of Other Species (2000) 
History.
The UDAW was conceived by the World Society for the Protection of Animals (WSPA), which now acts as its Secretariat. It is supported by four main partners: the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (ASPCA), Compassion in World Farming, the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) and the Humane Society of the United States (HSUS). 
In 2003, the Manila Conference on Animal Welfare was attended by 19 government delegations with the European Council, United States and Saipan as observers. A foundation text for a UDAW was agreed. 
In 2005, the UDAW inter-governmental steering committee was formed and representatives of the governments of Kenya, India, Costa Rica, Czech Republic and the Republic of the Philippines agreed to champion the initiative. 
They lead a group of governments whose officials have stated support in the following years, including Australia, Cambodia, Fiji, Latvia, Lithuania, New Zealand, Poland, Slovenia, Tanzania, and the UK.
In 2007, the World Organisation for Animal Health (OIE) decided to support a UDAW, as did the Commonwealth Veterinary Association (CVA) and the Federation of Veterinarians of Europe (FVE). In August 2008, the national veterinary associations of Chile, New Zealand, the UK, the Philippines, Thailand and Colombia have all given public backing for a UDAW.
In April 2008, Eric Martlew MP put forward an early day motion in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom that “calls upon the Government to give its full and stated support for this initiative, including active support within the European Union and the United Nations.”
In 2011 a new draft was proposed, taking into account "feedback from UN Member states, international organizations and non-governmental organizations. It develops the earlier draft arising from the Manila conference on animal welfare (2003) and the Costa Rica draft (2005) which incorporated suggestions made by the Steering Committee."
Historical background.
The lack of success in shaping internationally binding charters on animal rights has not been for want of trying. People in modern times have attempted to identify and advance the rights of animals at least since the 18th century. Credit usually goes to Henry Salt (1851–1939) for writing the first book on animal rights, published in 1892 and subsequently. And Salt traces efforts back to John Lawrence (1753–1839), one of the earliest modern writers on animal rights and welfare. Lawrence argued in his 1796 book, A Philosophical and Practical Treatise on Horses and the Moral Duties of Man Towards Brute Creation (T N Longman: London), that we have to care for animals and common law should support this principle in practice
The 20th century saw a number of international declarations supporting animal rights. Perhaps the most prominent venture was the announcement (The Times, 17 October) in 1978 at the United Nation’s Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) headquarters in Paris of the Universal Declaration of Animal Rights. Among the Declaration's pronouncements were that all animals have the same rights to existence, no animal shall be ill-treated or subject to cruelty, animals shall command the protection of law, and dead animals shall be treated with respect. The Declaration, however, waned and faded away before it could reach significant levels of international agreement.
More recently some of the world's leading animal welfare organisations have started campaigning for the United Nations to adopt a new declaration. This time the declaration is on the welfare of animals: the Universal Declaration on Animal Welfare. Why welfare and not rights? Probably because welfare is a softer option than rights and therefore easier for people to accept. Thus it has a better chance of endorsement and of enduring.
The animal organisations behind this new declaration envisage that signatory countries to the document will recognise animals as sentient beings. They hope their declaration will make animal welfare an important global issue, pioneer the way for legally binding international agreements on animal welfare and hasten a better deal for animals worldwide. Their declaration would also underscore the importance of animal welfare as part of the moral development of humanity. So far a number of United Nations member states are acting as a steering group to advance the initiative at the UN. See Universal Declaration on Animal Welfare, below, for a draft copy.
Overview of the proposed declaration.
A draft text of the declaration calls for:
The principles of the declaration are:
Public campaign.
The public campaign to gain support for a UDAW, branded ‘Animals Matter’, was launched in June 2006. It reached one million signatures in December 2007 with the President of Costa Rica, Sr. Oscar Arias, becoming the official one millionth signatory and hosting celebrations in San José, Costa Rica in March 2008.
As opposed to DUBA: organizations that defenders animal's rights around the world hope that the UN approves the DUDA (Universal Declaration of Animal Rights) that differs from the UDAW arguing that animals have rights and not only freedoms, this including to the state's duty to preserve those rights and not just the owners of these animals banishing population control using euthanasia.
Escuchar
Leer fonéticamente
Diccionario - Ver diccionario detallado
Notes and references.
http://www.zoosavvy.com/universal-declaration-animals.html
http://www.wspa.org.uk/Images/Proposed_UDAW_Text%20-%20ENGLISH_tcm9-2544.pdf#false
Further reading.
Appleby, M.C. and Sherwood, L. (2007) "Animal Welfare Matters to Animals, People and the Environment: The case for a Universal Declaration on Animal Welfare", London: WSPA.

</doc>
<doc id="18731031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731031" title="Ackbar Abbas">
Ackbar Abbas

Ackbar Abbas is a professor of comparative literature at the University of California, Irvine. Previously he was chair of comparative literature at the University of Hong Kong and also co-director of the Centre for the Study of Globalization and Cultures.
His research interests include globalization, Hong Kong and Chinese culture, architecture, cinema, postcolonialism, and critical theory. His book "Hong Kong: Culture and the Politics of Disappearance" was published by the University of Minnesota Press in 1997.
He previously served as a Contributing Editor to "Public Culture," an academic journal published by Duke University Press.
Education.
Ackbar Abbas holds an MPhil from the University of Hong Kong.
Contributions.
Abbas has written extensively on Hong Kong culture, architecture, and cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="18731037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731037" title="Grigol Dolidze">
Grigol Dolidze

Grigol Dolidze (born 25 October 1982 in Lanchkhuti) is a Georgian footballer, who currently plays for Zestafoni. 
International career.
He has been capped 3 time for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="18731043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731043" title="Publishers Licensing Society">
Publishers Licensing Society

The Publishers Licensing Society (PLS) is a not-for-profit organisation that represents book, magazine and journal publishers based in the United Kingdom. PLS works to ensure that publishers are fairly compensated for any copying of their works through the collective licensing scheme, among other rights management services, which have become an increasing important secondary revenue stream for publishers. The society was established in 1981.
PLS distributed £33.5m to publishers from collective licensing in 2012–13, and they work to encourage innovation and good practice in rights management, whether that is in print or online.
Operations overview.
PLS represents the interests of publishers in the collective licensing of photocopying, scanning and digital copying. Together with the Authors' Licensing and Collecting Society or ALCS, which looks after authors’ interests, PLS owns and directs The Copyright Licensing Agency and works in partnership with the Design and Artists Copyright Society.
PLS’s core function is to:
Governance and authority.
PLS currently has direct authority from over 3,000 publishers based in the UK (October 2013). It has three owners/ members: the Association of Learned and Professional Society Publishers, the Periodical Publishers Association and the Publishers Association. The PLS Board consists of three senior representatives from each of the publishing trade associations. There are ten Board members in total including the CEO who is an executive director. Two thirds of the Board members are senior executives from publishing houses. As the trade associations are representative of the UK publishing industry, this ensures that the PLS Board is also representative of the UK publishing industry.
PLS also represents publishers that have not yet signed the PLS mandate, but whose works have been copied. PLS will collect royalties for those publishers and hold them on trust until they can be paid to the rightful owners.
In turn, PLS gives authority to CLA to include publishers’ rights within the collective licences that it sells to information users; typically educational institutions, government departments and businesses in the UK. PLS distributes copyright royalties back to publishers by way of distributions.
History and collective licensing.
With the introduction of the dry photocopier in the early 1970s, the situation on control of copyright in the UK’s main institutions ran out of control. Machines appeared everywhere and infringements proliferated.
A committee was formed, chaired by Mr Justice Whitford, on Copyright and Design Law and asked to investigate the situation. It reported early in 1977 and recommended collective copyright licensing as the solution. It also recommended the abolition of the fair dealing and library privilege exceptions. This was dearly desired by publishers but never achieved. Political pressure from information-users was always too great.
Later that year, the Publishers' Association (PA) convened a Committee chaired by Lord Wolfenden, formerly Vice Chancellor of Reading University and Director of the British Museum, to look at the implementation of the Whitford proposals on licensing. Represented on the Committee where the PA, the PPA, ALPSP, the Music Publishers Association, the Society of Authors, the Writers Guild and the Composer Guild. The newspaper associations were invited to join but declined to participate.
Publishers were initially unresponsive to the concept of collective licensing, particularly on a blanket basis. And at an early stage, the Music Publishers Association and the Composers Guild withdrew from the Wolfenden Committee. They conducted two successful and much publicised actions against infringement by photocopying at a public school. This encouraged them to think that the best solution was to issue a Code of Practice backed by legal action rather than licensing. Printed music was excluded from the collective licence. To this day music publishers have never returned.
The Wolfenden Committee made licensing of schools its first objective. The Scottish local authorities always recognised the necessity of licensing. In England and Wales, however, long arguments persisted that all their multiple copying was legal because it did not represent substantial parts of works. The only course of action was to resort to law. A case came to hand over the copying of technical drawings in Manchester local authority. The local authorities backed down and agreed to negotiate a licence. So did the universities, where solicitors’ letters had been issued over similar infringements.
Lord Wolfenden bowed out of the scene and leading copyright lawyer Denis de Freitas was asked to work on the structure of the licensing agency. Publishers wanted there to be an agency, but authors insisted a forceful language from the President, Lord Willis, that all their payments must go through ALCS. It was therefore necessary to form the Publishers Licensing Society, established in 1981, to manage publishers’ rights and pay publishers accordingly.
Setting up a licensing structure on the publishing side had been met by loans from the PA and PPA. When the Copyright Licensing Agency was formed, PLS passed all administration of collective licensing to the new body. Colin Hadley was appointed as the Manager of CLA. PLS was deliberately run as a low key operation in contrast to ALCS. Eventually the profile of PLS was raised by expanding the management team.
The Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 was a landmark and demonstrated the wisdom of having put the societies and licensing agency in place. The whole principle of licensing was endorsed and written into legislation via Chapter VII of the 1988 Act.
In April 2008 collective licensing completed a full circle with the launch of the first licenses in UK to cover the copying, or re-use, of digital material – the first of their kind to be developed in Europe.
Despite some operational tensions over rights and licensing proposals between PLS and CLA over the years, the creation of the two organisations has been a great success and now raises many millions of pounds each year for publishers. Important to the success of PLS have been the avoidance by the principles (ALPSP, PA, & PPA) of any attempt to undermine each other's position and their willingness to consult with publishers to ensure that the various proposals were acceptable.

</doc>
<doc id="18731095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731095" title="Carl Wilhelm von Heideck">
Carl Wilhelm von Heideck

Carl Wilhelm von Heideck (born in Sarralbe, Moselle, on 6 December 1788 – died in Munich on 21 February 1861) was a military officer, a philhellene and a Bavarian painter.
Biography.
Von Heideck studied art in Zürich. In 1801, he entered the military academy in Munich. Since 1805 he was in the Bavarian army, he took part to the campaigns in Austria, Prussia and Tyrol, then in Spain after 1810.
In 1814, with the rank of Major, he accompanied the crown prince and future Ludwig I of Bavaria to the Congress of Vienna.
In 1826, he went to help the Greeks fight for their independence against the Ottoman Empire, during the Greek War of Independence. 
In 1827, he took part under the orders of Thomas Gordon to the attempt to help the Acropolis of Athens. In 1828, Ioannis Kapodistrias named him commander of Nafplion and a few month later military governor of Argos. 
In 1830, he went back then to Munich and got back his rank of colonel of the Bavarian army. He started again to paint.
In 1832, when Otto the second son of Ludwig I of Bavaria was designated to become king of Greece, Heideck was nominated to the regency council. It is traced, that he lived at "Kasern Straße 12" (today "Leonrodstraße") in Munich around 1850. The "Heideckstraße" in the quarter Neuhausen of Munich is named in honor of him.

</doc>
<doc id="18731102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731102" title="USS Passaconaway">
USS Passaconaway

USS "Passaconaway" is a name used more than once by the U.S. Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="18731115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731115" title="Viamonte">
Viamonte

Viamonte may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18731119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731119" title="Bernard Lafayette">
Bernard Lafayette

Bernard Lafayette Jr. (born July 29, 1940 in Tampa, Florida) is a longtime civil rights activist and organizer, who was a leader in the 1960s Civil Rights Movement. He played a leading role in early organizing of the Selma, Alabama, voting rights campaign; was a member of the Nashville Student Movement; and worked closely throughout the 1960s movements with groups such as the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC), the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC), and the American Friends Service Committee.
Early life.
Lafayette's parents were Bernard Lafayette, Sr., and Verdell Lafayette. Lafayette spent much of his childhood in Tampa, Florida, but also lived in several other places, as his father was an itinerant laborer. His mother's job is unknown. His family spent two years in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where his sister Rozelia was born. Philadelphia was where the young Bernard first lived in an integrated community.
Early career.
As a young man at the age of twenty, Lafayette moved to Nashville, Tennessee, and enrolled in the American Baptist Theological Seminary. During the course of his freshman year, he took classes in nonviolence at the Highlander Folk School run by Myles Horton, and attended many meetings promoting nonviolence. He learned more about the philosophy of nonviolence as lived by Gandhi, while taking seminars from activist James Lawson, a well-known nonviolent representative of the Fellowship of Reconciliation.
Lafayette began to use the nonviolent techniques as he became more exposed to the strong racial injustice of the South. In 1959, he, along with his fellow friends Diane Nash, James Bevel, and John Lewis, all members of the Nashville Student Movement, led sit-ins, such as the 1960 Lunch Counter Sit-In, at restaurants and businesses that practiced segregation. As a strong advocate of nonviolence, Lafayette, in 1960, assisted in the formation of a group known as the Student Non-violent Coordinating Committee (SNCC).
Freedom rides.
In 1961, the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) initiated a movement to enforce federal integration laws on interstate bus routes. This movement, known as the Freedom Rides, had African American and white volunteers ride together on bus routes through the segregated South. Lafayette wanted to participate, but his parents forbade him. After the Freedom Riders were violently attacked in the city of Birmingham, Alabama, the Nashville Student Movement, of which Lafayette was a member, vowed to take over the journey. At the time, some civil rights leaders worried that the Freedom Rides were too provocative and would damage the movement. Despite many doubts, these Nashville students were determined to finish the job.
In May 1961, in the city of Montgomery, Alabama, Lafayette and the other riders were "greeted" at the bus terminal by an angry white mob, members of Ku Klux Klan chapters, and were viciously attacked. The Freedom Riders were brutally beaten. Their attackers carried every makeshift weapon imaginable: baseball bats, wooden boards, bricks, chains, tire irons, pipes, and even garden tools.
During the Montgomery attack, Lafayette stood firm; his fellow riders William Barbee and John Lewis were beaten until they fell unconscious. Lafayette, Fred Leonard and Allen Cason narrowly escaped being killed by jumping over a wall and running to the post office. Everyone inside was carrying on individual business, just like nothing was happening outside. Lafayette later stated, " I thought they were shooting Freedom Riders." It was the gunshot of the well-known segregationist, Floyd Mann, who was fighting for the protection of the freedom riders.
Lafayette with other Riders was arrested in Jackson, Mississippi, and jailed at Parchman State Prison Farm during June 1961. During Lafayette's participation in civil rights activities, he was beaten and arrested 27 times.
Selma.
In the summer of 1962, Lafayette accepted a position with the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC) to do organizing work in Selma, Alabama. Upon arriving in the city, he began leading meetings at which he spoke about the condition of African Americans in the South and encouraged local African Americans to share their experiences. On the night of June 12, 1963, (the same night that Medgar Evers was murdered in Mississippi), Lafayette was severely beaten by a white assailant. While badly injured, he was not deterred from continuing his work. In late 1964, the board of Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) decided to join the ongoing Alabama Project organized by James Bevel, Diane Nash, and James Orange, and chose Selma as the focal point to gain voting rights for African Americans. In early 1965, Lafayette, Bevel, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., Orange, Nash and others organized a series of public demonstrations that finally—with the march from Selma-to-Montgomery initiated by Bevel—put enough pressure on the federal government to take action, and gave enough support to President Lyndon Johnson for Johnson to demand the drafting and passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
Life after Selma.
Lafayette went on to work on the 1966 Chicago Open Housing Movement (he had worked in Chicago earlier with Kale Williams, Bill Moyer, David Jehnsen and other leaders of the American Friends Service Committee). He later became ordained as a Baptist minister and served as president of the American Baptist Theological Seminary.
In 1973, Lafayette was named first director of the Peace Education Program at Gustavus Adolphus College, Saint Peter, Minnesota. The Gustavus program enabled Lafayette to infuse the entire curriculum of the college with peace education. Lafayette served this Lutheran liberal arts college for nearly three years.
Lafayette has been recognized as a major authority on strategies for nonviolent social change. He is also recognized as one of the leading exponents of nonviolent direct action in the world.
He was a Senior Fellow at the University of Rhode Island, where he helped to found the Center for Nonviolence and Peace Studies. The Center promotes nonviolence education using a curriculum based on the principles and methods of Martin Luther King, Jr. He is a Distinguished Scholar-in-Residence at the Candler School of Theology, at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia.
Lafayette was honored as a Doctor of Humane Letters from Mount Holyoke College, in May 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18731130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731130" title="Haut Enseignement Commercial pour les jeunes filles">
Haut Enseignement Commercial pour les jeunes filles

"Haut Enseignement Commercial pour les jeunes filles", also called "HEC jeunes filles", was named after HEC, the most famous French business school. HECJF is a state recognized degree in France.
The diploma allowed to teach economics and management in grammar schools and granted equivalencies to become a chartered accountant.

</doc>
<doc id="18731144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731144" title="Chin Human Rights Organization">
Chin Human Rights Organization

The Chin Human Rights Organization - CHRO is a non-governmental, non-profit organization working to protect and promote the rights of the Chin people.
Violation of the rights of women and children, forced labour, political suppression, racial discrimination and religious persecutions committed by the Burmese military regime continues to force thousands of Chin to flee their home country. The CHRO has become a key human rights advocate internationally for the support of the Chin people and other ethnic nationalities from Burma, as well as those living as refugees in other countries.
Aims and activities.
The CHRO's main objectives are:
At present the CHRO is actively working and is engaged in: Human rights documentation; Campaign and Advocacy; Capacity building (with special focus on civil and political rights and women's empowerment); Humanitarian Assistance; Refugee Issue; Civil Society Building. Alongside these activities, the organization is also available for speaking engagements with an emphasis on topics such as human rights, religious persecution and refugees.
Publications.
Publications
References.
Chin Human Rights Organization website: [http://www.chro.ca]

</doc>
<doc id="18731146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731146" title="Sylvain et Sylvette">
Sylvain et Sylvette

Sylvain et Sylvette is a French comics series created in 1941 by Maurice Cuvillier. The most popular and successful series relating the adventures of Sylvain and Sylvette were drawn by Jean-Louis Pesch and are currently published by Dargaud. This is the only series still unfinished and published.
Publication history.
The first series dedicated to the comics characters Sylvain and Sylvette was created by Maurice Cuvillier in 1941 for the magazine Coeurs Vaillants, and later published in the magazine "Fripounet et Marisette". From 1956, Jean-Louis Pesch and Claude Dubois took over the series and drew and wrote albums on their own and separately, but still in the same series, published by Fleurus from 1953. Cuvillier stopped drawing in 1958, and a new series was launched in 1967, with the same authors and publisher. In 1973, an alternative series called "Seribis" was created, grouping Jean-Louis Pesch's albums and published in the casual size for comics, so that the former series stopped and from 1978, Dubois and Pesch published albums in distinct series. In 1986, Fleurus stopped publishing these adventures. While Dubois gave up, Pesch's series went on being published thanks to Le Lombard from 1990, then by Dargaud from 2001. All the albums of the former series "Seribis" were republished by Le Lombard and Dargaud.
Evolution of the series.
At the beginning of the series, as drawn and written by Maurice Cuvillier, the story is a call to go back to nature and a traditional way of life influenced by the catholicism and the attachment to land. In the first series, Sylvain and Sylvette has less animals than in the current series. At that time, their pets comprised only "Gris – Gris", "Cui – Cui", "Moustachu", "Panpan", "Barbichette", "Mignonnet", "Raton", "Poulette", and all of them play active roles. As for the "compères", they are all very dangerous and mean and are the archetypes of the villains, so that the series was designed as largely dualistic and moralistic. The themes of justice and punishment are very present in the spirit of the Cuvillier's albums, and Sylvain and Sylvette don't hesitate to severely retaliate against their pets when they joke or do a mistake.
Gradually, these characters evolved under the influence of Claude Dubois and above all Jean-Louis Pesch who turned the comperes into comic protagonists and added some characters. But the theme of nature is still very present in the recent albums who praise the beauty and the harmony of the country. Jean-Louis Pesch focused much more than Cuvillier on the life in the forest and the necessary protection of nature. The graphic style of the series also evolved a lot, and while Jean-Louis Pesch had a style similar to that of Cuvillier and Dubois, his drawings became more original and individual.
Synopsis.
"This is the synopsis of the series currently published by Dargaud and designed by Jean-Louis Pesch"
Sylvain et Sylvette, are the main characters of the comics series. Orphans, they live alone and autonomously in a house that they call their "cottage", in the middle of the forest. They live with several animals referred in the series as their "friends" and have a very simple way of life, wearing clogs and eating with picking and fishing. Sometimes they pass to Laville (literally "Thetown" in French), a small village near their house, when they need a doctor or a veterinary for example. However, four starving animals, the "comperes", who live in a cavern not far from the cottage, seek to catch their animals or to steal their food. The atmosphere of the series is largely humoristic and the so-called villains' attempt to catch animals always fails. In some albums, Sylvain and Sylvette live more adventurous situations than the usual fight against the Comperes, particularly when Tartalo, a scientist, intervenes in the story.
Characters.
"Here are the characters present in the series drawned by Jean-Louis Pesch and published in the casual format for comics. The characters are described as they appear in this series only."
The "compères".
In the French series, these four animals are called "les compères" ("the mates" or "the partners" in French), and each of them are called either by their zoological name with capital letters, which suggests it is their real name (for example, the fox is called "Renard" or "Compere Renard").
Albums.
These album were first published by Fleurus 1973-1986 in the series called "Seribis".
Then the series was entirely republished by "Le Lombard" from 1990 to 2001 and by Dargaud after 2001. Only the first publication is mentioned. All these albums were drawn by Jean-Louis Pesch, unless indicated.
By Jean-Louis Pesch
Other authors
Other publications.
They were several series relating the adventures of Sylvain and Sylvette, all finished. They consist of albums published in the Italian size (29х23 cm) comprising 20 pages, unless indicated. The illustrations are separately by Maurice Cuvillier, Claude Dubois, Pierre Chéry and Jean-Louis Pesch. The artist is also the writer, unless indicated. The albums drawn by Cuvillier have been republished by Editions du Triomphe since 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18731164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731164" title="General Electric YJ101">
General Electric YJ101

The General Electric YJ101 was an afterburning turbofan engine in the 15,000 lbf class (static thrust). Developed for the Northrop YF-17 entry in the Lightweight Fighter (LWF) competition, the YJ101 formed the basis for General Electric's highly successful F404 engine.

</doc>
<doc id="18731172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731172" title="Dana LeVangie">
Dana LeVangie

Dana Alan LeVangie (born August 11, 1969) is an American professional baseball coach, and a former professional player (as a catcher) and scout. He is currently the bullpen coach for the Boston Red Sox of Major League Baseball.
College career.
A native of Whitman, Massachusetts, LeVangie batted and threw right-handed, stood tall and weighed as an active player. He was the Red Sox' 14th-round draft pick in 1991 out of American International College in Springfield, Massachusetts. He had graduated from Cape Cod Community College in 1989, before going on to AIC. He was a catcher on the AIC baseball team for two seasons (1990–1991), and, as a senior, he compiled a .462 batting average with 13 home runs and 75 runs batted in en route to garnering Division II All-America and Northeast-10 "Player of the Year" honors. That season, AIC went 32–12 and advanced to the Division II College World Series for the first time in school history. As of 2008, LeVangie holds the school record for career batting average with a .410 mark among players with at least 100 hits.
Minor league catcher.
After being signed by Boston, LeVangie languished in the minor leagues for six seasons. He eventually reached Triple-A Pawtucket for eight games in 1995–1996. He was a .196 hitter (207-for-1,186) with seven home runs and 78 RBI in 351 career minor-league games, including 76 runs, 28 doubles, three triples and five stolen bases.
Coach and scout at MLB level.
Following a surgery on his left hand, LeVangie was offered the job of bullpen catcher by minor league coordinator Bob Schaefer and reached the Major Leagues in 1997 as the Red Sox' bullpen catcher. He served in that role for eight seasons, including the 2004 World Series Championship campaign. After the season, he joined the professional scouting and then the advance scouting staff of the organization.
In September 2007, LeVangie was assigned to follow the Los Angeles Angels in anticipation of the postseason, and eventually saw the Colorado Rockies, too. During Game 2 of the 2007 World Series, Red Sox bench coach Brad Mills, armed with information assembled by the Sox scouting report, correctly anticipated that Matt Holliday would attempt to steal on Jonathan Papelbon's first pitch with two outs in the eighth inning and the Rockies down by a run. Mills signaled for a pickoff, and Papelbon, who had not picked off a runner since breaking into the majors, nailed Holliday with ease. Boston won the game and completed a four-game sweep of the Rockies in the Series.
When Gary Tuck resigned as the Red Sox' MLB bullpen coach prior to the 2013 season, LeVangie was named his successor and earned a third World Series ring when Boston won the 2013 World Series. 
He gained induction to the AIC Yellow Jackets Hall of Fame in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18731178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731178" title="Jennifer Black">
Jennifer Black

Jennifer Black is a Scottish actress notable for playing Stella Urquhart in the film "Local Hero" and more recently DCS Gill Templer in the TV series "Rebus". She has also appearred in "The Bill", "River City" and "Taggart".

</doc>
<doc id="18731190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731190" title="List of medical schools in the Caribbean">
List of medical schools in the Caribbean

This is a list of medical schools in the Caribbean. Schools are listed in alphabetical order by country/territory, then name. The list includes medical schools recognized by their local governments that award the Doctor of Medicine (MD) and/or Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS) degrees.
All recognized medical schools are listed in the FAIMER International Medical Education Directory (IMED) and/or the Avicenna Directory for medicine. Several agencies may also accredit Caribbean medical schools, as listed in the FAIMER Directory of Organizations that Recognize/Accredit Medical Schools (DORA).
Caribbean medical schools can be categorized as either regional or offshore. Regional medical schools train students to practice in the country or region where the school is located. Offshore medical schools in the Caribbean primarily train students from the United States and Canada who intend to return home for residency and clinical practice after graduation. Most offshore schools are dual-campus programs, where basic sciences are completed in the Caribbean while clinical clerkships are completed at teaching hospitals in the United States.
As of 2011 there are 60 medical schools in the Caribbean, 29 of which are regional, 31 of which are offshore.

</doc>
<doc id="18731201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731201" title="SC 07 Bad Neuenahr">
SC 07 Bad Neuenahr

SC 07 Bad Neuenahr is a German football club from Bad Neuenahr-Ahrweiler, Rhineland-Palatinate. The best-known section within the club is its women's football team, which was founded in 1969 and won the German Championship in 1978. "Sportclub Bad Neuenahr" was a founding member of Germany's women's Bundesliga and has played in the top division from 1997 until 2013.
The men's side played second division football in the first half of the 1950s as part of the 2. Liga-Südwest before slipping to the Amateurliga Rheinland in 1955. They generally earned upper table results there through the balance of the decade and on through the 1960s and 1970s. They took part in the opening round of the DFB-Pokal (German Cup) in 1975 when they were put out by "FC St. Pauli". Their only other cup experience was in 1932 when they advanced to the quarter final of the regional Westpokal.
Current squad.
"As of 2 July 2013, according to official website."<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18731207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731207" title="Charles Nicolas Fabvier">
Charles Nicolas Fabvier

Charles Nicolas Fabvier () (10 December 1782 – 15 September 1855) was an ambassador, general and French member of parliament who played a distinguished role in the Greek War of Independence.
Career under Napoleon.
He was born at Pont-à-Mousson in Meurthe and was a student at the "École Polytechnique" before joining the 1st Artillery Regiment in Napoleon’s army in Germany in 1804. He participated in the 1805 Ulm Campaign, and was wounded in the battle of Dürenstein. In 1807, he was part of the French military mission to the Ottoman Sultan Selim III, tasked with shoring up the defences of Constantinople. Fabvier then managed to join the diplomatic mission of General Charles Mathieu Gardanne, Napoleon's envoy to Persia, who tried to combat British and Russian influence in the region. Fabvier was tasked with creating an artillery school and arsenal at Esfahān, and was awarded the newly constituted Order of the Lion and the Sun for his efforts.
In 1809, he returned to Europe via Russia, and served for a while as a volunteer in the Polish army of the Duchy of Warsaw. Arriving at Vienna, he was named captain in the French Imperial Guard. He served as aide-de-camp of Marshal Auguste de Marmont in Spain, and was sent by him to Russia to inform Napoleon on the Battle of Salamanca. He arrived at Napoleon's headquarters on 6 September 1812, the eve of the Battle of Borodino. Fabvier was gravely wounded in this battle, leading the charge during the final assault on the Russian fortifications. Napoleon rewarded him by naming him artillery major in the VI Corps under Marshal Ney. He distinguished himself further during the operations of the War of the Sixth Coalition in Germany, and was raised to colonel of the General Staff and made "baron de l'Empire". He participated in the retreat into France, and on 31 March 1814, on behalf of Marshals Marmont and Mortier, he signed the surrender of Paris to the Coalition armies.
During the Hundred Days, he joined the frontier defence forces as a volunteer.
Life after Napoleon.
After Napoleon's downfall in 1815, he continued to serve in the royal French army. In 1817, he accompanied Marshal Marmont as chief of staff in quelling the riots at Lyon, provoked by the harsh conduct of the local military governor, General Simon Canuel. Soon after, he was suspended from his military duties for his liberal beliefs, and was arrested in August 1820 and charged with participation in a military conspiracy. Although he was released for lack of evidence, he was later called as a witness, but refused to disclose a name demanded by the public prosecutor, for which he was fined 500 francs.
In 1822, he was charged with aiding the flight of four sergeants at La Rochelle, but was acquitted. In 1823 he decided to leave France and went to Greece, to help the Greeks during their ongoing War of Independence. His first task was the supervision of the fortifications of Navarino. Then he travelled to Britain to drum up support among the Philhellenes. Returning again to Greece, he was appointed head of the small Greek regular army, with which he participated in several battles, most notably the Siege of the Acropolis of Athens in 1826. In 1828, he returned to France, only to return to Greece alongside the French Morea expedition. 
In 1830, he returned to France and took part in the July Revolution. Initially chief of staff to General Étienne Maurice Gérard, on 4 August Fabvier was named military commander of Paris. In 1831, he resigned his commission and retired with the rank Lieutenant General. Fabver was made a peer of France in 1845, and in 1848, he was sent as the French ambassador to Constantinople, and thereafter to Denmark. Back in France he was elected to the National Assembly of France as a representative of Meurthe. There he sided with the conservative group of the assembly. He retired from public life on 2 December 1851, and died in Paris four years later.

</doc>
<doc id="18731208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731208" title="Manitoba Antique Automobile Museum">
Manitoba Antique Automobile Museum

The Manitoba Antique Automobile Museum is a museum that is located on Trans Canada Highway 1 in Elkhorn, Manitoba. It has a collection of over 100 automobiles that date back to 1908. 
Collection.
The museum also has a collection of pioneer farm equipment, steam tractors, and unique household artifacts. Included in the museum's collection are: a 1904 Holsman, a 1909 Metz, a 1914 Briscoe and a 1918 Gray-Dort. The collection also includes lesser-known automobiles such as the Maxwell and the Russel-Knight.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18731244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731244" title="List of museums and cultural institutions in Hamburg">
List of museums and cultural institutions in Hamburg

The city of Hamburg, Germany is home to several museums, galleries, theatres and other cultural institutions. In 2009, 50 state and private museums, 31 theatres, 6 music halls, and 10 cabarets were located in Hamburg proper. This list contains the most famous or well-regarded organizations.
Museums.
Several foundations and organisations in Hamburg coordinate the events and exhibitions for most museums. Events like the Long Night of Museums ("Lange Nacht der Museen") — during which the establishments remain open late into the night, seeking to introduce new individuals to the cultural institutions—are promoted by the "Museumsdienst Hamburg". The ticket include only one fare for all museums and the public transport provided by the Hamburger Verkehrsverbund. In 2009, 42 museums and exhibition halls participated, with more than 600 events and exhibitions, and the cost was €12, reduced €8. More than 30,000 people attended.
Performing arts.
Theatres.
In 2005/6, 4.2 mil. visits to a theatre were counted in Hamburg, 2,380 visits per 1000 inhabitants, so Hamburg had more visits then Bremen (920) and Berlin (920). The average for the German states were 420 visits.
Libraries and archives.
In 2006, 39 public libraries extisted in Hamburg, organised by the foundation "Bücherhallen Hamburg", more than 20 academic libraries, and several special or museums libraries. 7.9 media per inhabitant were borrowed from the public libraries. Therefor Hamburg, after Bremen (9.0), were ranking at the top of the German states.
There are also four main archives.

</doc>
<doc id="18731246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731246" title="Burley High School">
Burley High School

Burley High School is a four-year secondary school in Burley, Idaho, the largest of four traditional high schools in the Cassia County School District #151. Its official title is Burley Senior High School and it has only had its 2100 Park Ave. address since the doors opened for the Spring Semester of 1999. The previous school was built in the 1950s, residing at the locally known address of #1 Bobcat Boulevard, and the building still exists as a satellite campus for the College of Southern Idaho. Until the 2006–07 school year, it was exclusively a three-year senior high school, with the freshman class attending Burley Junior High School.
The school's most notable aspect is the addition of the King Fine Arts Center at the southwest corner of the school. Consisting of a 1,300 capacity audience seating area, advanced sound systems, an advanced fly system above the stage, green rooms, costume/prop loft, catwalks, band/choir practice room, and even a lecture chamber, the King Fine Arts Center remains as the most advanced school "auditorium" in the entire state. It instills a sense of pride among students and local residents alike. Steve Floyd, the band director, has worked at the school for 20+ years, won multiple band and jazz band awards, and has taken the school to the Rose Bowl.
The school also includes Skagg's Field, a sports complex built in 2008, which includes a custom-built entrance, a synthetic turf field, stadium bleachers, and a fieldhouse.
Athletics.
Burley competes in athletics in IHSAA Class 4A the second-highest classification, and is a member of the Great Basin (West) Conference with Minico (near Rupert), Jerome, and Wood River (Hailey). In August 2009, the conference added Twin Falls and just-opened Canyon Ridge, both located in Twin Falls.
State titles.
Boys"(poll introduced in 1963, through 1978)"
Girls "(introduced in 1974)"
Combined
Notable alumni.
Tim Ulrich - Mayo Clinic physician and inventor of the "iron cross"

</doc>
<doc id="18731265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731265" title="Grand-Remous, Quebec">
Grand-Remous, Quebec

Grand-Remous is a town and municipality in La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau Regional County Municipality, Quebec, Canada. The municipality is south of the Baskatong Reservoir, spanning both sides of the Gatineau River. The town is situated at the intersection of Route 117 and Route 105.
""Grand-Remous"" is French for "great eddy" and is a reference to a large whirlpool on the Gatineau River near the Grand Remous Chute. This name matches the Atikamekw name ""Obémiticwang"", also meaning "choppy waters" or "big stir."
Its territory consists of low hills which vary between and above sea level, and which are partly cleared, mostly around Grand-Remous and along highway 105.
History.
The township municipality, formed in 1937, was first called Sicotte, named in honour of Louis-Victor Sicotte (1812-1889), County Deputy of Saint-Hyacinthe from 1857 to 1863. The local post office was also named Sicotte in 1927, but renamed to Grand-Remous in 1933. In 1973, the municipality changed its name to conform to the name of the village where the majority of the population lived.
On October 11, 2003, the Township Municipality of Grand-Remous became the Municipality of Grand-Remous.
Demographics.
Population trend:
(R) = Revised count.
Private dwellings (occupied by usual residents): 524
Languages:

</doc>
<doc id="18731272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731272" title="Jean-Gabriel Eynard">
Jean-Gabriel Eynard

Jean-Gabriel Eynard (born in Lyon on December 28, 1775 – died in Geneva on February 5, 1863) was a Swiss banker.
Biography.
Jean-Gabriel Eynard although belonging to a family who had settled in Switzerland since the 17th century was actually born in Lyon, France - where his father owned a business - on December 28, 1775. During the French Revolution the family fled France and took refuge in Rolle Switzerland.
In 1795, Jean-Gabriel and his brother Jacques went to Genoa and both were soon heading a flourishing commercial concern. In 1800 Massena's troops entered the town and Jean-Gabriel was entrusted with their supply. In particular he furnished them with uniforms cut from the blue cloth called "bleu de Genes" whence later derives the world famous garment known worldwide as "blue jeans". 
In 1801, he entered in a highly speculative and hazardous financial venture becoming the sole subscriber to a bond issued by the duke of Etruria. That audacious move was crowned with success and constituted the foundation of his immense fortune.
In 1803, he moved to Florence called forth by the Queen of Etruria, and thence he devoted much zeal and talent to the reformation and improvement of the finances of the principalities of Lucca and Piombino and he was also successful with those of the Toscan state. Under the reign of Eliza Bacciochi, Napoleon's sister, as Grand-Duchess of Tuscany he continued his work with much success and was showered with honours and privileges.
In 1809, he spent a long time in Paris in order to await the Emperor's return having been entrusted with the mission of thanking him, on behalf of both the Mediterranean Department and the Chamber of Commerce of Livorno, for the nomination of Eliza as Grand Duchess.
In 1810 he moved to Geneva. He was ambassador of the Geneva republic at the Congress of Vienna in 1815. In the following year he helped to organize the administration of Tuscany, which he represented at the Congress of Aix-la-Chapelle in 1818.
Being a friend of Ioannis Kapodistrias, he was very enthusiastic for the cause of the Greeks during the Greek War of Independence. He was the chief of the philhellens community in Europe, and aided the revolutionaries financially. For his services to this cause, he was made a Greek citizen. He advised the new state. His recommendation of Otho of Bavaria for the throne of Greece was adopted. In 1842, he became one of the co-founders of the National Bank of Greece.
In 1839, he was one of the first Swiss to use the daguerreotype. He had this passion until his death in 1863. He bequeathed his fortune to various charitable enterprises.

</doc>
<doc id="18731276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731276" title="Guy Autret de Missirien">
Guy Autret de Missirien

Guy Autret de Missirien, Lord of Missirien, Lesergué, Kergoz, etc., was a French historian and genealogist born around 1599 in Goulien and died in Paris on 3 April 1660.
He was the second son of Yves Autret, Lord of Lesoualc'h, etc. and Marie Du Menez.
He had Guy Éder de La Fontenelle as a godfather - who, during the wars of the League, killed Guy Autret's grandfather.
Works.
In 1637, he published the "Annotations sur les lettres patentes du Roy portant commission de convoquer le ban et l'arrière-ban de Bretagne…"
He wrote two articles for the "Gazette de France" on the return of Henriette de France, in 1644.
In 1655 he edited a "Vie de saint Joachim" today lost.
The same year, he published his "Dessein et projet de l'histoire généalogique de Bretagne". However, this ""Histoire généalogique de Bretagne"" was unfinished at his death. 
He re-edited and augmented the "Vie des Saints de la Bretagne" by Albert Le Grand, in 1659. 
His correspondence with Pierre d'Hozier was published in 1899 by the Comte de Rosmorduc. Another part of the correspondence was published in 1940 by Daniel Bernard.

</doc>
<doc id="18731295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731295" title="18 in '08">
18 in '08

18 in ’08 is a non-profit, nonpartisan peer to peer youth voter engagement and mobilization organization. It was co-founded in 2007 by David D. Burstein, who is the current executive director, and his parents. 18 in ‘08 is the first national youth voter organization to be run by someone under 21.
Purpose.
18 in '08 promotes civic engagement among young people, specifically the 18- to 24-year-old age group. The organization emphasizes not just registration, but actual involvement in the political process.
Current activities.
For the 2008 presidential election, 18 in ’08 is planning a 50 college tour and political dialogues with candidates and elected officials on the state and federal level focused exclusively on youth issues. On June 30, 2008 18 in ’08 announced the debut of its celebrity PSA series, releasing the first two pieces on MySpace featuring Olivia Wilde and Peter Sarsgaard. The cast of the documentary film “American Teen” will be among future PSA stars.
The Film.
The organization began as a documentary film also called 18 in ’08. The film features leading politicians and public figures including: Senator Barbara Boxer, Senator Sam Brownback, Governor Jeb Bush, Senator Robert Byrd, Democratic Strategist James Carville, General Wesley Clark, Senator Chris Dodd, Former ABC News Anchor Sam Donaldson, Academy Award Winning Actor Richard Dreyfuss, Presidential Advisor David Gergen, Senator Chuck Hagel, Senator John Kerry, Congressman John Lewis, Senator Joe Lieberman, Filmmaker Alexandra Pelosi, Human Rights Leader Samantha Power, Congressman Adam Putnam, Former Kennedy Advisor Ted Sorensen, Former MTV News Correspondent Gideon Yago, Historian Howard Zinn, as well as students from across the country.
Accomplishments.
18 in '08 has screened it's documentary film over 400 times since June 2007, and has also registered over 21,000 voters.
Affiliated Organizations.
18 in ’08 has partnerships with organizations including The National Constitution Center, Mobilize.org, Declare Yourself, Why Tuesday?, Generation Engage, SAVE, and Project Vote Smart.
Media coverage.
18 in ’08 has been featured on the ABC Evening News, C-SPAN, CNN, NPR, Geraldo, Fox News, and in The New York Times, The Boston Globe, The Philadelphia Inquirer, The Village Voice, The Huffington Post, and The Politico.

</doc>
<doc id="18731297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731297" title="Workshop (disambiguation)">
Workshop (disambiguation)

A workshop is a room or building used for manufacture or repair of goods.
Workshop may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18731301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731301" title="Mill Falls">
Mill Falls

Mill Falls is a 7 metre high complex classic waterfall found in Ancaster, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
Nearby attractions include the Old Mill Restaurant, Bruce Trail and the Heritage Trail.
"Lower Mill Falls" is a 6 metre high, 4 metre wide complex classic cascade waterfall found downstream from Mill Falls.
Directions.
From Highway 403 take the Lincoln Alexander Parkway exit and keep to the right to merge onto "Rousseaux Street". At the 'T' intersection turn right onto Wilson Street East. Turn left onto "Montgomery Road" and turn left again at the stop sign onto "Old Dundas Road". Just past the Old Mill Restaurant on the right, park at the upper Old Mill restaurant parking just after "Ontario Street". Cross the road to the Old Mill restaurant and follow the creek upstream until you see Mill Falls.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18731305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731305" title="Access-eGov">
Access-eGov

Access-eGov ("Access to e-Government Services Employing Semantic Technologies") is a 36-month STReP research and development project, co-funded by the European Commission within the Sixth Framework Programme under the Information Society Technologies (IST) priority, contract No. FP6-2004-27020. This project addresses the strategic objective SO 2.4.13 "Strengthening the Integration of the ICT research effort in an Enlarged Europe".
The Access-eGov project is aiming at the development and validation of the platform for composition of government services into process definitions, enabling Semantic interoperability of particular e-Government services. The solution is based on the semantic technologies as enhanced WSMO conceptual framework, WSML ontologies, semantic annotation of services, their discovery, , mediation, and executing in the SOA environment. Adopting a citizen-centric approach, Access-eGov customises the workflow of electronic and traditional (i.e. face-to-face) services according to the personal needs of each citizen.
Background, motivation.
The Access-eGov project is motivated by the needs to increase the interoperability of existing governmental services in existing or newly created e-Government solutions on local, national, and Pan-European levels. The interoperability was recognised as a precondition for the implementation of European eGovernment services in the "eEurope Action Plan 2005" and is explicitly addressed as one of the four main challenges in the I2010 EU strategy. It is recommended to build the solutions supporting interoperability of governmental services on standards, open specifications and open interfaces.
From the three aspects of interoperability (i.e. "organisational", "semantic", and "technical"), the Access-eGov project is particularly focused on the semantic interoperability. The central idea is to ensure that the meaning of the shared and exchanged information is captured, formalised, and is understood in the same way by the people, applications, and institutions involved in the eGovernment solution. It can be achieved by enriching the provided governmental services and other information resources with a machine-readable semantic description, applying the semantic technologies as shared domain ontologies, formal ontology languages (e.g. RDF, OWL, WSML), Semantic Web Services and corresponding frameworks as e.g. RDF-S, WSDL, OWL-S, and WSMO (see also the list of Related projects). Within the Access-eGov, the WSMO framework was selected as a basic implementation platform.
Access-eGov approach, objectives and solution.
The project objectives were defined on organisational and technological levels. Main "organisational objective" is to improve accessibility and connectivity of governmental services for citizens and businesses. "Technical objectives" are focused on the development of the software platform and tools for integration of various types of governmental services on a semantic basis, including a methodology for maintenance of the solution by public administrations.
A resource WSML ontology covering basic Domain knowledge and processes for locating and contracting e-Government services was created for the three pilot applications of the project. The requirement-driven approach was used by public administrations to describe the services, goals, and scenarios. The core Access-eGov system was implemented as an extension of the WSMO conceptual model. The solution includes two client side tools – "Personal Assistant client", which provides browsing of the scenarios and services for citizens, and "Annotation tool" enabling semantic annotation of services for public administrations.
The Access-eGov solution was tested within the first trial in autumn 2007. Results of the testing were evaluated and were taken as a background for further improvements. During the second half of 2008, the Access-eGov project approached its final phase, which included a second trial phase loop for all three pilot applications and a final evaluation of the achieved results.
Pilot Applications.
German field test – "Getting married" scenario.
The field test was carried out by Ministry of Finance of Schleswig-Holstein. It was focused on the life event "marriage" and related procedures. The registry offices of eleven municipalities from Schleswig-Holstein have been involved in this field test. The main aim was to test the integration of different web resources containing the service information and making them accessible via a single platform but still leaving the data and its maintenance in the municipalities' legacy systems.
Slovakian pilot – "Obtaining a building permission" scenario.
The pilot application has been carried out by the Košice Self-Governing Region and the municipality of Michalovce. It was focused on supporting citizens during the process of obtaining a Building permit, including complex services related to Land-use planning and approval proceedings. The objective was to make the whole process easier and transparent for citizens, to provide all relevant information about necessary services in a comprehensive and user-friendly way, and finally to improve the service from the citizen's point of view.
Polish pilot – "Establishing an enterprise" scenario.
The Polish pilot application took place in the Silesian region and was performed by the Gliwice City Hall. The user scenario involved four main user goals: registration in local government, registration in statistical office, registration in tax office and registration in Social insurance agency. The objective of the pilot application was to provide a single entry point where users (citizens and entrepreneurs) can obtain relevant information and are properly navigated by the system within the whole complex process.
Project outcomes.
Project outcomes from the German Field Test were preliminarily presented in November 2008 at the annual "Mediatage Nord" event in Kiel/Germany with attendance by official representatives and test participants from Schleswig-Holstein municipal and state administrations.
The Access-eGov project showcased its final results at the CeBIT computer innovation fair in Hannover, Germany in March 2009.
The ePractice.eu community awarded Access-eGov with their "Editor's Choice 2009" award.

</doc>
<doc id="18731310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731310" title="Horrocks bundle">
Horrocks bundle

In algebraic geometry, Horrocks bundles are certain indecomposable rank 3 vector bundles (locally free sheaves) on 5-dimensional projective space, found by .

</doc>
<doc id="18731325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731325" title="Skiff Lake (New Brunswick)">
Skiff Lake (New Brunswick)

Skiff Lake is a lake in Canterbury Parish, York County, New Brunswick, Canada.
Location.
Skiff Lake is a glacier lake in southwestern New Brunswick, Canada, near the village of Canterbury. There are many islands (27 in total) scattered throughout. Surrounding the lake are large granite boulders which may have been formed from one of the eruptions of Mount Pleasant Caldera.
History.
There has been several outfitters on Skiff Lake. To name a few: Crombies camps, Faulks Camps, Skiff Lake Outfitters, Skiff Lake Inn.
Myths and legends.
There have long been rumours that Skiff Lake has its very own Nessy. This lake-locked serpent, affectionately referred to as Gertrude, is rumoured to have been upwards of thirty feet in length.
Ice out dates.
Compiled by:
Harley Carr      1933-1952
Bill Crossley    1953-1961
Gerald Lochart 1961-1972
Al Conklin        1973-2013
Gar Conklin      1973-2013

</doc>
<doc id="18731346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731346" title="Topcat">
Topcat

The Topcat is a one-design sailing catamaran boat class, which is divided into several boat sizes.
General.
The Topcat sailing catamarans are fast, seaworthy, popular, and affordable twin-hull boats ranging in size from 3.60 m (12 ft) to 5.50 m (18 ft). They have world-wide distribution and are differentiated by:
Design.
The Topcat lacks the dangerous main boom, as well as daggerboards, 
spreaders, shroud adjusters,
and other complicated trimming mechanisms.
To compensate for the missing daggerboards, the hull profiles are narrow and deep, and form
a keel, similar to the Dart 18 and other beach catamarans. This is a compromise between lateral stability, agility in maneuvers, and ability to run up the beach. The material of the hulls 
is fiberglass, with a strength of a few millimeters on top and on the upper sides.
Extra material is applied in areas subject to abrasion and stress forces: at the keel, and where the beams, shrouds, and rudders connect to the hulls.
There are special boat versions with a build-up keel for sailing schools and for sailing areas with coral reefs. The surface of the hulls is covered by a gelcoat.
Each hull has a dry storage compartment accessible by sealed hatch covers.
The aluminum beams are plugged into the hulls, and the assembly is held together by a tightly laced trampoline. The trampoline consists of two sheets of fabric. Each sheet has a round rubber edge that is threaded into an aluminum rail connected to the hull. The trampoline is laced in the middle, similar to a corset.
For safety the front beam contains a line to assist in righting the boat after capsizing.
The rudders do not have to rotate upwards in low water, but slide upwards inside their 
cheek plates when a retaining line is pulled. The boat can still be steered when the rudders 
are at the keel line, this allows sailing in areas with low water levels.
The rigging consist of an aero-dynamically shaped aluminum mast held by a forestay and two shroud wires.
The mast sits on top of a round knob riveted to the front beam, and rotates freely.
The K1 and Spitfire models have diamond spreaders to stabilize the mast.
Some masts can be divided into two parts for easier transportation.
There is a trapeze for the crew and/or helmsman.
There are three sail types available:
The Streamcut and PenTex sails have a larger sail area, and an almost rectangular shape.
1 approved for racing by ITCA

</doc>
<doc id="18731352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731352" title="Abbotts Ann Down">
Abbotts Ann Down

Abbotts Ann Down is a hamlet in Hampshire, England, within the civil parish of Abbotts Ann.
The settlement lies on the A343 road and is approximately south-west of Andover.

</doc>
<doc id="18731364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731364" title="J. K. L. Ross">
J. K. L. Ross

Commander John Kenneth Leveson Ross CBE (1876–1951) was a Canadian businessman, sportsman, thoroughbred racehorse owner/breeder, and philanthropist. He is best remembered for winning the first United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing in 1919 with his Hall of Fame colt, Sir Barton. In 1911, he set the world record for catching the largest tuna (680lbs) by rod and line at St. Ann's, Nova Scotia. After his father, he was the second Canadian to be made a member of the Royal Yacht Squadron.
Early life.
J. K. L. Ross was born in Lindsay, Ontario, the only child of James Leveson Ross, who made his fortune constructing the Canadian Pacific Railway, becoming a prominent art collector and the first Canadian to be made a member of the Royal Yacht Squadron. His mother, Annie Kerr (1847-1915), was the daughter of John W. Kerr (1824-1904), of Kingston, New York; a prominent politician with the Democratic Party and formerly the Sheriff of Ulster County, New York. Known as 'Jack' to his friends, Ross grew up in the Golden Square Mile at his parents' French Chateau-style mansion, 3644 Peel Street, designed by architect Bruce Price which was eventually bought by John W. McConnell and donated to McGill University when it was renamed "Chancellor Day Hall". Ross was educated at Bishop's College School in Lennoxville, Quebec, and McGill University. He was an enthusiastic Squash and Racquets player, and was on the McGill ice hockey team and a member of the university's Canadian football championship team.
Business ventures.
In cooperation with prominent Montreal businessman, Sir Herbert Holt and others, Ross established Côte St. Luc Realties in 1911 which built the town of Hampstead, Quebec. In 1909, he built another home for himself in Montreal at 3647 Peel Street, opposite his father's, now known as J.K.L. Ross House, designed by William Sutherland Maxwell. But, after his father's death in 1913 (when he also inherited $16 million) he moved back to his childhood home and used the second one to house guests, the newer one being too small for parties. It was purchased by Marianopolis College in 1961 and used as administration offices until 1976 when McGill University acquired the property.
At one time, father James Ross owned a controlling interest in Dominion Coal Company and Dominion Iron and Steel Company. As a result, Jack Ross built a summer home at St. Ann's Bay in the northern part of Victoria County, Nova Scotia on Cape Breton Island. After his father's death, Jack Ross moved to Nova Scotia where for a time he was involved in the management of the companies.
Tuna fishing.
It was while at St. Anns, Nova Scotia that Ross developed a passion for the sport of Deep-sea fishing. He tackled the sport scientifically and was a pioneer among tuna anglers, developing fishing techniques that later became standard practice. He wrote two books on the subject, describing various discoveries and adventures. He had remarkable tenacity, bearing in mind that harnesses were not yet invented, on one occasion he fought a tuna for 19 hours before being forced to cut his line. On August 28, 1911, after a struggle of a mere four hours and forty five minutes, Jack Ross landed a 680 pound tuna which set a record for the largest fish caught with a rod and reel. The record held for several years until he himself bettered it by catching a 720 pound tuna. That record was broken in 1950 by his son-in-law, Commander Hodgson, who in the same way landed a 997 pound tuna off Cape Breton, and his record still stands today.
World War I.
During World War I, Jack Ross donated three large yachts for use in the war effort by the Royal Canadian Navy and took command of one of them in the North Atlantic. He was made a Commanderof the Order of the British Empire for distinguished naval service. Afterwards, the media would commonly refer to him as "Commander J.K.L. Ross." Ross was the second Canadian (after his father) to be made a member of the Royal Yacht Squadron.
Philanthropy.
James Ross had used his enormous wealth to become a major benefactor to the city of Montreal, Quebec and his son continued the family's philanthropy. In 1916, acting on his late father's desire to support the Royal Victoria Hospital, Jack Ross donated $1 million for the building of the first major addition to the hospital which became known as the Ross Memorial Pavilion, one of Canada's first private patient pavilions.
During the First World War Ross donated $500,000 in cash to the Royal Navy as well as three costly patrol vessels. He also gave a further $500,000 to be distributed between the families of enlisted men killed in the war. He donated money to fund a new building (Ross Boarding House) at his "alma mater", Bishop's College School, Lennoxville, and also gave liberally to McGill University.
Thoroughbred racing.
Jack Ross owned several riding horses that led to an interest in Thoroughbred horse racing and breeding. In 1915 he purchased twelve Thoroughbreds that immediately paid dividends when Damrosch won the 1916 Preakness Stakes. Later that year, he acquired a farm property at Vercheres, Quebec where he established his own breeding operation. Ross contracted jockeys Earl Sande, Carroll Shilling and John Loftus, all of whom would be elected to the United States Racing Hall of Fame, plus he hired H. Guy Bedwell who became one of America's leading trainers and who, too, was inducted in the U.S. Racing Hall of Fame. Running one of the most successful racing stables in North America, at Toronto's Old Woodbine Race Course, his horses won numerous races including five editions each of the Maple Leaf Stakes, the Connaught Cup, and the Grey Stakes. Racing success led Jack Ross to build a second breeding and racing stable near Toronto he called Agincourt Farms and a third such operation in the State of Maryland called the Yarrow Brae Stud Farm.
Sir Barton.
In 1919, Ross owned two of the best three-year-olds in North America. Sir Barton and the 1918 American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt, Billy Kelly, finished one-two in the 1919 Kentucky Derby. Sir Barton then went on to win the Preakness Stakes and the Belmont Stakes to become the first-ever winner of the U.S. Triple Crown. For 1919, Sir Barton was voted American Horse of the Year.
The following year, Sir Barton set a world record for 1 3/16 miles on dirt in winning the August 28, 1920, Merchants and Citizens Handicap at the Saratoga Race Course. However, plagued by tender hooves, Sir Barton was beaten in a now-famous match race on the hard dirt surface of the Kennilworth Park in Windsor, Ontario by Man o' War. In 1957, Sir Barton was inducted in the U.S. Racing Hall of Fame.
In addition to Sir Barton, notable among the Ross stable of racehorses were:
Financial reverses forced Jack Ross to disband his entire racing operations in 1927. In 1920, he had been appointed president of Blue Bonnets Raceway in Montreal, and although no longer a stable owner after 1927, he held the position until 1931 when he retired to a home in Jamaica.
Reputation.
Jack Ross was widely respected for his good manners and sportsmanship, the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame says that the United States press called him "the best sportsman Canada has ever sent to this country." On one race he put down $20,000 and won back $160,000, but he spotted an irregularity, and although legally he was allowed to keep his winnings he gave $40,000 back to the bookies. Though he betted frequently, he won as often as he lost, but he is remembered on one occasion for winning $50,000 from a notoriously sharp New Yorker.
The Rosses lived lavishly, even by many of his contemporaries standards. Princess Patricia of Connaught became engaged to Alexander Ramsay at Ross' fishing lodge on the Bay of St. Anns, Nova Scotia. She was heard to remark that the Rosses lived more royally than royalty. He did keep thirty servants, but many of his supposed trappings were fictional: He had one or sometimes two Rolls-Royces, not eight, and his single private railway car was not an entire private train.
Bankruptcy.
There was no doubt that Ross was very generous with his money and spent a fortune on parties, horse racing and yachts, but there was no single cause for the financial downfall that befell him in 1928, when he was down to his final $300 after inheriting $16 million fifteen years earlier. His investments in Turner Valley and the Mexican oil wells had been premature, and he had been exceedingly generous in his philanthropy and to many friends alike. His saddest memory was when his friends to whom he'd been so generous before crossed the street when they saw him coming. Certainly his passion for horse racing though cost him dearly as his only son, Jim Ross, explained: "To own a few mediocre horses is an expensive luxury. To own many good ones demands a truly vast sum of money. In those days a large racing establishment, even a highly successful one, never made back its expenses."
Family and final years.
In 1902, at St. James Cathedral, Toronto, Ross married his first wife, Ethel (Etheldine) Alice Matthews, daughter of Wilmot DeLoui Matthews (1850-1919), one of Toronto's most influential businessmen, by his wife Annie Jane Love. One of Ethel's brother's was married to Annabel, daughter of Sir Edmund Boyd Osler, and the other married the New York socialite Constance Greening. Her sister lived with the Rosses for some time in Nova Scotia before marrying Bruce MacKinnon and moving to Switzerland. The Rosses were the parents of a son and a daughter,
Two years after Ross was declared bankrupt, Ethel divorced him in 1930. She continued to live in Montreal, remarrying a Boston attorney, which also ended in divorce. Ross was saved from penury by a trust fund. A few years before, the home he had built for himself on Peel Street was valued at over a million dollars but by 1930, with Montreal in a recession following the Wall Street Crash, there were no takers for a mansion that size. As an act of charity Ross's friend, the 2nd Lord Shaughnessy, purchased it from him for $51,000 in 1935.
Ross briefly moved into an apartment before leaving for Jamaica, where he met and married in 1931 his new wife, Iris de Lisser, the daughter of a Jamaican planter and sister of H. G. de Lisser. He bought a house on Montego Bay (that after his death was purchased by Lord Beaverbrook) and was made deputy governor of the island. Apart from occasional visits to Montreal, he remained in Jamaica, fishing and sailing until his death in 1951 - happier (he told his confidantes), than when he was rich. In accordance with his wishes, J.K.L. Ross was buried at sea. On its formation in 1976, he was inducted posthumously into the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18731367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731367" title="Pribina Sailplane Grand Prix">
Pribina Sailplane Grand Prix

The Pribina Sailpane Grand Prix 2008 was the fourth qualifying Gliding Grand Prix for the FAI World Grand Prix 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="18731384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731384" title="Le Régiment de Sambre et Meuse">
Le Régiment de Sambre et Meuse

Le Régiment de Sambre et Meuse (lit. "Sambre-et-Meuse regiment") is a French song and military march by Robert Planquette and Paul Cezano.
The original poem was written in 1870 by Paul Cezano, in the wake of the Franco-Prussian War and the first days of the French Third Republic. The references to the Army of Sambre-et-Meuse set Republican, soldierly mood.
The next year, music was composed by Robert Planquette. In 1879, it was arranged as a military march by Joseph François Rauski.
"Le Régiment de Sambre et Meuse" was the official march of the Royal 22e Régiment of Canada until it was replaced in 1935 by "Le Royal 22e régiment," written by Capt C. O'Neill 1922-37 followed by the current official quick march "Vive la Canadienne," in 1939.
"Le Régiment de Sambre et Meuse" is popular in the USA, where it is sometimes played at American football games, most notably by The Ohio State University Marching Band during its signature Script Ohio formation, It is also often used for marches of the Belgian military schools in Brussels (KMS) and Sint-Truiden (KSOO) because of the historic link of this song with Belgium.
Lyrics.
The regiment from Sambre et Meuse
Always marched to the call of freedom
Seeking the path of glory
That led them to immortality

</doc>
<doc id="18731387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731387" title="Steve Kent (baseball)">
Steve Kent (baseball)

Steven Patrick Kent (born October 3, 1978 in Frankfurt, West Germany) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Kent played for the Tampa Bay Devil Rays during the 2002 season. In 34 games in relief in his one season career, Kent had a 0-2 record with a 5.65 ERA. He allowed 41 hits and 6 runs. From 2003 - 2007 Kent spent time with the Florida Marlins, Colorado Rockies, Atlanta Braves and Houston Astros. In , Kent pitched for three different teams in the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. He currently plays for the Kansas City T-Bones of the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball.
He attended Odessa Junior College 
He attended Florida International University.
External links.
, or Retrosheet

</doc>
<doc id="18731395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731395" title="Jason Banks (American football)">
Jason Banks (American football)

Jason Ryan Banks (born May 8, 1985 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana) is a free agent American football defensive end who last played for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League. He was signed by the Cardinals as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Grambling, and played his high school ball at McKinley Senior High School.

</doc>
<doc id="18731396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731396" title="Merchiston (disambiguation)">
Merchiston (disambiguation)

Merchiston is an area of Edinburgh in Scotland.
Merchiston may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18731399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731399" title="John Alker">
John Alker

John Alker (fl. 1797 - 1832), aka Alker of Wigan, was one of a family of longcase clock makers from Wigan, Lancashire.

</doc>
<doc id="18731407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731407" title="Dandelion chip">
Dandelion chip

A dandelion chip is a chip that can be installed in the mount of manual SLR lenses. Integrated into an adapter, it is commonly used on a digital SLR camera body with a shorter focal flange distance like the Olympus Four Thirds System camera bodies, which can mount most manual focus lenses with adapters but which lack built-in focus confirmation.
Integrated into a contact block, a dandelion chip can be added to Nikon manual focus lenses to enable exposure metering, focus indication and EXIF data on Nikon consumer bodies.

</doc>
<doc id="18731418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731418" title="Jason Zumwalt">
Jason Zumwalt

Jason Zumwalt (born September 1, 1975) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Roman Bellic in the video game "Grand Theft Auto IV."
Career.
Zumwalt began his acting career in 2004, playing a small role in the short film "16w". From then until 2008, he took small roles in low-budget films, television series and video game roles to make a living.
In 2008, Zumwalt was hired by Rockstar Games as a voice actor in their video game Grand Theft Auto IV, playing the role of protagonist Niko Bellic's cousin Roman. Upon release, Zumwalt's character was critically well-received due to his distinctive accent and humorous dialogue. To this day, Grand Theft Auto IV is still his most notable role.

</doc>
<doc id="18731445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731445" title="Holland's Next Top Model (cycle 5)">
Holland's Next Top Model (cycle 5)

"Holland's Next Top Model, Cycle 5" is the fifth cycle of "Holland's Next Top Model". After two years of "Benelux' Next Top Model" the show returned under its original title featuring Dutch girls only. It premiered on September 5, 2011 and is currently airing.
Although the show returned to screen under its old name three of the five jury members from the last season of "Benelux's Next Top Model" returned as did many other production crew members. Also the two winners of the show (Rosalinde Kikstra and Melissa Baas) where also considered among the winners on the official website.
The Cycle is therefore a successor for the Benelux' series as well as of the original Dutch one.
The winner of this cycle was 20 year old Tamara Slijkhuis fron Apeldoorn, Gelderland

</doc>
<doc id="18731466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731466" title="List of airlines of Benin">
List of airlines of Benin


</doc>
<doc id="18731467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731467" title="Outstanding Natural Area">
Outstanding Natural Area

Outstanding Natural Area is a protected area designation in the United States. The designations are managed by the Bureau of Land Management within the National Landscape Conservation System. There are a number of outstanding natural areas and open space reserves in the country, three of which have lighthouses. 
The following is a partial list of ONAs.

</doc>
<doc id="18731473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731473" title="Jean-Baptiste Mugiraneza">
Jean-Baptiste Mugiraneza

Jean-Baptiste Mugiraneza (born July 25, 1988 in Kigali) is a Rwandan footballer, who is currently playing for APR FC.
Career.
Migi began his career for SC Kiyovu Sport and signed 2007 for League rival APR FC. On 9 February 2009 was linked with a move to famous French blub Stade Rennais F.C.-
International career.
Mugiraneza is a regular starter on the Rwanda national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="18731494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731494" title="Tainan Station">
Tainan Station

Tainan Station () is a railway station of the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line located in East District, Tainan, Taiwan. Situated in center of the old town square of Tainan, Tainan Station is the main station of the city and also one of the major stations along the western trunk line in Taiwan.
The Shalun Line, opened in 2011, allows through services to link the station with THSR Tainan Station.
Overview.
The station has one island platform and one side platform. The current station structure opened on March 15, 1936, which included a hotel on the second floor (the only station of its kind in Taiwan). The hotel closed in 1965, and the restaurant was closed in 1986.
Construction is ongoing for a plan to move the tracks and station underground by 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="18731503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731503" title="Extel">
Extel

Extel (the Exchange Telegraph company) was founded in 1872 with its initial undertaking being the laying of the first telegraphic cable on the Atlantic seabed to electronically connect London and New York. Over the next 100+ years Extel (the name coming into common use for the company in the 1950s) grew into one of the leading news agencies, provider of financial information and associated businesses. Among the many notable achievement were 'Extel Cards', the very first corporate snapshots/tear-sheets with brief data on profit and loss, employees, business activities and executive management. Extel Cards, naturally in hard copy, were first produced in 1922.
Recent history.
Extel was acquired by United Newspapers in 1987. In 1991, Extel set up a joint venture with Agence France Presse to create a financial news service, AFX News. Pearson PLC acquired Extel in 1993 and merged it as Financial Times Information into its Financial Times Division. Financial Times reorganised the company into two divisions: Market Data and Research. The research division retained the Extel branding.
Primark acquired the Extel brand from Pearson in 1999 and it became part of Thomson Financial in 2000. AFP's share in "AFX News" was sold in 2006 to Thomson Financial.
Extel is now a part of Thomson Reuters
Extel survey.
The Extel Survey began in 1974, when an independent consultant, Geoffrey Osmint, conceived the idea of collecting views and votes from fund managers on the services and advice they were getting from research analysts at stockbroking houses (or investment statisticians as analysts were then called).
The first Survey, produced in October 1974, saw some 53 fund management firms take part (compared to 1,615 in 2008), and interest quickly grew to around 120 asset management firms giving their views. The Survey was run independently by Geoffrey Osmint. Between 1974 and 1985 it was sponsored by Continental Illinois Bank of the USA.
With the demise of Continental Illinois in 1985, the Survey became the Extel Survey, although it continued under the careful direction of Geoffrey Osmint until 1998, when on completion of the 25th annual Survey he left the scene.
Initially the Survey focused on the UK investment market only, and still in 1999 it had a significant UK bias, in the data collected and the location of respondents.
Since Extel Surveys became the Thomson Extel Surveys and now Thomson Reuters Extel Surveys there have been a range of enhancements.
The Extel Survey now runs market surveys and produces bespoke studies for clients worldwide - helping all three sides of the investment community to identify excellence and inform investment decisions.

</doc>
<doc id="18731505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731505" title="Jin Kab-yong">
Jin Kab-yong

Jin Kab-Yong (Hangul: 진갑용, Hanja: 陳甲龍) (born May 8, 1974 in Busan, South Korea) is a catcher who plays for the Samsung Lions in the Korea Baseball Organization. He bats and throws right-handed.
Amateur career.
In February 1993, while attending Busan High School in Busan, South Korea, Jin was selected for the South Korea national baseball team as a high schooler to compete in the 17th Asian Baseball Championship in Perth, Australia.
After the competition, he began his collegiate career at Korea University in Seoul, South Korea. At Korea University, he led his team to numerous national college titles alongside his battery mates Son Min-Han and Jo Seong-min, and did not miss any single international competition that the South Korea national baseball team participated during his four years at college, garnering national attention as a highly regarded baseball prospect.
Professional career.
Jin was selected by the OB Bears with the first pick in the 2nd Round of the 1997 KBO Draft. He entered the league with high expectation, but spent his first Bears career as a backup catcher, appearing in 95 games, hardly showing signs of promise as a starting catcher.
In 1998, Jin was named to the South Korea national baseball team that won the gold medal in the Asian Games in Bangkok, Thailand. Jin received a military exemption for winning the gold medal, along with the fellow gold medalists Park Chan-Ho, Seo Jae-Weong and Kim Byung-Hyun.
In the 1999 season, another catcher prospect Hong Sung-Heon was signed by the Bears upon graduation from college, and his arrival provided further fierce competition for the starting catcher position. In July 1999, Jin was eventually traded to the Samsung Lions.
In the 2000 season, the Lions signed All-Star veteran Kim Dong-Soo and made Jin return to the backup catcher. But after Kim was put on the disabled list during the season, Jin was the starting catcher for most of 2000. In 2001, Kim came back from the injury, but Jin shared the starting position behind the plate with Kim without being the backup again.
Upon Kim Dong-Soo's departure through free agency to the SK Wyverns in the winter of 2001, Jin earned the full-time position behind the plate for the Lions.
As the Lions' No. 1 catcher, Jin led his team to the 2002, 2005 and 2006 Korean Series champions.
He played for South Korea at the 2006 World Baseball Classic, and led his team to the bronze medal, sharing the starting position behind the plate with Hong Sung-Heon and Jo In-seong.
In 2008, Jin was selected for the South Korea national baseball team to compete in the Beijing Olympic Games. In Beijing, he played in the first five games as a starting catcher. However, after the game against Chinese Taipei, he was out of the starting lineup because of a hamstring injury. In the gold medal game against Cuba, Jin was unexpectedly sent back behind the plate right after his fellow catcher Kang Min-Ho was ejected by the plate umpire for arguing strikes and balls in the bottom of the ninth inning, and contributed to escaping the one-out bases-loaded jam by inducing a game-ending double play along with closer Chong Tae-Hyon to edge Cuba 3-2.

</doc>
<doc id="18731522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731522" title="Brun sieve">
Brun sieve

In the field of number theory, the Brun sieve (also called Brun's pure sieve) is a technique for estimating the size of "sifted sets" of positive integers which satisfy a set of conditions which are expressed by congruences. It was developed by Viggo Brun in 1915.
Description.
In terms of sieve theory the Brun sieve is of "combinatorial type": that is, derives from a careful use of the inclusion-exclusion principle.
Let "A" be a set of positive integers ≤ "x" and let "P" be a set of primes. For each "p" in "P", let "A""p" denote the set of elements of "A" divisible by "p" and extend this to let "A""d" the intersection of the "A""p" for "p" dividing "d", when "d" is a product of distinct primes from "P". Further let A1 denote "A" itself. Let "z" be a positive real number and "P"("z") denote the primes in "P" ≤ "z". The object of the sieve is to estimate
We assume that |"A""d"| may be estimated by 
where "w" is a multiplicative function and "X"   =   |"A"|. Let
Brun's pure sieve.
This formulation is from Cojocaru & Murty, Theorem 6.1.2. With the notation as above, assume that 
where "C", "D", "E" are constants.
Then
In particular, if log "z" < "c" log "x" / log log "x" for a suitably small "c", then
Applications.
The last two results were superseded by Chen's theorem.

</doc>
<doc id="18731532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731532" title="Terry Evans (footballer born 1976)">
Terry Evans (footballer born 1976)

Terry Evans (born 8 January 1976 in Pontypridd) is a Welsh footballer who currently plays for Welsh Premier League side Haverfordwest County. He is a right back.
Career.
Evans began his career as a youth team member at Cardiff City. After completing a two year YTS scheme, he made his professional debut in a 2-1 defeat to Bristol Rovers in January 1994 and made a handful of appearances during the season, including earning under 21 caps for Wales. He switched to the Welsh Premier League to play for Barry Town and was part of the side that found some success in European football. 
In 2001 returned to The Football League with Swansea City where, after beginning the season on the bench, he established himself in the first team, making 16 appearances in all competitions, before his season was ended in February 2002 when he suffered a double fracture in his jaw after being struck by a deliberate elbow thrown by David Partridge during a match against Leyton Orient on 9 February 2002. Evans was released by Swansea at the end of the 2002–03 season, moving to non-league club Newport County. After one season at Newport he was released by then manager Peter Nicolas in June 2005. He then had a brief spell playing for Cardiff Grange Quins, but re-joined Newport County in 2005. After a good, Terry was dropped by Peter Beadle for the match against Weymouth, unhappy at being dropped he did not turn up to the next match against Bognor Regis and did not answer any of the phone calls when the club tried to contact him.

</doc>
<doc id="18731540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731540" title="August 2008 European tornado outbreak">
August 2008 European tornado outbreak

The August 2008 European tornado outbreak was a widespread severe weather event which spawned thirteen tornadoes in four countries, one of which killed three people in France. This particular tornado reached F4 intensity.
__TOC__
Meteorological synopsis.
On August 3, several areas of low pressure developed. Frontal systems extended from one of the lows, stretching from the Azores to the Germany coastline.
Hautmont tornado.
The 2008 Hautmont, France tornado was a powerful tornado which touched down near the town of Hautmont, France late on August 3, 2008. The tornado left a path of destruction about long through several small towns. Météo-France, the French national weather service, classified it as an F4. The hardest hit town was Hautmont, where three people were killed and another nine were injured by the tornado. Many well-built brick homes were severely damaged or destroyed. Another man committed suicide after the tornado had destroyed his home. Among the four who died were the Deputy Mayor of Hautmont and his wife, who were found underneath the rubble of their home the day after the tornado struck.
The three other towns affected by the tornado were Maubeuge, Neuf-Mesnil and Boussieres-sur-Sambre. In total, about 1000 homes were damaged, with 250 rendered uninhabitable.

</doc>
<doc id="18731570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731570" title="USS Passaconaway (AN-86)">
USS Passaconaway (AN-86)

USS "Passaconaway" (YN-111/AN-86) was a built for the United States Navy during World War II. She was commissioned in April 1945 and spent her entire career in the Pacific Ocean. She was decommissioned in December 1946 and placed in reserve. She was sold to the Dominican Republic in September 1976 as patrol vessel "Separación" (P208). , "Separación" remained active in the Dominican Navy.
Career.
"Passaconaway" (AN–86), The second ship to be so named by the Navy, authorized as "YN-111", was laid down 15 April 1944 by Marine Iron and Shipbuilding Co., Duluth, Minnesota; launched 30 June 1944, sponsored by Miss Elizabeth Jayne Hughes; commissioned 27 April 1945.
Following shakedown, "Passaconaway" transited the Panama Canal and served with ServRon 4 during the later stages of World War II. She tended anti-submarine nets in the Admiralty Islands during the summer of 1945, then for the next 12 months was engaged throughout the Western Pacific Ocean in other operations common to her type. She laid channel buoys in the Caroline Islands, conducted salvage operations and set mooring buoys in the Mariana Islands, and assisted other ships in supplying Marcus Island and Iwo Jima. Following a brush with a typhoon in the spring of 1946, she was ordered to Pearl Harbor for repairs after which she returned to San Diego, California, where she decommissioned in December. 
"Passaconaway" was transferred to the U.S. Maritime Administration in October 1962 as a part of the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Suisun Bay, California, until being transferred to MARAD National Defense Reserve Fleet, Suisun Bay, Benicia, California, in October 1970. "Passaconaway" was transferred to the Dominican Republic in September 1976 as patrol vessel "Separación" (P208). , the ship remained in active service with the Dominican Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="18731587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731587" title="Space Harp">
Space Harp

The Space Harp, also known as a Frankiphone, is an electrified lamellophone invented by Phil Cohran as part of a musicological experiment exploring his African roots. He named it after his mother, Frankie. It was first recorded during his tenure with Sun Ra on his album "Angels and Demons at Play".
Later recordings of the Frankiphone include his work in the 1960s with The Artistic Heritage Ensemble, now available on the album entitled "On the Beach". This album consists of recordings of The Artistic Heritage Ensemble, which included a number of well known musicians including Don Myrick (horn player with Earth, Wind and Fire), Pete Cosey (guitarist with Miles Davis) and "Master" Henry Gibson (studio percussionist for Motown). Released in 2007, the entire album revolves around the rhythmic and harmonic stylings of the Frankiphone.

</doc>
<doc id="18731606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731606" title="Mountview Falls">
Mountview Falls

Mountview Falls is a 10 metre high complex classic cascade waterfall found in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Dundas Valley Conservation Area, Tiffany Falls, Iroquoia Heights Conservation Area, Chedoke Radial Trail, Chedoke Golf Course.
Directions.
From Highway 403 take the Aberdeen Avenue exit and then turn right onto Queen Street South up the Escarpment, where it will turn into "Beckett Drive". Follow this road until it becomes "Scenic Drive" and park at the Chedoke Radial Trail parking lot on your right. Follow the Chedoke Radial Trail/ Bruce Trail east to the first ravine on the right. The waterfall is located in this ravine.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18731610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731610" title="Henry Browne">
Henry Browne

Henry Browne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18731613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731613" title=".38-55 Winchester">
.38-55 Winchester

The .38-55 Winchester cartridge (actually .3775 caliber) was introduced in 1876 by Ballard. It was used by Marlin Firearms from 1875 on for various single-shot target rifles and their 1893 lever action rifle. It was later offered by Winchester in its Model 1894. Winchester continued to use the round in various rifles until about 1940, and also used it in a few commemorative editions of rifles since then. In addition, Marlin offered it in some 336s and it was used in non-lever action rifles such as the Remington-Lee bolt-action and Colt's New Lightning pump-action rifles.
A modernized version of the cartridge debuted in 1978 as the .375 Winchester, designed with higher pressures and to be used in modern firearms only. It is not safe to fire factory .375 Win ammunition in rifles chambered in .38-55, especially in older examples. The brass is very similar (shorter by approx. 1 mm), but using modern, higher pressure .375 loads in an older rifle could cause serious injury to the shooter.
The .38-55 is renowned for its exceptional accuracy at ranges up to . It is often used to hunt black bear and deer at moderate ranges, and is also used in Cowboy Action Shooting side matches.

</doc>
<doc id="18731621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731621" title="Battle of Sphacteria (1825)">
Battle of Sphacteria (1825)

The Battle of Sphacteria was fought on 8 May 1825 in Sphacteria, Greece between the Egyptian forces of Ibrahim Pasha and Greek forces led by Captain Anastasios Tsamados along with Alexandros Mavrokordatos.
Battle.
Commanding both a powerful army and navy, Ibrahim initiated attacks on both Paliokastro and the island of Sphacteria. As a result, Mavrocordatos rushed to their defense while Captain Tsamados from Hydra held off Ibrahim's forces. Fifteen hundred Arabs landed on the island only to be met with resistance by Tsamados who led a small contingent of sailors and soldiers. Shot in the leg, Tsamados continued fighting on his knees until he was killed.
The remaining Greek sailors rushed back to their ship, the "Aris", and with Mavrocordatos sailed through a Turkish fleet of thirty-four ships. For four hours, the remaining Greeks were bombarded and casualties entailed two dead along with eight wounded.

</doc>
<doc id="18731627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731627" title="Richard Shelley">
Richard Shelley

Richard Shelley (d. in Marshalsea prison, London, probably in February or March, 1586) was an English recusant who presented to Elizabeth I of England, or her Parliament, a petition drawn up to request greater religious tolerance for Roman Catholics. The details being disputed, he was imprisoned and died.
Life.
The third son of John Shelley of Michelgrove, Clapham, Sussex, he was for some time abroad in attendance on his uncle Sir Richard Shelley, the last Grand Prior of England of the Order of Knights Hospitallers of St. John of Jerusalem. He was given permission to return to England in May, 1583, which he did shortly afterwards.
The petition.
Two accounts are extant of the petition he presented on behalf of his fellow Catholics, at that time severely limited by legislation in the practice of their religion. 
One is by Peter Penkevel, who was his servant in the Marshalsea at the time of his death. This is printed by John Hungerford Pollen. Peter Penkevel says he came to London about 1584, when Mr. Robert Bellamy and others were prisoners in the Marshalsea: but Robert Bellamy was not committed there till 30 January 1586. So Penkevel must be wrong in his dates, and all that he knows about the petition, which was presented (as he says, to the queen) nearly a year previously, is mere hearsay. 
John Strype on the other hand seems to have seen the petition, and according to him it was presented to Parliament. The only result was that Richard Shelley was sent to the Marshalsea, 15 March 1585. There he remained till his death, which probably took place in February or March, 1586. He was certainly alive and in the Marshalsea in October, 1585. He was sick when Peter Penkevel came to him, and "shortly after died, a constant confessor in the said prison".
Richard Shelley of Findon.
This Richard Shelley must be distinguished from the Richard Shelley of Findon, Sussex, and All Cannings, Wiltshire (second son of Edward Shelley of Warminghurst, Sussex, and brother of Edward Shelley the martyr), who was committed to the Marshalsea for his religion, 13 August 1580. Mass was said in his chamber there by the priest William Hartley, 24 August 1582. He was still there 8 April 1584, but was liberated soon after. He was again in prison in 1592.

</doc>
<doc id="18731636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731636" title="Marcus Aemilius Lepidus Porcina">
Marcus Aemilius Lepidus Porcina

Marcus Aemilius Lepidus Porcina was a member of the important Roman gens Aemilia, consul in 137 BC. He was probably son of Marcus Aemilius Lepidus, tribune in 190 BC.
Command in Spain.
He was sent to Spain during his consulship to succeed his colleague Gaius Hostilius Mancinus, who had been defeated by the Numantines. While he was waiting for reinforcements from home, as he was not yet in condition to attack the Numantines, he resolved to make war upon the Vaccaei, under the pretence of their having assisted the Numantines. However, the Senate, immediately after knowing his decision, send deputies to command him to desist from his design, as they deprecated a new war in Spain, after experiencing so many disasters. Lepidus, however, had commenced the war before the deputies arrived and had summoned to his assistance his relation, Decimus Junius Brutus Callaicus, who commanded in Further Spain and was a general of considerable experience and skill.
Notwithstanding his aid, Lepidus was unsuccessful. After laying waste the open country, the two generals laid siege to Palantia, the capital of the Vaccaei (the modern Palencia), but they suffered so dreadfully from want of provisions, that they were obliged to raise the siege and a considerable part of their army was destroyed by the enemy in their retreat. This happened in the proconsulship of Lepidus (136 BC) and when the news reached Rome, Lepidus was deprived of his command and condemned to pay a fine.
Lepidus was augur in 125 BC, when he was summoned by the censors Gnaeus Servilius Caepio and Lucius Cassius Longinus Ravilla, to account for having built a house in too magnificent style.
Politics.
Lepidus was a man of education and refined taste. Cicero, who had read his speeches, speaks of him as the greatest orator of his age and says that he was the first who introduced Latin oratory the smooth and even flow of words and the artificial construction of sentences which distinguished Greek. He helped to form the style of Tiberius Gracchus and Gaius Carbo, who were accustomed to listen to him with great care.
He was, however, very deficient in a knowledge of law and Roman institutions. In politics Lepidus seems to have belonged to the aristocratic party. He opposed in his consulship the law for introducing ballots ("Lex Cassia Tabellaria") proposed by Lucius Cassius Longinus Ravilla and it appears from a fragment of Priscian, that Lepidus spoke in favour of a repeal of the lex Aemilia, which was probably the sumptuary law proposed by the consul Marcus Aemilius Scaurus in 115 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="18731638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731638" title="2004 Baltimore Ravens season">
2004 Baltimore Ravens season

The 2004 Baltimore Ravens season was the team's ninth season in the NFL. They were unable to improve upon their previous output of 10–6 and a playoff appearance, instead going 9–7 and missing the playoffs.
The 2004 season was the subject of the John Feinstein non-fiction book "Next Man Up"; the result of Feinstein spending the season behind the scenes with the team.

</doc>
<doc id="18731640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731640" title="Bentzon">
Bentzon

Persons with the last name Bentzon:

</doc>
<doc id="18731642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731642" title="Height of Buildings Act of 1910">
Height of Buildings Act of 1910

The Height of Buildings Act of 1910 (DC ST § 6-601) was an Act of Congress passed by the 61st United States Congress on June 1, 1910 to limit the height of buildings in Washington, D.C. The original act was passed on March 1, 1899 when the 55th United States Congress approved the Height of Buildings Act of 1899. The original act restricted the heights of any type of building in the United States capital city of Washington, D.C., to be no higher than 110 feet. In 1910, the 61st United States Congress enacted a new height restriction law limiting building heights to 130 feet, or the width of the right-of-way of the street or avenue on which a building fronts, whichever is shorter. That is the main law presented by this act.
Background.
In response to the construction of the 164-foot (50-meter) Cairo Hotel in 1894, D.C. Commissioners issued height regulations for buildings in D.C., limiting their height to for residential and for business, or to the width of the street in front, whatever was smaller. The original Height of Buildings Act, passed by Congress in 1899, removed the front street restriction, but reaffirmed limiting buildings to on residential streets and on business streets. It also made an exception for buildings on business streets wide, which were permitted to be tall.
The 1899 act was amended in 1910 to add the restriction that the height of any building would be limited to the width of the adjacent street plus up to a maximum of on residential streets, on commercial streets, and on a small portion of Pennsylvania Avenue; thus, a building facing a -wide commercial street could be tall.
Section 5.
The amendment contains nine sections, though Section 5 enforces the restriction of heights of buildings in the city. Section 5 of the Building Height Amendment Act of 1910, 36 Stat. 452 (formerly codified as amended at D.C. Code Ann. § 5-405 (1994)) ("Height Act"), contains limitations on the permissible heights of buildings in the District of Columbia. Those limitations depend on the width of the street on which a building will front, and on whether the street is a business or a residential street. In addition, the Height Act provides that the maximum height of buildings on blocks adjacent to public buildings "shall be regulated by a schedule adopted by the Council of the District of Columbia." Since 1910, the Commissioners of the District of Columbia, and subsequently the Council, have exercised their authority to set such further height limitations under a Schedule of Heights in 15 different areas of the District adjacent to public buildings, including the blocks around the White House, the Supreme Court building, and the congressional office buildings.
Tallest buildings in Washington, D.C..
The Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception, completed in 1959, was granted an exemption to the law by the District Zoning Commission. The National Shrine stands as the tallest building in Washington, D.C., excluding the Washington Monument. When the original act was passed in 1899, the Old Post Office Building was grandfathered in, and remains as the tallest high-rise federal building in the city. The tallest commercial building in Washington, D.C. (another one granted an exception) is One Franklin Square, the fifth highest building in the city, which was completed in 1989 and rises to .
Legislative update.
On July 19, 2012, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives held a hearing on "Changes to the Height Act: Shaping Washington, D.C., for the Future." Chairman Darrell Issa from California (R) requested that the National Capital Planning Commission (NCPC) and the District of Columbia review the Height of Buildings Act of 1910 to determine how it continues to serve both federal and local interests and how any modifications to the law could potentially affect the city into the future. Each entity was to provide Chairman Issa with a timetable for a joint proposal by November 2012. As a result, the NCPC and the District of Columbia worked jointly and agreed to provide studies and recommendations to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform by Fall 2013. One of the key issues that the NCPC was reviewing as part of their study is the issue of "Federal Interest". Congress has reaffirmed the "federal interest" related to the Height of Buildings Act within the 1973 District of Columbia Self-Government and Governmental Reorganization Act (Home Rule Act). The “federal interest” is defined to include the setting of iconic federal buildings and grounds within the monumental core, elements of the L’Enfant Plan to include vistas and open space above the streets, federal agency offices and federal park sites throughout the city, and matters related to security and infrastructure. Congress maintains the right to repeal any act passed by the DC Council. In fact, as recently as 1991, Congress disapproved a DC Council action that had amended the Schedule of Heights for the city which was to allow building heights in excess of what is allowed under the Height Act. The final recommendations from the NCPC's Federal Interest Report and Findings have been released on November 19, 2013. These recommendations, along with the District of Columbia's "Height Master Plan for the District of Columbia: Evaluation and Draft Recommendations, September 20, 2013" will be forwarded to Chairman Darrell Issa for consideration in possible modifications to the Height of Buildings Act.
Proposed policy changes.
The current policy of the 1910 Height Act has been in place with only small modifications for over 100 years. Its influence on the development of the city both within the monumental core and beyond has shaped the iconic skyline of the Nation’s Capital. In order to determine if the city could be provided some relief related to building heights within the original boundaries of the L’Enfant Plan and a loosening of federal oversight outside of the monumental core while protecting federal interests, a revisiting of policy was deemed warranted by Congress at this time.
One specific issue the District of Columbia government identified that is impacting development within the downtown core is the law prohibiting the use of the penthouse level (i.e. roof) for needs other than mechanical (i.e. HVAC equipment) structures. For example, the height of a building as calculated by the Height Act does not include roof top structures used for mechanical needs within the total allowable height. However, if structures on the roof top (such as a pool house associated with a roof top pool) are constructed for human occupation, it is then calculated as part of the overall height of the building under the law. As a result, architects and designers currently would have to lower their building designs by an entire floor to allow for some human occupied space on the roof, if the building is to reach the maximum allowable height. By allowing usable, human occupying space at the penthouse level, the District of Columbia is arguing that there would be no real impact on the overall height limit and it would not change the “human scale” of the current landscape within the city. The current allowable height within the downtown area of the city prohibits “people’s enjoyment of some of the city’s greatest spaces and most striking views”.
The second problem identified focuses on the area of the District of Columbia outside of the original Federal City laid out by L’Enfant. This area is typically north of Florida Avenue, NW (originally known as Boundary Avenue) and east of the Anacostia River. The passage of the 1973 District of Columbia Self-Government and Governmental Reorganization Act (Home Rule Act) allowed for many local government functions to be controlled at the local level for the first time. However, within the Home Rule Act, Congress specifically stated that the DC Council does not have the authority to “enact any act, resolution or rule which permits the building of any structure within the District of Columbia in excess of the height limitations contained in Section 5 of the Height Act.” The District of Columbia can argue that its local zoning regulations are as stringent, if not more stringent, in managing building heights throughout the District. The local government has been a strong steward of the evolving architectural landscape of the city through zoning and preservation laws since gaining control through the Home Rule Act.
On November 19, 2013, the National Capital Planning Commission released their final recommendations regarding the Height Master Plan for Washington, DC. The plan, which looked at the question of possible changes to the Height of Buildings Act of 1910, also reviewed "who or what entity should manage building heights... gave voice to questions related to Home Rule as well as the role of the U.S. Congress...". The Commission has put forth four recommendations for Congress' consideration that would include both keeping the status quo in one instance, but proposing policy changes in the other. The first recommendation focuses on the area of the District of Columbia within the original L'Enfant city. "Due to the concentration of federal interests within the L'Enfant City and to protect the integrity of the form and character of the nation's capital, the federal Height Act should remain in place and no changes should be made to the formula or approach for calculating allowable building height." The second recommendation focuses on the area outside of the L'Enfant City and provides the District of Columbia government a mechanism in which to identify targeted areas in the city where they could proposed building heights to exceed the maximium currently allowed by the 1910 Height Act. "These may be authorized through the existing "Comprehensive Plan" process, pending Congressional approval. Should such targeted exceptions be authorized through the "Comprehensive Plan", the Height Act would remain in place for all other areas both inside and outside of the L'Enfant City." The third recommendation focuses on the important vistas that currently exist within the city. "The city's most significant viewsheds, to include without limitations, those to and from the U.S. Capitol and White House, should be further evaluated and federal and local protections established, which include policies in the Federal and District Elements of the "Comprehensive Plan"." Finally, the last recommendation is in response to a specific request that the District of Columbia government put forth before Congress during the hearing in 2012. The National Capital Planning Commission agrees and recommends amending "the Height Act to allow for human occupancy in existing and future penthouses, with restrictions." 

</doc>
<doc id="18731655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731655" title="Mambo Taxi">
Mambo Taxi

Mambo Taxi were a London based British band that were linked with Riot Grrrl, who formed in 1991 and split up in 1995.
History.
Mambo Taxi were inspired by the UK garage rock scene and US punk. Their sound was a mixture of garage, punk, and pop and they also had links to British riot grrrl bands such as Huggy Bear. Drummer Anjali Bhatia left in 1992 in order to form the Voodoo Queens and guitarist Ella Guru joined her in 1993. The other members of the 1992 line-up appearing on the first single were Lenie (bass/vocals), Delia (guitar/vocals), Andrea (organ/vocals). Karin Rapp played drums after Anjali's departure, starting with the second single.
The band's name was taken from the film "Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown" and was a reference to the Mambo Taxi used by the film's heroine. Ella Guru, in an interview with NME’s Sam Stallard in 1992, described it as “tacky” but “with all sorts of different things in it that sort of clash, but everything’s useful as well as fun.” Lenie is from Belgium, Ella from Ohio, whilst Delia and Andrea are British.
Following the bands dissolution, Delia went on to be in The Phantom Pregnancies along with members of Huggy Bear and Wat Tyler, and has proved to be the most prolific of the band, later appearing in the line-up of Baby Birkin and the Family Way.
As of 2008, Andrea and Delia are in The Nuns, which is a cover band which plays songs by The Monks; also in the band is Debbie Smith, formerly of Echobelly and Curve.
Discography.
Album.
"In Love With…" (Clawfist, HUNKALP7, 1994)
Track listing:<br>
Pink Side
Green Side
Compilations.
"V/A – Seek Refuge From Your Intolerable Situation, Say No To Male Violence "(Garden Of Delights, 1994) Features the track "Foolish Little Girl"
"V/A – Gay Pride (You Don’t Know What You’re Missing)" (Rugger Bugger, 1994) Features the track "Brett From Suede (It's About Time You Got Laid) By A Man"

</doc>
<doc id="18731659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731659" title="Dionte Johnson">
Dionte Johnson

Dionte Johnson (born June 28, 1986 in Columbus, Ohio) is an American football fullback for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League. He was signed by the Cardinals as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Ohio State. He was released by the Cardinals because of an ankle injury.
Dionte now owns and operates a sneaker boutique in Columbus, Ohio's Short North Arts District, as well as a clothing brand, also based out of Columbus, called Kingsrowe. Dionte also is an assistant football coach at his Alma-mater Eastmoor Academy. 
Personal.
He is the son of former NFL linebacker and current New England Patriots assistant coach Pepper Johnson and Monica Hawkins. Johnson's godfather, Keith Byars, is a former NFL running back for the Philadelphia Eagles, Miami Dolphins, New England Patriots and New York Jets. Johnson was married in 2013 to Jessica Ingram.

</doc>
<doc id="18731663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731663" title="Åbo IFK">
Åbo IFK

Åbo IFK (or ÅIFK for short) is a sports club from Turku, Finland. The club was founded in 1908.
Background.
The greatest successes of ÅIFK have come in football where it has won three Finnish championship titles, in 1910, 1920 and 1924. It has played a total of 9 seasons in the Finnish premier division Mestaruussarja, the last occasion in 1967. It also won the Finnish Cup in 1965 and participated in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in the 1966–67 season, going out in the first round. Currently the ÅIFK football team is playing in the third tier Kakkonen.
ÅIFK has also fared well in handball with both its men's and women's teams playing at the national top level at the moment. Moreover, the club has previously played at the top level in ice hockey.
Currently the club has activities in football, handball, athletics and bowling.
The chairman of the football club is Kari Bäcklund. Since 2008, and also briefly in the 1990s, ÅIFK has acted as the reserve club for TPS.
The highest ever attendance for a ÅIFK match was in 1967 when 5,861 people attended the home game with Turun Palloseura.
Divisional movements since 1930.
Top Level (9 seasons): 1930, 1932–35, 1963–65, 1967<br>
Second Level (12 seasons): 1936, 1938–39, 1943/44-45, 1961–62, 1966, 1968–70, 2000<br>
Third Level (12 seasons): 1986, 1988–89, 1991, 1994–96, 1998–99, 2001, 2008–current
Club structure.
ÅIFK runs 2 men's teams, 1 veteran's teams, 7 boys teams, 1 ladies team, 4 girls teams and a Footballschool for girls.
2010 season.
For the current season Åbo IFK are competing in Section B of the Kakkonen. This is the third tier of the Finnish football system. In 2009 the team finished in ninth position in their Kakkonen section.
Åbo IFK 2 are participating in the Nelonen administered by the Turku SPL. This team has taken over a club called Goose Park Rangers FC that competed at this level in 2009.
Åbo IFK 3 are competing in the Vitonen administered by the Turku SPL. Last season Åbo IFK 2 were promoted to this level from the Kutonen.

</doc>
<doc id="18731673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731673" title="Mark Letheren">
Mark Letheren

Mark Letheren (born 1971) is an English actor possibly best known for his roles as journalist Simon Kitson in ITV1s drama "The Bill", as Ben Harding in the BBC1 drama "Casualty" and for his recurring role as DS Kevin Geoffries in "Wire in the Blood".
Early life.
Letheren was born in Chelmsford, Essex, United Kingdom. He attended Ardingly College and the Guildhall School of Music and Drama.
Career.
His large screen debut was in "Restoration", with Robert Downey, Jr. in 1995.
Television.
He has acted in many television dramas, including "Wire In The Blood", "The Bill", "Silent Witness", "Casualty", "Holby City", "Waking The Dead", "Heartbeat" and "A Touch of Frost".
Stage.
He has also performed on stage many times throughout his career. He played Jamie in the world premiere of Jonathan Harvey's "Beautiful Thing", starred in Mark Healey's adaptation of John Fowles' "The Collector", and toured the US with the Royal Shakespeare Company, as Francis Flute in "A Midsummer Night's Dream".

</doc>
<doc id="18731682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731682" title="Bhuwan K.C.">
Bhuwan K.C.

Bhuwan K.C. (, born: 23 August 1957) is a Nepali film actor and producer. He has acted in more than a hundred films, including some foreign films, in his film career of almost 30 years. "Nepali Babu" is one of his hit films. His other films that have become hits are "Samjhana", "Kusume Rumal", "Saino", "Dakshina", "Kanyadan", "Chelibeti" and "Juni".

</doc>
<doc id="18731687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731687" title="Battle of Doliana">
Battle of Doliana

The Battle of Doliana took place during the Greek War of Independence on 18 May 1821.
Battle.
The Ottoman army met up with a Greek force of 200 men under Nikitas Stamatelopoulos (Greek:Νικήτας Σταματελόπουλος), better known as "Nikitaras" (Greek:Νικηταράς). The Greeks, though outnumbered, managed to knock out the Ottoman artillery and spread panic among their enemies, who left 300 dead on the battlefield and much booty. Nikitaras, who had up to that point lived in the shadow of his uncle Theodoros Kolokotronis, earned a name for himself and the nickname "Tourkofagos" (Greek: Τουρκοφάγος) (Turk-eater). Legend says that after the battle his sword had become stuck to his hand and could not be removed.
Significance.
The Battle of Doliana was a big morale booster for the irregular Greek army. It marked the last time the besieged Ottoman army left Tripolis, and it opened the way for the fall of that city and the firm establishment of the independence movement in the Peloponnese.

</doc>
<doc id="18731711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731711" title="News Xchange">
News Xchange

News Xchange is an annual conference for the international broadcast news industry. The event is run on a not-for-profit basis and is underwritten by Eurovision, which runs the global Eurovision Network as the operations department of the European Broadcasting Union. Each year the event lasts for two days and is sponsored by a range of organizations involved in news broadcasting around the world.
News Xchange locations.
The first News Xchange conference took place in 2002 in Ljubljana, Slovenia. Since then the event has been held in different locations each year:
News Xchange 2002, Ljubljana, Slovenia
News Xchange 2003, Budapest, Hungary
News Xchange 2004, Vilamoura, Portugal 
News Xchange 2005, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
News Xchange 2006, Istanbul, Turkey
News Xchange 2007, Berlin, Germany
News Xchange 2008, Valencia, Spain
News Xchange 2009, Valletta, Malta
News Xchange 2010 is to be held in Athens, Greece
News Xchange purpose.
The main purpose of the event is the discussion of issues currently affecting broadcast journalists and editors around the world. News Xchange attracts contributions from prominent figures from the broadcast news industry as well as politicians, opinion formers and other important individuals.
Distinction from News Exchanges.
The News Xchange conference (which has no 'E' at the start of Xchange) is distinct from Eurovision News Exchanges (with an 'E'); though the two are sometimes confused. Daily News Exchanges are organized by Eurovision on behalf of members of the European Broadcasting Union. News Xchange conference has no direct connection with these Exchanges and is open to all organizations and individuals involved in broadcast news.

</doc>
<doc id="18731716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731716" title="Éric Fassin">
Éric Fassin

Éric Fassin (born 1959) is a French sociologist. 
Fassin is an "agrégé" professor of sociology in the Department of Social Sciences at the École Normale Supérieure in Paris and also a researcher at Institut de recherche interdisciplinaire sur les enjeux sociaux. He also served as a contributing editor of Public Culture, a scholarly journal published by Duke University Press. 
His research focuses on contemporary sexual and racial politics in France and the United States, and their intersections (in particular, concerning immigration issues in Europe), in a comparative perspective. He is author of L'inversion de la question homosexuelle (2005), Droit conjugal et unions de même sexe: mariage, partenariat et concubinage dans neuf pays européens (with Kees Waaldijk, 2008) and Le sexe politique. Genre et sexualité au miroir transatlantique (2009). 

</doc>
<doc id="18731722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731722" title="Jinx (Rory Gallagher album)">
Jinx (Rory Gallagher album)

Jinx is the ninth studio release by the Irish musician Rory Gallagher.
Track listing.
Side one
Side two
CD bonus track
Personnel.
invited guests

</doc>
<doc id="18731729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731729" title="Darren Cave">
Darren Cave

Darren Cave (born 5 April 1987 at Holywood, Northern Ireland) is a professional rugby union player who currently plays centre for Ulster Rugby in the RaboDirect Pro12 and Heineken Cup.
A real attacking talent, Darren was another young player who has come up through the Ulster Academy system and upgraded his development contract to a full contract with Ulster ahead of the start of the 2008–09 season.
He is a strong runner and tackling centre who has made a rapid progression at international level, having won the Grand Slam with the Ireland Under-20s in 2007, starred in Ireland's Rugby World Cup Sevens qualification and he has represented Ireland 'A' as they won the Churchill Cup 2009.
In 2010/11 he struggled with injuries but returned towards the end of the season and scored some vital tries as Ulster reached the quarter-finals of the Heineken Cup and semi-finals of the Magners League. Cave showed excellent form on his return to action but picked up another injury in early 2012, just as he looked likely to be included in Ireland's Six Nations squad. He made another magnificent comeback as Ulster made the Heineken Cup final for just the second time in their history, but they lost to Leinster in the 2012 Heineken Cup Final, 42-14.
Cave has agreed a new two-year deal with Ulster in December 2012, keeping him at the Irish province until the summer of 2015. He told Ulster's website: ""Signing this new contract was probably the easiest decision that I have ever made in my life, especially at a time when the team have just won 12 competitive matches in a row. I honestly think that Ulster are going to win something between now and the summer of 2015 and I would never forgive myself if I wasn't around to be a part of that".
International career.
Cave was included in Ireland's extended 2009 RBS 6 Nations squad and won his first international cap against Canada in May 2009. His form was recognised with an International call up for the summer tour to New Zealand in June 2012 and he scored a try for an Ireland XV side that played Fiji at Thomond Park on November 17, 2012.
On Sunday 19 May 2013 Cave was named in the Ireland squad for their US and Canada summer tour and played in the first tour match against United States the following month on Saturday 8 June 2013 when they won 15-12. To date he currently has four caps for Ireland.
Private Life.
Outside of rugby, Cave is an keen supporter of Blackburn Rovers and is President of the Northern Ireland Blackburn Rovers Supporters Association. Caves quotes golfer Darren Clarke as one of his sporting heroes.
References.
,

</doc>
<doc id="18731731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731731" title="Adam Newman">
Adam Newman

Victor Adam Newman, Jr. is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless". Adam was created by William J. Bell as the son of Victor Newman (Eric Braeden) and Hope Wilson (Signy Coleman), and was born onscreen during the episode that aired on April 24, 1995. Adam left town two years after his birth and was raised in Kansas by his mother, and grew up without knowing that Victor was his father. In 2008, Chris Engen began portraying Adam as an adult. After a year in the role, Engen announced his exit from "The Young and the Restless" because of objections over his storyline, and Michael Muhney was recast in the role. Controversy arose two weeks after Muhney's debut when Adam seduced male character Rafe Torres (Yani Gellman). The media accused Engen of homophobia, but the actor dispelled these rumors, saying he was unhappy with his storyline long before the homosexuality plot twist was aired.
The character is known as a villain, described as "one of the most devious characters on daytime" by "The Advocate". He is notable for his relationships with Sharon Newman (Sharon Case)a pairing regarded as "dark" by SoapNet, and Chelsea Lawson (Melissa Claire Egan). Adam has a rivalry with his father, who often does not accept him as part of his family. In December 2013, Muhney was fired from the role amid rumors that he had sexually harassed co-star Hunter King. However, the rumors were never confirmed nor denied. He made his final appearance on January 30, 2014. Engen's portrayal garnered significant viewer support, while both viewers and critics have praised Muhney's portrayal.
Casting and creation.
Series creator William J. Bell created Victor Newman, Jr. in 1995 as part of a social issue storyline. The plot involved Hope Adams' decision to carry Victor's child to term despite the possibility that he could inherit his mother's blindness, which could manifest later in life. Adam was first portrayed in 1995 by infant actors, including twins Celeste and Coryn Williams, followed by Danielle and Sabrina Helper and then Spencer Klass. Hayden Tank played the role from December 1996 to August 1997, and returned for a guest appearance on June 26, 2002. In 2008, it was announced that the character had been rapidly aged to an adult. Chris Engen assumed the role of Adam on February 21, 2008.
In May 2009, it was announced that Engen was leaving the program and that Muhney had immediately been recast in the role. Muhney made his first appearance as Adam on June 25, 2009. In 2011, Muhney signed a contract that would keep him in the role for an unspecified period. In April 2013, Muhney announced that he had signed a new contract that would expire in June 2015. In December, however, Muhney announced that he had been abruptly let go from the soap opera, with his last airdate scheduled for January 30, 2014. 
Development.
Characterization and portrayal.
Adam's off-screen background was established to reflect that of his father; the character was highly self-motivated, studying at college and beginning a career in finance.
As the character's storyline progressed, he became "one of the most devious characters on daytime" as part of a Gothic plot in which Adam secretly torments Ashley, Victor's love interest, to get revenge on his father. The story called for Adam to be blind, with uncertainty whether his condition is genuine. Engen told Julie McElwain of "Soaps In Depth" that he was not sure how to portray the blindness. He said, "I didn't want to nail it on the head completely with the blindness, because I wasn't sure if the blindness was real. Signy portrayed Hope won awards for her portrayal of retinitis pigmentosa, and I thought it would be a dishonor to that if I came too close to the mark." Engen said that he thought that former executive producers, Maria Arena Bell and Paul Rauch, and the writers "know what they're doing, and right now it would seem like Adam is instigating more ... drama." The actor worried whether the character's actions might lead to him becoming "irredeemable", but also said he took it as a challenge to make what Adam does "interesting and human". In another interview, when asked what he likes about portraying Adam, Muhney stated: "You want to play a catalytic character. You know a troublemaker is good business. You know someone who doesn't swim with the fishes, who swims upstream in the other direction, is someone who is going to cause friction and turbulence in storyline with other characters. I have been told by many of my cast members that the role to play is Adam. They say, "If I were to have a choice, the character I would want to play is your role, Adam."
Relationships.
Adam's first romance was with Heather Stevens (Vail Bloom), which received viewer support. Engen said that he "thanked God" for that aspect of his storyline, that he felt Adam "genuinely loves" Heather and that she had been "the only light in this world of darkness that the character had lived in" since Engen started portraying the character. Adam stole Sharon's newborn baby, Faith, and gave her to Ashley Abbott (Eileen Davidson)whom he caused to have a miscarriage and a phantom pregnancy. Despite knowing this and seeing Sharon grieve, Adam bonded with her out of guilt; however, they fell in love and married. Muhney told SoapNet that Adam "unequivocally loves her 100%", and said, "You can argue as much logic as you want about what Adam has done and what he is doing." Sharon remained in love with Adam after his kidnapping of Faith was revealed. The soap's other characters, who viewed him as a criminal, were displeased with the romance. Case described Sharon's ability to forgive Adam as a "tough pill to swallow", and also compared it to Nick's love for Phylliswho had "blown people up and ran people over". Jamey Giddens of Zap2it described Adam and Sharon's relationship as "inappropriate" yet "red-hot". Several of Sharon's friends, including her ex-husband Jack, disowned her because of the relationship. After Sharon's conviction for the murder of Adam's ex-wife Skye, she escaped after being sentenced to life imprisonment. During this storyline, Case still supported the coupledubbed "Shadam" by viewerssaying that the pairing "took us all by surprise". Case also said, "That is what I was referring to with this storyline because of the pace and the vitality that "Shadam" has." While on the run, Sharon slept with a man named Sam when Adam thought she was dead. Feeling betrayed, Adam tricked her into a jailhouse wedding where he abandoned her, leaving Sharon heartbroken and angry.
NicholasSharon's first husband and Adam's brother, later forced Sharon to get a restraining order against Adam. The night before it became active, she spent the night with Adam, who vowed to fight to order, refusing to give Sharon up. Jae' Jones from "Yahoo!" said that Sharon's actions "always" lead her back to Adam. Adam was attacked by Patty Williams (Stacy Haiduk), and his impaired vision returned. Sharon looked after Adam and even returned him to his mother's farm in Kansas where they reconnected. Adam proposed to her and they returned to Genoa City. However, Sharon ended their relationship shortly after learning of Adam's role in freeing Pattywho went on to wreak havoc and hurt loved onesfrom a psychiatric hospital two years earlier. Although Sharon knew Adam had changed, she refused to bet anything on him.
Despite Adam's marriage to Chelsea Lawson (Melissa Claire Egan), he helped Sharon after she had a mental breakdown and burned down the Newman ranch. Case said that Sharon's relationship with Nick "held more weight", and that Sharon and Adam is "just as deep". Adam had an arsonist set fire to another building to avoid Sharon being implicated for the fire at the ranch. The arsonist burned down a restaurant owned by Chelsea's father. Chelsea became insecure and bitter towards Sharon, and was enraged at Adam for breaking the law to save Sharon. Chelsea warned Sharon to stay away from Adam; Sharon told her that Adam would never love Chelsea the way he loves her. Luke Kerr of "Zap2It" said that Chelsea was "out of her league" and the storyline was "fun".
Egan said: "I love working with Michael Muhney. I heard about him because my mom had watched "Y&R" before I joined. So when I told her my character was going to be mixed-up with Adam, she went, 'Oh! He is so good, but so bad'". Egan said that her mother "told me he was a great character, but an evil one, so I was really excited. And now knowing Michael, it has been so much fun." She said that "everyone seems to think we have good on-screen chemistry" and that "it's an interesting energy between Chelsea and Adam being the "bad guys" in town." Egan said Adam was Sharon's biggest supporter when Chelsea had Billy's baby and gave him up.
Controversial plot twist and recast.
When news broke of Engen's exit from the show, reporters speculated that he had quit because of personal objections over an upcoming same-sex relationship between Adam and Rafe Torres (Yani Gellman). Commentatorsincluding celebrity blogger Perez Hilton who wrote "homophobe" on an image of the actorcriticized Engen.
In an interview with "TV Guide Canada", former executive producer and head writer Maria Arena Bell stated that while she would not comment on Engen's decision, she was "saddened that they had to recast because Engen was really gelling in the role", but added that she had "no doubt" that Muhney would make Adam his own.
In another interview, Eileen Davidson, who portrayed Ashley Abbott, said that she "couldn't judge" Engen's decision since it was a "personal one". Davidson said, "Everybody has his or her own demonsand makes their own choices due to their creative process." In other interviews, Eric Braeden, who portrays Adam's father Victor Newman, stated his disappointment with Engen's departure, and told "Soap Opera Digest" that he unsuccessfully tried to convince the actor to stay with the soap opera. Braeden stated, "He was somewhat disturbed by the fact that he was playing this evil character. I said, 'Listen, I remember Victor feeding rats to people.' I told him to embrace it because he had the most riveting storyline around, period." In another interview with "Soaps In Depth", Braeden said that he too was "saddened by the fact that he left", saying it was a "hell of a role". Braeden also said, "Whatever personal reasons he has, you've got to respect that. But he was a very nice guy, very professional. We all liked working with him. We were shocked when he decided to leave, but that's his personal decision." After the controversy surrounding his departure from the show, Engen posted a message on his Myspace page stating he had been unhappy with Adam's storyline long before the homosexual plot twist had emerged. 
The following January, however, celebrity gossip site TMZ reported a rumor that Muhney had sexually harassed co-star Hunter King (who portrays Summer Newman). The site wrote: "38-year-old Muhney allegedly bullied and harassed 20-year-old Hunter King, who plays Summer on the show. She went to higher-ups and complained recently Muhney had fondled her breasts on 2 occasions — and she said both were unsolicited and unwanted." The rumor generated significant negative publicity for the soap opera; Margaret Eby of the "New York Daily News" wrote, "The set of "The Young and the Restless" may have turned into a real life soap opera thanks to star Michael Muhney, who was allegedly fired for groping one of his co-workers." Fox News reported that several viewers were upset by Muhney's firing and the sexual harassment allegations, writing: "Many "Y&R" fans were none too pleased to find out Muhney was leaving, and several blasted the allegations." TMZ later reported that angered viewers had paid US$785 to have an airplane fly over CBS Studios in Los Angeles with a banner to have Muhney rehired, and the plane flew three days later. Muhney made his final appearance on January 30, 2014.
Storylines.
Hope gives birth to Victor Adam Newman, Jr. in 1995, and soon after she and Victor divorce, prompting Hope to move to Kansas with Victor Jr. He was raised believing Cliff Wilson was his father until June 2002, when Victor visited Kansas to see Victor Jr. Six years later in February 2008, Hope tells Victor that she is dying from pancreatic cancer, and tells their sonknown as "Vic"that Victor is his father. A Harvard Business School graduate, Vic is resentful of Victor for abandoning his own child. He later agrees to move to Genoa City with Victor and work at his company, Newman Enterprises, but still refuses to build a relationship with his father. Vic then begins using the name Adam Newman, and is resented by Victor’s other children Victoria and Nicholas Newman (Amelia Heinle and Joshua Morrow) for splitting up their parents during Victor and Hope’s marriage. Victor's girlfriend Sabrina Costelana (Raya Meddine) urges him to mend his relationships with his children. Adam then begins dating Heather Stevens (Vail Bloom), and Victor’s dislike of her causes their romance to become secretive. When Victor is presumed dead while in Mexico searching for the men responsible for Sabrina’s death, Adam takes over at Newman Enterprises, fires his siblings and instates Victor’s nemesis Brad Carlton (Don Diamont). Adam's family are powerless to stop him after they discover Victor left most of his possessions to Adam in his will. Adam plots to frame Jack Abbott (Peter Bergman) for murder, but when Victor appears alive, Jack reverses the plot and Adam is framed for murder, resulting in his imprisonment. Heather begins to notice Adam’s failing eyesight; he may have inherited his mother’s blindness. After Adam is brutally beaten by an inmate, Victor has the charges against his son dropped.
In 2009, Adam becomes friends with Ashley Abbott (Eileen Davidson), who continuously hears a baby crying and finds things supposedly left for her by Sabrina, who is dead. The housekeeper Estella Munoz (Anne Betancourt) is blamed and arrested; however Adam was secretly gaslighting Ashley. Adam dresses as Sabrina and pushes Ashley down a staircase, causing her to miscarry her child, whose father is Victor. Adam then blackmails her doctor, Charles Taylor, into telling her that her child was still alive. Rafe Torres (Yani Gellman) is appointed to investigate Adam, who seduces him to divert his attention from Adam's criminal activity. Heather discovers Adam's affair with Rafe and ends her relationship with Adam. Ashley is admitted to a psychiatric hospital, where a pregnant Sharon Newman (Sharon Case) is also staying. Sharon goes into labor and Adam steals her daughter, Faith, and passes her off as Ashley’s child. Sharon believes her child had died, and guilt-ridden, Adam pursues a relationship with Sharon and they elope, but she leaves him when she remembers elements that contradict her losing her child. A note from a dying Charles Taylor saying that Ashley had miscarried and Faith is really Sharon and Nicholas’ daughter is found. Adam is jailed again, but gets the insane Patty Williams (Stacy Haiduk) to help him escape to attend a masquerade ball, where he unsuccessfully begs Sharon for forgiveness. An explosion at the ball occurs and a burned corpse is positively identified as Adam. Nicholas is arrested for Adam's murder. The corpse is actually that of Richard Hightower, to whom Adam had donated bone marrow and carries Adam's DNA. Adam meets up with Skye Lockhart (Laura Stone) and they plot a confidence trick together, but Adam still dreams of Sharon.
Adam and Skye, now married, return to Genoa City to testify on Nicholas’ behalf, but Adam fakes a mental breakdown and is sent to the psychiatric hospital where Patty is being treated. She recollects the night of Hightower’s death to the district attorney, but Adam confuses her, leads her out of the hospital, gives her a new identity and tells her never to return. Adam and Sharon reunite in New Orleans, just before he faces charges for murdering Skye. Sharon travels to Hawaii to prove Skye is alive, but she falls to her death in a volcano and Sharon is arrested for her murder. Adam help Sharon to escape from prison and flee the state, and she is presumed dead when her burned-out car is found. Sharon is actually carjacked and the carjacker died in the fire. Adam is devastated and still looks for proof that Sharon did not kill Skye. He eventually finds proof but when he discovers that Sharon had been living with a veterinarian in New Mexico, he disposes of the evidence in a river in July 2011. Adam then plots with Diane Jenkins (Maura West) to make Victor suffer, almost framing him for Diane’s murder. However, when Diane's murdered body is found, a six-month investigation ensues with Adam as an initial suspect. Adam again takes over at Newman Enterprises when Victor falsely confesses to the murder, and later reunites with Sharon, but she leaves him again when his scheme against Patty is revealed. Adam later befriends Chelsea Lawson (Melissa Claire Egan) and they begin dating in April 2012, later eloping to Kansas where Sharon tries to stop the wedding. Chelsea becomes pregnant but miscarries in a car accident with Summer Newman (Hunter King). Adam takes in Sharon, who is mentally unstable, and gets her the help she needs; Chelsea disapproves. After he is reinstated as chief executive officer at Newman Enterprises and shares a kiss with Sharon, Adam promises Chelsea they can move to Paris, but when he cannot leave the company they decide to divorce. While trying to save Victor, Adam is shot at Victor's wedding in March 2013, and they mend their relationship by working together at Newman Enterprises. Chelsea discovers she is pregnant again, but tells Adam the child was fathered by Dylan McAvoy (Steve Burton). After Adam finds out Connor is his son, he plans to go for full custody, and plans to cut Chelsea out of Connor's life, believing she is an unfit mother. Victor and Adam's partnership at the company ends months later when it is revealed that Adam's silent partner in taking Newman Enterprises private again was Jack. When Victor announces Katherine Chancellor (Jeanne Cooper) left her company, Chancellor Industries, to him in her will, Adam leaves him all of his shares in the company and resigns. Shortly after, Adam suspects he may have struck Delia Abbott (Sophie Pollono) with his car while driving on a dark road. After Delia dies in the accident, investigations begin to find the driver, leaving Adam guilt ridden.
Reception.
"Soaps In Depth" reported that Engen quickly gained viewer support after joining the cast as Adam, as did the character's romance with Heather. The support continued when the character took a dark turn. Engen said, "To think there was any likability left in the character baffles me! I'm very grateful to the fans ... they've been so supportive." The actor said fans wanted Adam either redeemed or turned into a gray character. "Soaps In Depth" also commended Adam's storyline. The magazine awarded Engen a gold star for portraying Adam as a gray character with "sardonic humor". "Soap Opera Digest" named Engen "performer of the week" for his final scenes as Adam, saying the actor "gave a performance that elevated Adam from an average villain to a complex mastermind".
The story of Adam causing Ashley's miscarriage was named "editor's choice" by the magazine. Engen was nominated for a "SoapCentral" Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in 2009. Some fans were upset that Adam and Rafe's "sex scene" was implied rather than shown onscreen; Branco spoke out about the issue, saying, "a sex scene between a straight and gay man could come off as offensive. Firstly, Adam would have to appear uncomfortable in the situation which could anger gay right groups, etc." Muhney also approved of the decision not to show the sex scene, saying, "[for me, the way it was done was tasteful and it almost makes the audience wonder what exactly happened. You can create that in your head and try to interpret it by how the characters reacted afterwards."
Branco referred to Muhney "as the most-talked-about recast in "Y&R" history" and praised his debut performance on the show. Denette Wilford of "TV Guide Canada" also complimented the actor's portrayal of Adam, saying, "iewers aren't supposed to empathize with him, but his portrayer managed to make it happena testament to Muhney." Michael Jensen of AfterElton.com wrote that viewers enjoyed the character as portrayed by Muhney. The actor said he received both positive and negative reviews from online fans. Paulette Cohn of About.com wrote that Adam was one of "daytime's best villains". Muhney's onscreen romance with Chelsea has received praise; Zap2it placed them at number three on their "Top 10 Soap Opera Couples of 2012" list. Muhney's performance in the role, has been met with critical acclaim, having garnered him his first nomination for the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18731749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731749" title="Denlow Falls">
Denlow Falls

Denlow Falls is a 19 metre high horsetail ribbon cascade waterfall found in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Nearby attractions include Bruce Trail, Dundas Valley Conservation Area, Iroquoia Heights Conservation Area, Chedoke Radial Trail, Chedoke Golf Course, Copps Coliseum, Canadian Football Hall of Fame Museum.
Directions.
From Highway 403 take the Aberdeen Avenue exit and travel approximately 1 kilometre until "Studholme Road". Turn right onto Studholme Road and then turn left onto "Beddoe Drive" and follow to Chedoke Civic Golf Course. At the eastern end of the parking lot, follow the Chedoke Radial Trail/Bruce Trail until you reach a ravine. Follow the ravine upstream until you reach Lower Chedoke Falls. It is a dangerous 30 minute hike upstream to reach the waterfall.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18731752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731752" title="Bigmouth skate">
Bigmouth skate

The bigmouth skate ("Amblyraja robertsi") is a species of fish in the Rajidae family. It lives near the bottom in deep waters in Southeast Atlantic in depths below 1000 meters. Its maximum size is 77 centimeters. It has a hard, roughly triangular snout, smooth body with star-based thorns around eyes, in tail and elsewhere. Top side is dark gray and underside has white spots. As the name suggest, it has a large mouth.

</doc>
<doc id="18731779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731779" title="James Browne">
James Browne

James Browne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18731793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731793" title="Thomas Somerset">
Thomas Somerset

Thomas Somerset (born about 1530; died in the Tower of London, 27 May 1587) was an English Roman Catholic layman, kept imprisoned for long periods by Elizabeth I of England.
Life.
He was the second son of Henry Somerset, 2nd Earl of Worcester. He was committed to the Fleet prison, 10 June 1562, "for translating an oratyon out of Frenche, made by the Cardinall of Lorraine", i.e. Charles, Cardinal of Lorraine, Archbishop of Reims, "and putting the same without authority in prynte". On 27 June 1562, he was summoned before the Lords of the Council at Greenwich, who expected "an humble submission, for wante whereof, and for that he seamed to go about to justifye his cause, he was returned to the Flete, there to remaine until he" should "have better considered of himself". 
After an imprisonment of close on twenty years he was released on bail, 28 February 1581-82, to attend to legal business in Monmouthshire. On 2 May 1582, he was too ill to travel, and was permitted to remain at liberty till he should recover. By 22 October 1585, he was in the Tower on a charge of high treason. Being possessed of properties in Gloucestershire and Monmouthshire, he paid the costs of his imprisonment, and his name therefore is not to be found in the Tower Bills.
References.
The entry cites:

</doc>
<doc id="18731794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731794" title="Pure thought">
Pure thought

Pure thought is an English translation of an expression originally attributed to Kant and Hegel. Their usage of the German counterpart revolved around the question of whether pure thought could exist without an object or some material. Today, more popular uses exist. That "Pure Thought" could existent and is part of the evidentiary change. The usage here is that pure thought is simply a process, another term for thought experiment. 

</doc>
<doc id="18731807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731807" title="Vijay K. Dhir">
Vijay K. Dhir

Vijay K. Dhir (born 1943) is the Dean of the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science, since March 2003. He is also a professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering, joining the UCLA faculty in 1974. He is the principal investigator of the Boiling eXperiment Facility - Nucleate Pool Boiling eXperiment (BXF-NPBX), which was conducted in micro-g environment on the International Space Station to understand bubble growth, detachment and subsequent motion of single and large merged bubbles boiling in micro-g environment.
Personal and early life.
Dhir was born in India, where he received his B.E. and M.Tech. degrees (Punjab Engineering College and Indian Institute of Technology). He obtained his Ph.D. degree in 1972 from the University of Kentucky.
Career.
Prior to becoming the dean at the school, Dhir served as vice chair (1988–1991) and chair (1994–2000) of the Department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering. Then he served as the school's associate dean for academic and faculty issues and as Interim Dean (2002–2003).
Honors.
He is a member of the National Academy of Engineering since 2006, one of the highest honors for engineers. In 2004, he received the Max Jakob Memorial Award.

</doc>
<doc id="18731810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731810" title="Lepicerus">
Lepicerus

Lepiceridae is a genus of Myxophagan beetles containing three described species.

</doc>
<doc id="18731812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731812" title="Szymon Kołecki">
Szymon Kołecki

Szymon Kołecki (born October 12, 1981 in Oława) is a Polish weightlifter, silver medallist at the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney and 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing. He is around 6'1" (1.85 m).
Kołecki represents the team of Górnik Polkowice, his career was put on hold in early 2000s (decade), because of a serious back injury. He qualified for the 2004 Polish team, but was disqualified from Olympic competition after a urine sample he provided tested positive for the banned anabolic steroid nandrolone.
He returned to weightlifting in late 2005, winning European Championships a few months later. He was also a member of the Polish team for the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, during which he claimed that his recently shaved head had a covert political message.
For his sport achievements, he received: <br>

</doc>
<doc id="18731814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731814" title="Hadley Center Historic District">
Hadley Center Historic District

The Hadley Center Historic District is an expansive, historic district encompassing the village center of Hadley, Massachusetts. When it was first listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977, the district encompassed the town green and 17 buildings that faced it, at the junction of Russell Street (Massachusetts Route 9) and Middle Street (Massachusetts Route 47). The district was expanded significantly in 1994, adding more than 400 buildings representative of the village's growth from colonial days into the first decades of the 20th century. This expansion encompasses the entirety of a tongue of land extending west from East Street and bounded by a bend in the Connecticut River, which separates Hadley from Northampton. Its oldest property, the Samuel Porter House on West Street, was built in 1713.

</doc>
<doc id="18731819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731819" title="Hatfield Center Historic District">
Hatfield Center Historic District

The Hatfield Center Historic District encompasses the traditional center of Hatfield, Massachusetts. The area, first laid out in 1661, is bounded by Maple Street to the south, the Connecticut River to the east, Day Avenue and School Street to the north, and the Mill River to the west. The district abuts the Elm Street and the Mill-Prospect Street Historic Districts to the west. Main Street, the principal north-south road in the district is characterized by well-spaced residential lots containing homes built in the 18th and 19th centuries, and the civic heart of the town, where the town hall, Center School, and Memorial Hall are located.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18731830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731830" title="Haydenville Historic District">
Haydenville Historic District

The Haydenville Historic District is a historic district encompassing the traditional village of Haydenville in Williamsburg, Massachusetts. It includes properties on Main and High Streets, and Kingsley Avenue. Its most prominent feature is the former Haydenville Manufacturing Company premises, built in 1875 after a flood washed away the previous factory in 1874. This building located on Main Street (Massachusetts Route 9), is now known as the Brass Works, and features elaborate Italianate and Victorian styling. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18731832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731832" title="4 Canadian Mechanized Brigade Group">
4 Canadian Mechanized Brigade Group

4 Canadian Mechanized Brigade Group was a formation of the Canadian Army, then Force Mobile Command of the unified Canadian Forces. It was part of the European formation known as Canadian Forces Europe. The formation served as the main forward deployed land element of Canada's armed forces, and was stationed in West Germany from 1957 until it was disbanded in 1993.
In 1951, 27th Canadian Infantry Brigade arrived in Europe, to be succeeded by 1 CIBG in 1953, then 2 CIBG in 1955, then 4 CIBG in 1957. In 1959, when 4 CIBG's tour was due to end, a change was made in the reinformcement policy for Germany. Instead of whole brigades rotating every two years, the decision was made to keep 4 CIBG and its associated brigade units in place, instead rotating the major combat elements to Germany every three years.
The presence of the three mechanised infantry battalions led Canada's brigade in Germany to be renamed as 4 Canadian Mechanized Brigade Group on 1 May 1968, three months after Canada's three separate armed forces were unified into the single Canadian Forces. Around the same time, a review of Canada's foreign policy was announced by the Prime Minister, Pierre Trudeau, part of which involved an investigation into the role of 4 CMBG, which was the Canadian military's main overseas asset. The ultimate result of the investigation was the announcement by the Prime Minister, as part of an overall cut in defence spending, to reduce the Canadian military commitment in Europe by half. 4 CMBG would also be re-roled - rather than its attachment as an active part of BAOR, it would become a reserve attached to either the VII (US) Corps or II (GE) Corps, relocating to Lahr in Southern Germany. Most notably, this downsizing and re-roling led to the withdrawal of the tactical nuclear weapons capability. 4 CMBG remained in place as part of NATO's forces throughout the Cold War until the final drawdown of Canada's military presence in Europe when it was disbanded in 1993.
Units serving.
The following is a list of major combat units serving in 4 CIBG/4 CMBG:

</doc>
<doc id="18731836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731836" title="Hockanum Rural Historic District">
Hockanum Rural Historic District

Hockanum Rural Historic District is a rural historic district encompassing a classically famous landscape along the Connecticut River in Hadley, Massachusetts. The district includes much of the area in Holyoke west of Mount Holyoke and east of the river. Its formal boundaries run from Hockanum Cemetery in the southwest, following the river and the summit ridge of Mount Holyoke to the northeast corner of Skinner State Park. It includes the summit area of Mount Holyoke, including the Summit House, Halfway House, and other historic structures within the park, along with the agricultural lands of the valley below.
The spectacular views of the Connecticut River valley from Mount Holyoke were popularized in the early 19th century by the writing of Timothy Dwight, a Northampton native and president of Yale College. The summit area was a tourist destination, and artists such as Thomas Cole immortalized the views in art. In the late 19th century tourism waned, but saw a brief resurgence in the 1910s and 1920s due to the activities of Joseph Skinner, a local industrialist and philanthropist. He purchased and rehabilitated the mountaintop facilities and modernized the road to the summit. His success was brief, hurt by the Great Depression and the effects of the 1938 New England hurricane, which nearly destroyed Summit House. He donated his holdings to the state to form the core of Skinner State Park.
The agricultural lands in the valley have undergone only relatively modest changes, and farming continues to be a dominant activity in the area. Most of the structures in the valley are related to agricultural activities. There is no church, but the community has historically been focused around taverns that were in the area, and more recently around the Hockanum School, a small brick schoolhouse built c. 1840.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18731839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731839" title="Huntington Village Historic District">
Huntington Village Historic District

The Huntington Village Historic District encompasses the historic village center of Huntington, Massachusetts. The village lies on the west branch of the Westfield River, at the junction of US Route 20 (Russell Road) and Massachusetts Route 112 (East Main Street and Bridge Road). The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999. The village is the most densely populated part of Huntington, and has been its commercial and civic heart since the early 19th century. It has been divided by the river because its unifying feature, a location where bridges stood since 1810, no longer has one, and the modern replacement bridge built after a 1938 flood just south of the center, does not readily combine the developed areas on either side.
Most of the district was built up between the middle 19th and middle 20th centuries. The area was home to several textile mills, powered by the Westfield River, but none of which have survived. Most of the district's contributing properties are therefore residential, commercial, and civic, and represent a diversity of architectural styles predominantly from the mid to late 19th century. The district includes properties along the two main roads, as well as Upper Russell, Basket, Laurel, Pleasant, and Park Streets.

</doc>
<doc id="18731843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731843" title="Dashtadem">
Dashtadem

Dashtadem may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18731848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731848" title="Lincoln-Sunset Historic District">
Lincoln-Sunset Historic District

The Lincoln—Sunset Historic District is a residential historic district located west of the downtown area of Amherst, Massachusetts. It is separated from the Amherst Central Business District by the Prospect-Gaylord Historic District, a residential district of mainly 19th century houses. The houses on Lincoln Street and Sunset Street, between Northampton Street (Massachusetts Route 9) and the campus of the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, is characterized by houses built mostly in the first three decades of the 20th century, although there are some mid-19th century structures, and some that date to the 1950s.
The district features Colonial Revival, Greek Revival, and Italianate architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18731854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731854" title="Dayaram Dahal">
Dayaram Dahal

Dayaram Dahal is a Nepalese film director. He is one of the country's top-paid directors, earning approximately Rs. 300,000 per film. He has recently collaborated on the film "Nepal", the first Nepalese feature film partly shot in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18731856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731856" title="Lockville Historic District">
Lockville Historic District

The Lockville Historic District is a historic district encompassing the area of a historic mill village in Southampton, Massachusetts. The district is located about south of Southampton Center along College Highway (Massachusetts Route 10), in the area where the road crosses the Manhan River. The river in this area provided a drop in elevation that was used to provide power for a modest mill complex, which operated from the 1830s until about 1900. The district includes the house of the first documented mill family, the Ichabod Strong House (c. 1786), the Lyman Mill (established c. 1854), Lyman Pond and the dam that impounds it (built in 1838 after a flood washed out the previous dam).
The area also includes a sheet metal factory established by the Lyman family in 1894. This business became more prominent after the mills were forced to close due to a loss of water power after the city of Holyoke began drawing water from the river. There is also a remnant of the c. 1835 New Haven and Northampton Canal, which traversed three locks in the area, giving it its name. Other features associated with the canal include a former hotel building, a storehouse (both now private residences), and the remains of one of the locks.
The areas around Lyman Pond are thought to include industrial archeological remnants from mills that may have been established as early as 1732. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18731859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731859" title="Something Anything">
Something Anything

"Something Anything" is the second single taken from Indie band Travis' sixth studio album "Ode To J. Smith". The single peaked at #113 on the UK Singles Chart.
Background.
The single was released on September 15, 2008. It is the first Travis single not to be written by singer Fran Healy, as bassist Dougie Payne is credited to having co-written the song. It was the only song on the album not to be written during a 5 week album sessions writing period, and was instead written months later. Payne also wrote the B-side, "Tail of the Tiger". The artwork of the single shows a heart, with a hole in either side, representing the main song and two b-sides, as confirmed by singer Fran Healy. 

</doc>
<doc id="18731863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731863" title="Main Street Historic District (Easthampton, Massachusetts)">
Main Street Historic District (Easthampton, Massachusetts)

The Main Street Historic District of Easthampton, Massachusetts encompasses the historic heart of the town, running along Main Street between Northampton and Center Streets. The area has been the civic and economic heart of the town since incorporation in 1785. Most of the commercial buildings date from the 1840s to the 1880s, and are built in an Italianate style. The housing stock of the district also includes Italianate styling, but there are also a number of Greek Revival structures. The major civic structures of the town are in the district, including the town hall (brick, Italianate), public library (designed in 1881 by Peabody & Stearns in the Old English style), and the First Congregational Church, which is the second for the congregation, a brick Romanesque Revival building dating to 1851.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18731872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731872" title="Mill-Prospect Street Historic District">
Mill-Prospect Street Historic District

The Mill-Prospect Street Historic District in Hatfield, Massachusetts encompasses a historic landscape with over 300 years of industrial and agricultural history. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. The district runs along Prospect Street, a north-south road that roughly bisects Hatfield, from its southern end at Elm Street to a point north of its junction with Chestnut Street, and includes properties on adjacent roadways. The central focus of the district is the Mill River which meanders from west to east across the district's middle. At the Prospect Street crossing is a cluster of former late 19th century industrial buildings, some of which comprise the Old Mill Site Historic District, listed in 1982.
The area was first settled by English colonists in the 17th century, and it is known that a gristmill stood in the area near the Prospect Street crossing of the river in 1661. Water powered industry operated in that area from then until the 1970s. The rest of the district was agricultural, and the early millworks have not survived. Interest in the area picked up in the early decades of the 19th century; there were houses depicted on a 1794 survey, but none survive. Bridge Street, built by 1830, running west from the mill area, brought increased traffic and development. In 1830 the area was also used in the first formal geographical survey of the state: one end of the Borden Base Line is located in the district demarcated by a buried marker off Bridge Street.
The district's height of growth came in the second half of the 19th century. A signifant number of homes lining Prospect Street are in styles typical of the period, and it is when the surviving industrial properties, the Shattuck Gun Factory (now the Old Mill Inn) being the most notable. Also built at that time was a Warren pony truss bridge, which carried Prospect Street across the Mill River until it was closed for safety reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="18731878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731878" title="Mountain Rest">
Mountain Rest

Mountain Rest is a historic religious summer retreat on Wildwood Lane, off Spruce Corner Road in Goshen, Massachusetts.
The camp was built in 1902 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983. In 1987 the complex was converted to condominiums.

</doc>
<doc id="18731879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731879" title="Paraphernalia (album)">
Paraphernalia (album)

This record is one of a string of mid-career recordings by Chicago natives Enuff Z'Nuff. Paraphernalia is arguably heavier in nature than many of their previous recordings. This album is also notable for its guest appearances from other famous Chicago area musicians, including Rick Nielsen of Cheap Trick, James Young of Styx, and Billy Corgan of The Smashing Pumpkins, all featured on lead guitar for several of the album's tracks.
A promotional video was shot for the single "Freak." The director of the video, comedian Matt Kissane, is also a Chicago resident. Clips from the "Freak" video were televised nationally on VH-1. The song "Ain't It Funny" also received national exposure with the band's live performance on The Jenny Jones Show."
The cover art of the U.S. version of the album is a homage to the rock band Queen's second album, "Queen II." The Japanese version of Paraphernalia (released earlier than the U.S. edition) features different artwork and fewer songs than its domestic counterpart. While promoting this record, the full band toured in Japan for the first time, where they have found some success over the years.

</doc>
<doc id="18731880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731880" title="USS Shakamaxon">
USS Shakamaxon

USS "Shakamaxon" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18731881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731881" title="Sechura language">
Sechura language

The Sechura language, also known as Sek, is an extinct language spoken in the Piura Region of Peru, near the port of Sechura. It appears to have become extinct by the beginning of the 20th Century.
Classification.
Sechura, along with its sister language Tallán, are too poorly known to be definitively classified. Kaufman notes that a connection between Sechura and the Catacaoan languages is likely and is supported by lexical evidence.
Sek family.
Rivet groups Sechura and Tallán together under the same "Sek" when he compares them to the Catacaoan languages. In comparing wordlists from Sechura and Tallán, Torero finds six likely cognates between the two:

</doc>
<doc id="18731884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731884" title="North Amherst Center Historic District">
North Amherst Center Historic District

The North Amherst Center Historic District is a National Register historic district in North Amherst, part of the town of Amherst, Massachusetts. 
It is a well-preserved example of a traditional farming village. The oldest extant building is the Black Walnut Inn dating to the Federal period. Architectural styles found in the area include Greek Revival, Queen Anne, and Federal. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18731888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731888" title="North Chester Historic District">
North Chester Historic District

North Chester Historic District is a historic district encompassing the rural village center of North Cnester in the town of Chester, Massachusetts. Most of the properties in the district are strung in a widely spaced rural manner along East River Road, extending from a home and former factory site in the north to a village core with church and cemetery in the south. A few unbuilt parcels of land on Smith and North Chester Roads also contribute to the district, as does the Howe truss iron bridge that carries Smith Road across the middle branch of the Westfield River. In addition to a variety of primarily 19th century residential and agricultural buildings, the district also includes a number of industrial archeological sites, based on the area's history of water-powered mill development. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18731891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731891" title="Plasmodium globularis">
Plasmodium globularis

Plasmodium globularis is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium" subgenus "Novyella". 
Like all "Plasmodium" species "P. globularis" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are birds. 
Description.
The parasite was first described by Valkiūnas "et al." in 2008.
Geographical occurrence.
This parasite is found in Ghana and Cameroon..
Clinical features and host pathology.
"P. globularis" infects the yellow-whiskered greenbul ("Andropadus latirostris").

</doc>
<doc id="18731893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731893" title="Peter Dvorský">
Peter Dvorský

Peter Dvorský (born 25 September 1951) is a Slovak operatic tenor. Possessing a lyrical voice with a soft, elastic tone, and warm and melodious timbre, Dvorský's repertoire concentrates on roles from the Italian and Slavic repertories.
Born in Partizánske, Czechoslovakia, Dvorský has four brothers, three of whom are also successful opera singers: Jaroslav Dvorský, Miroslav Dvorský and Pavol Dvorský. His other brother, Vendelín Dvorský, is an economist.
Dvorský studied under Ida Černecká at the Bratislava State Conservatory. There he also enjoyed his first successes at the Slovak National Theatre, making his professional opera debut there in 1972 as Lensky in Tchaikovsky's "Eugene Onegin". He won the national singing contest named after Mikuláš Schneider-Trnavský at Trnava in 1973, and in 1974 he won the first prize at the international Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow. In 1975, he won first place in the singing contest at the Geneva International Music Competition which led to a yearlong apprenticeship under Renata Carosia and Giuseppe Lugga at La Scala in Milan.
In the following years, he quickly achieved international fame. He debuted at the Vienna State Opera, where he was particularly successful and popular, in 1976, at the New York Metropolitan Opera in 1977, and one year later at La Scala, Milan.
Dvorský was highly esteemed by Luciano Pavarotti, who referred to him several times as, "my legitimate successor". Although his career has never been that of a superstar, he has become one of the leading tenors of his generation. He has received several distinctions, among others being a national artist and state prize-winner of the former Czechoslovakia. Since 2006, Dvorský has been the head of the opera house in Košice, then of the opera house of theSlovak National theater (SND) in Bratislava.

</doc>
<doc id="18731894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731894" title="North Hatfield Historic District">
North Hatfield Historic District

The North Hatfield Historic District encompasses a small rural village in Hatfield, Massachusetts. It consists of a small cluster of buildings along West Street and Depot Road in the vicinity of a former railroad station. It includes a few buildings associated with the railroad, including a depot and freight buildings, as well as commercial and residential structures, most of which postdate the 1848 arrival of the railroad. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18731896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731896" title="Séamus Shinnors">
Séamus Shinnors

Séamus Shinnors (born 1945) is a retired Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Newport and with the Tipperary and Galway senior inter-county teams in the 1970s.
Early life.
Séamus Shinnors was born in Newport, County Tipperary in 1945. He was educated at the local national school and later attended Limerick CBS. Here his hurling skills first came to prominence. Shinnors won a Harty Cup medal with the school in 1964.
Playing career.
Club.
Shinnors played his club hurling with his local club in Newport, however, he never won a senior county title. After moving to County Galway he later played hurling with Ballinasloe.
Inter-county.
Shinnors first came to prominence on the inter-county scene with the Tipperary under-21 hurling team in the 1960s. He was a substitute goalkeeper on the team in the inaugural year of the competition in 1964, however, by 1965 Shinnors was the first choice net minder. He won a Munster title in that grade that year before later lining out in the All-Ireland final. Wexford provided the opposition on that occasion and triumphed by 3-7 to 1-4. Tipp lost their under-21 provincial title in 1966.
Shortly afterwards Shinnors joined the Tipperary senior hurling team. He was the sub goalkeeper to John O’Donoghue in 1967 and 1968 as Tipp reached the All-Ireland final in both years. They lost both games to Kilkenny and Wexford respectively; however, in 1970 O’Donoghue retired from inter-county hurling. It looked likely that Shinnors would now become the number one goalkeeper on the team, however, before the start of the 1971 championship he was unceremoniously cut from the panel of players.
In 1974 Shinnors was back with the Tipp senior team and he was finally installed as the first choice goalkeeper. He remained between the posts until 1976, however, during those three seasons Tipperary failed to win a single championship game. After the final defeat in 1976 Shinnors retired from the Tipp panel.
To many it seemed as if Shinnors’s playing days were over. Two years later in 1978, however, he was drafted onto the Galway senior panel by his old under-21 teammate Michael ‘Babs’ Keating. He trained in secret until May 1979. Shinnors’s first outing with Galway was an All-Ireland quarter-final meeting with Laois. While Galway were expected to win the game easily they struggled in patches but still won by 1-23 to 3-10. The subsequent All-Ireland semi-final saw Cork providing the opposition. Cork had been the reigning champions for the previous three years and were two games away from capturing a record-equaling four in-a-row. In an exciting game Shinnors made some excellent saves and contributed to Galway’s 2-14 to 1-13 victory over one of the greatest teams of all-time. The subsequent championship decider saw Galway take on Kilkenny. In one of the worst All-Ireland finals of recent decades Shinnors had an absolute nightmare of a game. A ’70 by Liam 'Chunky' O’Brien after just four minutes dipped, hit off Shinnors and ended up in the Galway net. Galway fought back and went two points up twelve minutes into the second half, however. They failed to score for the rest of the game. Four minutes before the end of the game another long-range free for Kilkenny ended up in the net behind Shinnors. It was a score which summed up the day as Kilkenny went on to win by 2-12 to 1-8.
This defeat shook Shinnors’s confidence; however, he remained on the panel for the National Hurling League in late 1979 and early 1980. He assumed that he would be lining out in the championship, however, a few weeks before Galway’s first outing Shinnors receive a letter explaining that he had been dropped from the panel. It was the end of his inter-county career. Even more heartbreaking for Shinnors was the fact that Galway went on to win the All-Ireland that year, their first title in fifty-seven years.
Provincial.
Shinnors also lined out with Connacht in the inter-provincial hurling competition. He won his sole Railway Cup medal in 1980 as Connacht defeat Munster. It was Connacht’s second Railway Cup title and their first in thirty-three years.

</doc>
<doc id="18731900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731900" title="Runaway (Linkin Park song)">
Runaway (Linkin Park song)

"Runaway" is a song by Linkin Park, sixth track from their debut album "Hybrid Theory". It was also remixed for their first remix album "Reanimation" and titled "Rnw@y".
Song structure.
The song describes an individual who feels tortured by society, and decides to "run away." It is one of the few songs on "Hybrid Theory" to contain unusually little rapping by Mike Shinoda, like "Crawling."
During live performances, two constant changes occur. Firstly, drummer Rob Bourdon performs a snare roll just before the second verse. Finally, during the second verse vocalist Chester Bennington alters the line "guilty by association" to "you're all guilty by association" while waving his arm to the audience. Both can be evidenced on "Live in Texas" and "The Family Values 2001 Tour" CD's.
Runaway was a staple in live performances even before 
Hybrid Theory and was omitted in 2006 until the first leg of the Living Things Tour in 2012.
Critical response.
David Fricke of "Rolling Stone" noted the "tumbling funk" of Bourdon in the song, as well as the way that Shinoda and Bennington "shoot and share rhymes ... their bodies rocking with spasms of conviction." Writing of Linkin Park's remixing of the track for their album "Reanimation", David Browne of "Entertainment Weekly" called "Rnw@y" "more sonically expansive" than the original version had been. He wrote that "Rnw@y" (along with a few others on the album) made Linkin Park sound like "experimental DJs."
Chart positions.
"Runaway" charted in the United States during the height of "Hybrid Theory"'s popularity.

</doc>
<doc id="18731906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731906" title="Old Mill Site Historic District">
Old Mill Site Historic District

The Old Mill Site Historic District in Hatfield, Massachusetts encompasses the site of a late 19th century mill. It is one of only two such sites in the town. The centerpiece of the district is the former Shattuck Gun Factory building (built 1881), which in 1989 housed newspaper offices and in 2013 a bed and breakfast. The district, which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982, includes three other elements: an 1891 Warren pony truss bridge across the Mill River, now closed to traffic, and a machine shop and garage (located across the river from the mill), both built in 1886. The district was also included in the larger Mill-Prospect Street Historic District in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18731907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731907" title="Port of Skagit County">
Port of Skagit County

The Port of Skagit is a port authority that owns and operates three key facilities in Skagit County, Washington. They include the Skagit Regional Airport, Bayview Business Park and the La Conner Marina. The Port of Skagit also maintains an extensive trail system and several properties it owns.
Airport.
Skagit Regional Airport, situated in the heart of the Bayview Business Park, is a popular general aviation facility offering terminal facilities, aviation fuels, restaurant, and a variety of aircraft maintenance and related services including qualified flight instruction.
Marina.
La Conner Marina is located on the Swinomish Channel. It acts as a passage to the San Juan Islands. The La Conner Marina has both covered and uncovered berths, and also owns land which is leased to several surrounding marina-related private businesses.
Business Park.
Near the airport, the Port of Skagit operates a large business park where it provides utilities and leases land and buildings. It also runs an incubator program here, where companies with a sound business plan and strong potential for sales growth, are offered lease rates at one-third the normal market rate during a business’s first year, two-thirds the normal rate in the second year, and full price by the third year. This service is meant to help local small businesses grow.
Port district.
The Port of Skagit County is an independent, self-supporting government entity in Skagit County. The Port is under the control of a three elected commissioners and is administered by an executive director.
History.
A vote from local residents established the Port of Skagit County on Nov. 1964, under the logo of "Building Today while Planning Tomorrow". The first Commissioners were Chris Knudsgon, George Dynes, and Norman Ovenell. In 1965, the Skagit Regional Airport was jointly deeded to the Port of Anacortes and the Port of Skagit County, though Anacortes gave up its share of ownership in 1975. The airport was initially created during the second World War as an auxiliary air field to the Whidbey Island Naval Air Station.
The Bayview Business Park was initially created in the mid 1970s. There were nearly of industrial zoned property at the Port of Skagit County's airport area. The goal was to create a new crop of jobs in the area.
The La Conner Marina was initially created June 1970, with 200 moorages. Approximately 3,000 attendees were there, including U.S. Senator Henry M. Jackson.
The Port has had a few notable tenants over the years. Draper Valley farms built a state-of-the-art factory in the BBIP in the early 1970s, and PACCAR built began construction on a piece of land bought from the port in 1979. The PACCAR testing center is still in use today.
Environment.
In January 2007 the Port of Skagit County was issued a National Pollution Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) Phase II Municipal Stormwater Permit. The NPDES Permit Stormwater Program is intended to help the Port reduce the amount of stormwater pollution reaching Padilla Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="18731914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731914" title="Plasmodium megaglobularis">
Plasmodium megaglobularis

Plasmodium megaglobularis is a species of malaria-causing parasite in the genus "Plasmodium", subgenus "Novyella". 
Like all "Plasmodium" species, "P. megaglobularis" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are birds. 
Description.
The parasite was first described by Valkiūnas "et al." in 2008.
Geographical occurrence.
This parasite is found in Ghana and Cameroon.
Clinical features and host pathology.
"P. megaglobularis" infects the olive sunbird ("Cyanomitra olivacea").

</doc>
<doc id="18731919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731919" title="Parsons, Shepherd, and Damon Houses Historic District">
Parsons, Shepherd, and Damon Houses Historic District

The Parsons, Shepherd, and Damon Houses Historic District is a historic district on the east side of downtown Northampton, Massachusetts encompassing a property that was first laid out in 1654. Now owned by Historic Northampton, the property includes three houses built between 1730 and 1830.
The core of the Nathaniel Parsons House, 58 Bridge Street, was built c. 1730, and still exhibits characteristics of First Period construction. The building was extensively modified and added on during the Federal period between 1795 and 1815, and wings were added between 1815 and 1830. Modifications thereafter were comparatively modest.
The Shepherd House, 66 Bridge Street, was built in 1795, and remains a fine example of Federalist architecture with later stylistic modifications. It received Greek Revival detailing when that style was fashionable in the mid-19th century, and a Colonial Revival porch c. 1900.
The Isaac Damon House, 46 Bridge Street, was built c. 1813, and its main block is a typical five-bay two story Federalist. The building includes a series of additions on its rear, including one whose construction suggests it was originally attached to a different building. The house was acquired by Historic Northampton from the Damon family.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18731922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731922" title="Muli Katzurin">
Muli Katzurin

Muli Katzurin (born November 30, 1954) is an Israeli basketball coach, who since early 2008 has been coach of the national basketball team of Poland. Katzurin also coached Israel National Team in the years 1997-2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18731926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731926" title="Pelham Town Hall Historic District">
Pelham Town Hall Historic District

The Pelham Town Hall Historic District encompasses the remaining municipal portion of the center of Pelham, Massachusetts as laid out between 1738 and 1743. It includes the Old Town Hall, built in 1743, which is claimed by the town to be the oldest continuously used town hall in the United States.
The land which became Pelham was acquired by the Lisburn Proprietors, Scottish emigrants, in 1738. The next year, a lot of was laid out for a meeting house, town pound, training field, and cemetery. The meeting house (now the town hall) was built on this parcel in 1743. A portion of the land was sold off in 1801, and the Pelham Hill Church, now the historical society museum, was built in the early 1840s.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="18731938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731938" title="Prospect-Gaylord Historic District">
Prospect-Gaylord Historic District

The Prospect—Gaylord Historic District is a historic district encompassing a residential area built up mostly in the late 19th century just outside the central business district of Amherst, Massachusetts. Contributing properties include most of the houses on Prospect Street, which parallels Pleasant Street, as well as properties on Gaylord and Amity Streets running west from Prospect. These houses are generally in late Victorian styles such as Queen Anne, although some, for example a workman's house at 24 Gaylord Street, are in a more vernacular style. A central element of the district is the Hope Community Church, a historically African American church built in 1912 for a congregation whose history dates to 1869. Funds for its construction were raised in part through the efforts of W.E.B. Du Bois.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18731939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731939" title="South Amherst Common Historic District">
South Amherst Common Historic District

The South Amherst Common Historic District is a historic district at 445 Shays Street, South Amherst Common, 979—1081 S. East Street and 324 Pomeroy Lane in Amherst, Massachusetts.
The district features Georgian, Federal, and mid-19th Century Revival architecture. The area was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18731946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731946" title="Landing Timemachine">
Landing Timemachine

Landing Timemachine is the debut album from Japanese musician Daisuke Asakura. The album consisted of six instrumental cover versions of TM Network (named TMN at the time) songs and two original compositions. Tetsuya Komuro (TMN's leader) is credited as Executive Producer. 
Since Asakura worked as support live member of TMN during 1990-1992, the band endorsed the album playing Asakura's version of "Dive Into Your Body" at their Expo tour.

</doc>
<doc id="18731951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731951" title="Dynamic relaxation">
Dynamic relaxation

Dynamic relaxation is a numerical method, which, among other things, can be used do "form-finding" for cable and fabric structures. The aim is to find a geometry where all forces are in equilibrium. In the past this was done by direct modelling, using hanging chains and weights (see Gaudi), or by using soap films, which have the property of adjusting to find a "minimal surface". 
The dynamic relaxation method is based on discretizing the continuum under consideration by lumping the mass at nodes and defining the relationship between nodes in terms of stiffness (see also the finite element method). The system oscillates about the equilibrium position under the influence of loads. An iterative process is followed by simulating a pseudo-dynamic process in time, with each iteration based on an update of the geometry, similar to Leapfrog integration and related to Velocity Verlet integration.
Main equations use.
Considering Newton's second law of motion (force is mass multiplied by acceleration) in the formula_1 direction at the formula_2th node at time formula_3:
Where:
Note that fictitious nodal masses may be chosen to speed up the process of form-finding.
The relationship between the speed formula_8, the geometry formula_9 and the residuals can be obtained by performing a double numerical integration of the acceleration (here in central finite difference form), :
Where:
By the principle of equilibrium of forces, the relationship between the residuals and the geometry can be obtained:
where:
The sum must cover the forces in all the connections between the node and other nodes.
By repeating the use of the relationship between the residuals and the geometry, and the relationship between the geometry and the residual, the pseudo-dynamic process is simulated.
Iteration Steps.
1. Set the initial kinetic energy and all nodal velocity components to zero:
2. Compute the geometry set and the applied load component:
3. Compute the residual:
4. Reset the residuals of constrained nodes to zero
5. Update velocity and coordinates:
6. Return to step 3 until the structure is in static equilibrium
Damping.
It is possible to make dynamic relaxation more computationally efficient (reducing the number of iterations) by using damping.
There are two methods of damping:
The advantage of viscous damping is that it represents the reality of a cable with viscous properties. Moreover it is easy to realize because the speed is already computed.
The kinetic energy damping is an artificial damping which is not a real effect, but offers a drastic reduction in the number of iterations required to find a solution. However, there is a computational penalty in that the kinetic energy and peak location must be calculated, after which the geometry has to be updated to this position.

</doc>
<doc id="18731953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731953" title="Southampton Center Historic District">
Southampton Center Historic District

The Southampton Center Historic District encompasses the densely built center of the otherwise predominantly rural town of Southampton, Massachusetts. The district extends from Former Road in the south, along High Street and College Highway (Massachusetts Route 10) to Maple Street, and includes a line of houses along East Street from College to Elm. This area is the historic heart of the town, being first laid out in the 1730s. The district includes (in addition to a number of 18th- and 19th-century residences) several church buildings, the town hall, and the old public library. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18731957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731957" title="Gustav-Adolf Schur">
Gustav-Adolf Schur

Gustav-Adolf "Täve" Schur (born 23 February 1931 in Heyrothsberge, Province of Saxony) is a former German cyclist and one of the most popular sportspeople in East Germany. He was the first German to win the amateur competition of the World Cycling Championships and the Peace Race. Between 1959 and 1990 Schur was a member of the Volkskammer, the East German parliament.
Life.
"Täve" Schur (a shortening of Gustav) grew up near Magdeburg. He only took up cycling aged 19 and won the highest honors an amateur cyclist could reach. Schur won the East German championships 6 times in that period and won the GDR tour 4 times. In 1953 he had a great stake in East Germany winning the blue jersey of the best team at the Peace Race. His real breakthrough came in 1955, however, when he was the first East German to win the Peace Race, considered the most prestigious amateur stage race. Schur won the Peace Race once more in 1959.
As a member of the Unified Team of Germany he won a bronze medal in the team time trial at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne and a silver medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, at a time when the impact East Germany would have in later Olympic Games was not foreseen yet. Between 1955 and 1963 Schur studied at the DHfK Leipzig and finished with a diploma as coach. In late 1950s Schur was at the height of his form, as proven by his two wins at the amateur road race at the road world championships in 1958 and 1959, he was the first amateur to defend his title.
Schur reached the summit of his popularity by not winning, however: At the 1960 UCI Road World Championships that took place at the Sachsenring, Schur was favorite to defend his title again, but instead he let his teammate Bernhard Eckstein pass who eventually won the race. This selfless gesture capped Schur's myth, the dimensions of which can be sensed if one considers the results of a survey conducted after the end of East Germany: here Schur was voted greatest East German sports personality of all time, 25 years after ending his career. Schur was selected as East-German Sportspersonality of the Year nine times in a row from 1953 to 1961.
His son Jan (born 1962) won an Olympic gold medal in the team trial at the 1988 Summer Olympics, together with Uwe Ampler, Mario Kummer and Maik Landsmann.
Schur was more deeply involved politically than other sports people in East Germany. Between 1959 and 1990 he was a member of the Volkskammer. After German reunification he kept to his views and joined the SED successor party PDS and was a member of Germany's parliament, Bundestag, between 1998 and 2002.
Schur is also a member of the "Kuratorium Friedensfahrt Course de la Paix e.V.", and works to keep the traditional race alive.
In 1992 Schur opened a bicycle store in Magdeburg that is now run by his other son Gus-Erik Schur. "Täves Radladen" supports the bicycle racing club "RC Lostau" and takes part in races all over Europe under the name "Team Täves Radladen".
In May 2012 Schur re-rode two stages of the 1955 Peace Race, as part of the Alf Buttler Peace Race Tribute Ride.
Honors.
In 2005 the planetoid 2000 UR was named after Schur. It now has the official designation (38976) Täve, circling the Sun on an orbit between Mars and Jupiter.

</doc>
<doc id="18731958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731958" title="Upper Main Street Historic District (Hatfield, Massachusetts)">
Upper Main Street Historic District (Hatfield, Massachusetts)

The Upper Main Street Historic District is a predominantly residential historic district in northeastern Hatfield, Massachusetts. Unlike Hatfield Center, which dated to colonial days and lies south of the district, this part of Hatfield developed roughly between 1860 and 1939 as a village centered on the nearby ferry landing on the Connecticut River. The district includes properties in a roughly triangular area bounded by Main Street, King Street, and North Street, and features a large number of Colonial Revival, Queen Anne, and bungalow-style houses. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18731965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731965" title="Northampton Downtown Historic District">
Northampton Downtown Historic District

The Northampton Downtown Historic District encompasses most of the central business district of Northampton, Massachusetts. This area, which has been a center of commerce and industry in the area since colonial days, extends from the railroad tracks on the east side of the downtown, and west along Main Street to its junction with West Street and Elm Street. When the district was first listed on the National Register of Historic Places, it ended at the railroad tracks, and included properties on a number of other downtown streets; this was extended in 1985 to include a few properties just east of the railroad tracks on and near Bridge Street.
The district includes such notable buildings as the 1891 Academy of Music Theatre, and Northampton's castle-like City Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="18731975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731975" title="North Hadley Historic District">
North Hadley Historic District

The North Hadley Historic District encompasses the historic rural village of North Hadley, located between Mount Warner and the Connecticut River in Hadley, Massachusetts. It includes properties on River Road between Stockwell Road and Stockbridge Street, and includes properties on French, Meadow and Mt. Warner Streets. The majority of the properties in the district are residential and agricultural; the notable exceptions are the c. 1834 Congregational Church, the 1795 cemetery, and North Hadley Hall, an 1868 building originally built as a schoolhouse. Construction dates for contributing properties to the district range from the 1780s to 1940, and a significant variety of architectural styles are represented. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18731977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731977" title="Francisco Olazar">
Francisco Olazar

Francisco Olazar (July 10, 1885 - September 21, 1958) was an Argentine football centre-half and later coach. He played for and managed the Argentina national team.
Olazar was part of the Racing Club team that dominated Argentine football in the early 20th century. He played for the Argentina national team on 18 occasions including appearances at the first two Copa América tournaments in 1916 and 1917.
After retiring as a player Olazar turned to coaching, and managed Argentina during the first FIFA World Cup in 1930, where he and technical director Juan José Tramutola managed the "albicelestes" to second-place behind hosts Uruguay.
Titles.
Racing Club

</doc>
<doc id="18731980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731980" title="Global Finance (magazine)">
Global Finance (magazine)

Global Finance is an English-language monthly financial magazine. 
Joseph D. Giarraputo, the founder and former publisher of "Venture", the magazine for entrepreneurs, in 1987 joined forces with Carl G. Burgen, Stephan Spahn, H. Allen Fernald, and Paolo Panerai to start a magazine on financial globalization. The magazine’s primary target audience consists of Chairmen, Presidents, CEOs, CFOs, Treasurers and other financial officers. The magazine is distributed in 158 countries, with 50,050 global subscribers and recipients, certified by BPA Worldwide. 
The website gfmag.com, relaunched in 2009, targets an audience of top financial web-users that complements the reach of the magazine. Gfmag.com offers analysis, articles and awards that are the heritage of 22 years of experience in international finance and provides a valuable source of data on 192 countries.
Global Finance Media, Inc's majority shareholder is Class Editori Group SpA, an Italian publishing company that produces two financial newspapers, lifestyle magazines, news agencies, digital televisions, etc. Joseph D. Giarraputo is the second largest shareholder.
"Global Finance" has offices in New York, London, Milan and Rio de Janeiro.
Features.
"Global Finance" reports on the international finance sector, covering such topics as corporate finance, joint ventures and M&A, country profiles, capital markets, investor relations, currencies, banking, risk management, custody, direct investment, and money management.
The magazine also holds several awards ceremonies throughout the year to recognize the winning financial institutions and companies. The largest of these ceremonies is held contemporary to the IMF and World Bank annual meetings.
World’s Best Banks.
Each year, the magazine publishes a list of "world's best banks." "Global Finance" describes the rankings: "The winners are not always the biggest banks but rather the best—those with the qualities that corporations should look for when choosing a bank. These are banks with effective risk management systems, quality service and best practices in corporate governance."
One notable winner is the International Bank of Azerbaijan, which is run by Chairman Jahangir Hajiyev. IBA was named the Best Bank in Azerbaijan in the World's Best Banks 2012 rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="18731991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731991" title="Academy Historic District">
Academy Historic District

The Academy Historic District is a historic district in the center of Wilbraham, Massachusetts. Its encompass the historic center of Wilbraham, as well as the historic central portion of the campus of the Wilbraham & Monson Academy. It includes properties on Mountain Road (roughly the southern boundary of the district), Main Street, and Faculty Street. Wesleyan Academy was founded in 1817 and moved to Wilbraham in 1824; its oldest buildings date to 1825. It merged with Monson Academy in the 20th century to form the present school that occupies the academic premises. The academy was a major center of Methodist teaching in New England, and was a prominent factor in the town's growth.
The main historic building of the Academy is called the Old Academy, and is a large brick Federalist building designed by Enoch Mudge in 1825. It is a two story building with a slate roof and a white clapboard belltower. Next to it is Fisk Hall, an 1851 two story building made of brick with sandstone trim; it is topped by a cupola. Binney Hall, built in 1854, is similarly a two story brick building. The Smith Hall Gymnasium was built in 1896, and has Richardsonian Romanesque details and a hipped slate roof. The Alumnni Memorial Chapel stands next to the Gymnasium; it was built in 1867 of red sandstone.
In addition to the academy buildings, the district includes a number of civic and residential buildings, including the Old Meetinghouse (built 1793), which was originally designed as a meeting hall, but was converted in 1835 into a residential duplex. Adjacent to the Old Meetinghouse, is the Hearse House, an outbuilding that housed the town's hearses from 1890 to 1920. The district also includes a number of residences built mostly in the middle of the 19th century. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18731997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731997" title="Grindstone Cascade">
Grindstone Cascade

Grindstone Cascade is a complex curtain cascade waterfall found Waterdown, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
Nearby attractions include Bruce Trail, Rock Chapel Golf Course, Royal Botanical Gardens and the town of Waterdown.
Directions.
From highway 403 take the highway 6 North (Guelph) exit and travel approximately 3 kilometres to Highway 5 East and then turn right onto "Mill Street" before the railway tracks. After the overhead railway bridge the Smokey Hollow Resource Management Area parking lot will be on the right. Follow the Bruce Trail to the waterfall.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18731999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18731999" title="Agawam Center Historic District">
Agawam Center Historic District

The Agawam Center Historic District is a historic district that encompasses part of the historic center of Agawam, Massachusetts. The district covers most of the buildings along Elm Street and Main Street radiating out from their intersection in both directions. The district is predominantly residential in character, although it does contain a number of commercial, industrial, and civic buildings. Many of the buildings in the district stand at a uniform setback from the street, giving the district a coherent feel.
Agawam's center began to take shape in the early years of the 18th century. By 1750 the town center lay on one of the main roads connecting Northampton to Hartford, Connecticut, and the area became a significant rest stop along the way. It received significant development in the 1790s when the road was more formally laid out, private homes began to join the taverns, and what is now Elm Street connected the village to points east and west. By 1831 the center also had churches, a school, and a cemetery. The oldest building in the district is a tavern dating to 1750, and there are about a dozen houses that date to the 1790s.
As the 19th century progressed the village continued to grow, yet retained some rural character, with only low levels of industrialization. The arrival of streetcars connecting the village to the city of Springfield saw the transformation of the village into one with a more suburban feel. Agawam was not formally incorporated until 1855, and it is during this time that the village assumed its role as the civic center of the town.
The district features a variety of architectural styles, from Georgian and Federal buildings of the early period to mid-20th century ranch housing. The distrct was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18732012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732012" title="2006 Boxing World Cup">
2006 Boxing World Cup

The 2006 Boxing World Cup was held in Baku, Azerbaijan from October 15 to October 22.
Preliminaries.
Pool A.
Preliminary round standings
Pool B.
Preliminary round standings

</doc>
<doc id="18732018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732018" title="Ames Hill/Crescent Hill District">
Ames Hill/Crescent Hill District

Ames Hill/Crescent Hill District is an historic district in Springfield, Massachusetts, bounded by sections of Central, Maple, Mill, and Pine Streets, Crescent Hill, Ames Hill Drive, and Maple Court. This section of Springfield was the city's first "Gold Coast," built primarily during the early Industrial Revolution, from approximately 1812-1850. The Ames Hill/Crescent Hill Historic District includes Mulberry Street, the upper-class street made famous by Dr. Seuss's first children's book, And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street, (1937.) Dr. Seuss's grandparents lived on Mulberry Street. This National Historic District overlaps somewhat with both the Ridgewood and Maple Hill Historic Districts designated by the City of Springfield.
Ames Hill was named for the Ames Family of Springfield. David Ames, Jr., a Springfield paper manufacturer, was the son of Colonel David Ames, the first superintendent of the Springfield Armory. The David Ames Jr. House, at 241 Maple Street, on Ames Hill in Springfield, was built in 1826-7 and was the work of Chauncey Shepard, a prominent local architect and builder. In 1867, Solomon J. Gordon, a New York City lawyer, purchased the property and Shepard was hired to remodel the house he had built forty-one years earlier. Gordon lived in the house until his death in 1891. Today the house is known as Young House and is part of the campus of the MacDuffie School.
Crescent Hill continues along the steep trajectory of Maple Street, which snakes up along a bluff overlooking the scenic Connecticut River and Connecticut River Valley. Crescent Hill also features many of Springfield's largest mansions, most of which date from the mid-19th century. Unfortunately, the Ames Hill/Crescent Hill Historic District was devastated during the June 1, 2011 Great Springfield Tornado.

</doc>
<doc id="18732022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732022" title="Great Lakes Athletic Conference (IHSAA)">
Great Lakes Athletic Conference (IHSAA)

A four-member IHSAA-sanctioned conference located entirely within Lake County. In fact all members are in the city of Hammond. The conference is among the youngest in the state, created in 2007 following the disbandment of the Lake Athletic Conference and after failing to find acceptance in another conference for each of the four schools. The GLAC's "sister" conferences also created from the Lake Athletic Conference are the Greater South Shore Athletic Conference and the Northwest Crossroads Conference. 

</doc>
<doc id="18732030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732030" title="Apremont Triangle Historic District">
Apremont Triangle Historic District

Apremont Triangle Historic District is a historic district in Springfield, Massachusetts, located at the junction of Pearl, Hillman, Bridge, and Chestnut Streets in its Metro Center district. The Apremont Triangle Historic District includes the Apremont Triangle Park, nicknamed "the Heart of Springfield" by the city's arts community; the historic, 10-story Kimball Towers Condominiums, (formerly the luxurious Hotel Kimball - "Western Massachusetts' Leading Hotel - built in 1910;) a nine-story historic, former YMCA, which now houses apartments at 122 Chestnut Street, (1915); the six-story Neo-Gothic Tarbell-Waters Building (1923), a former office building that was auctioned in August 2011; the two-story Harris-Green building, a 1920s Rolls Royce showroom, which is, actually, two buildings; and the two-story Birnie Building, a 1930s Pontiac showroom. Currently, the district is the center of Springfield's bohemian arts community, featuring multi-media organizations, artists' lofts, ethnic restaurants, and organizations like The Apremont Arts Community - group of multi-media artists, non-profit organizations, and businesses.
Located in a walkable area, the Apremont Triangle Historic District is less than half a mile from Springfield's Club Quarter, its Downtown Business District, Springfield's Union Station, The Quadrangle - a grouping of five museums, the Dr. Seuss National Memorial Sculpture Garden, and the first-ever United States planetarium. - the MassMutual Center, Springfield Symphony Hall, the Springfield Armory National Park, and numerous other sites.
2011 sales of 122 Chestnut and the Tarbell-Waters Building.
As of June 2011, the Renaissance Revival 122 Chestnut - the former YMCA building that was, during the 1980s, adaptively re-used to become 99 rental apartments - and the Neo-Gothic Tarbell-Waters Buildings are both for sale. These are two of the five properties that constitute the Apremont Triangle Historic District. The buyer of these properties could substantially change the character of the Apremont Triangle Historic District, which in recent years has flourished as an increasingly bohemian arts district. The asking price for 122 Chestnut is 6.5 million, including an attached 144 car parking lot. Residents of the Apremont Triangle Historic District look at dual building sales with both caution and optimism, because in recent years, the neighborhood has had great success in attracting artistic and bohemian residents to the Kimball Towers, 122 Chestnut, the Birnie Building, and the McIntosh - an adaptively re-purposed shoe factory on Worthington Street. However, precisely because the neighborhood has been on an upward trajectory for years; the sale of two of the district's most important buildings are temporarily, in 2011, depressing market values at the Kimball and McIntosh, reflected in 1 bedroom units selling in the $30,000s-$80,000s.
Apremont Triangle Park.
The Apremont Triangle Park was named after Springfield's 104th Infantry - the first U.S. military regiment ever honored by a foreign power for bravery in war. Following the 104th Infantry's valor at Apremont during World War I, it received the croix de guerre from the Nation of France. The Apremont Triangle Park is named in honor of the U.S. 104th Infantry Regiment's heroism at Apremont. In the park, there is monument to the 104th Infantry, Springfield's own, noting its heroism at Apremont. Amazingly, again in World War II, the 104th Infantry Regiment again received the prestigious Croix de Guerre for its valor at war. In World War II, the 104th Infantry fought under General George Patton and in the Battle of the Bulge.
Kimball Towers Condominiums.
The Hotel Kimball was once "Western Massachusetts finest hotel." Built in 1910, and opened on St. Patrick's Day, 1911, the New York Times reviewed the Hotel Kimball as "ranking with the finest in the country. A magnificent hotel, modern and metropolitan in every appointment." In 1920 it hosted the United States' first-ever commercial radio station - WBZ AM & FM, Springfield. U.S. Presidents Franklin D. Roosevelt, Dwight D. Eisenhower, and John F. Kennedy all stayed at The Kimball - some before and some after the 1940s transition into the Sheraton-Kimball Hotel, operated by Sheraton Hotels and Resorts. The Kimball was the first "grand hotel" purchased by Sheraton, a company that was, at the time, headquartered in Springfield.
Today, the Hotel Kimball is the Kimball Towers Condominiums. During the 1980s, when the building's condo developer was converting over 300 hotel rooms to approximately 120 condominiums, he filed for bankruptcy. Many of the Kimball's units, (especially those on the lower floors,) were left in disrepair or completely bare.
From the 1990s until the 2000s, the building was managed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation because - due to it historic designation - it could not be torn down. In the 2000s, urban living in Metro Center Springfield became popular, especially among bohemians, artists, empty-nesters, and LGBT residents - people attracted to urban living without the high price. The Kimball Towers, due to its low-prices (from its formerly troubled history as a condominium development) and essentially 'blank canvas' left by the initial condominium developer, became a center for Springfield's arts community. As of 2011, it is one of Springfield's most prominent buildings for artists, bohemians, and others in the creative class.

</doc>
<doc id="18732034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732034" title="Belle and Franklin Streets Historic District">
Belle and Franklin Streets Historic District

The Belle and Franklin Streets Historic District is a historic district encompassing the surviving portions of an area developed by local builder William Lay between 1914 and 1916. It includes a series of almost entirely residential buildings along Belle and Franklin Streets, two streets that parallel each other near Interstate 290, north of Springfield's downtown. Lay built 16 apartment houses, half of which were four story brick construction, with the others being three story wood frame structures. The district also includes a mixed residential/commercial building Lay built, and an early (1862) frame house. The development is remarkably intact despite the construction of I-291 nearby: only one of Lay's buildings, another mixed use building, has been demolished. The properties are at 77—103 Belle St. and 240—298 Franklin Street; the district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18732041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732041" title="Mount Garmo">
Mount Garmo

Mount Garmo (Tajik: Қуллаи Гармо, "Qullai Garmo", Russian: пик Гармо, "pik Garmo") is a mountain of the Pamirs in Tajikistan, Central Asia, with a height reported to be between 6,595 metres and 6,602 metres. 
There is a glacier on Mount Garmo, and the great Fedchenko Glacier (the longest glacier in the world outside the polar regions) flows to the west of it. The nearest settlement is at Poimazor, some fifteen kilometres to the south (38° 39' 10 N, 71° 58' 2 E), which is at an altitude of 2785 metres.
There has been some uncertainty about the location of Garmo and also about the true height of the peak which now bears that name. While the present consensus is around 6,595 metres, as recently as 1973 the "American Alpine Journal" gave the height as 21,703 feet (6,615 m).
History.
Formerly in the Soviet Union, Garmo forms part of the Akademiya Nauk Range ("Academy of Sciences Range"; ; ), named in 1927 by the Russian explorer Nikolai Korzhenevskiy after the Soviet Academy of Sciences.
A Russian expedition to the region in 1928 made the first ascent of Lenin Peak and also measured the height of what is now officially called Ismoil Somoni Peak, which may have been mistakenly identified with Garmo although it lies some sixteen kilometres to the north of the present Garmo.
In July 1962, two British climbers, Wilfrid Noyce and the young Scottish climber Robin Smith, died in a fall after an ascent of the peak, while preparing for a Soviet-British assault on Ismoil Somoni, which was then known as "Pik Kommunizma" (Peak Communism).
There were quarrels between the Russians and the British, and after the deaths of Noyce and Smith, Sir John Hunt, the expedition co-leader, returned to Britain. In 1964, the British press referred to Garmo as "21,800-foot Mount Garmo".
Name confusion.
Since the 1920s and 1930s, the mountain has been confused with the higher peak now called Ismoil Somoni, which for some years was called "Pik Stalin" and is better known as "Pik Kommunizma". A BBC quiz which was online in 2008 asks the question "By what name was Mount Garmo in Tajikistan known when it was the highest point in the Soviet Union?" and gives the answer "Mount Communism".
In "The Ascent of Mount Stalin" (1937), Michael Romm and Alec Brown state that "Darwas is renamed Pik Garmo, and Garmo is renamed Pik Stalin, the reasons given being far from convincing". And a paper published by The Permanent Committee on Geographical Names for British Official Use called "Tajikistan, the Lofty Fastness of the Pamirs" (November 2001) claims: 
In 2008, a number of sources continued to identify Garmo with the highest mountain in the Pamirs, or else to give it a height above 7,000 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="18732043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732043" title="Brimfield Center Historic District">
Brimfield Center Historic District

The Brimfield Center Historic District is a historic district encompassing the historic center of Brimfield, Massachusetts. The district is centered around the town common, and includes properties radiating out from that center on Main Street, Brookfled, Wales, Sturbridge and Warren Roads. Brimfield Center was first laid out in 1721 along a Native American trail that ran through the area, and developed over the years into what is now US Route 20, or Main Street. The district includes properties ranging from early colonial houses to the town hall, built in 1878. The center has retained some coherence because the Brimfield Fair, a major antiques market that takes place three times a year, takes up significant open space in the areas near the center. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18732051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732051" title="Defender (album)">
Defender (album)

Defender is the tenth studio release by Irish musician Rory Gallagher.
Track listing.
Side one
Side two
CD bonus track
Personnel.
Invited guests

</doc>
<doc id="18732054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732054" title="Cabotville Common Historic District">
Cabotville Common Historic District

The Cabotville Common Historic District is a predominantly residential historic district in Chicopee, Massachusetts. It is centered around the park now called Lucy Wisnioswki Park, which was previously known as "The Common", and includes all of the buildings that face the park, as well as a few on immediately adjacent city streets. It was developed in the 1830s and 1840s as an area where mid-level employees of Chicopee's mills and factories lived, between the simpler tenements and boarding houses of the lower classes, and the elite mansions of the proprietors and top-level managers. Most of the building stock in the district was built between 1846 and 1870, and were single family brick or wood-frame Greek Revival houses. The Common, whose original purpose was to provide shared pasturage for area residents, was by the end of this period converted to a park. From the 1870s to the 1890s the housing stock was predominantly multi-family in scale, and exhibited the architectural fashions of the time: Italianate, Second Empire, and Victorian. Thereafter development was limited due to a lack of available land, and only a few brick apartment houses were built between 1890 and 1915.
Since that time there have been only modest changes to the neighborhood. A school was torn down, and was replaced by a wading pool and bath house. Buildings have been altered and added, and a few have been moved. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18732062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732062" title="Chester Center Historic District">
Chester Center Historic District

The Chester Center Historic District is a historic district encompassing the historic center of Chester, Massachusetts. The area was first laid out by Chester's first settlers in 1763. It remained the center of commerce and civic life in the rural agricultural community until railroads were built in other areas of the town in the 1840s. The village center declined in importance as economic activity moved to areas more readily accessible to the railroad, and the town hall was eventually moved to Chester Factories. The district includes properties on Skyline Trail near the intersection of Bromley and Lyman Roads, and features Greek Revival, colonial, and Federal architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18732070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732070" title="Dprevank">
Dprevank

Dprevank (, also Romanized as Dprevanq) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. The town is on the road from Dzoragyugh to Tsakhkasar.

</doc>
<doc id="18732071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732071" title="Michael Duursma">
Michael Duursma

Michael Steven Duursma (born 26 February 1978, Heiloo) is a Dutch professional baseball player who currently plays for Pioniers and the Dutch national team. He is the brother of Mark Duursma and was one of the few Dutch players to play in NCAA Division I.
Duursma hit .343/.414 in 1999 as a sophomore for Cypress Community College; he had started at shortstop and as a freshman as well. Also in 1999, Duursma played for the Dutch team in the European Championship and was rated the best defensive player. He also was with HCAW in the Hoofdklasse and went 5 for 9 with 2 runs, 2 RBI, 2 doubles and a steal in a valiant effort in a losing cause in the 1999 Holland Series.
In 2000, he transferred to Purdue University. As a junior, he fielded .942 and hit .267/.367/.331. He was hit by a pitch 13 times, which at the time ranked second in school history behind Sean Helsel. He played for the Dutch team in the preliminary games for the 2000 Summer Olympics, but was not selected for the final squad that represented the nation in Sydney.
In his senior year, he started every game for Purdue at shortstop, usually hitting 9th. He fielded .938 and was called by the Purdue website arguably the best defensive shortstop in the Big Ten. He batted .298/.378/.416 and went 3 for 7 in the Big Ten Conference tournament. He made the All-Conference team as the top shortstop. Overall, he had hit .283/.351/.374 with Purdue.
Undrafted in the 2001 amateur draft, Duursma returned to the Netherlands with the Minolta Pioniers. He hit .340 in 2002 but did not qualify for the batting championship; he would have tied Percy Isenia for 4th in Hoofdklasse. He did tie for sixth with two triples. Duursma replaced Ralph Milliard on the Dutch national team for the 2003 World Port Tournament but saw limited action, going 0 for 2 with 3 runs, presumably used as a pinch-runner. He also was on the European Cup winners with Pioniers. In the Hoofdklasse he led in runs (43, 6 more than runner-up Milliard) and tied for 9th with 10 steals.
Duursma hit .328 in 2004, fifth in Hoofdklasse. He again led in runs (39, four more than René Cremer) and tied Johnny Balentina for sixth in hits (45) and led in steals (20 in 21 tries, two more SB than Milliard). He also went 0 for 4 against Japan in the 2004 Haarlem Baseball Week. He failed to make the final cut for the 2004 Summer Olympics as the Dutch team went with Evert-Jan 't Hoen, Milliard and Reily Legito on the middle infield.
In 2005, Duursma batted .307/.439/.346 and fielded .964. He was 10th in Hoofdklasse in average, fifth with 47 hits (one behind brother Mark), 6th with 24 RBI and tied for 7th with 9 steals. He led the 2005 European Championship with 14 walks in 10 contests; no one else had more than 9. He also played error-free ball at second base. In the 2005 Baseball World Cup, Duursma hit .302/.412/.395 with 12 runs in 11 games. During the 2006 World Baseball Classic, Duursma had the best average on the Dutch team, though he played in just one game. He went 2 for 4 with two strikeouts in the contest against Panama.
Duursma slipped a bit in 2006, hitting .274/.433/.306 with 12 steals in 13 tries and a .952 fielding percentage. He was still second in Hoofdklasse in runs, with 38, only two behind leader Balentina. He was 4th in the circuit in stolen bases. He led the league with 11 times hit by pitch and his 33 walks tied brother Mark for the lead. In the 2006 Holland Series, he hit .278/.409/.333 in a losing cause, leading the Series with two steals.
He was 4 for 15 with 4 walks and 3 runs in the 2006 Haarlem Baseball Week as the Netherlands took the title. In the 2006 Intercontinental Cup, Duursma batted .323/.432/.323. In the Gold Medal game, with the Netherlands down 3-2 in the bottom of the 10th, Duursma singled off of Frank Montieth, then scored on a double by Dirk van 't Klooster. The Dutch team got no closer but still won the silver medal.
Duursma batted .319/.440/.333 in 2007 Hoofdklasse, scoring 37 runs in 38 games. He tied for 10th in the league in OBP, was 4th in runs and tied for fifth with 25 walks. He hit .231/.286/.231 in the 2007 Holland Series; his 3 hits came in game one, in which he also had a crucial run-costing error. The Pioniers lost the Series to Kinheim. Duursma hit .143/.208/.286 and made two errors as the worst Dutch starting position player in the 2007 European Baseball Championship. The team still won the Gold and qualified the 2008 Summer Olympics. He was 3 for 16 with 4 walks in the 2007 World Port Tournament. Duursma struggled again in the 2007 Baseball World Cup, going 1 for 7 with a run and an error in three games as Roel Koolen took over as the main second baseman.
Duursma played for Dutch national team at the 2008 Haarlem Baseball Week and batted .200 and led the team with 5 walks.
Duursma was selected by coach Robert Eenhoorn in the team that represents the Netherlands at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
During the 2008 season he batted .279 in Hoofdklasse and scored 34 runs in 38 games for Pioniers.
In 2009, Duursma played for the Dutch national team which went on to upset the Dominican Republic at the 2009 World Baseball Classic. Duursma batted .260 in Hoofdklasse and scored 31 runs in 33 games while playing shortstop for Pioniers. At the 2009 World Port Tournament he played shortstop and second base and led the tournament with 10 walks in 8 games.
Duursma struggled in 2010 when he batted .203/.309/.258 but had a .957 fielding percentage for Pioniers in de Hoofdklasse. Playing at the 2010 Haarlem Baseball Week he batted .294 as the Dutch national team took the title. In Germany, At the 2010 European Baseball Championship he batted .273 with a home run while playing shortstop and second base. The Dutch lost the final against Italy.
In 2011, Duursma batted .301/.451/.368 in the Hoofdklasse. His .451 OBP was 3rd in the league and his 32 walks was tied for 3rd in the league. He ended up scoring 33 runs in 39 games for Pioniers. Shortstop, Duursma, had a .963 fielding percentage. Pioniers went on to win the play-offs as Duursma went 12 for 29 for a .414 average and had a .528 OBP before struggling in the Holland Series as Pioniers lost to Amsterdam. Duursma was selected by coach Brian Farley for the 2011 World Port Tournament and started at shortstop all 8 games while batting .261 for the Dutch.
In 2012, Duursma batted .333/.465/.389 in 2012 while playing for Pioniers in Hoofdklasse. His .333 average was tied for 9th in the league, while his .465 on-base percentage was 3rd highest. He scored 30 runs and had 28 runs batted in and had a .963 fielding percentage at shortstop. His 10 sac bunts led Hoofdklasse. During the 2012 Haarlem Baseball Week he started all 7 games at shortstop for the Dutch national team. He led the tournament with a .429 average, going 9 for 21 and a tournament high .600 OBP. At the 2012 European Baseball Championship Duursma played third base as Italy went on to beat the Netherlands in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18732080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732080" title="Daniel Howell Hise House">
Daniel Howell Hise House

The Daniel Howell Hise House is an historic home that was part of the Underground Railroad. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is located in Salem, Ohio.
National Register-designated significance.
The house is listed on the National Register forto social and African-American history, as well as for the local notoriety of its namesake, Daniel Howell Hise.
History and role in abolitionism.
Built in the early 1850s by his father, the house was occupied by Hise and his wife Margaret in 1875, when they rechristened the home, "Unserheim" (“our home” in German), and made several alterations to the property, including construction of several hiding places for fleeing slaves. These renovations—including hidden rooms in the basement and a barn on the property—made the house a viable stop on the Underground Railroad.
Inspired by the words of Amos Gilbert, Daniel Hise served as a member of the Executive Committee of the Western Anti-slavery Society and helped organize the city of Salem’s then-annual Anti-Slavery Fair (a local fundraiser for abolitionist causes). He strongly agreed with the philosophies of William Lloyd Garrison, and from 1849 to 1855, Hise made his home available to fleeing slaves as well as abolitionist luminaries such as Oliver Johnson, Henry C. Wright, Parker Pillsbury and Charles C. Burleigh.
Daniel Howell Hise.
Daniel Howell Hise was born in New Jersey on September 12, 1813, and moved with his family to Salem in 1819. In his youth, he worked as a steamboat engineer in Alabama during the summers, and he eventually found work in his adopted hometown in blacksmithing, toolmaking, roofing, and kiln operation.
Notably, Hise did not consider himself a “suitable leader for the reform movements in existence,” but rather acted as an ardent supporter of abolitionism, in addition to other causes like Women’s suffrage and temperance.
Hise kept a vivid diary from December 29, 1846, until his death on November 17, 1878. Published by a local book company in 1933 at the request of Hise’s daughter, Nora, the entries have provided a window on the history of Salem and its role in the Underground Railroad.
Legacy in American art.
The American watercolorist Charles E. Burchfield featured the House in a painting made during his life in Salem.
Current status.
The Daniel Howell Hise House is a private residence, and is not open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="18732084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732084" title="Chester Factory Village Historic District">
Chester Factory Village Historic District

The Chester Factory Village Historic District is a historic district encompassing the historic village of Chester Factories in Chester, Massachusetts. Chester was settled in the 1760s, and the factory village was a location where water power was harnessed at an early time for grist mills and sawmills. The village got its name from the Chester Glass Factory, which operated in the area through the War of 1812. It benefited from the construction of a turnpike leading to Chester Center in 1804, and was transformed by the arrival of the railroad around 1840. The village became an important provisioning stop for trains, and the village further benefited by the fact that the railroad bypassed Chester Center. The economic and civic life of the town gradually shifted, and Chester Factories is where the town hall and library were built.
The district is roughly bounded by Middlefield Road, River, Main, and Maple Streets, US 20, and Williams Street. It contains mid-19th Century Revivals, Early Republic architecture, and Late Victorian architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18732092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732092" title="Downtown Springfield Railroad District">
Downtown Springfield Railroad District

The Downtown Springfield Railroad District is a historic district encompassing the early 20th century railroad-related buildings in Springfield, Massachusetts. They are in an area roughly bounded by Lyman, Main, Murray, and Spring Streets in Springfield, Massachusetts.
The district includes Springfield's Union Station, the adjacent Hotel Charles, four nearby commercial blocks, a warehouse, freight house, and a retaining wall designed in part by H. H. Richardson. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18732098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732098" title="USS Shakamaxon (AN-88)">
USS Shakamaxon (AN-88)

USS "Passaconaway" (YN-114/AN-86) – sometimes called USS "Skakamaxon" -- was a "Cohoes"-class net laying ship which was assigned to protect U.S. Navy ships and harbors during World War II with her anti-submarine nets. Her World War II career was short due to the war coming to an end, but, post-war, she continued salvage operations, including those at Bikini Atoll, before being struck by the Navy in 1947.
Construction.
"Shakamaxon" (AN-88) was laid down on 30 June 1944 by the Leathern D. Smith Shipbuilding Co., of Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin; launched on 9 September 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Theodore E. Layman; and commissioned on 5 April 1945.
World War II service.
"Shakamaxon" completed fitting out at the Boston Navy Yard, then conducted shakedown off the New England coast before commencing post-shakedown availability at Boston, Massachusetts. The auxiliary net-laying ship was assigned to the U.S. Pacific Fleet for duty in July 1945.
Post-war service.
By March 1946, she was at Guam in the Mariana Islands and, from there, moved to Bikini Atoll in the Marshall Islands for Operation Crossroads, the atomic bomb tests. She remained at Bikini from 25 May until 23 July, when she put to sea. 
"Shakamaxon" arrived at Kwajalein on 28 August and stayed until early September. She put to sea again for a time and then made for Guam on 13 September. She made a trip to Tinian on that date and returned to Guam, where she remained until 14 October. "Shakamaxon" arrived in Pearl Harbor on 29 October and did not depart until 16 January 1947.
Inactivation.
From there, she voyaged to San Diego, California, for inactivation overhaul. On 21 April 1947, the auxiliary net-laying ship entered the Pacific Reserve Fleet at San Diego. She remained out of commission, in reserve, until 1 July 1963 when her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register and transferred to the U.S. Maritime Administration for lay-up.
Transfer to the Department of the Interior.
She was reacquired in 1968 and transferred to the U.S. Department of Interior, for which she served as a cargo carrier in Micronesia. Her ultimate fate is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18732116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732116" title="Al's Diner">
Al's Diner

Al's Diner is a historic diner at 14 Yelle Street in Chicopee, Massachusetts. It was, at the time of its listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000, one of only of two diners in Massachusetts built by Master Diners of New Jersey, which operated from 1940 to the 1970s. The diner was moved to Chicopee in 1958, and has been known variously as Al's Diner, Al's Restaurant, and The White Diner.

</doc>
<doc id="18732122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732122" title="Datablender">
Datablender

Formed in 2006 December 01 DataBlender began as a collective sound system based in London, England. By 2008 the collective had founded its own record label with the objective of releasing new music by up and coming electronic music artists. The record label specializes in publishing 12" singles and vinyl compilations as well as CD’s all of which are also available in digital formats.
DataBlender offers a diverse array of Hardtechno and Heavy Industrial artists who collectively feed the current phenomenon which is known as the UK’s extreme underground techno music scene. With its A&R headquarters also here in London and manufacturing handled in the Netherlands it supplies majority of electronic music stores around the globe. However the label is mostly recognized by DJ’s from Germany, Lithuania and Benelux countries.
The label specializes in the publishing of 12" singles and EP compilations as
well as digital albums in Mp3 format.
In 2010 Datablender has launched two online radio stations:

</doc>
<doc id="18732127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732127" title="Siege of Malmö">
Siege of Malmö

The Siege of Malmö was fought during the night between June 25 and 26 (Julian calendar), 1677.
Prelude.
The fortified town of Malmö was the only Swedish stronghold that had not fallen into the hands of the Danes and during 1676 and 1677 it was used as a base for Swedish operations in the southwest corner of Skåne. To win the war king Christian V therefore had to capture Malmö. The siege began on June 10, when the Danish navy anchored in the roadstead north of the town and the Danish army camped on the plain south of the town. Danish engineers soon begun digging trenches leading up to the castle in the west and to the eastern and southern gates in the town wall. On the 12 the Danes brought in 28 siege guns and 27 mortars that started bombarding the castle and the town walls. 
The Swedish administration was not sure about the loyalty of the civilian citizens as they had only been under Swedish rule since 1658. But reports from Kristianstad about how the Danish king Christian V had allowed his soldiers three hours of plunder after the capture of the town in August 1676 ensured the citizens that their best option was to support the Swedes.
Battle.
The bombardment became more intense on the evening of the 25 and at 1 o'clock AM the battle begun with a Danish sham attack on the castle Malmöhus, followed by two full attacks on the city. One at the southern gate (Söderport) and one at the eastern gate (Österport). The Danes used fascines, ladders and pontoons to cross the moat. After a fearsome fight the Danish guard under command of Siegfried von Bibow was able to break through the defence close to the eastern gate. However, as soon as Danish troops reached the crest of the town wall the Danish artillery ceased to fire and this gave the defenders the opportunity to man their guns. The Swedish artillery soon begun firing on Danish troops making their way across the moat and this not only killed a lot of Danish soldiers but also made it impossible for the Danes to bring reinforcements to von Bibow. On the inside of the town wall von Bibow had too few men to force his way to the gate and open it and eventually he and all his men were cut down by Swedish soldiers and townsmen. Another attack on the other side of the eastern gate made it to the crest of the wall, but no further, while the attacks at the southern gate failed to even cross the moat.
Aftermath.
On the 5 July the Danish army began its retreat back north to Landskrona. The Danes had not only lost the initiative in the war but also its best troops and some of its most skilled commanders. It has been suggested that the later is one of the main reasons why the Danes lost at the battle of Landskrona a few weeks later.

</doc>
<doc id="18732131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732131" title="Mikhail Bukinik">
Mikhail Bukinik

Mykhailo Yevsiyovych Bukinik () (1872–1947) was a Ukrainian cellist, composer, music educator and music critic of classical music.
His four concert études for the solo cello were compulsory works at the prestigious International Cello Competition in Markneukirchen in May 2005.
Biography.
Bukinik was born in 1872, in Dubno in the area of Rivne, which is in today's Ukraine (about 400 km west of Kiev). Four of his family members, including his brother Isaac (violinist, teacher, music critic) and his two daughters decided that music would be their profession. From 1885 to 1890 Bukinik attended the music school in Kharkiv, where he was also a member of the Society for Russian Music. During these five years he studied with Alfred von Glehn (who was also the teacher of Gregor Piatigorsky) at the Moscow Conservatory. In his solo performances and concerts as a member of the orchestra, he played together with musicians such as Sergei Taneyev, Nikolai Medtner, Konstantin Igumnov, Alexander Goldenweiser, Alexander Goedicke and W. Lambowskaja. Among his fellow students were well-known musicians such as Ferruccio Busoni, Alexander Scriabin and Sergei Rachmaninoff. Bukinik finished his studies in 1895.
He then went on tour in Russia with a symphony orchestra led by Dimitri Achscharumow. After a brief stay in Berlin, Bukinik came to Saratov in 1899, where he remained until 1904 as a teacher at the Mariinsky Institute. At the same time, he met with the famous painter Victor Borisov-Musatov, who became his lifelong friend. Pavel Kuznetsov was another painter with whom Bukinik was very close. In 1901, together with Borisov-Musatov, the field doctor and writers Vladimir Stanjukowitsch and his wife Nadezhda, he founded the so-called "English Club of Saratov". In the following two years (1904–1906) Bukinik lived in Germany, France and Switzerland.
From 1906, he had many appearances in Moscow. There he was also cello teacher at the prestigious Gnessin School of Music (now the Gnessin Institute). After the Russian Revolution in October 1917, the school was temporarily closed. From 1919 to 1922 Bukinik was professor at the Conservatory of Kharkov. In 1922 he emigrated to the United States, where he worked with a Ukrainian string quartet and also played in a Ukrainian musical theater. In 1944 he published his memoirs; he died in 1947.
Bukenik was the first to play Rachmaninoff's Cello Sonata in G minor in Paris. He was the author of some cello works, and edited several works by Russian composers.

</doc>
<doc id="18732139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732139" title="Ames Manufacturing Company">
Ames Manufacturing Company

Ames Manufacturing Company has its origins in blacksmith and founder, Captain John Ames, who in 1774, made some of the first manufactured shovels in what would emerge as the new, United States of America.
History.
The company was founded in 1791 at their factory in Chelmsford, Massachusetts. It was continued by the founder's son by Nathan Peabody Ames (1803-1847) and produced its first swords for the US Government in 1832. A foundry was added, to cast cannon and bells. The historic sword and armament factory, located at 5-7 Springfield Street in Chicopee, Massachusetts, was built in 1847. The structure was added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
Nathan P. Ames was in partnership from 1829 to 1847 with James Tyler Ames.

</doc>
<doc id="18732144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732144" title="College of Liberal Arts at the University of Nevada">
College of Liberal Arts at the University of Nevada

The College of Liberal Arts at the University of Nevada (CLA) is the humanities and social sciences college at the University of Nevada. The Nevada School of the Arts and the new School of Social Research and Justice Studies are located in the college. 
CLA contains 13 departments and 11 programs and centers and is the university's largest college. In the past three years the numbers of their undergraduate majors have grown by nearly 4 percent a year. More than half of all University of Nevada undergraduates enroll in CLA courses each semester. The College of Liberal Arts has 200 full-time faculty and 44 support staff members.
Departments, programs and centers, and degrees.
Departments:
Programs and centers:
Degrees offered:

</doc>
<doc id="18732145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732145" title="My Four Children">
My Four Children

My Four Children is a 2002 documentary about an Israeli mother who takes in four foster children with Down syndrome after two of her own children were killed.
Summary.
Both gentle and assertive, Nelly is an ideal mother. While most people would be overwhelmed by the responsibility of four children that are developmentally impaired and have special needs, Nelly isn't fazed. She treats them as if they were normal children. The documentary show how under her supervision, the children learn to play musical instruments, use appropriate table manners, and feel loved.
Nelly's foster children came from cruel circumstances. Tom and Suzie, the first two children Nelly took in, were previously placed in a foster home where they were force fed so roughly that they would end up eating blood with their food. It them a long time to trust and feel comfortable in Nelly's gentle home.
The documentary explores what it means to be a mother, whether it's a matter of biology or behavior. Suzie's biological mother explains, quite honestly, that she loved her daughter when she was a baby, but as soon as Suzie started to grow older, and her disorder became evident, she felt incapable of caring for her. She still visits Suzie, now and then, but says that she considers Nelly Suzie's real mother.
What's initially surprising about Nelly's situation is the lack of support she receives from her immediate family. Her husband divorced her because he couldn't handle having four young children in the house again, and her eldest daughter doesn't support Nelly's decision to adopt one of the foster children. While their behavior seems harsh at first, as the documentary progresses, they become more sympathetic. Their lives were just as devastated by the family tragedies as Nelly's; and, perhaps, in some ways, Nelly abandoned her original family when she decided to take in new children.
See also.
other documentaries about unique Jewish families:

</doc>
<doc id="18732146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732146" title="Bangs Block">
Bangs Block

The Bangs Block is a historic commercial block at 1119 Main Street in Springfield, Massachusetts. The four story brick building was built in 1870 for John Bangs, who operated a flour and dry goods business on the premises. His son, Adam Bangs, used the space as a meat market, and it has seen a variety of commercial uses since then. The building is four window bays wide, presenting a relatively narrow profile to the street; it has Italianate detailing in the brickwork. The building was listed on the National Historic Register in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18732149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732149" title="In Celebration">
In Celebration

In Celebration is a 1975 film directed by Lindsay Anderson. It is based in the 1969 stage production of the same name by David Storey which was also directed by Anderson. The movie was produced and released as part of the American Film Theatre, which adapted theatrical works for a subscription-driven cinema series. It was meant to be shown theatrically with tickets sold in advance.
Synopsis.
The film stars Alan Bates (recreating his stage role) and takes place in a Yorkshire mining town. The Shaws (Bill Owen, Constance Chapman) are celebrating their 40th wedding anniversary and their three sons have come up for a night out at an expensive restaurant. Mr. Shaw is a coal miner of 49 years, who married a woman from a higher social level (Constance Chapman). Mr. Shaw has only one year left until retirement. Mrs. Shaw urged her sons to abandon their father’s mining heritage in pursuit of corporate careers, but the results have not been positive. Andy (Bates), the oldest, became an attorney, but abandoned the work to pursue painting. Colin (James Bolam) was a former Communist party member, who has come to enjoy material (but not emotional) success as a labour negotiator for an automobile company. The youngest brother Steven (Brian Cox) is a teacher, married with four children of his own, who is writing a book, but has not produced any notable published works. The film examines the tensions which develop as the family reunite over the course of one evening. During the family gathering, the parents and their sons recall unpleasant past incidents, including the death of another brother, the mother’s suicide attempt, and the outing of one son as a homosexual.
Reception.
"In Celebration" received strong reviews during its theatrical run. Vincent Canby, writing in "The New York Times", praised Anderson for having “succeeded in making a very complete, full-bodied film of Mr. Storey's play without being tricky or intrusive…Mr. Anderson has also gotten terrific performances from everyone, especially Mr. Bates, Miss Chapman and Mr. Cox, as the most troubled of the Shaw sons.” "New York Magazine" echoed the sentiment, noting “Anderson and a superb cast have made a harrowing and satisfying suspense drama.”
2007 revival.
In Celebration was revived at the Duke of York's Theatre, London by Sonia Friedman productions. 

</doc>
<doc id="18732152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18732152" title="Baystate Corset Block">
Baystate Corset Block

The Baystate Corset Block is a historic commercial block at 395-405 Dwight St. and 99 Taylor Street in Springfield, Massachusetts. The main portion of the building, facing Dwight Street, was built in 1874 by Marsh & Robinson. The first tenants of the building were woodworking shops, who occupied it until 1883, when it was occupied by a paper products business. P. P. Kellogg, its owner, expanded the premises, building the Taylor Street frontage in 1888. The Baystate Corset Company purchased the building in 1895, and occupied it until 1920. It was one of the nation's largest corset manufacturers at the time, shipping products all across the country. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
