<doc id="18691665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691665" title="Sana'a">
Sana'a

Sana'a (also spelled Sanaa or Sana; "" , Yemeni Arabic: ) is the capital of Yemen and the centre of Sana'a Governorate. The city is not part of the Governorate, but forms the separate administrative district of "Amanat Al-Asemah".
Sana'a is one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world. At an altitude of , it is also one of the highest capital cities in the world. Sana'a has a population of approximately 1,937,500 (2012), making it Yemen's largest city.
The old city of Sana'a, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, has a distinctive visual character due its unique architectural characteristics, most notably expressed in its multi-storey buildings decorated with geometric patterns. Located here is the Great Mosque of Sana'a, the largest in the city.
History.
Ancient period.
Sana'a is one of the oldest populated places in the world. According to popular legend, it was founded by Shem, the son of Noah. It was known as "Azal" in ancient times, which has been connected to Uzal, a son of Qahtan, a great-grandson of Shem, in the Biblical accounts of Genesis. Its current name likely derived from the South Arabian word for "well-fortified", a name that echoes the meaning of the Ethiopian namerecorded in a Syriac account as "Auzalites"the city held in the 6th century.
The Arab historian al-Hamdani wrote that Sana'a was walled by the Sabeans under their ruler Sha'r Awtar, who also built the Ghumdan Palace in the city. Because of its location, Sana'a has served as an urban center for the surrounding tribes of the region and as a nucleus of regional trade in southern Arabia. It was positioned at the crossroad of two major ancient trade routes linking Marib in the east to the Red Sea in the west.
When King Yousef Athar (or Dhu Nuwas), the last of the Himyarite kings, was in power, Sana'a was also the capital of the Ethiopian viceroys.
Islamic era.
From the dawn of Islam until the founding of independent sub-states in many parts of the Yemen Islamic Caliphate, Sana'a persisted as the governing seat. The Caliph's deputy ran the affairs of one of Yemen's three Makhalifs: Mikhlaf Sana'a, Mikhlaf al-Janad and Mikhlaf Hadhramawt. The city of Sana'a regularly regained an important status and all Yemenite States competed to control it.
Imam al-Shafi'i, the 8th-century Islamic jurist and founder of the Shafi'i school or jurisprudence, visited Sana'a several times. He praised the city, writing "La budda min Ṣanʻāʼ," or "Sana'a must be seen." In the 9th–10th centuries, the Yemeni geographer al-Hamdani took note of the city's cleanliness, saying "The least dwelling there has a well or two, a garden and long cesspits separate from each other, empty of ordure, without smell or evil odors, because of the hard concrete (adobe and Cob probably) and fine pastureland and clean places to walk." Later in the 10th-century, the Persian geographer Ibn Rustah wrote of Sana'a "It is the city of Yemen—there not being found ... a city greater, more populous or more prosperous, of nobler origin or more delicious food than it."
In 1062 Sana'a was taken over by the Sulayhid dynasty led by Ali al-Sulayhi and his wife, the popular Queen Asma. He made the city capital of his relatively small kingdom, which also included the Haraz Mountains. The Sulayhids were aligned with the Ismaili Muslim-leaning Fatimid Caliphate of Egypt, rather than the Baghdad-based Abbasid Caliphate which most of Arabia followed. Al-Sulayhi ruled for about 20 years but he was assassinated by his principal local rivals, the Zabid-based Najahids. Following his death, al-Sulayhi's daughter, Arwa al-Sulayhi, inherited the throne. She withdrew from Sana'a, transferring the Sulayhid capital to Jibla, where she ruled much of Yemen from 1067 to 1138. As a result of the Sulayhid departure, the Hamdanid dynasty took control of Sana'a.
In 1173 Saladin, the Ayyubid sultan of Egypt, sent his brother Turan-Shah on an expedition to conquer Yemen. The Ayyubids gained control of Sana'a in 1175 and united the various Yemeni tribal states, except for the northern mountains controlled by the Zaydi imams, into one entity. The Ayyubids switched the country's official religious allegiance to the Sunni Muslim Abbasids. During the reign of the Ayyubid "emir" Tughtekin ibn Ayyub, the city underwent significant improvements. These included the incorporation of the garden lands on the western bank of the Sa'ilah, known as Bustan al-Sultan, where the Ayyubids built one of their palaces. Despite Sana'a's strategic position, the Ayyubids chose Ta'izz as their capital while Aden was their principal income-producing city.
While the Rasulids controlled most of Yemen, followed by their successors the Tahirids, Sana'a largely remained in the political orbit of the Zaydi imams from 1323 to 1454 and outside the former two dynasties' rule. The Mamelukes arrived in Yemen in 1517.
Ottoman era.
The Ottoman Empire entered Yemen in 1538 when Suleiman the Magnificent was Sultan. Under the military leadership of Özdemir Pasha, the Ottomans conquered Sana'a in 1547. With Ottoman approval, European captains based in the Yemeni port towns of Aden and Mocha frequented Sana'a to maintain special privileges and capitulations for their trade. In 1602 the local Zaydi imams led by Imam al-Mu'ayyad reasserted their control over the area, and forced out Ottoman troops in 1629. Although the Ottomans fled during al-Mu'ayyad's reign, his predecessor al-Mansur al-Qasim had vastly weakened the Ottoman army in Sana'a and Yemen. Consequently, European traders were stripped of their previous privileges.
The Zaydi imams maintained their rule over Sana'a until the mid 19th-century, when the Ottomans relaunched their campaign to control the region. In 1835, Ottoman troops arrived on the Yemeni coast under the guise of Muhammad Ali of Egypt's troops. They did not capture Sana'a until 1872, when their troops led by Ahmed Muhtar Pasha entered the city. The Ottoman Empire instituted the Tanzimat reforms throughout the lands they governed.
In Sana'a, city planning was initiated for the first time, new roads were built, and schools and hospitals were established. The reforms were rushed by the Ottomans in order to solidify their control of Sana'a to compete with an expanding Egypt, British influence in Aden and imperial Italian and French influence along the coast of Somalia, particularly in the towns of Djibouti and Berbera. The modernization reforms in Sana'a were still very limited, however.
North Yemen period.
In 1904, as Ottoman influence was waning in Yemen, Imam Yahya of the Zaydi imams took power in Sana'a. In a bid to secure North Yemen's independence, Yahya embarked on a policy of isolationism, avoiding international and Arab world politics, cracking down on embryonic liberal movements, not contributing to the development of infrastructure in Sana'a and elsewhere and closing down the Ottoman girls' school. As a consequence of Yahya's measures, Sana'a increasingly became a center of anti-government organization and intellectual revolt.
In the 1930s, several organizations opposing or demanding reform of the Zaydi imamate sprung up in the city, particularly Fatat al-Fulayhi, a group of various Yemeni Muslim scholars based in Sana'a's Fulayhi Madrasa, and Hait al-Nidal ("Committee of the Struggle.") By 1936 the leaders of these movements mostly imprisoned. In 1941 another group based in the city, the Shabab al-Amr bil-Maruf wal-Nahian al-Munkar, called for a "nahda" ("renaissance") in the country as well as the establishment of a parliament with Islam being the instrument of Yemeni revival. Yahya largely repressed the Shabab and most of its leaders were executed following his son, Imam Ahmad's inheritance of power in 1948. That year, Sana'a was replaced with Ta'izz as capital following Ahmad's new residence there. Most government offices followed suit. A few years later, most of the city's Jewish population emigrated to Israel.
Ahmad began a process of gradual economic and political liberalization, but by 1961 Sana'a was witnessing major demonstrations and riots demanding quicker reform and change. Pro-republican officers in the North Yemeni military sympathetic of Gamal Abdel Nasser of Egypt's government and pan-Arabist policies staged a coup overthrowing the Imamate government in September 1962, a week after Ahmad's death. Sana'a's role as capital was restored afterward.
British writer Jonathan Raban visited in the 1970s and described the city as fortress-like, its architecture and layout resembling a labyrinth," further noting "It was like stepping out into the middle of a vast pop-up picturebook. Away from the street, the whole city turned into a maze of another kind, a dense, jumbled alphabet of signs and symbols."
Contemporary era.
Following the unification of Yemen, Sana'a was designated capital of the new Republic of Yemen. It houses the presidential palace, the parliament, the supreme court and the country's government ministries. The largest source of employment is provided by the governmental civil service. Due to massive rural immigration, Sana'a has grown far outside its Old City, but this has placed a huge strain on the city's underdeveloped infrastructure and municipal services, particularly water.
Sana'a was chosen as the 2004 Arab Cultural Capital by the Arab League. In 2008, the Saleh Mosque was completed. It holds over 40,000 worshipers.
On 21 May 2012, Sana'a was attacked by a suicide bomber, resulting in the deaths of 120 soldiers.
Geography and climate.
Districts.
Generally, Sana'a is divided into two parts: the Old City District ("al-Qadeemah") and the new city ("al-Jadid.") The former is much smaller and retains the city's ancient heritage and mercantile way-of-living while the latter is an urban sprawl with many suburbs and modern buildings. The newer parts of the city were largely developed in the 1960s and onward when Sana'a was chosen as the republican capital.
The following are the list of districts in the city:
New City
Old City
Climate.
Sana'a features the very rare mild version of a desert climate (Köppen: BWk). Sana'a sees on average approximately 200 mm of precipitation per year. However, due to its high elevation, temperatures are much more moderate than many other cities on the Arabian Peninsula. In fact, average temperatures remain relatively constant throughout the year in Sana'a, with its coldest month being January and its warmest month in July. The city seldom experiences extreme heat or cold. However, some areas around the city can see temperatures fall to around 15 °F or 20 °F (−9 °C or −7 °C) during winter. Frost usually occurs in the early winter mornings, and there is a slight wind chill in the city at elevated ares that causes the cold mornings to be oddly bitter, including low humidity. The Sun warms the city to the high 60s °F (15…20 °C) and low 70s °F (21…26 °C) during the noontime but it drops drastically as night falls in. The city experiences many microclimates from district to district because of its location in the Sana'a basin and uneven elevations throughout the city. Summers are warm and can cool rapidly at night, especially after rainfall. Sana'a receives half of its annual rainfall during the months of July and August. Rainfall comes depending on the year; some years could see 500–600 mm of rainfall, while others can barely get 150 mm. High temperatures have increased slightly during the summer over the past few years, however, low temperatures and winter temperatures have dramatically fallen over the same period.
Culture.
Old City.
The old fortified city has been inhabited for more than 2,500 years and contains many intact architectural gems. It was declared a World Heritage Site by the United Nations in 1986. Efforts are underway to preserve some of the oldest buildings some of which, such as the Samsarh and the Great Mosque of Sana'a, are more than 1,400 years old. Surrounded by ancient clay walls which stand high, the old city contains more than 100 mosques, 12 "hammams" (baths) and 6,500 houses. Many of the houses resemble ancient skyscrapers, reaching several stories high and topped with flat roofs. They are decorated with elaborate friezes and intricately carved frames and stained-glass windows.
One of the most popular attractions is "Suq al-Milh" (Salt Market), where it is possible to buy salt along with bread, spices, raisins, cotton, copper, pottery, silverware, and antiques. The 7th-century "Jami' al-Kabir" (Great Mosque) is one of the oldest mosques in the world. The "Bāb al-Yaman" (Yemen Gate) is an iconized entry point through the city walls and is more than 1,000 years old.
A commercial area of the old city is known as "Al Madina" where development is proceeding rapidly. In addition to three large hotels, there are numerous stores and restaurants. The area also contains three parks and the President's palace.
Sports.
Football (soccer) is the most popular sport in Sana'a. The city is home to the Ali Muhesen Stadium, home of the Yemen national football team, and is mostly used for football matches. The stadium holds 25,000 people.
Demographics.
Population growth spiked starting in the 1960s as a result of mass rural migration to the city in search of employment and improved standard of living. Sana'a is the fastest growing capital city in the world with a growth rate of 7%, while the growth rate of the nation as a whole is 3.2%. About 10% of the population resides in the Old City, while the remainder live in the outside districts.
Jewish community.
Jews have been present in Yemen since the 10th century BCE and form one of the most historic Jewish diasporas. After the creation of Israel in 1948, about 49,000 (of an estimated 51,000) of Yemenite Jews were airlifted to Israel, almost 10,000 of whom were from Sana'a (see the English-language book "Jews and Muslims in lower Yemen: a study in protection and restraint, 1918–1949"). There was essentially no Jewish population in Sana'a until the Shia insurgency broke out in in northern Yemen in 2004. The Houthis directly threatened the Jewish community in 2007, prompting the government of president Saleh to offer them refuge in Sana'a. As of 2010, there were around 70 Jews living in the capital under government protection.
Economy.
Historically, Sana'a had a mining industry. The hills around Sana'a were mined for onyx, chalcedony, and cornelian. The city was also known for its metalwork, which the British described as "famous" in the early 20th century, but declining in popularity. As of 1920, Sana'a was described by the British as being "well supplied with fruit and grapes, and has good water."
As the capital city of Yemen, 40% of jobs in Sana'a are in the public sector. Other primary sources of formal employment in the city are trade and industry. Like many other cities in the developing world, Sana'a has a large informal sector which is estimated to constitute 32% of nongovernmental employment.
However, while there is a greater variety of jobs in Sana'a as compared to other cities in Yemen, there is also greater poverty and unemployment. It is estimated that 25% of the labor force in Sana'a is unemployed.
Transport.
Yemenia, the national airline of Yemen, has its head office in Sana'a. Sana'a International Airport is Yemen's main domestic and international airport. There is currently no rail network but there are plans to install one in the future. A primary means of transport in the city is via dababs, minibuses which carry about 10 people. Taxis are also a very common form of public transport and there are coaches to major cities such as Aden and Taiz.

</doc>
<doc id="18691678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691678" title="Christy Keogh">
Christy Keogh

Christy Keogh (29 June 1943 – 19 July 2002) was an Irish hurler who played as a left corner-forward for the Wexford senior team.
Born in Enniscorthy, County Kilkenny, Keogh arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of twenty-eight when he first linked up with the Kilkenny senior team. He made his debut in the 1971 championship. Keogh went on to play a key part for the rest of the decade, and won two Leinster medals and one National Hurling League medal. He was an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
Keogh represented the Leinster inter-provincial team at various times throughout his career, winning one Railway Cup medals in 1974. At club level he played with Rapparees and Shamrocks.
Throughout his career, Keogh made 23 championship appearances for Wexford . His retirement came following Wexford's defeat by Kilkenny in the 1979 championship.
In retirement from playing Keogh became involved in coaching and team management. He served as manager of the Wexford sneior hurling team on three separate occasions. 

</doc>
<doc id="18691682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691682" title="Robert Leke, 3rd Earl of Scarsdale">
Robert Leke, 3rd Earl of Scarsdale

Robert Leke, 3rd Earl of Scarsdale (9 March 1654 – 27 December 1707) was an English politician and courtier, styled Lord Deincourt from 1655 to 1681.
Deincourt was the eldest son of Nicholas Leke, 2nd Earl of Scarsdale and his wife, Frances, the third daughter of Robert Rich, 2nd Earl of Warwick. On 11 February 1672, Deincourt married Mary Lewis (1658–1684), the second daughter and coheiress of Sir John Lewis, 1st Baronet.
Deincourt served as the Captain of the Honourable Band of Gentlemen Pensioners from 1677 to 1682, and as a captain in Lord Gerard's Regiment of Horse from 1678 to 1679. He was briefly Member of Parliament for Newark in 1679 and called to the House of Lords in his father's barony of Deincourt of Sutton in 1680. A few months later he inherited his father's earldom of Scarsdale.
Scarsdale was Lord Lieutenant of Derbyshire from 1684 to 1687, Colonel of The Princess Anne of Denmark's Regiment of Horse and Groom of the Stole to Prince George of Denmark from 1685 to 1687.
Scarsdale had Jacobite sympathies; in other words he supported the exiled Stuarts. Among other demonstrations of this, he was one of only five peers to formally protest in the House of Lords Journal against the passing of the Act of Settlement (1701), an act which confirmed the Stuarts' exclusion from the throne of the House of Lords, vol.16, p. 699, May 1701.
Scarsdale died childless in 1707 and his titles passed to his nephew, Nicholas.
See also.
List of deserters from James II to William of Orange

</doc>
<doc id="18691689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691689" title="Darsley Park">
Darsley Park

Newcastle United Training Centre, more commonly known as "Darsley Park" is the training ground of Premier League club Newcastle United. It lies next door to the Northumberland Football Association base at Whitley Park, North Tyneside, England.
Since July 2003 Newcastle United's first team have trained at the purpose-built centre. The academy train in a separate facility at Little Benton, south of Darsley Park.
The complex comprises four buildings: the main building which houses the main reception, changing rooms, managerial offices, meeting rooms, gym, physiotherapy, restaurant and a recreation area. Adjacent to this is the laundry area where all the strips and training gear are taken care of. Next to it is the indoor pitch, a full-size pitch with a rubber-based astroturf, called FieldTurf, shielded from the elements by a tough canvas covering. Finally there is the green-keepers' building.
The facility is open to locally-based sports teams, including the Newcastle Falcons rugby team who use the indoor facility to train when bad weather renders their Kingston Park pitches unplayable.

</doc>
<doc id="18691693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691693" title="Arptables">
Arptables

The arptables computer software utility is a network administrator's tool for maintaining the Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) packet filter rules in the Linux kernel firewall modules.
The tools may be used to create, update, and view the tables that contain the filtering rules, similarly to the iptables program from which it was developed. A popular application is the creation of filter configurations to prevent ARP spoofing.
Linux kernel 2.4 only offers two ARP filtering chains, INPUT and OUTPUT, and Linux kernel 2.6 adds the third, FORWARD, applied when bridging packets.

</doc>
<doc id="18691704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691704" title="Bahey El Din Barakat Pasha">
Bahey El Din Barakat Pasha

Bahey El Din Barakat Pasha () (1889–1972) was an Egyptian political figure.
Born in Menyat El Morshed village (in Kafr el-Sheikh Governorate), he studied in Cairo as well as in Paris. Originally a law teacher, he entered politics and was appointed Minister of Education twice during the 1930s. During his tenure, a committee was established to facilitate Arabic grammar rules in order to make it easier for students to study in Arabic. He paid attention to the improvement of textbooks, and created an admission system for the High Institute of Education in 1938. In January of the same year, he inaugurated Egypt's radio broadcasting service.
A leading figure of the Wafd Party during Saad Zaghlul's leadership as well as during the reign of King Farouk I, Bahey El Din Barakat was elected Speaker of the Chamber of Deputies on 12 April 1938, a position he held for a year and a half.
Barakat received the nobiliary title of "Pasha" on 15 February 1938. He headed the Divan of Accounting from 1945 to 1949. He also served on the three-member Regency Body that was formed following the 1952 Revolution to assume the powers of King Fuad II, who was barely six months old at the time. The Regency Body had no actual powers, however, these having been effectively assumed by the Revolutionary Command Council. Created on 2 August 1952, the Regency Body was dissolved on 14 October of the same year, with Prince Muhammad Abdel Moneim being appointed as sole regent.

</doc>
<doc id="18691709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691709" title="Lin Yue">
Lin Yue

Lin Yue (); born July 24, 1991 in Chaozhou, Guangdong) is a Chinese athlete who competes in diving. He competed for Team China in Diving at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Background.
Lin Yue started diving when he was little, training in a sporting school in his hometown, with a coach named Li Huansen (李焕森). In the following 5 years, he went to Guangdong Provincial Weilun Sporting School (广东省伟伦体育学校), under instructor Cao Ke (曹科). In the year 2004, he was selected in the Beijing Diving team. His current coach is Zhong Shaozhen(钟少珍).
Major achievements.
He claimed the bronze medal in the 2007 World Aquatics Championships.
He claimed the gold medal at the 2008 World Cup - 10m platform synchro.
He won the gold medals in the Men's synchronized 10 metre platform at the 2008 Summer Olympics, as well as at the 2009 ROMA FINA World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18691710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691710" title="4th Light Horse Brigade">
4th Light Horse Brigade

The 4th Light Horse Brigade was a mounted infantry brigade of the First Australian Imperial Force serving in the Middle Eastern theatre of World War I. The brigade was formed in March 1915 and shipped to Egypt without their horses and was broken up in Egypt in August 1915. Reformed in February 1917, the Brigade was attached to the Imperial Mounted Division of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force and in June 1917 transferred to the Australian Mounted Division, where it served in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign until the end of the war.
History.
Formation.
The 4th Light Horse Brigade was raised in response to a promise made by the Australian Government to supply a division of 20,000 Australians comprising infantry, artillery and cavalry to be used at the discretion of Britain. The 4th Light Horse Brigade was part of the 4th Contingent that was raised from 4 March 1915. The 4th Light Horse Brigade was primarily raised from recruits currently serving in the various militia light horse formations created as a consequence of the Kitchener Report 1910 and the introduction of Universal Training.
Embarkation.
The original Brigade embarked to Egypt during months of May and June 1915. In Egypt additional training occurred at the Heliopolis Camp. Subsequent embarkations of reinforcements occurred as and when sufficient recruits were gathered and prepared for movement to a war theatre.
Reformation.
After returning to Egypt from the Gallipoli Campaign the 4th 11th and 12th Light Horse Regiments remained unbrigaded until the War Office agreed to reform the 4th Light Horse Brigade in January 1917. The brigade would join the 3rd Light Horse Brigade and the 5th and 6th Mounted Brigades to form the Imperial Mounted Division (later known as the Australian Mounted Division).
Battle of Beersheba.
The most notable action the 4th Light Horse Brigade participated in was the cavalry charge during the Battle of Beersheba in 1917.
Disbandment.
The Brigade was disbanded in July 1919 when the individual regiments returned to Australia from June to July 1919. As each Regiment arrived in the specific home port, they were disbanded.
Composition.
4th Light Horse Regiment.
This Regiment was recruited exclusively Victoria in August 1914 as Divisional Cavalry. "B" and "D" Squadrons embarked for France in May 1916. A new "B" Squadron was raised as a consequence. The Regiment was renamed 3rd Camel Regiment in September 1916 and served with the Imperial Camel Corps until it brigaded with the 11th and 12th Light Horse Regiments into the 4th Light Horse Brigade in February 1917.
11th Light Horse Regiment.
This was a composite Regiment recruited primarily from Queensland with a South Australian Squadron. "A" Squadron and "B" Squadron recruited from Queensland and "C" Squadron recruited from South Australia. The Regiment was broken up on 26 August 1915 as reinforcements to Regiments at Gallipoli. "A" Squadron became "D" Squadron, 2nd Light Horse Regiment, "B" Squadron became "D" Squadron, 5th Light Horse Regiment and"C" Squadron became "D" Squadron, 9th Light Horse Regiment. The Regiment was reconstituted on 20 February 1916 at Heliopolis, Egypt. The Regiment was renamed 1st Camel Regiment in September 1916 and served with the Imperial Camel Corps until it brigaded with the 4th Light Horse Brigade in February 1917.
12th Light Horse Regiment.
The 12th Light Horse Regiment was recruited exclusively from New South Wales. The Regiment was broken up on 26 August 1915 as reinforcements to Regiments at Gallipoli. "A" Squadron became "D" Squadron, 1st Light Horse Regiment, "B" Squadron became "D" Squadron, 7th Light Horse Regiment and "C" Squadron became "D" Squadron, 6th Light Horse Regiment. The Regiment was reconstituted on 20 February 1916 in Egypt. It was renamed 2nd Camel Regiment in September 1916 and served with the Imperial Camel Corps until it brigaded with the 4th Light Horse Brigade in February 1917.
4th Light Horse Machine Gun Squadron.
The 4th Light Horse Machine Gun Squadron was formed when the Parent Brigade was formed in February 1917. The 4th Light Horse Machine Gun Squadron was armed with 12 machine-guns.
4th Light Horse Signal Troop.
The 4th Signal Troop was created in February 1917 by drafting in four signallers from each of the 12 Regiments in Palestine.
4th Light Horse Field Ambulance.
The 4th Light Horse Field Ambulance was formed in February 1917 from some 60 men drawn out of all the other Light Horse formations in Egypt.
4th Light Horse Brigade Train.
The 4th Light Horse Brigade Train was primarily recruited around Melbourne and trained at Broadmeadows. After Gallipoli, this unit underwent some name changes from 4th Supply Section in February 1917 to 36th Australian Army Service Corps Company in August 1917.
9th Mobile Veterinary Section.
The 9th Mobile Veterinary Section was formed in February 1917.
Artillery.
Artillery support was provided for the 4th Light Horse Brigade from the British A Battery, Honourable Artillery Company and 1/1st Nottinghamshire RHA of XIX Brigade, Royal Horse Artillery (T.F.).
4th Light Horse Training Regiment.
Formed in Egypt during February 1917, this unit trained incoming reinforcements while allowing the wounded and sick a place to recover before returning to active service. The Training Regiment contained three squadrons, each duplicating the Regiments within the Brigade to whom it supplied the reinforcements. The Training Regiment was disbanded in July 1918 to be replaced by the Australian Light Horse Training Regiment when recruits were no longer tied to a Regiment but placed in a general pool of reinforcements called the General Service Reinforcements.
Campaigns.
Palestine:

</doc>
<doc id="18691713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691713" title="Jam Unar">
Jam Unar

Jam Unar bin Babinah () was the founder of the Samma Dynasty, which ruled the Sindh and parts of Punjab and Balochistan from 1335-1520 C.E.
History.
It was in 752 A.H. (1351 C.E.) that Jám Unar son of Babinah was proclaimed the ruler of Sind. In a very short time, Jám Unar was sufficiently strong enough to attack Sehwán. Malak Ratan, a Turk, was at that time the governor of the place, on behalf of the king of Dehlí. He came out to meet Jám Unar and defeated him in a battle, but the next day Jám Unar returned to fight with redoubled force. He defeated Malak Ratan, who accidentally fell from his horse and into the hands of his enemy, who cut off his head with a blow. The fort of Sehwán was then soon taken. 
Upon returning to his capital, Jám Unar began to lead a luxurious life. One day while he was drunk, information was received of some rising at a short distance. The Jám deputed his agent Káhah son of Tamáchí to put down the rebellion. As Káhah himself was in an intoxicated state, he was soon taken prisoner by the mob. Jám Unar was so busy in his profligacies that he had no time to think of his agent’s release. Naturally, Káhah was much annoyed at his master’s want of sympathy. He managed to effect an escape, and leaving the side of Jám Unar for good, came to Bakhar and joined Alí Sháh and Malak Feróz Tartars. Bringing them to Bahrámpur got Jám Unar killed. Some say that Alí Sháh and Malak Feróz had already started from Bakhar to be avenged on Jám Unar for his taking the fort of Sehwán and killing Malak Ratan. After 3 days, however, the Sammahs killed Káhah and Malak Feróz. Alí Sháh had already gone back to Bakhar. 
Jám Unar reigned for 3 years and 6 months. He was succeeded by his brother Júnah.
References.
This article includes content derived from ""History of Sind - translated from Persian books"" by Mirza Kalichbeg Fredunbeg (1853-1929), published in Karachi in 1902 and now in the public domain.

</doc>
<doc id="18691722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691722" title="Ned Wheeler">
Ned Wheeler

Ned Wheeler (born 1932 in Wexford, Ireland) is a retired Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Faythe Harriers and with the Wexford senior inter-county team from 1949 until 1965.
Playing career.
Club.
Wheeler played his club hurling with the famous Faythe Harriers club and enjoyed much success. He first tasted success in 1960 when he won his first senior county title. It was the first time that the Faythe Harriers club had captured the senior county championship. Two years later in 1962 Wheeler added a second county medal to his collection. He won a third and final county title in 1965.
Inter-county.
Wheeler first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Wexford senior team in the late 1940s. He made his debut in 1949, but it would be 1951 before he became a regular on the team. That year he won his first Leinster title as Wexford defeated Laois by 3-12 to 4-3. It was the county’s first senior provincial title since 1918. Wexford later accounted for Galway in the penultimate game of the championship, setting up an All-Ireland final meeting with Tipperary. Tipp were the overwhelming favourites and were looking for a third championship in-a-row. Nicky Rackard was the star player for Wexford, however it was Tipp who won the game by 7-7 to 3-9.
Wexford lost out to Dublin and Kilkenny in the next two Leinster finals. The team bounced back in 1954 with Wheeler winning a second Leinster medal after defeating Dublin. Wexford later trounced Antrim by 12-17 to 2-3 to qualify for the All-Ireland final. Cork were the opponents on that occasion as a record crowd of 84,856 traveled to Croke Park. Wexford led by four points with seventeen minutes left to play, but history was against Wheeler’s team. Cork were hoping for a third All-Ireland in-a-row and Christy Ring was hoping for a record eighth All-Ireland medal. In the end it was ‘the Rebel’s who won the game by 1-9 to 1-6.
In 1955 Wexford retained their provincial dominance with Wheeler collecting a third Leinster medal. The subsequent All-Ireland semi-final saw Limerick providing the opposition. Although the team was trained by Mick Mackey they were completely outclassed by Wexford who qualified for another All-Ireland final. Galway had got a bye into the final without picking up a hurley, however they took the Wexford men to task. Wexford trailed at half-time, but a Tim Flood goal near the end clinched the victory for Wexford. It was Wheeler’s first All-Ireland medal and Wexford’s first championship title since 1910.
1956 got off to a good start as Wheeler added a National Hurling League medal to his collection. By this stage Wexford were earning a reputation as a great team and they proved it by retaining the Leinster title for a third successive year. Galway fell heavily in the All-Ireland semi-final, allowing Wexford to advance to an All-Ireland final meeting with Cork. The game has gone down in history as one of the all-time classics as Christy Ring was bidding for a ninth All-Ireland medal. The game turned on one important incident as the Wexford goalkeeper, Art Foley, made a miraculous save from a Ring shot and cleared the sliothar up the field to set up another attack. Nicky Rackard scored a crucial goal with two minutes to go giving Wexford a 2-14 to 2-8 victory. In spite of Cork's loss Wexford’s Nick O'Donnell and Bobby Rackard, in an unparalleled display of sportsmanship in any game, raised Christy Ring onto their shoulders and carried him off the field. Wexford had won the game and Wheeler had collected his second All-Ireland medal but there was no doubt in their minds that the real hero was Ring.
Wexford lost their Leinster crown in 1957, however Wheeler collected a second National League medal in 1958. Two years later in 1960 Wexford were back on top and Wheeler collected a fifth Leinster medal. This victory over Kilkenny allowed Wexford to advance directly to the All-Ireland final where Tipperary were the opponents. Wheeler’s side got off to a good start with a quick goal by Mick Hassett. A second goal was scored by Oliver ‘Hopper’ McGrath just after the interval to put Wexford in the driving seat. With a minute to go the crowd invaded the pitch thinking that the game was over. When the disorder was cleared Tipp continued but only had twelve players on the field. Bill Moloughney scored a later point for Tipp; this was not entered into the official records however. It was too later in any case as Wexford won by 2-15 to 0-11 giving Wheeler his third All-Ireland medal.
Wexford lost their provincial crown in 1961, but Wheeler captured a sixth Leinster medal in 1962 as Kilkenny fell by 3-9 to 2-10. Another All-Ireland final meeting with Tipperary beckoned for Wexford and Wheeler. The Leinster men got off to a bad start as Tom Moloughney and Seán Moloughney scored two goals for Tipp inside the first minute. Wexford fought back and the game remained level for most of the rest of the match. Jimmy O'Brien from Wexford scored a remarkable goal from all of seventy yards out. It was not enough for Wexford as Tipperary won the game by 3-10 to 2-11.
The next few years saw Wheeler relegated to the substitute’s bench; but he was still regarded as an important member of the team. In 1965 Wexford faced Tipperary in the All-Ireland final once again. Of all their meetings in recent years this proved to be the most one-sided. Wheeler came on as a substitute, Tipp won easily with two unorthodox hand-passed goals by Seán McLoughlin. Tipp also scored seven unanswered points in the last quarter to win the game by 2-16 to 0-10. This was Wheeler’s last appearance for Wexford as he retired immediately after the defeat.
Provincial.
Wheeler also lined out with Leinster in the inter-provincial hurling competition. He won his first Railway Cup medal in 1954 as Leinster defeated Munster. Wheeler won further Railway Cup medals in 1956 and 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="18691731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691731" title="Normal Musical Institute">
Normal Musical Institute

The Normal Musical Institute (also the New York Normal Institute) was a school for the training of music teachers, the first such in the United States. It was organized by George F. Root, William Bradbury and Lowell Mason in New York in 1853. The Institute was a four-week long training session, taking place during the summer and costing ten dollars, in addition to room and board. Subjects included harmony, singing and composition.

</doc>
<doc id="18691741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691741" title="Guido Celano">
Guido Celano

Guido Celano (19 April 1904 – 7 March 1988) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 120 films between 1931 and 1988. He was born in Francavilla al Mare, Italy and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18691744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691744" title="House of George Sand">
House of George Sand

The House of French writer George Sand (1804-1876) is located in the village of Nohant, in the Indre Department of France. It was purchased by the French state in 1952, and has been preserved as it was when Sand wrote many of her books there and hosted many of the most important artists and writers of her time, including Frédéric Chopin, Balzac, Turgenev, and Delacroix. The writer and her family are buried in a small cemetery between the garden and the village church. The gardens are classified by the French Ministry of Culture as among the Notable Gardens of France. The house is open to the public, and is managed by the "Centre des monuments nationaux".
History.
The village of 'Nohan' is mentioned in French chronicles as early as 1228. A fortified manor house stood on the site, and was reconstructed between 1450 and 1452. Two of the original towers are part of the farm of the present chateau. In 1767 the land and house was purchased by Pierre Pearron, who reconstructed the manor in its present form. It was sold in 1793, during the French Revolution, to Madame Dupin de Francueil, the illegitimate daughter of the French military hero Marechal Maurice de Saxe, and granddaughter of August II the Strong, the King of Poland, grandmother of George Sand, who laid out the gardens and built the main stairway. 
In 1808 Aurore Dupin (the future George Sand), then just four years old, came to live with her grandmother after the accidental death of her father, Maurice Dupin, an officer in the French army.
Aurore Dupin's grandmother was not happy with what she considered the excessive exuberance and free ways of the child, and sent her to a convent. When Aurore was 16 her grandmother was paralyzed by a stroke, and she returned to Nohant to take care of her. When her grandmother died in 1821, Aurore received the house as an inheritance. The following year, she married Casimir Dudevant, who was nine years her senior. They had two children, Maurice (born 1823) and Solange (born 1828).
In 1830, Aurore fell in love with Jules Sandeau, and left her husband to move to Paris. There she wrote two novels, "Indiana" and "Lélia" under the name George Sand, which made her famous. In her absence her husband took possession of the house. She regained it after a lawsuit, and moved back into the house in 1837. 
From 1837 until her death in 1876, Sand spent long summers, usually from May until November, at the house, where she entertained many of the most famous artists of the time, including composer Franz Liszt, writers Honoré de Balzac and Gustave Flaubert, and painter Eugène Delacroix. From 1839 until 1847, Frédéric Chopin lived with her in the house, writing his "Fantasie in fa Minor", the "Sonata Funebre", the two Nocturnes, Op. 37, and the four Mazurkas, Op. 41.
Many of her most famous novels, including "Consuelo", "La Mare au Diable", and "Le Meunier d'Angibault", were written in the house, and most of her novels are set in the Berry countryside and villages around Nohant. 
After the death of George Sand, the house passed to her son Maurice Dudevant (1823-1889). The house remained in the family until the death of Sand's granddaughter, Aurore Dudevant (1866-1961.) It was classified as a National Historical Monument of France in 1952, and was opened to the public in 1961 as Maison de George Sand à Nohant.

</doc>
<doc id="18691749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691749" title="FOTA">
FOTA

FOTA as an acronym, could mean one of the following:
<br>
<br>
Fota could mean one of the following:
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18691752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691752" title="Huo Liang">
Huo Liang

Huo Liang (; born September 29, 1989, in Shanghai) is a Chinese athlete who competes in diving. In addition to his gold medal in the 10m Platform Sync. event at the 2008 Summer Olympics, he dove for 10m Platform event, placing 4th in the final round.
Huo was the only male diver who could win World Championships in Men's synchronized 10 metre platform consecutive three times.
Major achievements.
He claimed the gold medal at the 2008 World Cup – 10m platform synchro Event.

</doc>
<doc id="18691757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691757" title="Christy Jacob">
Christy Jacob

Christy Jacob (born 1944 in Oulart, County Wexford) is a retired Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Oulart-the Ballagh and with the Wexford senior inter-county team from 1966 until 1973.
Playing career.
Club.
Jacob played his club hurling with his local Oulart-the Ballagh club. In spite of competing in a number of county finals throughout the 1970s and early he never won a senior county title with the club.
Inter-county.
Jacob first came to prominence on the inter-county scene on the Wexford under-21 hurling team in the 1960s. He won a Leinster title in this grade in 1964 before later lining out in his first All-Ireland final. Tipperary provided the opposition on that occasion and went on to claim an impressive 8-9 to 3-1 victory. Jacob won a second Leinster under-21 medal in 1965 before lining out in a second All-Ireland final. Tipp were the opponents once again, however, on this occasion the result was reversed as Jacob won an All-Ireland medal following a 3-7 to 1-4 win.
Jacob later made his debut with the Wexford senior team in 1966, however, his side were outclassed in Leinster for the next dew years. In 1967 Jacob tasted his first major success when he won a National Hurling League medal. Unfortunately, this success was not converted into success in the championship.
1968 began well with Jacob winning his first Leinster medal. Kilkenny, the reigning All-Ireland champions, were defeated in the provincial decider on a score line of 3-13 to 4-9. For the fourth time of the decade Wexford subsequently faced Tipperary in the All-Ireland final with the Munster men leading by two victories to one. At half-time it looked as if Tipp were cruising to another victory as they took an eight point lead. Just after the restart Jacob scored a goal but it was disallowed before Tony Doran scored a goal after just six minutes. Tipp fought back; however, it was too late as Wexford won by 5-8 to 3-12. It was Jacob’s first All-Ireland medal.
The next few years saw Jacob finding it difficult to maintain his position on the starting fifteen. He played in the Leinster finals of 1971 and 1973; however, Kilkenny won five provincial titles in-a-row between 1971 and 1975. Jacob retired from inter-county hurling shortly after the 1973 defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="18691786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691786" title="Marsh Green, Devon">
Marsh Green, Devon

Marsh Green is a small village about 8 miles east of Exeter and 4 miles west of Ottery St Mary in East Devon, England, at OS grid reference SY042936.

</doc>
<doc id="18691791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691791" title="Anticipation (Lewis Black album)">
Anticipation (Lewis Black album)

Anticipation is the sixth album by comedian Lewis Black. It was released on August 5, 2008 on Comedy Central Records. The album consists of stand-up material he has used on his tours over a three-year period, and was recorded on September 21, 2007 in Wausau, Wisconsin.
The album cover features part of the word "Anticipation" while the back features the rest of the word. It was designed for people to think Black was "anti-something".

</doc>
<doc id="18691796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691796" title="Þorvaldsson">
Þorvaldsson

Þorvaldsson is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Þorvaldur". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18691820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691820" title="Scotland during the Roman Empire">
Scotland during the Roman Empire

Scotland during the Roman Empire encompasses a period of protohistory from the arrival of Roman legions in c. AD 71 to their departure in 213 in the area that is now Scotland. The history of the period is complex: the Roman empire influenced every part of Scotland during the period, however the occupation was neither complete nor continuous. The military presence of Rome lasted for little more than 40 years for most of Scotland and only as much as 80 years in total anywhere. At no time was even half of Scotland's land mass under Roman control. Analysis and interpretation is complicated by the fact that the idea of both "Scots" and of "Scotland" as a discrete entity did not emerge until centuries later. The period is marked by the appearance of the first historical accounts of the peoples of Scotland, as well as by extensive, if at times inconclusive, archaeological evidence.
Throughout this time the geographical area of Scotland was occupied by several different tribes utilising Iron Age technology with a wide variety of relationships both to one another and to Ancient Rome. The Romans gave the name "Caledonia" to the land north of their province of "Britannia", beyond the frontier of the empire. Although the Roman presence was an important time in Scottish history, not least because it was when written records first emerged, Roman influence on Scottish culture was not enduring.
The Roman invasion under Quintus Petillius Cerialis began in AD 71 and culminated in the battle of Mons Graupius at an unknown location in northern Scotland in AD 84. Although the Caledonia Confederacy suffered a defeat it was not long before the legions abandoned their territorial gains and returned to a line south of the Solway Firth, later consolidated by the construction of Hadrian's Wall.
Roman commanders subsequently made various attempts to conquer territory to the north of this line, including the building of the Antonine Wall and the later Severan campaigns but their success was similarly short-lived. Roman forces ceased to have a significant impact after 211. By the close of the Roman occupation of southern and central Britain in the 5th century the Picts had emerged as the dominant force in northern Scotland, with the various Brythonic tribes the Romans had first encountered there occupying the southern half of the country.
The dawn of Scottish history.
Scotland had been inhabited for thousands of years before the Romans arrived. However, it is only towards the Graeco-Roman period that Scotland is recorded in writing.
The author e.g. of "De Mundo" (Aristotle or Pseudo-Aristotle), knew of the two very large "nēsoi Brettanikai", i.e. the British Islands, which he called "Albion" and "Ierne" referring respectively to the islands of Great Britain and Ireland. The Greek explorer and geographer Pytheas visited Britain sometime between 322 and 285 BC and may have circumnavigated the mainland, which he describes as being triangular in shape. In "On the Ocean" he refers to the most northerly point as "Orcas", conceivably a reference to Orkney.
The earliest written record of a formal connection between Rome and Scotland is the attendance of the "King of Orkney" who was one of 11 British kings who submitted to the Emperor Claudius at Colchester in AD 43 following the invasion of southern Britain three months earlier. The long distances and short period of time involved strongly suggest a prior connection between Rome and Orkney, although no evidence of this has been found and the contrast with later Caledonian resistance is striking. Originals of "On the Ocean" do not survive, but copies are known to have existed in the 1st century AD so at the least a rudimentary knowledge of the geography of north Britain would have been available to Roman military intelligence. Pomponius Mela, the Roman geographer, recorded in his "De Chorographia", written circa AD 43, that there were 30 Orkney islands and seven "Haemodae" (possibly Shetland). There is certainly evidence of an Orcadian connection with Rome prior to 60 AD from pottery found at the broch of Gurness.
By the time of Pliny the Elder, who died in AD 79, Roman knowledge of the geography of Scotland had extended to the "Hebudes" (The Hebrides), "Dumna" (probably the Outer Hebrides), the Caledonian Forest and the Caledonii.
Ptolemy, possibly drawing on earlier sources of information as well as more contemporary accounts from the Agricolan invasion, identified 18 tribes in Scotland in his "Geography", but many of the names are obscure and the geography becomes less reliable in the north and west, suggesting early Roman knowledge of these area was confined to observations from the sea.
Iron Age culture in Scotland.
Ptolemy's tribes located north of the Forth-Clyde isthmus include the Cornovii in Caithness, the Caereni, Smertae, Carnonacae, Decantae, Lugi and Creones also north of the Great Glen, the Taexali in the north-east, the Epidii in Argyll, the Venicones in Fife, the Caledonii in the central Highlands and the Vacomagi centred near Strathmore. It is likely that all of these cultures spoke a form of Celtic language known as Pritennic. The occupants of southern Scotland were the Damnonii in the Clyde valley, the Novantae in Galloway, the Selgovae on the south coast and the Votadini to the east. These peoples may have spoken a form of Brythonic language.
Despite the discovery of many hundreds of Iron Age sites in Scotland there is still a great deal that remains to be explained about the nature of the Celtic life in the early Christian era. Unfortunately radiocarbon dating for this period is problematic and chronological sequences are poorly understood. For a variety of reasons much of the archaeological work to date in Scotland has concentrated on the islands of the west and north and both excavations and analysis of societal structures on the mainland are more limited in scope.
The peoples of early Iron Age Scotland, particularly in the north and west, lived in substantial stone buildings called Atlantic roundhouses. The remains of hundreds of these houses exist throughout the country, some merely piles of rubble, others with impressive towers and outbuildings. They date from about 800 BC to AD 300 with the most imposing structures having been created circa 200–100 BC. The most massive constructions that date from this time are the circular broch towers. On average, the ruins only survive up to a few metres above ground level, although there are five extant examples of towers whose walls still exceed 6.5 m (21 ft) in height. There are at least 100 broch sites in Scotland. Despite extensive research, their purpose and the nature of the societies that created them are still a matter of debate.
In some parts of Iron Age Scotland, quite unlike almost all of recorded history right up to the present day, there does not seem to have been an hierarchical elite. Studies have shown that these stone roundhouses, with massively thick walls must have contained virtually the entire population of islands such as Barra and North Uist. Iron Age settlement patterns in Scotland are not homogenous, but in these places there is no sign of a privileged class living in large castles or forts, or of an elite priestly caste or of peasants with no access to the kind of accommodation enjoyed by the middle classes.
Over 400 souterrains have been discovered in Scotland, many of them in the south-east, and although few have been dated those that have suggest a construction date in the 2nd or 3rd centuries AD. Unfortunately the purpose of these small underground structures is also obscure. They are usually found close to settlements (whose timber frames are much less well-preserved) and may have been for storing perishable agricultural products.
Scotland also has numerous vitrified forts but again an accurate chronology has proven to be evasive. Extensive studies of such a fort at Finavon Hill near Forfar in Angus, using a variety of techniques, suggest dates for the destruction of the site in either the last two centuries BC, or the mid-1st millennium AD. The lack of Roman artefacts (common in local souterrain sites) suggests that many sites were abandoned before the arrival of the legions.
Unlike the earlier Neolithic and Bronze Ages, which have provided massive monuments to the dead, Iron Age burial sites in Scotland are rare, and a recent find at Dunbar may provide further insight into the culture of this period. A similar site of a warrior's grave at Alloa has been provisionally dated to AD 90–130. A traveller called Demetrius of Tarsus related to Plutarch the tale of an expedition to the west coast in or shortly before AD 83. He stated that it was "a gloomy journey amongst uninhabited islands", but that he had visited one which was the retreat of holy men. He mentioned neither the druids nor the name of the island.
The invasion of Caledonia.
The apparently cordial beginnings recorded in Colchester did not last. We know nothing of the foreign policies of the senior leaders in mainland Scotland in the 1st century, but by AD 71 the Roman governor Quintus Petillius Cerialis had launched an invasion. The Votadini, who occupied the south-east of Scotland, came under Roman sway at an early stage and Cerialis sent one division north through their territory to the shores of the Firth of Forth. The XXth Legion took a western route through Annandale in an attempt to encircle and isolate the Selgovae who occupied the central Southern Uplands. Early success tempted Cerialis further north and he began constructing a line of Glenblocker forts to the north and west of the Gask Ridge which marked a frontier between the Venicones to the south and the Caledonii to the north.
In the summer of AD 78 Gnaeus Julius Agricola arrived in Britain to take up his appointment as the new governor. Two years later his legions constructed a substantial fort at Trimontium near Melrose. Excavations in the 20th century produced significant finds including the foundations of several successive structures, Roman coins and pottery. Remains from the Roman army were also found, including a collection of Roman armour (with ornate cavalry parade helmets), and horse fittings (with bronze saddleplates and studded leather chamfrons). Agricola is said to have pushed his armies to the estuary of the "River Taus" (usually assumed to be the River Tay) and established forts there, including a legionary fortress at Inchtuthil.
Mons Graupius.
In the summer of AD 84 the Romans faced the massed armies of the Caledonians at the Battle of Mons Graupius. Agricola, whose forces included a fleet, arrived at the site with light infantry bolstered with British auxiliaries. It is estimated that a total of 20,000 Romans faced 30,000 Caledonian warriors.
Agricola put his auxiliaries in the front line, keeping the legions in reserve, and relied on close-quarters fighting to make the Caledonians' unpointed slashing swords useless. Even though the Caledonians were put to rout and therefore lost this battle, two thirds of their army managed to escape and hide in the Scottish Highlands or the "trackless wilds" as Tacitus called them. Battle casualties were estimated by Tacitus to be about 10,000 on the Caledonian side and roughly 360 on the Roman side. A number of authors have reckoned the battle to have occurred in the Grampian Mounth within sight of the North Sea. In particular, Roy, Surenne, Watt, Hogan and others have advanced notions that the site of the battle may have been Kempstone Hill, Megray Hill or other knolls near the Raedykes Roman camp. These points of high ground are proximate to the Elsick Mounth, an ancient trackway used by Romans and Caledonians for military manoeuvres. Other suggestions include the hill of Bennachie in Aberdeenshire, the Gask Ridge not far from Perth and Sutherland. It has also been suggested that in the absence of any archaeological evidence and Tacitus' low estimates of Roman casualties, that the battle was simply fabricated.
Calgacus.
The first resident of Scotland to appear in history by name was Calgacus ("the Swordsman"), a leader of the Caledonians at Mons Graupius, who is referred to by Tacitus in the "Agricola" (30) as "the most distinguished for birth and valour among the chieftains". Tacitus even invented a speech for him in advance of the battle in which he describes the Romans as:
Aftermath.
Calgacus' fate is unknown but, according to Tacitus, after the battle Agricola ordered the prefect of the fleet to sail around the north of Scotland to confirm that Britain was an island and to receive the surrender of the Orcadians. It was proclaimed that Agricola had finally subdued all the tribes of Britain. However, the Roman historian Cassius Dio reports that this circumnavigation resulted in Titus receiving his 15th acclamation as emperor in 79 AD. This is five years before Mons Graupius is believed by most historians to have taken place.
Marching camps may have been constructed along the southern shores of the Moray Firth, although their existence is questioned. The total size of the Roman garrison in Scotland during the Flavian period of occupation is thought to be some 25,000 troops, requiring 16–19,000 tons of grain per annum. In addition, the material to construct the forts was substantial, estimated at 1 million cubic feet (28,315 m3) of timber during the 1st century. Ten tons of buried nails were discovered at the Inchtuthil site, which may have had a garrison of up to 6,000 men and which itself consumed 30 linear kilometres of wood for the walls alone, which would have used up 100 hectares (247 acres) of forest.
Soon after his announcement of victory, Agricola was recalled to Rome by Domitian and his post passed to Sallustius Lucullus. Agricola's successors were seemingly unable or unwilling to further subdue the far north. Despite his apparent successes, Agricola himself fell out of favour and it is possible that Domitian may have been informed of the fraudulence of his claims to have won a significant victory. The fortress at Inchtuthil was dismantled before its completion and the other fortifications of the Gask Ridge (erected to consolidate the Roman presence in Scotland in the aftermath of Mons Graupius) were abandoned within the space of a few years. It is possible that the costs of a drawn-out war outweighed any economic or political benefit and it was deemed more profitable to leave the Caledonians to themselves. By AD 87 the occupation was limited to the Southern Uplands and by the end of the 1st century the northern limit of Roman expansion was a line drawn between the Tyne and Solway Firth. Elginhaugh fort, in Midlothian, dates to about this period as may Castle Greg in West Lothian, which was most likely used as a monitoring base for an east-west road running along the foot of the nearby Pentlands, from the Forth to the Clyde Valley.
Presumably as a consequence of the Roman advance, various hill forts such as Dun Mor in Perthshire, which had been abandoned by the natives long ago, were re-occupied. Some new ones may even have been constructed in the north-east such as Hill O' Christ's Kirk in Aberdeenshire.
"Towns" and southern brochs.
Ptolemy's map identifies 19 "towns" from intelligence gathered during the Agricolan campaigns. No archaeological evidence of any truly urban places has been found from this time and the names may have indicated hill forts or temporary market and meeting places. Most of the names are obscure: "Devana" may be the modern Banchory, and "Alauna" (meaning "the rock") in the west is probably Dumbarton Rock and the place of the same name in the east of the Lowlands may be the site of Edinburgh Castle. "Lindon" may be Balloch on Loch Lomond side.
There are the remains of various broch towers in southern Scotland that appear to date from the period immediately prior to or following Agricola's invasion. They are about fifteen in number and are found in four locations: the Forth valley, close to the Firth of Tay, the far south-west and the eastern Borders. Their existence so far from the main centres of broch-building is something of a mystery. The destruction of the Leckie broch may have come at the hands of the Roman invaders, yet like the nearby site of Fairy Knowe at Buchlyvie a substantial amount of both Roman and native artefacts have been recovered there. Both structures were built in the late 1st century AD and were evidently high-status buildings. The inhabitants raised sheep, cattle and pigs, and benefited from a range of wild game including Red Deer and Wild Boar.
Edin's Hall Broch in Berwickshire is the best preserved southern broch and although the ruins are superficially similar to some of the larger Orcadian broch villages it is unlikely that the tower was ever more than a single story high. There is an absence of Roman artefacts at this site. Various theories for the existence of these structures have been proposed, including their construction by northern invaders following the withdrawal of Roman troops after the Agricolan advance, or by allies of Rome encouraged to emulate the impressive northern style in order to suppress native resistance, perhaps even the Orcadian chiefs whose positive relationship with Rome may have continued from the beginnings of Romano-British relations. It is also possible that their construction had little to do with Roman frontier policy and was simply the importation of a new style by southern elites or it may have been a response by such elites to the growing threat of Rome prior to the invasion and an attempt to ally themselves, actually or symbolically, with the free north.
Hadrian's Wall.
Quintus Pompeius Falco became governor of Brittania between 118 and 122 and is thought to have suppressed an uprising involving the Brigantes of northern Britannia and the Selgovae. In his last year of office he hosted a visit to the province by the Emperor Hadrian that resulted in the construction of Hadrian's Wall (Latin: "Rigore Valli Aeli", "the line along Hadrian's frontier").
This line of occupation of Britain was consolidated as one of the "limites" (defensible frontiers) of the empire by its construction. It is a stone and turf fortification built across the width of what is now northern England. The wall was 80 Roman miles (73.5 statute miles or 117 kilometres) long, its width and height dependent on the construction materials which were available nearby. East of the River Irthing the wall was made from squared stone and measured 3 metres (9.7 ft) wide and 5–6 metres (16–20 ft) high, while west of the river the wall was made from turf and measured 6 metres (20 ft) wide and 3.5 metres (11.5 ft) high. The wall was augmented by various ditches, berms, and forts.
The wall had several purposes. Defence was the most obvious, but it also controlled movement behind the line, enabled the rapid transmission of military intelligence and facilitated the collection of customs dues. Its scale also demonstrated the power of Rome to her enemies, and was surely intended to enhance the prestige of its builder. Hadrian's Wall remained the frontier between the Roman and Celtic worlds in Britain until 139.
Antonine Wall.
Quintus Lollius Urbicus was made governor of Roman Britain in 138, by the new Emperor Antoninus Pius. Urbicus was the son of a Libyan landowner and a native of Numidia (modern Algeria). Prior to coming to Britain he served during the Jewish Rebellion of 132–135, and then governing Germania Inferior.
Antoninus Pius soon reversed the containment policy of his predecessor Hadrian, and Urbicus was ordered to begin the reconquest of Lowland Scotland by moving north. Between 139 and 140 he rebuilt a fort at Corbridge and by 142 or 143, commemorative coins were issued celebrating a victory in Britain. It is therefore likely that Urbicus led the reoccupation of southern Scotland c. 141, probably using Legio II "Augusta". He evidently campaigned against several British tribes (possibly including factions of the northern Brigantes), certainly against the lowland tribes of Scotland; the Votadini and Selgovae of the Scottish Borders region, and the Damnonii of Strathclyde. His total force may have been about 16,500 men.
It seems likely that Urbicus planned his campaign of attack from Corbridge, advancing north and leaving garrison forts at High Rochester in Northumberland and possibly also at Trimontium as he struck towards the Firth of Forth. Having secured an overland supply route for military personnel and equipment along Dere Street, Urbicus very likely set up a supply port at Carriden for the supply of grain and other foodstuffs before proceeding against the Damnonii.
Success was swift and the construction of a new "limes" between the Firth of Forth and the Firth of Clyde commenced. Contingents from at least one British legion are known to have assisted in the erection of the new turf barrier, as evidenced by an inscription from the fort at Old Kilpatrick, the Antonine Wall's western terminus. Today, the sward-covered wall is the remains of a defensive line made of turf circa 7 metres (20 ft) high, with nineteen forts. It was constructed after AD 139 and extended for . It was possibly after the defences were finished that Urbicus turned his attention upon the fourth lowland Scottish tribe, the Novantae who inhabited the Dumfries and Galloway peninsula. The main lowland tribes, sandwiched as they were between Hadrian's Wall of stone to the south and the new turf wall to the north, later formed a confederation against Roman rule, collectively known as the Maeatae.
The Antonine Wall had a variety of purposes. It provided a defensive line against the Caledonians. It cut off the Maeatae from their Caledonian allies and created a buffer zone north of Hadrian's Wall. It also facilitated troop movements between east and west, but its main purpose may not have been primarily military. It enabled Rome to control and tax trade and may have prevented potentially disloyal new subjects of Roman rule from communicating with their independent brethren to the north and coordinating revolts. Urbicus achieved an impressive series of military successes, but like Agricola's they were short-lived. Having taken twelve years to build, the wall was overrun and abandoned soon after AD 160.
The destruction of some of the southern brochs may date to the Antonine advance, the hypothesis being that whether or not they had previously been symbols of Roman patronage they had now outlived their usefulness from a Roman point of view.
Later Roman campaigns.
The Roman frontier became Hadrian's Wall again, although Roman incursions into Scotland continued. Initially outpost forts were occupied in the south-west and Trimontium remained in use but they too were abandoned after the mid-180s.
Roman troops, however, penetrated far into the north of modern Scotland several more times. Indeed, there is a greater density of Roman marching camps in Scotland than anywhere else in Europe as a result of at least four major attempts to subdue the area. The Antonine Wall was occupied again for a brief period after AD 197. The most notable invasion was in 209 when the emperor Septimus Severus, claiming to be provoked by the belligerence of the Maeatae, campaigned against the Caledonian Confederacy. Severus invaded Caledonia with an army perhaps over 40,000 strong.
According to Dio Cassius, he inflicted genocidal depredations on the natives and incurred the loss of 50,000 of his own men to the attrition of guerrilla tactics, although it is likely that these figures are a significant exaggeration.
A string of forts was constructed in the north-east (some of which may date from the earlier Antonine campaign). These include camps associated with the Elsick Mounth, such as Normandykes, Ythan Wells, Deers Den and Glenmailen. However, only two forts in Scotland, at Cramond and Carpow (in the Tay valley) are definitely known to have been permanently occupied during this incursion before the troops were withdrawn again to Hadrian's Wall circa 213. There is some evidence that these campaigns are coincident with the wholesale destruction and abandonment of souterrains in southern Scotland. This may have been due either to Roman military aggression or the collapse of local grain markets in the wake of Roman withdrawal.
By 210, Severus' campaigning had made significant gains, but his campaign was cut short when he fell fatally ill, dying at Eboracum in 211. Although his son Caracalla continued campaigning the following year, he soon settled for peace. The Romans never campaigned deep into Caledonia again: they soon withdrew south permanently to Hadrian's Wall.
It was during the negotiations to purchase the truce necessary to secure the Roman retreat to the wall that the first recorded utterance, attributable with any reasonable degree of confidence, to a native of Scotland was made. When Septimus Severus' wife, Julia Domna, criticised the sexual morals of the Caledonian women, the wife of Caledonian chief Argentocoxos replied: "We fulfill the demands of nature in a much better way than do you Roman women; for we consort openly with the best men, whereas you let yourselves be debauched in secret by the vilest".
Little is known about this alliance of Iron Age tribes, which may have been augmented by fugitives from Roman rule further south. The exact location of "Caledonia" is unknown, and the boundaries are unlikely to have been fixed. The name itself is a Roman one, as used by Tacitus, Ptolemy, Pliny the Elder and Lucan, but the name by which the Caledonians referred to themselves is unknown. It is likely that the prior to the Roman invasions, political control in the region was highly decentralised and no evidence has emerged of any specific Caledonian military or political leadership.
Later excursions by the Romans were generally limited to the scouting expeditions in the buffer zone that developed between the walls, trading contacts, bribes to purchase truces from the natives, and eventually the spread of Christianity. The Ravenna Cosmography utilises a 3rd- or 4th-century Roman map and identifies four "loci" (meeting places, possibly markets) in southern Scotland. "Locus Maponi" is possibly the modern Lochmabenstane near Gretna which continued to be used as a muster point well into the historic period. Two of the others indicate meeting places of the Damnonii and Selgovae, and the fourth, "Manavi" may be Clackmannan. From the time of Caracalla onwards, no further attempts were made to permanently occupy territory in Scotland.
The Painted Ones.
The intermittent Roman presence in Scotland coincided with the emergence of the Picts, a confederation of tribes who lived to the north of the Forth and Clyde from Roman times until the 10th century. They are often assumed to have been the descendants of the Caledonii though the evidence for this connection is circumstantial and the name by which the Picts called themselves is unknown. They are often said to have tattooed themselves, but evidence for this is limited. Naturalistic depictions of Pictish nobles, hunters and warriors, male and female, without obvious tattoos, are found on their monumental stones. The Gaels of Dalriada called the Picts "Cruithne", and Irish poets portrayed their Pictish counterparts as very much like themselves.
The means by which the Pictish confederation formed is also unknown, although there is speculation that reaction to the growth of the Roman Empire was a factor. The early history of Pictland is unclear. In later periods multiple kings existed, ruling over separate kingdoms, with one king, sometimes two, more or less dominating their lesser neighbours. "De Situ Albanie", the Pictish Chronicle, and the "Duan Albanach", along with Irish legends, have been used to argue the existence of seven Pictish kingdoms although more may have existed and some evidence suggests that a Pictish kingdom also existed in Orkney.
The Pictish relationship with Rome appears to have been less overtly hostile than their Caledonii predecessors, at least in the beginning. There were no more pitched battles and conflict was generally limited to raiding parties from both sides of the frontier until immediately prior to and after the Roman retreat from Brittania. Their apparent success in holding back Roman forces cannot be explained solely with reference to the remoteness of Caledonia or the difficulties of the terrain. In part it may have been due to the difficulties encountered in subjugating a population that did not conform to the strictures of local governance that Roman power usually depended on to operate through.
The technology of everyday life is not well recorded, but archaeological evidence shows it to have been similar to that in Ireland and Anglo-Saxon England. Recently evidence has been found of watermills in Pictland and kilns were used for drying kernels of wheat or barley, not otherwise easy in the changeable, temperate climate. Although constructed in earlier times, brochs, roundhouses and crannogs remained in use into and beyond the Pictish period.
Elsewhere in Scotland wheelhouses were constructed, probably for ritualistic purposes, in the west and north. Their geographical locations are highly restricted, which suggests that they may have been contained within a political or cultural frontier of some kind and the co-incidence of their arrival and departure being associated with the period of Roman influence in Scotland is a matter of ongoing debate. It is not known whether the culture that constructed them was "Pictish" as such although they would certainly have been known to the Picts.
As Rome's power waned, the Picts were emboldened. War bands raided south of Hadrian's Wall in earnest in 342, 360 and 365 and they participated in the "conspiratio barbarica " of 367. Rome fought back, mounting campaigns in 369 and 384, but these were short-lived successes. The legions finally deserted "Brittania" in 410, never to return.
Roman legacy.
The military presence of Rome lasted for little more than 40 years for most of Scotland and only as much as 80 years in total anywhere. At no time was even half of Scotland's land mass under Roman control.
Scotland has inherited two main features from the Roman period, although mostly indirectly: the use of the Latin script for its languages, and the emergence of Christianity as the predominant religion. Through Christianity, the Latin language would become used by the natives of Scotland for the purposes of church and government for centuries more.
Roman influence assisted the spread of Christianity throughout Europe, but there is little evidence of a direct link between the Roman Empire and Christian missions north of Hadrian's Wall. Traditionally, Ninian is credited as the first bishop active in Scotland. He is briefly mentioned by Bede who states that around 397 he set up his base at Whithorn in the south-west of Scotland, building a stone church there, known as Candida Casa. More recently it has been suggested that Ninian was the 6th-century missionary Finnian of Moville, but either way Roman influence on early Christianity in Scotland does not seem to have been significant.
Although little more than a series of relatively brief interludes of military occupation, Imperial Rome was ruthless and brutal in pursuit of its ends. Genocide was a familiar part of its foreign policy and it is clear that the invasions and occupations cost thousands of lives. Alistair Moffat writes:
All the more surprising given that the Vindolanda tablets show that the Roman nickname for the north British locals was "Brittunculi" meaning "nasty little Britons".
Similarly, William Hanson concludes that:
The Romans' part in the clearances of the once extensive Caledonian forest remains a matter of debate. That these forests were once considerably more extensive than they are now is not in dispute, but the timing and causes of the reduction are. The 16th-century writer Hector Boece believed that the woods in Roman times stretched north from Stirling into Atholl and Lochaber and was inhabited by white bulls with "crisp and curland mane, like feirs lionis". Later historians such as P. F. Tytler and W. F. Skene followed suit as did the 20th-century naturalist Frank Fraser Darling. Modern techniques, including palynology and dendrochronology suggest a more complex picture. Changing post-glacial climates may have allowed for a maximum forest cover between 4000 and 3000 BC and deforestation of the Southern uplands, caused both climatically and anthropogenically, was well underway by the time the legions arrived. Extensive analyses of Black Loch in Fife suggest that arable land spread at the expense of forest from about 2000 BC until the 1st-century AD Roman advance. Thereafter, there was re-growth of birch, oak and hazel for a period of five centuries, suggesting the invasions had a very negative impact on the native population. The situation outwith the Roman-held areas is harder to assess, but the long-term influence of Rome may not have been substantial.
The archaeological legacy of Rome in Scotland is of interest, but sparse, especially in the north. Almost all the sites are essentially military in nature and include about of roads. Overall, it is hard to detect any direct connections between native architecture and settlement patterns and Roman influence. Elsewhere in Europe, new kingdoms and languages emerged from the remnants of the once-mighty Roman world. In Scotland, the Celtic Iron Age way of life, often troubled, but never extinguished by Rome, simply re-asserted itself. In the north the Picts continued to be the main power prior to the arrival and subsequent domination of the Scots of Dalriada. The Damnonii eventually formed the Kingdom of Strathclyde based at Dumbarton Rock. South of the Forth, the Welsh speaking Brythonic kingdoms of "Yr Hen Ogledd" (English: "The Old North") flourished during the 5th–7th centuries.
The most enduring Roman legacy may be that created by Hadrian's Wall. Its line approximates the border between modern Scotland and England and it created a distinction between the northern third and southern two-thirds of the island of Great Britain that plays a part in modern political debate. This is probably coincidental however, as there is little to suggest its influence played an important role in the early Medieval period after the fall of Rome.
In fiction.
The 9th Spanish Legion participated in the Roman invasion of Britain, suffering losses under Quintus Petillius Cerialis in the rebellion of Boudica of 61, and setting up a fortress in 71 that later became part of Eburacum. Although some authors have claimed that the 9th Legion disappeared in 117, there are extant records for it later than that year, and it was probably annihilated in the east of the Roman Empire. For a time it was believed, at least by some British historians, that the legion vanished during its conflicts in present-day Scotland. This idea was used in the novels "The Eagle of the Ninth" by Rosemary Sutcliff, "Legion From the Shadows" by Karl Edward Wagner, "Red Shift" by Alan Garner, "Engine City" by Ken MacLeod, "Warriors of Alavna" by N. M. Browne, and in the feature films "The Last Legion", "Centurion" and "The Eagle".
Recent discoveries.
In 1984, a candidate for a Roman fort was identified by aerial photography at Easter Galcantray, south west of Cawdor. The site was excavated between 1984 and 1988 and several features were identified which are supportive of this classification. Roman pottery similar to that found at Inchtuthill Roman fort has been discovered. If confirmed, it would be one of the most northerly known Roman forts in the British Isles.
The possibility that the legions reached further north in Scotland is suggested by discoveries in Easter Ross. The sites of temporary camps have been proposed at Portmahomack in 1949, although this has not been fully confirmed, In 1991 an investigation of Tarradale on the Black Isle near the Beauly Firth concluded that "the site appears to conform to the morphology of a roman camp or fort."

</doc>
<doc id="18691822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691822" title="Prosperous Indonesia Party">
Prosperous Indonesia Party

The Prosperous Indonesia Party () is a political party in Indonesia. It contested the 2009 elections, but won only 0.3 percent of the vote, less than the 2.5 percent electoral threshold, meaning it was awarded no seats in the People's Representative Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18691832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691832" title="Zhou Lüxin">
Zhou Lüxin

Zhou Lüxin (; born July 31, 1988 in Wuhu, Anhui) is a Chinese diver. He competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Major achievements.
He claimed the gold medal at the 2006 World Cup - 10m platform event. He also won the silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics - 10m platform event. Zhou was greatly favored to win the 10m event; however, on his 6th and final dive, a reverse 3½ somersaults, he kicked early and arched in on his entry. He received poor scores while Matthew Mitcham hit his final dive for a record breaking score, overtaking Zhou for the gold medal, while Zhou received the silver medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18691833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691833" title="Victor-Eugene McCarty">
Victor-Eugene McCarty

Victor-Eugene McCarty (also Macarty, McCarthy or Macarthy, born between 1817 and 1823), a Louisiana Creole, was one of the first of several prominent free black composers in New Orleans, best known for publishing "Fleurs de salon: 2 Favorite Polkas" in 1854. In the 1840s he was among the first black men to study music abroad, at the Paris Conservatory. 
McCarty did not publish as widely as many of his fellow Creole composers of the era, but he was well known for performing and organizing other musicians, and playing a role in Reconstruction-era politics.

</doc>
<doc id="18691839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691839" title="Carlo Duse">
Carlo Duse

Carlo Duse (5 January 1899 – 9 September 1956) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 82 films between 1916 and 1956.
He was born in Udine, Italy and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18691850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691850" title="Ben Calhoun">
Ben Calhoun

Ben Calhoun, (born Benjamin Chang Calhoun in 1979) is an American radio journalist and a producer for the public radio program This American Life. He is originally from Milwaukee, Wisconsin and now lives in Brooklyn, New York. Calhoun has taught at Loyola University Chicago and given lectures at Northwestern University. He is best known for his work on Chicago Public Radio, and has contributed to NPR's Radiolab, Morning Edition, All Things Considered, and Day to Day, as well as WNYC's The Takeaway.
Early life and education.
Born in Milwaukee, Calhoun earned a bachelor's degree in English in 2001 from Oberlin College in Oberlin, Ohio, where he was the station manager for WOBC-FM, the student-run and operated station on campus.
Professional career.
Calhoun began his journalism career when he joined Chicago Public Radio as an unpaid intern during the summer of 2000. He was later hired full-time, and was promoted from newsroom coordinator to deputy news director in 2003.
From 2004 until 2008, Calhoun helped direct election coverage for Chicago Public Radio. He routinely appeared on episodes of the Week in Review with Joel Weisman on WTTW-TV's Chicago Tonight program, where he provided commentary on current political news. Even though much of Calhoun's work appeared on Chicago Public Radio, where he focused on politics and government, it was featured by National Public Radio, the BBC Radio, the CBC Radio, Radio New Zealand, and other syndicated programs including The World (radio program).
In 2005, Calhoun was awarded a grant by the Illinois Humanities Council that allowed him to pursue his interests in documentary work. Additional support was provided by Chicago Public Radio, where he used the grant to direct, edit, and curate an exhibition of audio and photo documentary work entitled "The Daily Meaning: Life Inside America’s Service Industries" that went on display at the Peace Museum on September 2, 2005. In 2006, the documentary was nominated for the Helen and Martin Schwarz Prize by the Illinois Humanities Council. Calhoun served as the executive producer for a documentary entitled "A New Generation of Veterans" which was awarded second place for "Beat Radio Documentary or Series" by the Illinois Associated Press.
In February 2006, Calhoun was named WBEZ-FM/Chicago Public Radio's political reporter.
Calhoun resigned from Chicago Public Radio in February 2009 to move to New York.
Calhoun is currently working as a producer for the radio program "This American Life".
Personal.
Calhoun is married to New York Times journalist Catrin Einhorn. Calhoun is half-Chinese through his mother.

</doc>
<doc id="18691852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691852" title="Charles Smith Hamilton">
Charles Smith Hamilton

Charles Smith Hamilton (November 16, 1822 – April 17, 1891) was a career United States Army officer who fought with distinction during the Mexican-American War. He also served as a Union Army general during the early part of the American Civil War.
After the war Hamilton entered law enforcement and engaged in manufacturing.
Early life.
Hamilton was born in Westernville, New York. He attended the United States Military Academy and graduated in 1843, standing 26th out of 39 cadets. He was appointed a brevet second lieutenant in the 2nd U.S. Infantry. Hamilton was promoted to second lieutenant on November 17, 1845, in the 5th U.S. Infantry, and promoted to first lieutenant on June 30, 1847.
During the Mexican-American War, he received a brevet promotion to captain for the battles of Contreras and Churubusco and was wounded in the Battle of Molino del Rey.
He resigned from the U.S. Army on April 30, 1853, moved to Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, and became a farmer and miller.
Civil War.
Hamilton chose to follow the Union cause and was appointed colonel of the 3rd Wisconsin Infantry on May 11, 1861, and was promoted to brigadier general on May 17. He was then given brigade command in Maj. Gen. Nathaniel P. Banks' division of the Army of the Potomac. At the outset of the Peninsula Campaign, Hamilton was given command of the 3rd Division, III Corps. He led this division during the Siege of Yorktown, but drew the ire of George B. McClellan for insubordination. Ignoring the fact that shelving Hamilton would create powerful political enemies, McClellan relieved Hamilton on April 30, 1862 without explanation. When Lincoln pointed out the impropriety of McClellan's action, McClellan claimed "You cannot do anything better calculated to injure my army ... than to restore Gen. Hamilton to his division." Before the month-long siege preparations were complete, Hamilton was transferred to the Western Theater where he commanded the 3rd Division in the Army of the Mississippi at the battles of Iuka and Corinth. Following Corinth in October 1862, he was promoted to major general, effective from September 19, 1862.
During his brief military service in the conflict, Hamilton served in both the eastern and western theaters. He commanded divisions, "wings" and corps of the Army of the Potomac, the Army of the Mississippi, as well as in the Army of the Tennessee.
During the months of January and February 1863 Hamilton was in simultaneous command of the Dist. of West Tennessee, Dist. of Corinth, the Left Wing of the XVI Corps, and the XVI Corps. While in command at Corinth, he began intriguing for higher command against Generals Hurlbut and James B. McPherson, which drew Grant's ire. When Grant ordered him to Vicksburg to serve under General John Alexander McClernand, Hamilton offered his resignation from the U.S. Army on April 13, 1863. Grant gladly accepted the resignation, forwarding several pages of documentation to Washington to support his case.
Later years.
After his army service Hamilton became a U.S. marshal and a paper manufacturer. He died in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1891 and is buried there in Forest Home Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18691883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691883" title="Eli Bremer">
Eli Bremer

Eli Bremer (born May 31, 1978) is a modern pentathlete competed for the United States at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. He finished 22nd overall in the modern pentathlon event. 
He was born in Hancock, New Hampshire but grew up in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
Eli Bremer attended and graduated from the United States Air Force Academy; he is currently a Major in the Air Force Reserves. Additionally, he is the nephew of L. Paul Bremer.
He is married to Cami Grebel-Bremer. Eli was a Regional Finalist in the 2008 White House Fellows Program. He also worked as an NBC Olympic Color Commentator in 2004 and 2012. At the 2008 Olympics, Eli wrote a widely read feature blog for USA Today.
In 2011, Eli Bremer co-founded Socon Media with business partner Mike Lindley. 

</doc>
<doc id="18691884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691884" title="1827 in France">
1827 in France

"See also:" 
1826 in France, 
1828 in France.
Events from the year 1827 in France.

</doc>
<doc id="18691885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691885" title="Coffee production in Ecuador">
Coffee production in Ecuador

Although Ecuador is a small coffee producing country, it is one of only 15 countries in the world that grows and exports both Arabica and Robusta coffee, the two main species of coffee produced and consumed in the world. Different ecosystems in Ecuador permit different coffee cultures to occur all over the country, including in the Galápagos Islands.
History.
First years.
Historically, the Jipijapa Zone in the province of Manabí has been one of the most prominent places in which coffee has been cultivated in Ecuador. In 1860, coffee grains were introduced there. When Ecuador opened up to foreign trade and commerce, significant changes occurred throughout the country with new small plantations reaching a certain degree of development, allowing coffee export for the economic growth of the nation. This phenomenon occurred almost on par with cocoa production.
Growth.
In 1903, the cultivation of coffee fell, but two years later, it began to grow again, with Ecuador commencing export to several European countries from the port of Manta. In 1935, the exports rose to 220,000 "sacos", 552,000 in 1960, nearly doubling to 1,018,000 in 1975, and 1,810,000 in 1985. However, due to economic recession in the 1990s, coffee export reduced slightly. In 2001, it had grown to 1,062,000 produced annually, equivalent to 63,720 metric tonnes. Of that tonnage, 311,804 was exported as grain. In 2001, the area under coffee cultivation in Ecuador was believed to be about 262,060 hectares, and by 2012 official government and industry figures put the figures at about 200,000 hectares, of which 150,000 hectares were rated as being in production. Ecuador's total annual coffee production is today (2012) estimated at about 650,000 bags of 60 kilograms (the international standard used for measuring coffee production worldwide) of which between 60 and 70 percent is Arabica and the balance is made up by Robusta.
Provinces of cultivation.
The main provinces for coffee cultivation are as follows:
<br style="clear:both;">
Exports.
The culture, production, commercialization, industrialization, and export of the coffee is one of the most important sectors of the economy of Ecuador, which is why it is necessary for private and the public sectors to work in conjunction with each other, in order to promote development and to achieve an improvement in the socio-economic conditions in the trade. The Consejo Cafetalero Nacional is one of the institutions in Ecuador which promote the development of the industry. CORPEI, COFENAC, and ANCAFE (Asociación Nacional de Exportadores de Café) are amongst Ecuador's leading coffee companies.
Agriculturists dedicated to this activity, as well as the extension of exports, make important contributions to the Ecuadorian economy. , Ecuadorian coffee is exported to 29 countries worldwide, with Russia, Poland, Germany, Colombia, Italy, and the Netherlands accounting for over 80 percent of the total export volume.

</doc>
<doc id="18691895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691895" title="Polish Mountain Hillclimb">
Polish Mountain Hillclimb

The Polish Mountain Hillclimb is a racing event in Flintstone, Maryland and is sanctioned by the Steel Cities Region of the Sports Car Club of America and is operated under the SCCA regulations as a Level 4 Time Trial event. The event is part of the Pennsylvania Hillclimb association's 2013 Point's Series. The first night of the three day festivities starts with a car show. Then, the next two days are time trials. The inaugural event was held the weekend of August 3-5, 2007. The seventh annual event will be held August 2-4, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18691900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691900" title="Nygammal vals">
Nygammal vals

"Nygammal vals" ("New, yet familiar, waltz") was the Swedish entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1966 in Luxembourg, Luxembourg. It was sung in Swedish by Lill Lindfors and Svante Thuresson, composed by Bengt Arne Wallin and written by Björn Lindroth. In Luxembourg they were joined on stage by the American jazz musician Sahib Shihab on flute.
Performing 10th on the night, following Austria's Udo Jürgens singing "Merci Chérie" and preceding Spain's Raphael with "Yo soy aquél", it finished 2nd with 16 points in a field of 18, making it Sweden's best showing in the Contest until ABBA won with "Waterloo" in 1974.
It was succeeded as Swedish representative at the 1967 contest by Östen Warnerbring with "Som en dröm"

</doc>
<doc id="18691905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691905" title="Great Flood of 1968">
Great Flood of 1968

The Great Flood of 1968 was a flood caused by a pronounced trough of low pressure which brought exceptionally heavy rain and thunderstorms to South East England and France in mid-September 1968, with the worst on Sunday 15 September 1968, and followed earlier floods in South West England during July.
July Storm.
A Spanish plume weather pattern saw a low over the northwest of Spain track across the Bay of Biscay, hot and humid air advected to the eastern side of the low leading to severe storms. The wake of the storm left 7 fatalities in the United Kingdom.
Chew Stoke Flooding, July 1968.
The River Chew suffered a major flood in 1968 with serious damage to towns and villages along its route, including sweeping away the bridge at Pensford.
On 10 July 1968, torrential rainfall, with falling in 18 hours on Chew Stoke, double the area's average rainfall for the whole of July, led to widespread flooding in the Chew Valley, and water reached the first floor of many buildings. The damage in Chew Stoke was not as severe as in some of the surrounding villages, such as Pensford where it swept away the bridge over the A37 and damaged the railway viaduct so badly that it never reopened. It also flooded 88 properties in Chew Magna with many being inundated with of water. however, fears that the Chew Valley Lake dam would be breached caused considerable anxiety.
On the southern side of the Mendip Hills at Cheddar the flow of water swept large boulders down the gorge and damaged the cafe and entrance to Gough's Cave, washing away cars. In the cave itself the flooding lasted for three days.
Pforzheim Tornado.
Pforzheim, (West) Germany and its surrounding areas were hit by a rare tornado on 10 July 1968, shortly before 22:00. It had strength F4 on the Fujita scale. Two persons died and more than 200 were injured, and 1750 buildings were damaged. Across the town between Büchenbronn ward and the village of Wurmberg the storm caused severe damage to forest areas (i.e. most trees fell to the ground). During the first night and the following days the soldiers of the French 3rd Hussar Regiment and the US Army Unit, which were still stationed at the Buckenberg Barracks, helped clear the streets of many fallen trees (especially in the Buckenberg/Haidach area). It took about four weeks to carry out the most necessary repairs on buildings. The overhead electric contact wires for the electric trolleybuses then still operating in town and the streetcar transport system to the village of Ittersbach were never repaired; those transport systems were retired.
September Storm.
South East England Flooding, September 1968.
The areas worst hit were Crawley, East Grinstead, Horley, Lewisham, Petersfield, Hampshire, Redhill, Tilbury, Tunbridge Wells and Tonbridge.
On 15 September 1968 the 9:50 Charing Cross to Hastings was diverted along the Edenbridge line, but was surrounded by flood water at Edenbridge railway station. 150 passengers spent 12 hours stuck on the train.
France.
In the first seven hours of 15 September 1968 three inches of rain fell on Nice. In Toulon a cyclist was killed by an electricity cable that had fallen into the flooded road. The wine harvest was seriously damaged.

</doc>
<doc id="18691992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691992" title="Chen Ruolin">
Chen Ruolin

Chen Ruolin (; born 12 December 1992 in Nantong, Jiangsu) is a Chinese diver. She won the gold medals in the women's 10m platform and 10m synchronized platform at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing for Team China, then duplicated the double gold performance at the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
In 2011 World Aquatics Championships held in Shanghai, Chen won two gold medals for Women's 10 m platform and Women's 10 m synchro platform (partnering Wang Hao). She became the first Chinese female diver who claimed all the gold medals in women's platform events in Olympic Games, World Cup and World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18691993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18691993" title="Highway 25 Bridge">
Highway 25 Bridge

Highway 25 Bridge may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18692007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692007" title="Wang Xin (diver)">
Wang Xin (diver)

Wang Xin (); birth name Wang Ruoxue (), born in Wuhan, Hubei) is a Chinese athlete who competes in diving.
She initially trained at
Tsinghua University with controversial diving coach Yu Fen before moving to the national team in 2006.
She competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18692008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692008" title="Jurgensen">
Jurgensen

Jurgensen or Jürgensen is a surname of Danish origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18692011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692011" title="List of awards and nominations received by Big Love">
List of awards and nominations received by Big Love

This is the list of awards and nominations received by the television series "Big Love" (2006–2011).

</doc>
<doc id="18692012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692012" title="Nando Bruno">
Nando Bruno

Nando Bruno (6 October 1895 – 11 April 1963) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 84 films between 1938 and 1961.
He was born in Florence, Italy and died in Bracciano, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18692014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692014" title="Irish local elections, 2009">
Irish local elections, 2009

The 2009 Irish local elections were held in all the counties, cities and towns of Ireland on Friday, 5 June 2009, on the same day as the European Parliament election and two by-elections (Dublin South and Dublin Central).
Overview.
The election results were significant for a number of reasons:
Results.
The total number of the Irish electorate eligible to vote in election was 3,259,253. A total of 1,880,589 first preference votes were cast, representing a turnout of 57.7%.
The Progressive Democrats and Independent Fianna Fáil did not compete in the elections. As they competed in the previous elections, totals for vote and seat changes may not total zero. People Before Profit Alliance figures are compared to Socialist Workers Party figures from the previous local elections.
County and city councils.
Breakdown in each council
Following the June 2009 local elections Fine Gael is now the largest political party on 24 councils, the Labour Party on 4 councils, Fianna Fáil on 3 councils, Independents on 2 councils and Sinn Féin on 1 council.

</doc>
<doc id="18692018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692018" title="Zero flag">
Zero flag

The Zero Flag is a single bit flag that is a central feature on most conventional CPU architectures (including x86, ARM, PDP-11, 68000 and numerous others). It is often stored in a dedicated register, typically called status register or flag register, along with other flags. The zero flag is typically abbreviated Z or ZF or similar in most documentation and assembly languages.
Along with a carry flag, a sign flag and an overflow flag, the zero flag is used to check the result of an arithmetic operation, including bitwise logical instructions. It is set if an arithmetic result is zero, and reset otherwise. This includes results which are not stored, as most traditional instruction sets implement the compare instruction as a subtract where the result is discarded. It is also common that processors have a bitwise AND-instruction that does not store the result.
In most processors, the zero flag is mainly used in conditional branch instructions, which alter control flow on previous instruction results, but there are often other uses as well.
In some instruction sets such as the MIPS architecture, a dedicated flag register is not used; jump instructions instead check a register for zero.

</doc>
<doc id="18692086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692086" title="The Diary of Anne Frank (disambiguation)">
The Diary of Anne Frank (disambiguation)

The Diary of Anne Frank or its alternative title, "The Diary of a Young Girl", is the English translation of the Dutch book "Het Achterhuis".
The Diary of Anne Frank may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18692087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692087" title="The King Edward VI School, Morpeth">
The King Edward VI School, Morpeth

King Edward VI School, Morpeth is a voluntary controlled academy school located in Morpeth, Northumberland, England. It was established by a royal charter as Morpeth Grammar School and took its current name when the school turned comprehensive in the 1970s. It became an academy in December 2011.
History.
The refoundation of the school is frequently associated with William Turner (c. 1508–1568), nonconformist divine, known as the "Father of English Botany", who was a native of Morpeth, and is believed both to have attended the grammar school before going to Cambridge and later to have been its headmaster.
Morpeth Grammar School was involved in the lawsuit of longest duration in English legal history. The case, concerning the recovery of lands granted to the school by Edward VI and later leased to the Thornton family, began in 1710, was reopened in 1833, advanced in 1847, and determined in 1870, concerning the recovery of lands granted to the school by Edward VI later leased to the Thornton family.
The school lost its status as a grammar school in the educational reforms of the 1970s and became a comprehensive under its present name. A new school building was opened in 1967 to accommodate both the boys and girls grammar schools and were physically segregated until the new educational reforms took effect.
Present day.
King Edward VI School was awarded Beacon School status in 2003, and Leading Edge status, in 2004. The school officially gained academy status on 1 December 2011.
Management.
Current head teacher is Simon Taylor who took over from Jane Mann in 2006. Deputy heads are Mrs D Reeman and Mr M Simpson
Ofsted.
At the last Ofsted report, in 2008 the school was awarded outstanding, and particularly commended was its student voice department for the inclusion of students in extra curricular activities and decision making within the school.
Senior students.
At the forefront of the school's student council and representing the school's student body are its head boy, deputy head boy, head girl and deputy head girl. Its senior students are elected on an annual basis.
Results.
In 2009 Year 11 students achieved excellent GCSE results, the best in Northumberland. 87% of students achieved 5 or more passes at Grades A*-C, with 75% gaining 5 or more including English and Maths, which was the highest percentage in Northumberland. 97% achieved 5+ A*-G grades, and 100% gained 1+ A*-G grade. Over 250 students from Year 11 have now moved into the 6th Form at King Edwards.
In the same year, A Level students at the King Edward VI School produced excellent results. There was an increase in the percentage of A/B grades to 54%, an improvement of 4% over the previous year. The overall A-E pass rate increased to 99%. The average points score per student came out at 840, which was the highest of any school in Northumberland.
Awards.
The school is proud of its academic achievements, but the school has also had great success and commendation for its awards away from the curriculum.
Environment awards.
The school is currently seeking to gain 'eco-friendly schools status' and as part of this, it has much accreditation for its student-led environmental groups. In 2008, a gardening group was presented with the BT Seen and Heard award by Dame Ellen Macarthur at the Houses of Parliament. Later that year, the school was awarded the North East environmental school award at the Chronicle environment awards, and on 2 November Student Voice assistants from the school are travelling to London for the final of the WOW (Wipe out Waste) awards.
School arms.
The school arms are: Argent masoned gules, a tower triple-turreted within a bordure of the second charged with eight martlets of the first.

</doc>
<doc id="18692108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692108" title="Ribaritsa">
Ribaritsa

Ribaritsa (; also Ribarica, Ribaritza) is the name of two Bulgarian villages:

</doc>
<doc id="18692110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692110" title="Olivier-Charbonneau Bridge">
Olivier-Charbonneau Bridge

The Olivier Charbonneau Bridge is a toll bridge over the Rivière des Prairies, between Laval's Duvernay district and Montreal's Rivière-des-Prairies–Pointe-aux-Trembles borough. The long anticipated construction began in early 2008, despite a last-ditch attempt by Greenpeace to block the project, and the bridge was opened to traffic on May 21, 2011, at 12:30pm (EDT).
It is a cable-stayed bridge carrying 6 lanes of Quebec Autoroute 25. The bridge is part of a -long project for the completion of Highway 25, and allows cars, trucks and buses to avoid the Pie IX Bridge upstream. It also provides a route around the city of Montreal by connecting Louis Hippolyte Lafontaine Tunnel to Highway 440, thus allowing motorists to avoid the congested Metropolitan Expressway.
As of June 2011, 25,000 vehicles cross the bridge daily.

</doc>
<doc id="18692111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692111" title="Oophila">
Oophila

Oophila amblystomatis, commonly known as chlamydomonad algae or salamander algae, is a species of single-celled alga. The Latin specific name means "loves salamander eggs". It does not occur anywhere in nature other than in the eggs of the spotted salamander, "Ambystoma maculatum". The alga can invade and grow in the amphibian's egg capsule. Once inside, it metabolizes the carbon dioxide produced by the embryo and provides it with oxygen as a result of photosynthesis. This is an example of symbiosis.
This symbiosis between "Oophila" and the salamander may exist beyond the oocyte and early embryonic stage. Chlorophyll autofluorescence observation and ribosomal DNA analysis suggest that this algal species has invaded embryonic salamander tissues and cells during development and may be even transmitted to the next generation.

</doc>
<doc id="18692133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692133" title="5th Light Horse Brigade">
5th Light Horse Brigade

The 5th Light Horse Brigade was a mounted infantry brigade of the First Australian Imperial Force, formed in Palestine in July 1918 they served in the Middle Eastern theatre of World War I in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign, as part of the Australian Mounted Division. 

</doc>
<doc id="18692151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692151" title="Bloody Tales of Disgraced Lands">
Bloody Tales of Disgraced Lands

Bloody Tales of Disgraced Lands is a debut full-length concept album about the war of the Clan of Cross by the German Viking / pagan metal band Wolfchant. It was released on November 25, 2005 through CCP Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18692166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692166" title="Florida State Road 69">
Florida State Road 69

State Road 69 (SR 69) is a road running through Calhoun and Jackson counties in northwest Florida. The road is almost entirely two-lanes wide.
Route description.
State Road 69 begins at an unnamed connecting road between State Road 71 (North Main Street) and North Pear Street in Blountstown. After passing by the Blountstown Elementary School, a civic center and the intersection of Finlay Street, the route crosses a bridge over Simmons Creek and runs through Pine Island, where it intersects the southern terminus of CR 549 (John G. Bryant Road). North of there, it passes by the Nettle Ridge Cemetery and the church across from it, before crossing another bridge over a tributary of Simmons Creek where the route leaves Pine Island. The next moderate intersection is with CR 69A which branches off to the northwest and has its own intersection with CR 549 merely feet from the southern terminus. SR 69 curves to the northeast, passing over a low bridge over Stafford Creek and then some grass farms north of Parrish Lake Road. North of a bridge over Graves Creek, it enters Selman where it encounters the eastern terminus of CR 194. After the intersection of Jody Field Road the route turns straight north again, then approaches an intersection that serves as the twin termini of CRs 274 and 286. The road then curves towards the northwest as it passes beneath a power-line right-of-way, and then dips toward a low culvert over Flowers Creek. As it straightens out again it crosses the Calhoun-Jackson County Line.
The route continues to run primarily through forestland, although farmland exists north of the county line, then again north of Bone Yard Road, and again at a point where the road briefly curves to the northwest. Past the intersection with Raylene Road, the route turns more northerly again as it passes by a smaller parcel of private property lined with pine trees in the front yard. The first moderate intersection over the county line is another dual termini, this time of County Roads 278 & 69A, both of which are named Birchwood Road and apparently shared in a concurrency with County Road 280. From there it takes another curve to the northwest that's not as drastic as the previous one, only to turn back the northeast at the intersection of another dirt road. The road becomes a divided highway as it approaches Interstate 10 at Exit 152, and makes a slight curve back to the northwest, but even then remains two-lanes wide until north of the interchange where the approaches to the westbound off and on ramps transform it into a four lane highway, and even that segment ends north of Chips Drive before the divided section does. North of a dirt road leading to an antenna tower, it curves to the northeast, where it encounters a full intersection with a dirt road named Brushey Pond Road, then side roads such as Betty Road, an access road to a sewage treatment plant and Tobe Way. Somewhere north of a dirt road named Scarlet Road, SR 69 picks up the street name "Porter Avenue," and turns straight north. From there it encounters the northwestern terminus of County Road 69A (Shady Grove Road), which some maps show as being part of CR 280. Officially entering Grand Ridge SR 69's first intersection is with the Old Spanish Trail, which is also named Florida Street. Less than three and a half block later, it has a grade crossing with CSX's P&A Subdivision, Its time in Grand Ridge ends right after it passes the Town Hall across from the Grand Ridge Baptist Church. The road still remains two-lanes wide even as it approaches a blinker-light intersection with US 90, although it does contain separated turning ramps on the southeast and northwest corners of the intersection.
Beyond US 90 State Road 69 runs past some local and/or private dirt roads, as well as the local Grand Ridge Church of God. North of Shady Oak Lane, Porter Avenue becomes Porter Street, where it briefly runs through some forestland before approaching the temporary eastern terminus of County Road 164A (Reddoch Road), which has an unpaved and unmarked extension along Providence Church Road. Past that intersection, a power line right-of-way crosses the road and a substation on the northwest corner of that right of way marks the beginning of a series of power lines that follow the route. Farmland becomes much more prevalent north of this point. At a dirt road named Columbus Street, the name of State Road 69 changes from Porter Street to Spurlock Road, but after two other dirt roads State Road 69 curves northwest from Spurlock Road, which becomes a dirt road, and the route has no official name other than State Road 69. Around Dellwood the power lines that run along the road branch off to the right onto a former section of the road before the intersection of Bateau Pond Road, and then the route intersects Messer Road, just before the intersection of County Road 164 (Blue Springs Road/Sweet Pond Road), an unfinished county road that spans from southwestern Jackson County to Chattahoochee State Park in Alabama. North of the intersection of Northside Church Road, the power lines return to the street. After three more random intersections with dirt roads, the route enters the farming community of Two Egg just under where that previously mentioned power line branches off onto its own right-of-way, and after this the southern terminus of County Road 69A (Wintergreen Road) veers off to the right and State Road 69 adopts the name Fort Road. A block after this as the road turns more toward the west (although not entirely in that direction, Green Road mergers with SR 69. Between the parallel intersections with Joey and Peters Roads and Kimbell Road SR 69 finally runs straight west. Century Road is the next and last intersection along the road. Entering Greenwood, State Road 69 ends at State Road 71 but Fort Road becomes westbound County Road 162 as it heads for Jacob City, and Holmes County.
Related routes.
County Road 69.
County Road 69 is a county extension route of SR 69. It runs from CR 275 in Marysville, through New Hope, past the Calhoun Correctional Institution, and ends at the intersection of SR 71 and Barfield Road, southwest of Blountstown.
County Road 69A (Calhoun County).
County Road 69A is a county suffixed alternate route of SR 69. It is paved until it approaches the County Line Airstrip, where it then becomes a dirt road named Orlando Road before crossing the Calhoun-Jackson County Line.
County Road 69A (Jackson County).
County Road 69A is one of two county suffixed alternate routes of SR 69. The first one begins at SR 69 at the eastern terminus of CR 278, from which it acquires a concurrency with CR 280. The CR 69A/280 concurrency crosses a bridge over I-10 with no access and exists until the route reach Shady Grove, where CR 280 turns right, while CR 69A turns left. CR 69A winds toward the northwest until it returns to SR 69 south of Grand Ridge.
The second CR 69A begins at the State Road 69 as Wintergreen Road in Two Egg, then runs north until it turns east onto Lovedale Lane where it ends at County Road 164.
A third CR 69A which has no connection to SR 69 is described by Florida Department of Transportation maps as being Inwood Road, El Bethel Church Road, and Sandridge Church Road between McKeown Mill Road southeast of Grand Ridge and Welcome Church Road east of Dellwood. No other evidence of the route exists.

</doc>
<doc id="18692169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692169" title="2008 K2 disaster">
2008 K2 disaster

The 2008 K2 disaster occurred on 1 August 2008, when eleven mountaineers from international expeditions died on K2, the second-highest mountain on Earth.
Three others were seriously injured. It was the worst single accident in the history of K2 mountaineering.
Expedition goal: K2.
K2 is the second-highest mountain on Earth after Mount Everest. With a peak elevation of , K2 is part of the Karakoram range, not far from the Himalayas, and is located on the border between the Pakistani Gilgit-Baltistan region, and the People's Republic of China's Taxkorgan Tajik Autonomous County of Xinjiang Autonomous Region.
It is regarded by mountaineers as far more challenging than Everest, and is generally looked upon as one of the most dangerous mountains in the world.
The climbing season at K2 lasts from June to August, but in 2008 adverse weather prevented any groups from summiting during June and July. At the end of July, ten different groups were awaiting the possibility to reach the summit, some of them having waited for almost two months. The months preceding the summit push were used for acclimatization and preparing for the camps higher on the mountain, the highest of them, Camp IV, just a little short of 8000 m above sea level.
Events between the Camp IV and the summit.
With the end of July approaching, weather forecasts indicated improving weather, and several groups had arrived at Camp IV on 31 July in preparation to try the summit as soon as weather would permit.
Friday 1 August.
The Sherpas and Pakistani high-altitude porters (HAPs) started to prepare fixed lines upwards before midnight. They were joined by Spanish climber Alberto Zerain who had come up from camp III during the night and decided to continue his summit push rather than stay at camp IV. However, the most experienced HAP, Shaheen Baig (from the Serbian team), had to go back down with symptoms of high altitude sickness. His experience was missed and in the confusion, ropes may have been left behind or placed too far to the right side of the Bottleneck.
When the groups started upward at 3 a.m., the Sherpas and HAPs had prepared lines from the shoulder, where they were not needed, up into the Bottleneck (a steep couloir–a gully–leading to the summit slopes), and then had run out of rope for the traverse just above the bottleneck. This forced them to take rope from the lower portion of the route and use it to prepare the lines above the Bottleneck, causing an unplanned delay. At this point the American group decided to abort the attempt and return to the lower camp. It should be noted though, that traditionally, the Bottleneck and ensuing traverse were climbed without fixed ropes. It has been suggested that the climbers of the 2008 K2 summer season were perhaps depending too much on the fixed ropes.
At 8 a.m. people were advancing through the Bottleneck. Dren Mandić decided to attend to his oxygen system and so unclipped the rope to let other climbers pass. Mandić lost his balance and fell, bumping into Cecilie Skog. She was still clipped to the rope and was only knocked over. Mandić however, fell over 100 m down the bottleneck. Some climbers claimed that he was still moving after the fall. People in Camp IV saw the fall and sent a group to help recover his injured or dead body. Swede Fredrik Sträng stated he took command of the recovery operation.
When Sträng reached the body, Serbian climbers Predrag Zagorac and Iso Planic and their HAP Mohammed Hussein had already arrived. They had found no pulse and judging by the severity of his injuries, Mandić was pronounced dead. The Serbian climbers decided to lower the body down to camp IV and Sträng assisted them. They were joined by HAP Jehan Baig (from the French-led independent expedition). He had fulfilled his assisting duties and had been allowed to head down. Several people later indicated he may have been suffering from high altitude sickness, since he had displayed questionable behaviour in abseiling down the bottleneck. Sträng also noticed that he was incoherent, first offering to help in the rescue, later refusing to help, only to return moments later to assist them again. Jehan Baig lost his footing, bumping into Sträng who then urged him to let go of the rope attached to Mandić harness, before all four climbers would be dragged down. Baig finally let go of the rope, but to Sträng and the others' surprise, he did not try to stop his slide by using the self-arrest technique. Jehan Baig fell to his death. It is unclear why he did not try to stop his slide. Sträng decided to descend without the body of Mandić. The Serbian group wrapped the body of Mandić in a flag and fastened him to the mountain before aborting and starting to descend.
These delays, together with the traffic jam in the Bottleneck, resulted in most people reaching the summit much later than planned, some as late as 8 p.m. (the typical time for summiting being between 3 p.m. and 5 p.m.). All together, 18 people summited that day. On the descent, the Spaniard Alberto Zerain, who had topped out first and alone at 3 p.m., managed to pass through the Bottleneck without trouble. But at 8:30 p.m. when the Norwegian group — including Lars Flatø Nessa and Cecilie Skog who reached the summit two hours later than Zerain — had almost negotiated the traverse leading to the Bottleneck, a serac (a large block of ice) broke off from the ice field above. As it fell, it cut all the fixed lines and took with it Rolf Bae (Cecilie Skog's husband), who had abandoned the attempt only 100 m below the summit and was descending at the front of the group. Lars and Cecilie continued descending without the fixed lines and managed to reach Camp IV during the night.
As a result of the serac fall, the climb in the Bottleneck became steeper and more technical. Chunks of ice lay scattered around the route, and the mountaineers above were stranded in the so-called death zone above 8000 meters. Since the climbers were counting on the fixed lines, they were not carrying additional ropes and fall protection devices, forcing the climbers to "free climb" the descent through the notorious Bottleneck. There were still multiple climbers above the Bottleneck, and according to Dutch mountaineer Wilco van Rooijen, panic broke out among them. Some tried to descend in the darkness, while others decided to bivouac and wait until morning before descending.
Pemba Gyalje descended in the darkness without fixed ropes and reached the Camp IV before midnight. Sherpa Chhiring Dorje also free-climbed the Bottleneck with "little" Pasang Lama (who had been stranded without an ice axe) secured to his harness. "I can just about imagine how you might pull it off," writes Ed Viesturs in "K2: Life and Death on the World's Most Dangerous Mountain". "You kick each foot in solid, plant the axe, then tell the other guy to kick with his own feet and punch holds with his hands. Don't move until he's secure. Still, if Pasang had come off 'fallen', he probably would have taken Chhiring with him. Talk about selfless!"
Two members of the Korean expedition, Kim Jae-soo and Go Mi-Young, also managed to navigate the bottleneck in the dark, although the latter had to be helped by two Sherpas from the Korean B team, Chhiring Bhote and "Big" Pasang Bhote, who were supposed to summit the next morning. The men had climbed up around midnight with food and oxygen and found Go Mi-Young stranded somewhere in the Bottleneck, unsure of which route she had to take. They guided her down safely.
Meanwhile, Dutchman Cas van de Gevel and Frenchman Hugues D’Aubarede had also decided to manoeuvre the bottleneck in the dark. As he reached the bottom of the Bottleneck, Cas van de Gevel witnessed a climber falling to his death, a story corroborated by the two Sherpas Chhiring Bhote and "big" Pasang Bhote, who also had witnessed one or two objects falling from the mountain. This climber was likely Hugues D'Aubarede, whom van de Gevel had passed just above the Bottleneck in the dark on the way down. D'Aubarede had run out of bottled oxygen hours before, and when van de Gevel had passed him, he had looked tired and insisted van de Gevel descend before him.
Marco Confortola, Wilco van Rooijen and Gerard McDonnell bivouacked above the traverse, as they could not find the fixed ropes leading across the traverse. Confortola claimed that during the bivouac, he heard screams and saw headlights disappear below him after a roaring sound came from the serac field. At that point, 8 people were still above the Bottleneck, stranded in the death zone.
Saturday 2 August.
The rescue efforts started in the base camp as a group was sent upwards with ropes to help those still stuck in the Bottleneck. The group included Tsering Bhote and "big" Pasang Bhote, who had previously helped Go Mi-Young down the Bottleneck and now went to search for their relative Jumik Bhote. Jumik was left stranded with the remaining climbers of the Korean expedition somewhere above the Bottleneck.
Early in the morning above the traverse, van Rooijen gave up the search for the fixed ropes and descended alone. His vision was deteriorating and he feared he was going snow blind. He needed to get off the mountain fast. Marco Confortola and Gerard McDonnell did not follow him immediately. Later, van Rooijen reached the remaining Korean climbers (Confortola claims one of them was Kyeong-Hyo Park) and their guide Jumik Bhote. The men were tangled in several ropes and had clearly been hanging there, some upside down and bloodied, for quite a while. But they were all alive. It is unclear what exactly happened to them. It is believed the men were the victims of a second serac fall, an avalanche or perhaps a regular fall leaving them tangled in the ropes. Some sources mention only two Koreans and Jumik Bhote, whilst other reports indicate three remaining Koreans (one near death). It could be that this was the event Confortola had witnessed during the bivouac the previous night. It could also be that this was the second object Tsering Bhote and "big" Pasang Bhote saw falling off the mountain. There is however, little evidence to support both claims. Wilco van Rooijen handed Jumik Bhote his spare pair of gloves, but was unable to help them any more. He claims Jumik Bhote informed him a rescue mission was under way from camp IV. Van Rooijen decided to descend farther.
Marco Confortola and Gerard McDonell reached the three men somewhere in the morning. They worked for several hours trying to free them. It is unclear what happened next. Confortola claims McDonell, after working with Confortola for at least 1.5 hours, suddenly climbed back up the mountain, leaving him with the three stranded men. Confortola assumed McDonell had succumbed to high altitude sickness and was growing delusional, believing he had to climb back up. Left alone, Confortola did all he could for Jumik Bhote, giving him his own equipment. They had managed to get the Koreans back into at least a comfortable position. Confortola says he was able to radio with Tsering Bhote and "big" Pasang Bhote who were on their way up to rescue the men. Confortola had spent at least three hours with the entangled men and was exhausted. He continued down.
Several people dispute Confortola's version of the events. Wilco van Rooijen, who had seen Confortola and McDonell helping the stranded Koreans and their guide from below, believes McDonell did not climb back up the mountain, but rather climbed up to the highest anchor supporting the three stranded men to try to transfer the load. He then may have returned to the three men and spent another several hours alone helping free the men from the ropes. In his book "Surviving K2", van Rooijen provides some photographic evidence for these claims.
Confortola has claimed that some time after he left the three men, an avalanche struck just feet away from him. In the rubble of this avalanche, he spotted the remains of one climber. After investigating them, he suggests these were the remains of McDonnell.
Just after noon, Tsering Bhote and "big" Pasang Bhote had reached the bottom of the Bottleneck. There they found Marco Confortola crawling on his hands and feet. The two Sherpas radioed Pemba Gyalje and Cas van de Gevel to come up for Confortola so that they could continue the search for their relative Jumik Bhote and the Koreans.
"Big" Pasang Bhote later radioed Pemba Gyalje with more news. He had met Jumik Bhote and two members of the Korean expedition just above the bottleneck. Apparently they were freed after all. He also radioed in bad news. A fourth climber, climbing behind the two Koreans and the two Sherpas on the lower parts of the traverse, had been swept away by a serac fall and was dead. The description of the climber matched Gerard McDonnell's red-and-black down suit. This would suggest Confortola was mistaken in identifying the remains in the avalanche as McDonnell's and supports the theory that McDonnell freed the two Koreans and Jumik Bhote before perishing in a different serac fall. Tsering Bhote, from his position at the base of the Bottleneck, has also claimed to have seen a serac fall strike the rescue party as they were descending near the top of the bottleneck.
Here, another mystery of the 2008 K2 disaster reveals itself. There was one other climber still unaccounted for: Hugues D’Aubarede's Pakistani HAP Meherban Karim. He was last seen returning from the summit with D’Aubarede in the later hours of 1 August. He and D’Aubarede must have gotten separated in the dark, as Cas van de Gevel encountered only D’Aubarede above the Bottleneck. Wilco van Rooijen, in his book "Surviving K2", supports the theory that Meherban Karim bivouacked even higher on the mountain than van Rooijen, Confortola and McDonell. Again he provides photographic evidence: What looks like a climber can be seen above the serac field on the morning of 2 August. In a later photo, the figure looks to have disappeared with a trail leading down the seracs. Wilco van Rooijen and others, such as McDonnell's partner Annie Starkey, believe this figure to be Karim. Disoriented from spending the night at such high altitudes without an oxygen mask, he must have gotten lost and stumbled onto the serac field, where he fell or got swept away by an avalanche or part of the serac breaking. He might have actually caused one of the serac falls. Hence, it apparently was Karim's remains Confortola had found earlier in the avalanche rubble.
Graham Bowley, in his book "No Way Down", is unable to refute the evidence presented by van Rooijen, but still finds the photos to be inconclusive at best. He is joined in his analysis by writer Michael Kodas. Both men edge towards the testimony of the only living eyewitness: Marco Confortola. In the photos taken by Pemba Gyalje, individual climbers can not be made out. In fact, some of the figures assumed to be climbers could very well be rock. Marks that look like trails are everywhere on the mountain.
Another possible explanation to the mystery is an error in "big" Pasang Bhote's observations about the colour of the down suit, meaning the last climber could have been Meherban Karim, who was wearing a pure red down suit. If so, Confortola had indeed identified McDonell's remains in the avalanche earlier. This is of course speculation.
Minutes after "big" Pasang Bhote had radioed in the news that he had found his relative Jumik Bhote and two Koreans, another avalanche or serac fall struck. It swept away the four men. Tsering Bhote, who had climbed more slowly than fellow rescuer "big" Pasang Bhote, had not yet reached the top of the Bottleneck. He miraculously survived the avalanche, as did Pemba Gyalje and Marco Confortola at the bottom of the Bottleneck. The death toll had now risen to eleven.
Meanwhile, van Rooijen was making his way down the mountain alone. He had climbed down a new route to the left of the Cesan route, bypassing Camp IV. Van de Gevel and Sherpa Gyalje descended from Camp IV to Camp III after they had heard van Rooijen was still somewhere on the mountain. Van Rooijen had managed several satellite phone calls that may have helped pinpoint his location. He would have to spend a second bivouac out on the mountain.
Sunday 3 August.
Van de Gevel and sherpa Gyalje made contact with van Rooijen on the Cesan route early in the morning; the three managed to get down to the base camp at 10 p.m.
Monday 4 August.
Van de Gevel and van Rooijen were evacuated from base camp by helicopter to Skardu. Confortola reached Camp II, the advanced base camp. Pakistani authorities released a list of names of those killed and injured.
Wednesday 6 August.
Confortola was evacuated from Camp II to Skardu by helicopter.
After K2.
Gerard McDonnell's family established a charity to sponsor the children of four high-altitude porters who died on K2.
Wilco Van Rooijen authored a book in Dutch and English entitled "Surviving K2." 
Marco Confortola authored a book in Italian entitled "Days of Ice." [http://news.marcoconfortola.it/?p=250]
Chhiring Dorje Sherpa and Pasang Lama's intersecting lives were profiled in "Buried in the Sky". [http://www.buriedinthesky.com]. The book won the National Outdoor Book Award (history/biography), the 2012 NCTE George Orwell award, the Banff Mountain Book Festival's Mountaineering History Award. Chhiring Dorje Sherpa was honoured for his heroism with the Tenzing Norgay Award at the Explorers Club Annual Banquet in March 2013.
Rescue operation.
The Pakistani military started a rescue operation early on 4 August 2008, using two helicopters. They rescued two injured and frostbitten Dutch climbers from the base camp, located approximately 5,000 metres (16,400 ft) above sea level. Four climbers, including an Italian, were making their own way down the mountain. The four were flown to Skardu for treatment. Van Rooijen was found using GPS coordinates sent out by his Thuraya satellite phone when he used it to call his brother.
List of fatalities.
One of the three Korean casualties either perished during the incident that caused their original fall and tangling in the ropes, or the morning after before the others were freed. Some sources claim there were three Koreans tangled in the ropes whilst McDonnell and Confortola were trying to rescue them. Others have the number at two Koreans and Jumik Bhote. What is certain, is that only two Koreans were alive to encounter Pasang Bhote before the last serac fall.
Climbing on K2 since the disaster.
The summit of K2 was not reached again until 23 August 2011, when Gerlinde Kaltenbrunner (Austria, 14th eight-thousander), Maxut Zhumayev and Vassiliy Pivtsov (Kazakhstan, both 14th eight-thousander) and Darek Zaluski (Poland) topped out K2 via the North Pillar. There were no summits in 2009 and 2010, during which season renowned skier Fredrik Ericsson fell to his death in the bottleneck. According to AdventureStats, the last 17 fatalities on K2 have all occurred in, around or above the bottleneck, once again proving the deadly nature of K2's upper slopes.
References.
Book: "Surviving K2" by Wilco van Rooijen (one of the survivors). Publisher: National Geographic. See: www.survivingk2.com

</doc>
<doc id="18692202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692202" title="Bradyphrenia">
Bradyphrenia

Bradyphrenia is a neurological term referring to the slowness of thought common to many disorders of the brain.
Diseases.
Disorders characterized by bradyphrenia include Parkinson's disease and forms of schizophrenia. Bradyphrenia can also be a side effect of psychiatric medications. 
Characteristics.
Patients with bradyphrenia may describe or may manifest slowed thought processes, evidenced by increased latency of response.

</doc>
<doc id="18692211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692211" title="Khmer Front Party">
Khmer Front Party

The leader called Sisowath Thomico had instead of creating a political party chose to create on Friday 28 July 2006 what was called the "Sampoan Sangkum Cheat Niyum (Alliance of the national community)." This was because when gathering some of the parties like the Khmer Unity Party and Angkor Emipre Party etc. Thomico said ""We decided not to form the party yet since the alliance is not yet complete" which meant the Thomico was giving more time to other political parties to join the alliance and postpone the changing of the alliance into a new political party with a new name. However later on it was finally changed into a political party called Sangkum Jatiniyum Front Party that is recognized in October by the Interior Ministry of Cambodia.
This political party was created in the year 2003 July. It generally seems to be in its orientation "liberty" and "Ultranationalist" e.g. by choosing to "defend the Khmer people" since it believes in defend "Khmer interests as a whole" and believes in a "democratic state of Cambodia”. 
The Khmer Front Party also criticized the Cambodian government for getting government agents to follow the KFP’s general secretary Mao Sam Oeun and KFP officials when the KFP said it was going to protest on a Saturday weekend that happened sometime during 2005 against the price of consumer goods and gas rising. 

</doc>
<doc id="18692218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692218" title="USS Pinon (AN-66)">
USS Pinon (AN-66)

USS "Pinon" (AN-66/YN-87) was a which was assigned to protect U.S. Navy ships and harbors during World War II with her anti-submarine nets.
Constructed in Wilmington, Delaware.
"Pinon" (AN-66), a net tender, was laid down 9 March 1943 by American Car and Foundry Company, Wilmington, Delaware, as "YN–87"; launched 16 January 1944; designated "Pinon" (AN-66) 20 January 1944; and commissioned 31 March 1944.
World War II service.
After Atlantic coast shakedown and training, "Pinon" stood out of New York Harbor 24 June 1944 and steamed for Belfast, Northern Ireland, arriving 10 July. "Pinon" provided net-tending service in both Belfast and Plymouth, England, through the fall.
Departing Plymouth 6 November, she put in at Norfolk, Virginia 21 November through 10 December. She then underwent availability at Curtis Bay, Baltimore, Maryland, 11 December through 25 January 1945.
"Pinon" called at Hampton Roads, Virginia, 31 January and then cruised via Guantanamo Bay and the Panama Canal, reporting for duty to Commander, Pacific 13 February. After availability at San Diego, California, 19 March, she called at Pearl Harbor and thence tended nets at Eniwetok commencing 22 April, at Guam (27 April through 20 June), at Tinian/Saipan through the first week of July, and at Okinawa until 15 October.
Post-war inactivation.
Calling at Pearl Harbor 12 December, she pushed on to San Diego, California, arriving two days before Christmas. "Pinon" decommissioned at San Diego 5 March 1946, and was struck from the Navy List 20 March 1946. Sold and placed in merchant service as "Alaska Reefer", she was lost at sea 28 August 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="18692222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692222" title="Pres and Teddy">
Pres and Teddy

Pres and Teddy is a 1956 jazz album by The Lester Young and Teddy Wilson Quartet. Originally released by Verve, it has subsequently been reissued on CD by Verve, Universal Japan and Lonehill Jazz.
Recording a January, 1956 reunion session between Young and Wilson, the album includes six standard swing jazz songs with one original composition, "Pres Returns." In spite of Young's failing health, the album is critically acclaimed as among the best of his later works as well as being among the best albums produced by Verve Record's founder Norman Granz.
Background.
"Pres and Teddy" is one of several late 1950s reunions between Lester Young, a tenor saxophonist characterized by jazz commentator Scott Yanow as "one of the giants of Jazz history", and Teddy Wilson, "the definitive swing pianist". Recorded on January 13, 1956, the quartet also featured Jo Jones, an innovative and influential jazz drummer, and bassist Gene Ramey. The group had also played together the previous day along with Roy Eldridge, Vic Dickenson and Freddie Green, recording the similarly acclaimed "The Jazz Giants '56".
Wilson was in 1956 steadily producing both solo and group albums, having only recently stopped teaching music at Juilliard. Young, although also working steadily, was suffering a rapid deterioration of his health. Though Young had established a strong early presence in jazz prior to being drafted into World War II in 1945, his experiences during the war left him an alcoholic so unapproachable that he invented his own language to better control who would be permitted to communicate with him. But while Young's playing throughout the 50s was often hampered by his excessive drinking,
Critical reception.
In 1994, "The New York Times" listed the album as among 10 of the "high points" of music produced by Norman Granz, who founded the Verve label, describing it as "a magnificent set of standards". While Yanow recommends the comprehensive box set "The Complete Lester Young Studio Sessions on Verve" for all of Young's later work, he recommends this album along with "The Jazz Giants '56" and "Lester Young with the Oscar Peterson Trio" for more casual listeners seeking Young's best later work.
In his profile of the album for Allmusic, Yanow notes that, "hen he was healthy, Young played at his very best during the '50s, adding an emotional intensity to his sound that had not been present during the more carefree days of the '30s," concluding that on "Pres and Teddy" Young was in "particularly expressive form".

</doc>
<doc id="18692241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692241" title="USS Passumpsic (AO-107)">
USS Passumpsic (AO-107)

USS "Passumpsic" (AO-107), the only United States Navy ship to bear the name, was an "Ashtabula" class fleet replenishment oiler that served in the U.S. Navy from 1946 to 1973, then transferred to the Military Sealift Command to continue service as United States Naval Ship USNS "Passumpsic" (T-AO-107). She was the only U.S. Navy ship to bear the name "Passumpsic", after the Passumpsic River in Vermont.
Construction and commissioning.
USS "Passumpsic" (AO-107) was laid down on 8 March 1945 as Maritime Commission Hull 2703 by Sun Shipbuilding and Drydock Company, Chester, Pennsylvania. She was launched on 31 October 1945, sponsored by Mrs. M. F. Draemel, wife of Rear Admiral Milo F. Draemel, then Commandant of the 4th Naval District, and commissioned on 1 April 1946, Captain C.M. Ryan in command. Because of beginning as a "Maritime" Hull, Passumpsic has the distinction of being one of only six naval ships to have her Frame numbers running from Aft - Forward, instead of Forward to Aft. 
Service career, 1946–64.
After a shakedown in the Caribbean Sea, "Passumpsic" operated out of Long Beach, California, under the control of Commander, Service Force Pacific, servicing U.S. Pacific Fleet units while attached to Service Squadron 1 and Service Squadron 3. She visited Japan, Taiwan, Korea, Southeast Asia, Hong Kong, North Borneo, the Fiji Islands, Australia, Arabia, Ceylon, the Philippines, Midway Atoll, Oahu, the Marshall Islands, and the Mariana Islands.
From June 1950 through February 1954, "Passumpsic" spent 34 of 44 months outside of the United States. Though not subjected to hostile fire during the Korean War, "Passumpsic" received nine battlestars for her Korean War service.
"Passumpsic’s" assignments after the Korean War entailed annual deployments to the Western Pacific.
"Jumboization".
Upon return from deployment in April 1964, "Passumpsic" underwent an INSURV Board inspection at Long Beach Naval Shipyard in preparation for "Jumboization," a project of modernization and renovation for "Mispillion"-class fleet oilers. She steamed on 12 October 1964 for the American Shipbuilding Company yard at Lorain, Ohio, where the conversion was to take place. At Boston Naval Shipyard a Supply Overhaul Assistance Program (SOAP) was set up to sort, identify, and repackage the ship’s stock of repair parts and to receive, sort, and stow the repair parts supplied by the contractor and the U.S. Navy in conjunction with the conversion programs. After passage through the Panama Canal and St. Lawrence Seaway, "Passumpsic" was placed "in commission, in reserve" on 26 November 1964 and most of her crew detached, leaving a nucleus party of four officers and 28 enlisted men under the command of Lcdr. James. K. Beates. The ship was then turned over to the American Shipbuilding Company.
The conversion involved transferring her existing midships superstructure to a newly constructed tank section. The original hull was cut and the bow bow and stern sections were added to the new tank section. Conversion modifidations increased "Passumpsic"s length by , her light displacement from 7,423 tons to 12,840 tons, her full-load displacement from 25,500 to 34,350 tons, and her maximum draft from 32 feet (9.75 m) to 36 feet (11 m).
"Passumpsic" departed Lorain on 22 November 1965 with a merchant marine master and civilian crew. She arrived at the Boston Army Base piers, South Boston, Massachusetts, on 1 December 1965.
Accepted by the U.S. Navy at Boston, on 10 January 1966, "Passumpsic" fitted out at Boston Naval Shipyard throughout February and into March, departing 5 March 1966 for Norfolk, Virginia, to load oil and for degaussing inspection.
"Passumpsic" departed Norfolk on 11 March 1966 for her home port of Long Beach, California, arriving there on 6 April 1966. Final U.S. Navy acceptance came on 24 August 1966, and she was designated a ready unit under Commander Task Group 13.1 (CTG 13.1) on 1 September 1966.
1966–73.
"Passumpsic" departed Long Beach on 22 September 1966 and arrived at Subic Bay in the Philippine Islands on 15 October 1966. From Subic Bay the oiler steamed on replenishment operations off the coasts of North Vietnam and South Vietnam. She continued to service U.S. Navy units in the Western Pacific until May 1967, when she returned to her home port.
"Passumpsic" departed Long Beach in November 1967 for the Western Pacific and again operated from Subic Bay to serve ships operating in the Vietnam War combat zone and making port visits between underway replenishment assignments. She returned to Long Beach in June 1968.
In November 1968 "Passumpsic" again deployed to the Western Pacific to operate out of Subic Bay in support of ships operating off of Vietnam. She returned to Long Beach 27 June 1969 for yard availability, local training operations, and preparations for her next Western Pacific deployment.
"Passumpsic" remained in commissioned service with the U.S. Navy until 1973, although her activities between mid-1969 and 1973 are not readily available and await further research.
On 24 July 1973, "Passumpsic" was decommissioned. She transferred to the Military Sealift Command on the same day, becoming United States Naval Ship USNS "Passumpsic" (T-AO-107). Under this new designation, she continued in service in support of the U.S. Navy with a civilian crew from 1975 until 1991.
Later career and disposition.
"Passumpsic" began active service with the Military Sealift Command in 1975. One of her first tasks was a three month deployment from Subic Bay as part of the 1975-1976 Indian Ocean task group. The task group consisted of the USS Fox (CG-33), USS Gray (FF-1054) and USS Hepburn (FF-1055). The task group was replenished in the Arabian Sea by USS White Plains. At the end of her career, she supported ships operating in Operation Desert Storm in Iraq in 1991.
"Passumpsic" was in Subic Bay at Luzon in the Philippine Islands when Mount Pinatubo erupted in 1991, suffering extensive damage to her Underway Replenishment (UNREP) gear caused by a mixture of volcanic ash and rain water from a passing typhoon.
"Passumpsic" was stricken from the Navy List in December 1991; sources differ on whether the date was 17 December 1991 or 18 December 1991 She was sold to a Singaporean firm for scrapping on 19 December 1991. She was resold to an Indian firm on 1 July 1992 for scrapping in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18692252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692252" title="Pycnidium">
Pycnidium

A pycnidium (plural pycnidia) is an asexual fruiting body produced by mitosporic fungi in the form order Sphaeropsidales (Deuteromycota, Coelomycetes). It is often spherical or inversely pearshaped (obpyriform) and its internal cavity is lined with conidiophores. When ripe, an opening generally appears at the top, through which the pycnidiospores escape.

</doc>
<doc id="18692253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692253" title="Lydia Oulmou">
Lydia Oulmou

Lydia Oulmou (born February 2, 1986 in Béjaïa) is an Algerian international volleyball player, playing as middle blocker. She plays for the national team.
She was in the Algerian squad that went to the 2008 Summer Olympics.
She captained the Algerian team at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18692261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692261" title="German State Railway Wagon Association">
German State Railway Wagon Association

The German State Railway Wagon Association ("Deutscher Staatsbahnwagenverband (DSV)") was an association of the German state railways "Länderbahnen" founded in 1909. The purpose of the association was to guarantee the unrestricted exchange of goods wagons between the member railway administrations. The German State Railway Wagon Association could, unlike the "Prussian State Railway Wagon Association", stipulate standard wagon designs for the whole of Germany. It developed a total of eleven different wagon types, the so-called "Verbandsbauart" (literally: association class) or "DSV" wagons. In addition to entire goods wagons, types of bogie were also specified.

</doc>
<doc id="18692264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692264" title="Indonesian Democratic Party of Devotion">
Indonesian Democratic Party of Devotion

The Indonesian Democratic Party of Devotion () is a political party in Indonesia. It was one of two Christian parties contesting the 2009 elections.
The party was originally established in 1998 as the Catholic Democratic Party. In the 1999 legislative election, the party won one seat in the legislature. For the 2004 election, it had to change its name in order to meet the requirements to contest the vote, but the party eventually failed the verification process. It then joined together with other parties and changed its name to the Indonesian Democratic Party of Devotion. The party targeted the 14-15 million voters in Christian regions of Indonesia in the 2009 legislative election, hoping to gain 30 percent of the votes in those areas. However, the party won only 0.3 percent of the national vote, less than the 2.5 percent electoral threshold, meaning it was awarded no seats in the People's Representative Council.
Regional strength.
In the legislative election held on 9 April 2009, support for the PKDI was higher than the party's national average in the following provinces:
North Sumatra 0.7%
Riau Islands 0.5%
Jakarta 0.4%
Yogyakarta 0.4%
West Kalimantan 0.5%
Central Kalimantan 0.4%
East Kalimantan 0.5%
East Nusa Tenggara 3.1%
West Sulawesi 0.5%
North Sulawesi 0.5%
Central Sulawesi 0.8%
South Sulawesi 0.5%
Maluku 0.5%
North Maluku 0.4%
West Papua 1.0%
Papua 0.9%

</doc>
<doc id="18692271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692271" title="Cortese (surname)">
Cortese (surname)

Cortese is a surname of Italian origin. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18692280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692280" title="Fatma-Zohra Oukazi">
Fatma-Zohra Oukazi

Fatma-Zohra Oukazi (born January 18, 1984 in Chlef) is an Algerian international volleyball player and Algeria women's national volleyball team captain (2010-2012), playing as setter. At club level she made her debut for GS Chlef, based in her home city of Chlef. She now plays for Algiers' based GS Petroliers.
Club information.
Current club : 2007-current GSP (ex MCA)
Debut club : 1998-2007 Ghalia Sportif de Chlef GSC
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18692284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692284" title="Commercial Court">
Commercial Court

Commercial Court may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18692293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692293" title="Philosophers' Imprint">
Philosophers' Imprint

"Philosophers' Imprint" is a refereed philosophy journal, edited by Stephen Darwall and J. David Velleman. The journal is advised by an international board of editors and published on the Internet by the University of Michigan Digital Library. Unlike many other philosophy journals, the "Imprint" offers access to its published articles for free to anyone on the World Wide Web—no subscription or registration whatsoever is required. While articles are not published during regular intervals, readers can be notified of new publications by mailing list. 
The mission.
The idea behind "Philosophers' Imprint" was inspired by the Open Access movement. The goal is to start the foundation for a "future in which academic libraries no longer spend millions of dollars purchasing, binding, housing, and repairing printed journals, because they have assumed the role of publishers, cooperatively disseminating the results of academic research for free, via the Internet."
Notable articles.
The following is a partial list of some of the most notable articles in the "Imprint" (in date order):

</doc>
<doc id="18692294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692294" title="Mohamed Nabil Bellat">
Mohamed Nabil Bellat

Mohamed Nabil Bellat (born January 29, 1982 in Hussein Dey, Algiers Province) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a midfielder for USM El Harrach in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.

</doc>
<doc id="18692299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692299" title="Sehryne Hanaoui">
Sehryne Hanaoui

Sérine Hanaoui (; born January 10, 1988 in Bouïra) is an Algerian international volleyball player.Her mother is a former volleyball player who played for the Algerian national team in the 1970s.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18692300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692300" title="The Valley-Westside War">
The Valley-Westside War

The Valley-Westside War is a 2008 young adult, alternate history novel by Harry Turtledove. It is the latest in the Crosstime Traffic series.
Background.
In "The Valley-Westside War", a global nuclear war broke out in 1967, leading to the collapse of civilization. The book is set in what was once Los Angeles, 130 years after the war. The area of the city is controlled by two rival feudal states at war with one another: the Kingdom of Westside and the Kingdom of the Valley. The Crosstime Traffic team is dispatched to investigate the remains of the UCLA library in an attempt to discover what happened to cause the initial nuclear war, but are caught up in the local war by citizens of both kingdoms who believe that they are trying to access the knowledge of the old people to create advanced weapons.
Plot summary.
The Mendoza family, funded by a Crosstime Traffic grant and disguised as traders, return to postwar Earth to learn who initiated the hostilities. Liz Mendoza frequently visits the UCLA library to analyze the period books and magazines, searching for insight and reasons for the conflict. It is on her regular trips to the library that she meets Dan, a Valley soldier whom she initially considers dull and dumb. Dan, however, is not as unschooled and ignorant as Liz thinks, and, although he is attracted to her, he has his misgivings about the Mendozas. His suspicions are confirmed, and he blows their cover and causes them to return to their own time alternate, but not before he asks why someone from a different time, who has the knowledge and expertise to help Earth recover from its postwar havoc, does nothing.
Reception.
The School Library Journal gave the novel a good review saying fans of dystopias would enjoy the story. SF Scope said the novel was "an interesting exploration of what a post-apocalyptic world might be" but found the characters, except for Liz and Dan, to be little more than ciphers. The "Los Angeles Times" did not give a positive review describing the book as sloppy and saying it failed to live up to other dystopias based on alternate histories like "The Man in the High Castle", "The Difference Engine" or "The Plot Against America".

</doc>
<doc id="18692302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692302" title="Ribaritsa, Lovech Province">
Ribaritsa, Lovech Province

Ribaritsa (, also transliterated "Ribarica", "Ribaritza") is a village in Teteven Municipality, Lovech Province. It lies at the foot of the Teteven Balkan Mountains, on the banks of the Beli Vit River, 12 kilometres from Teteven, 74 kilometres southwest of Lovech and 138 kilometres northeast of Sofia. Due to its mountainous location 701 metres above sea level, it is a popular mountain resort. , it has a population of 1,188 and the mayor is Nikola Nikolov.
The noted Bulgarian revolutionary Georgi Benkovski, a leader of the April Uprising, was killed by the Ottomans in the Kostina area near Ribaritsa in 1876. It was also the place where the famous general and mayor of Sofia Vladimir Vazov (brother of national writer Ivan Vazov) spent the last years of his life; he died there on 20 May 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="18692311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692311" title="Diving at the Asian Games">
Diving at the Asian Games

Diving is a part of the Asian Games since the first edition of the continental sports event in 1951, when New Delhi hosted the Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18692320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692320" title="Nawal Mansouri">
Nawal Mansouri

Nawel Mansouri (born August 1, 1985 in Béjaïa) is an Algerian international volleyball player at the libero position. She has been part of Algeria's Olympic volleyball team twice, in 2008 and 2012.
Club information.
Current club : MB Béjaïa
Current club : GSP (ex MCA)
Debut club : NC Béjaïa

</doc>
<doc id="18692327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692327" title="Farid Bellabès">
Farid Bellabès

Farid Bellabès (born October 20, 1985 in Oran) is an Algerian footballer. He currently plays as a defender for MC Oran in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.

</doc>
<doc id="18692328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692328" title="Acervulus">
Acervulus

An acervulus (pl. acervuli) is a small asexual fruiting body that erupts through the epidermis of host plants parasitised by mitosporic fungi of the form order Melanconiales (Deuteromycota, Coelomycetes). It has the form of a small cushion at the bottom of which short crowded conidiophores are formed. The spores escape through an opening at the top.

</doc>
<doc id="18692330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692330" title="Nassima Ben Hamouda">
Nassima Ben Hamouda

Nassima Ben Hamouda (born October 20, 1973 in Villeurbanne, France) is a retired Algerian international volleyball player.
Club information.
Last club : MC Alger (Algeria)
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18692341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692341" title="Current state of polygamy in the Latter Day Saint movement">
Current state of polygamy in the Latter Day Saint movement

According to the consensus of historians, the founder of the Latter Day Saint movement, Joseph Smith, Jr., privately taught and practiced polygamy. After Smith's death in 1844, the church he established splintered into several competing groups. Disagreements over Smith's doctrine of "plural marriage" was one of the primary reasons the church divided.
The members of the largest group that resulted, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), continued to teach and practice polygamy throughout the 19th century. In the late 19th century and early 20th century, the practice was formally abandoned as the LDS Church came under intense criticism by the United States government. The LDS Church no longer sanctions polygamy and its members do not practice it, although there are still elements of the doctrine in its theology.
The second-largest Latter Day Saint church, the Community of Christ (formerly the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints or RLDS Church), has a history of opposing the LDS Church's practice of polygamy. Other smaller Latter Day Saint churches were also formed as a means of opposing the LDS Church's polygamy. The formal shift in doctrine by the LDS Church later in the early 20th century gave rise to the Mormon fundamentalism movement, which has since fragmented into a number of separate churches, the most well-known being the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (FLDS Church). The FLDS Church and other Mormon fundamentalists believe the practice of polygamy should continue and was wrongfully abandoned by the LDS Church.
Current state of polygamy in the LDS Church.
The LDS church considers polygamy to have been a divinely inspired commandment that is supported by scripture, and it is discussed in a lesson on eternal marriage; it should be noted that plural marriage appears as part of the additional information section in the manual and it is explicitly not a focus of the lesson in the Sunday School curriculum in the modern church. However, the commandment of plural marriage is considered to have been taken back by God. President Joseph F. Smith has explained, "The doctrine is not repealed, the truth is not annulled, the law is right and just now as ever, but the observance of it is stopped". 
The LDS Church has not tolerated plural marriages since the 1890 Manifesto was declared. However, all of the First Presidency and almost all of the apostles at that time continued to maintain multiple families into the twentieth century: they did not feel that they could dissolve existing unions and families. Scholarship beginning in the 1980s has led to estimates that the average incidence of polygamy during the 40 years in which it was a practice of the church was between 15-30%, depending on the years and location, including virtually all church leadership at the time. Polygamy was gradually discontinued after the 1904 Second Manifesto as no new plural marriages were allowed and as the older polygamists died off. Since the Second Manifesto, the policy of the LDS Church has been to excommunicate members who enter into or solemnize new plural marriages. The LDS Church does not teach the practice of plural marriage, nor does it have any formal ties with Mormon fundamentalist groups that do.
Relationship of current practices to plural marriage.
Sealed marriages ended through death.
As of 1998, by proxy "A deceased woman may be sealed to all men to whom she was legally married during her life. However, if she was sealed to a husband during her life, all her husbands must be deceased before she can be sealed to a husband to whom she was not sealed during life."
Implications.
Theological issues are likely to exist when any church endorses the notion that marriage relationships continue into an afterlife, yet endorses people having more than one spouse during life. In this light, a doctrine of multiple marriage relationships in the afterlife does not necessarily imply an endorsement of plural marriage during life.
Current state of polygamy in the Community of Christ.
The Community of Christ (formerly the RLDS Church) has rejected the practice of polygamy since its inception and continues to affirm monogamy "as the basic principle of Christian marriage". Many in this church believe that Joseph Smith, Jr. never taught or practiced polygamy and that the doctrine began with the teachings of Brigham Young in the LDS Church. The Community of Christ does not recognize Smith's 1831 revelation or the 1843 revelation as canonical, and some members regard them as inauthentic.
Although some past leaders of the RLDS Church—most notably Joseph Smith III and others who were descendants of Joseph Smith, Jr.—have strenuously denied that Smith taught or practiced polygamy, the Community of Christ today states that it "does not legislate or mandate positions on issues of history". The church acknowledges that research into the early Latter Day Saint movement "seem to increasingly point to Joseph Smith Jr. as a significant source for plural marriage teaching and practice", but the church argues that it must be recognized that Smith was not infallible in his teachings.
Current state of polygamy in the Strangite church.
Members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (Strangite) have historically taught and, in limited numbers, have practiced plural marriage. James Strang was married to several women during his leadership of the church. However, the 1843 revelation by Joseph Smith, Jr. is rejected by the church as an inauthentic revelation. The Book of the Law of the Lord, a part of the Strangite canon, sanctions polygamy, but the church reports that "there are no known cases of polygamy currently in the church".
Mormon fundamentalist denominations that practice polygamy.
Over time, many of those who rejected the LDS Church's relinquishment of plural marriage formed small, close-knit communities in areas of the Rocky Mountains. These groups continue to practice 'the principle' despite the ostensible opposition, and consider the practice to be a requirement for entry into the highest heaven, which they call the "first degree" of the Celestial Kingdom. These people are commonly called Mormon fundamentalists and may either practice as individuals, as families, or as part of organized denominations.
Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints.
The FLDS Church teaches that a man having multiple wives is ordained by God and is a requirement for a man to receive the highest form of salvation. It is generally believed in the church that a man should have a minimum of three wives to fulfill this requirement. Connected with this doctrine is the concept that wives are required to be subordinate to their husbands. 
The FLDS Church currently practices the law of placing, whereby a young woman of marriageable age is assigned a husband by revelation from God to the leader of the church, who is regarded as a prophet. The prophet elects to take and give wives to and from men according to their worthiness.
Apostolic United Brethren.
Perhaps the AUB members are best known for their belief in plural marriage and what is commonly called the "1886 Meeting". While not all members take part in plural marriage, it is considered a crucial step in the quest for obtaining the highest glory of heaven. The leaders of the AUB do not arrange marriages nor do they authorize plural marriages for people under 18 or for those who are closely related.

</doc>
<doc id="18692354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692354" title="Salima Hammouche">
Salima Hammouche

Salima Hamouche (born January 17, 1984 in Béjaïa) is an Algerian international volleyball player.

</doc>
<doc id="18692360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692360" title="Jorge van Rankin">
Jorge van Rankin

Jorge Van Rankin, better known as "El Burro" (The Donkey), is a television host in Mexico.
His nephews, Allan and Josecarlos Van Rankin, are an football goalkeeper and midfielder. Allan plays for Atlante and Josecarlos plays for Pumas UNAM.
Biography.
He started working back in 1987 in W FM 96.9 (a Mexican radio station) with his program "Fusión". He stayed there until 1990 when he moved as the manager of Televisa's Canal 5. 
From 1991 to 1993 he worked at the music studio "Melody" and then he went back to W FM 96.9 with a new program and after that he moved to another radio station Vox FM 101.7 where he worked with Esteban Arce. 
Finally in 1993 he debuts as a television host at Telehit's "El Calabozo" along with his good friend Estaban Arce. The program had huge success thanks to the craziness and randomness of the show. 
From there, El Burro became Vox FM's general director and the man responsible for Vox International.
He also hosted another of Telehit's great shows "Fresas con Chile" (Strawberries with Peppers) along with Paloma. 
In 2003 he participated in the second edition of Televisa's reality show Big Brother VIP where he was the sixth person to leave the house. Thanks to the public's support, in 2004 he went back for the third edition of Big Brother where he made it to the final but finished in fourth place. 
Currently Jorge hosts his new show "Hasta Adentro" transmitted by Unicable which has also had a lot of success. He also hosts Trancazo Musical on KRCA.

</doc>
<doc id="18692364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692364" title="Out in Fifty">
Out in Fifty

Out in Fifty is a 1999 independent film directed and written by Bojesse Christopher and Scott Leet, which also stars in this film together with actor Mickey Rourke. Film also stars Peter Greene, Ed Lauter, Balthazar Getty, James Avery and Christina Applegate as "Lilah". A central role is developing by Nina Offenböck, the georgeus swidish actress, as Gloria. It is an action packed psychologicial thriller film.
Plot.
Mississippi boy Ray Frye (Scott Leet) accidentally killed a perverted woman from L.A. during making love. Now her vengeful husband, an addict cop no less (Mickey Rourke), is waiting to strike when Frye gets out of prison. But Frye goes out of the Frye pen and into the fire when, on parole, he boards with the scheming little family of a chintzy car-wash entrepreneur. There's also a poison-dart serial killer on the loose who may or may not be relevant.

</doc>
<doc id="18692368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692368" title="E-talk">
E-talk

e-Talk is a 24-hour satellite television channel created by Philippine Multi-Media System, Inc., for their DTH satellite provider Dream Satellite TV. This channel is a chat channel and broadcast music videos from their former channels DVMC (Dream Video Music Channel) and ISLA Channel. It also serves as their barker channel and Pay-Per-View reserved channel.

</doc>
<doc id="18692372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692372" title="Januarisman">
Januarisman

Januarisman Runtuwene better known as Januarisman or Aris, (born January 25, 1985, in Jakarta, Indonesia) is an Indonesian rock singer. On August 2, 2008, he won the fifth season of the reality show "Indonesian Idol". After winning a competition BMG Recordings terminated his contract while he was recording his first album. As of now, he has no singles or albums released. He has no plans to sue the company for terminating the contract.
Biography.
Early life.
Aris dropped out of school and became a street musician for financial reason when he was in middle school. He used perform in many public places such as Kampung Melayu bus station and KRL Jabotabek train. He was married to Rosalia Oktaviani and has one son named Mocalist Rasya Faturullah.
Indonesian Idol.
Aris auditioned for Indonesian Idol in Jakarta.
He sang a song from an Indonesian band ST12,"Rasa Yang Tertinggal". Titi DJ, one of the judges, cried during Aris' performance.
Aris made it to the final and won season five of Indonesian Idol after defeating Gisella Anastasia.

</doc>
<doc id="18692373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692373" title="Kirill Tomashevich">
Kirill Tomashevich

Kirill Fomich Tomashevich (, (1852—after 1909) was a deputy of State Duma of the Russian Empire of III convocation from the Mogilev Governorate. He was included in the faction of nationalists.

</doc>
<doc id="18692385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692385" title="Raouia Rouabhia">
Raouia Rouabhia

Raouia Rouabhia (born June 25, 1978 in Meyrargues, France) is an Algerian international volleyball player.
Club information.
Current club : Venelle Volleyball (France)
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18692396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692396" title="Narimène Madani">
Narimène Madani

Narimène Madani (born March 12, 1984 in Béjaïa) is an Algerian international volleyball player. She represented the Algerian national team at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Club information.
Current club : MB Bejaia (Algeria)
Previous club : GSP ( ex MC Algiers) 
Previous club: NC Bejaia (Algeria)
Debut club: MB Bejaia (Algeria)
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18692401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692401" title="Sporodochium">
Sporodochium

A sporodochium (pl. sporodochia) is a small, compact stroma (mass of hyphae) usually formed on host plants parasitised by mitosporic fungi of the form order Tuberculariales (Deuteromycota, Hyphomycetes). This stroma bears the conidiophores on which the asexual spores or conidia are formed.

</doc>
<doc id="18692405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692405" title="Dalil Deraâ">
Dalil Deraâ

Dalil Deraâ (born February 29, 1984) is a female Algerian volleyball player. She is part of the Algerian Olympic team of 2008.
Club information.
As of 2008, she plays for MC Algiers.

</doc>
<doc id="18692410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692410" title="Rio Grande High School">
Rio Grande High School

Rio Grande High School is a public high school located in the South Valley, Albuquerque, New Mexico. It is part of the Albuquerque Public Schools system. The Ravens have a talented Baseball and Wrestling team. The Wrestlers have placed second in state the past two years. The Baseball team, coached by former professional baseball player Orlando Griego, finished ranked 11th in state. In 2011 they got as high as third in state. Rio Grande High School has fierce rivalries with Atrisco Heritage Academy and Valley High School.

</doc>
<doc id="18692416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692416" title="Northern Moravia witch trials">
Northern Moravia witch trials

Northern Moravian witch trials, also known as "Boblig witch trials" was a series of witch trials which occurred in the Jeseník and Šumperk area in present day Czech Republic, between 1622 and 1696. They are among the largest and most well known witch trials in the history of the country. 
Background.
The Norther Moravian witch trials are considered to be part of the Catholic counter-reformation. The Bohemians were unwilling to abandon their Protestant religion after Bohemia had been taken by Austria during the Thirty Years' War. There was also great opposition to the social oppression of farmers under the landlords. This caused rebellions, such as the one of 1659-1662 led by Kryštof Winter, Mikuláš Patzold and Jan Jaschke. 
Jesuit priest Arnold Engel was the first person who had pointed out to the alleged witch practices in North Moravia. In order to draw attention of Emperor Leopold I, he wrote a special memorandum describing alleged public mocking of Catholics by Protestants. In his pamphlet, Engel refers also to the ""flourishing of the art of witchcraft and evil"". He notes, that ""... so many dead men, who didn't die in good faith, but had connections with the devil, are getting up from their graves, and cause heavy damages to both the residents and their livestock."" 
Witch trials were otherwise uncommon in Bohemia and Moravia. The first witch trials occurred in Jeseník in 1622, when 4 women were executed. In 1636, the first great hunt erupted and lasted until 1648; the number executed has been lost, but is considered to have been great. In 1651, 86 people were executed for witchcraft. 250 people are estimated to have been executed for this charge in the first period of 1622–1651. In 1667, another 16 were burned in Ratibor. They occurred mainly in present day Silesia and the Principality of Nisa.
The trials.
At Easter 1678, Marie Schuhová from Vernířovice attended church, and during the mass, she was observed taking the bread of communion from her mouth into her prayer book. This was the starting point of the witch trials. The local aristocrat, Countess Angelia Anna Sibyla of Galle, was advised to form a witch commission. Retired inquisition judge Jindřich František Boblig was recommended as the judge and head of the commission. Boblig was to become a well known witch hunter. 
The countess did not initially approve of torture. By displaying the torture devices for Schuhová, she pointed out the midwife Dorota Grörová, who, in her turn, pointed out Dorota Davidová, who had wanted the communion to use for a spell which would give the cows more milk. Boblig now convinced the countess that torture was necessary, and after this, torture was much used. The accused were stripped, the Devil's mark were searched for.
In 1679, Marie Schuhová and three other women were burned at the stake; one, Davidová, had died in prison but her corpse was burned all the same. 
Boblig and his commission continued his work, and was rumored to be driven by economic reasons. He turned to the city Šumperk, where many wealthy families lived. Kašpar Sattler and his wife Marie were among those found guilty by him.
The trial of Lautner.
In February 1680, five women were decapitated and burned. Usually, those convicted by Boblig were sentenced execution by burning. In Velké Losiny, Marie Sattlerová was pointed out by some of them. When four women were burned in September 1680, the crowd watching the execution cried for Jesus to forgive them. This made an impression on the priest Tomáš König. Together with other priests, he protested against Boblig, saying that if the commission were allowed to continue, then soon no one could be certain of their lives. Boblig reacted with gathering incriminating material against the critics which would suggest that they were witches as well. König died in 1682, just avoiding an arrest, as Boblig was ready to present his witch charge against him.
Another of the critics was Kryštof Alois Lautner, vicar of Šumperk and a popular person because of his tolerance. The Sattler family belonged to the most known accused people of these trials. They had come into an argument with members of the commission. Boblig had long planned to have them accused so that he could confiscate their property. An already arrested person was made to implicate them. Kašpar Sattler, his wife Marie and daughter Lizl were arrested and tortured. They were made to implicate Zuzana Voglicková, the house keeper and mistress of Lautner. The accused were made to confess to have committed incest and sex with demons at the witches' sabbath. They implicated Lautner, who was arrested as well with permission from the bishop. Lautner, Voglicková and the Sattler family were burned at the stake in 1685. 
The persecutions continued for eighteen years, until the death of Boblig in 1696. About one hundred people are estimated to have been executed in the 1678-1696 witch craze.
In fiction.
Otakar Vávra's film "Kladivo na čarodějnice" (Malleus Maleficarum, also translated as "Witches' Hammer" or "Witchhammer", 1969) is based on Václav Kaplický’s book "Kladivo na čarodějnice" (1963), a novel about witch trials in Northern Moravia during the 1670s.

</doc>
<doc id="18692430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692430" title="Pennysaver Amphitheater">
Pennysaver Amphitheater

The Pennysaver Amphitheater at Bald Hill (previously the Brookhaven Amphitheater), located at Bald Hill, is an outdoor concert venue owned by the Town of Brookhaven, and located in Farmingville, New York, United States. It has approximately 3,000 seats, and a capacity of 7,000 including lawn seating of over 4,000. In June 2012, the venue was renamed the Pennysaver Amphitheater after being known as the Brookhaven Amphitheater for many years.
History.
Though outdoor concerts have been held at Bald Hill since as far back as 1965, the current amphitheater was built in the late 1980s (replacing earlier portable and simpler stages) on the location of the former Bald Hill Ski Bowl, and modeled after venues such as the PNC Bank Arts Center in New Jersey. It has been compared to such arenas as the Red Rocks Amphitheater in Colorado and the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles.
The venue does not share the same popularity as the Nikon at Jones Beach Theater also located on Long Island, however many concertgoers have praised the sight lines. Throughout the years the theater has hosted musical acts such as Blondie, James Brown, B. B. King, Pat Benatar, Alice Cooper, Cheap Trick, Twisted Sister and the 2002 Metal Edge Rockfest. The venue has also hosted family-friendly movie nights.
The Town of Brookhaven's management of the facility has not always been smooth. One black mark occurred in the early 1990s, when a local promoter booked several high-profile shows that never happened, and failed to issue refunds, causing lawsuits to be brought against the town. Another venue manager was allegedly fired in 2002. From 2004-2008, the venue ran a deficit of more than $3.9 million. The Town planned to stop providing more funding in the fall of 2008, but later decided to host at least three shows in 2009.
In 2012, the Brookhaven Town Board approved a five year agreement with JVC Broadcasting to manage the venue, and in June 2012 it was announced that the facility would be renamed the Pennysaver Amphitheater at Bald Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="18692445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692445" title="Caracas Aerial Tramway">
Caracas Aerial Tramway

The aerial tramway of the city of Caracas, Venezuela, was inaugurated on April 19, 1952 by the then president of Venezuela, General Marcos Pérez Jiménez. It remained open until the end of the 1970s. A series of fruitless attempts to reopen it in 1986, 1988 and 1990 each ended in closure. It wasn't until the year 2000 that the national government gave concession to the company Inversora Turística Caracas, which was to reopen the tramway to coincide with a rebuilt Hotel Humboldt and Parque Ávila Mágica.
The park at the top of the mountain is a wide walkway along the ridgeline. Several vendors have set up food or handicraft kiosks. There is also a restaurant and ice skating rink, an enormous Venezuelan flag waving in the breeze, and the ruins of the Humboldt Hotel. Often the top of the mountain has clouds drifting through it obscuring the views. It is several degrees cooler than Caracas or the coast. When clear of clouds, you can see the city of Caracas on one side and the coastline on the other side.
In 2000 reconstruction of the cableway system began, as well as the one of the stations, and the cable cars are now operating. There are now more than 70 tram cars, and can travel 3.5 km in little more than 15 minutes. The cost for a round trip ride is between 40 Bs (for senior citizens) and 100 Bs (for non-Venezuelans). In August 2007 the concession was revoked and the park is once again in the hands of the federal government. In October 2007 it was renamed “Waraira Repano.” However, the hotel project was not as successful – it never was rebuilt or reopened. Despite being worked on for 13 years, the hotel is still a ruin.
System.
The original system had 4 stations and two sections, the first one between the city of Caracas (1000m), and the top of Avila hill (2100m), that also took the passengers down to the Hotel Humboldt, and the second section left of the Avila; station that passed over the town of Galipán and finished in El Cojo station in Macuto although the Estado Vargas (Vargas Station) fell into disuse and became obsolete.
The operating company, before the concession was revoked, reconstructed all the first section ("Maripérez" - "Ávila"). The State then took control of the system and announced plans to further modernize the reconstruction and modernization of the second section of the system, a task unfinished by the previous contractor due to the cancellation of the concession. At the beginning of 2008, the state put their plan into action and began the reconstruction of the second cableway system from Galipán - El Cojo, but to this day no constructions has started on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="18692454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692454" title="Mind &amp; Language">
Mind &amp; Language

Mind & Language is a peer-reviewed academic journal published five times a year by Wiley-Blackwell. It covers research in the study of mind and language primarily from the fields of linguistics, philosophy, psychology, artificial intelligence, and cognitive anthropology. The editor-in-chief is Samuel Guttenplan.

</doc>
<doc id="18692455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692455" title="1800 in France">
1800 in France

"See also:" 
1799 in France, 
1801 in France.
Events from the year 1800 in France.

</doc>
<doc id="18692463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692463" title="Indigo Algorithm (Ai no Denshi Kisuuhou)">
Indigo Algorithm (Ai no Denshi Kisuuhou)

Indigo Algorithm -Ai no Denshi Kisuuhou- ("Indigo Algorithm"－藍の電思基数法－), also known as Quantum Mechanics Rainbow II: Indigo Algorithm, is the seventh (sixth of entirely new music) solo album by artist Daisuke Asakura. It is the second in a series of seven albums released by Asakura in 2004, called Quantum Mechanics Rainbow. Each album revolves around a different color of the rainbow and a different term relating to Quantum Mechanics. This album revolves around the color indigo. The album also contatins a re-arrangement of a song originally performed by another, now defunct, band that Daisuke Asakura had produced in the past, The Seeker. It also contains guest vocals by Takatoshi Shindo (Track 5).

</doc>
<doc id="18692472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692472" title="Los Reyes Magos (film)">
Los Reyes Magos (film)

Los Reyes Magos (The 3 Wise Men in the United States) is a 2003 Spanish animated film. It tells the story of the visit of the Magi to the baby Jesus and the wrath of Herod.
The film was directed by Antonio Navarro who was nominated for a Goya Award for this film. The film contains the voice talents of José Coronado, Juan Echanove, Imanol Arias and Imanol Arias in the original version and the voice acting of father-son actors Martin Sheen and Emilio Estevez in the English dub.

</doc>
<doc id="18692474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692474" title="Ben Hancox">
Ben Hancox

Ben Hancox is an English violinist, who is most famous for co-founding the Sacconi String Quartet in 2001.
Pre-Sacconi life.
Hancox started playing the violin at the age of four. In his late teens he studied with Serguei Fatkouline in Madrid and Bonn, before being accepted into the Royal College of Music. There he also studied with Felix Andrievsky. At the RCM, he won both major violin prizes, before leaving with a first class honours degree. In his postgraduate diploma, he was awarded a distinction in performance.
During his undergraduate studies, Hancox received the Emily English Scholarship, before then receiving the Associated Board for his postgraduate studies.
Founding the quartet.
In 2001, Hancox founded the Sacconi Quartet along with its co-founders, Hannah Dawson, Robin Ashwell and Cara Berridge. The quartet started off playing in weddings, but rapidly grew as more and more people became aware of their existence.
Other work.
As well as playing in the quartet, Hancox is also a very well known soloist, collaborating with many famous orchestras and artists.

</doc>
<doc id="18692480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692480" title="Telephone numbers in Uruguay">
Telephone numbers in Uruguay

Uruguay's calling code is +598. Since 2010, national long distance calling were eliminated, thus there are no area codes in each city.
Landline telephony.
ANTEL (Spanish abbreviation for National Administration of Telecommunications) is Uruguay's state-owned company for telecommunications.
Previously in Uruguay, phone numbers used to have between 4 and 7 digits. To make a local phone call, you only had to dial those digits. To make a call between two cities from different departments, you had to dial zero, plus area code, plus phone number.
As from August 29, 2010, all phone numbers have 8 digits, according to the new National Numbering Plan. Zero prior to area code was eliminated. Therefore, to make a call to any city in the country you have to dial 8 digits. This plan was implemented by URSEC (Spanish abbreviation for Regulator Unit of Services of Communications).
National Numbering Plan.
Montevideo and metropolitan area.
In the Metropolitan area of Montevideo, all national numbers begin with 2. This 8-digit number consists of the former area code (2), followed by the old 7-digit number.
Examples
Outside Montevideo.
In the rest of the country, all national numbers begin with 4. This 8-digit number consists of the number 4, followed by the former area code, followed by the old phone number
Colonia Example
There is one exception that occurs in the cities from the department of Maldonado that begin with 42, where the new 8-digit number consists of the former area code, followed by the old phone number (no 4 set before).
San Carlos Example
Calling from other countries.
For calls from outside the country to any city in Uruguay, you only have to add the country code (598) to the 8-digit national number.
Call to Montevideo Example
Call to Colonia Example
Call to San Carlos Example
Mobile telephony.
When mobile telephony arrived in Uruguay, the only company set up the country was Movicom BellSouth. Mobile phone numbers would begin with digits 09, followed by a unique number of 6 digits: 09xxxxxx.
In 1994, ANTEL decided to start its own mobile phone service, creating Ancel, which today is unified to Antel, using this brand to both services.. This meant a numbering change for mobile telephony. One number was assigned to each company to identify numbers of each one. This digit would go between 09 and the number. Movicom was assigned number 4, and Ancel number 9. Mobile phones until then (which were Movicom) went to 094xxxxxx, and new Ancel numbers began to be 099xxxxxx.
In 2003, Claro came to Uruguay (formerly as CTI Móvil). Numbers of this company were preceded by 096, like this: 096xxxxxx.
In 2004, Telefónica bought Movicom Bellsouth and changed its name to Movistar.
Since nowadays the numbers of units sold has grown so much, when the companies reached one million users, they had to be assigned with other digits.
092 is still free in case a new company sets up in the market. URSEC has also reserved 084, 089 and 086 for a possible future use.

</doc>
<doc id="18692491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692491" title="Amorpha-4,11-diene">
Amorpha-4,11-diene

Amorpha-4,11-diene is a precursor to artemisinin.

</doc>
<doc id="18692493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692493" title="Verbandsbauart">
Verbandsbauart

The German term Verbandsbauart describes both a type of goods wagon as well as a type of tram. 
In order to standardise the goods wagons classes of the various German state railways ("Länderbahnen"), the German State Railway Wagon Association ("Deutscher Staatsbahnwagenverband" or "DSV") issued regulations. The so-called "Verbandsbauart" (association) or "DSV" wagons, named after this association, were built from 1910 until the emergence of the Austauschbauart (interchangeable) wagons in 1927. Externally, the "Verbandsbauart" wagons looked very much like state railway goods wagons, but they were equipped for considerably higher maximum loads of up to 20 tons. A total of 11 classes were defined by norms defined by master drawings ("Musterblättern"). The wagons were built in numbers that today are hardly conceivable. The most important ones were the A2 and A10 Class wagons of which over 100,000 of each type were built. The Om Class A10 wagons were, including wagons of identical construction made by other nations, the most widespread goods wagons of all time and formed the major part of the German goods wagon fleet until the 1950s. Only then did they slowly disappear from the tracks. Many were also modified as part of the German goods wagon reconstruction programme.
The other meaning of the term is used for one of the tram classes that arose after Second World War in West Germany. The "Verband" wagons succeeded the rebuilt, war-damaged trams and were built to guidelines issued by the "Association of Public Transport Companies" ("Verband öffentlicher Verkehrsbetriebe, VÖV"). 

</doc>
<doc id="18692496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692496" title="USS Shellbark (AN-67)">
USS Shellbark (AN-67)

USS "Shellbark" (AN-67/YN-91) was a which was assigned to protect U.S. Navy ships and harbors during World War II with her anti-submarine nets.
Constructed in Slidell, Louisiana.
"Shellbark" (AN-67) was laid down on 15 September 1943 by the Canulette Shipbuilding Co. Inc., Slidell, Louisiana, as "YN-91"; launched on 31 October 1943; redesignated as "AN-67" on 20 January 1944; and commissioned on 12 April.
World War II service.
"Shellbark" sailed to Newport, Rhode Island, on the 30th to begin her shakedown cruise. Upon completion, she was in the Boston Navy Yard from 24 to 31 May. 
She reported to the 1st Naval District for duty on 1 June. "Shellbark" was then assigned to the U.S. Atlantic Fleet for temporary duty with the U.S. 12th Fleet. The net layer arrived in Belfast, Northern Ireland, on 20 July and operated in English waters until she departed Plymouth, England, on 6 November.
"Shellbark" returned to Norfolk, Virginia, on 21 November 1944 and operated from there until departing on 20 February 1945 for San Francisco, California, via the Panama Canal Zone and San Diego, California. She stood out of San Francisco on 27 April en route to Pearl Harbor, arriving there on 7 May. She sailed from there 20 days later for Eniwetok, Guam, Saipan, and Okinawa.
"Shellbark" operated in the Okinawa area from 13 July to 20 September. On the 22d, she moved into Japanese home waters around Honshū, operating from Kobe and Wakayama, until 1 February 1946. On that date, she sailed for Shanghai. She arrived on 17 March and began preparations for decommissioning.
Post-war inactivation.
"Shellbark" was decommissioned on 19 April and sold to China the next day. She was struck from the Navy List on 1 May 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="18692508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692508" title="List of emergency medicine courses">
List of emergency medicine courses

This list of emergency medicine courses contains programs often required to be taken by emergency medical providers, including emergency medical technicians, paramedics, and emergency physicians.

</doc>
<doc id="18692513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692513" title="Culture Clash in AmeriCCa">
Culture Clash in AmeriCCa

Culture Clash in AmeriCCa is a 2005 documentary film directed by Emilio Estevez. It is an anthology of fun and thought-provoking skits and monologues portraying diverse American immigrants. Emlio Estevez doesn't appear in this documentary film. Inspiration came from thousands of interviews conducted nationwide during a period of 20 years, by Culture Clash.
In the title, AmeriCCa's two big letter CC means "Culture Clash". Richard Montoya, Ricardo Salinas and Herbert Siguenze appeared as various roles.

</doc>
<doc id="18692520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692520" title="Tim Mack">
Tim Mack

Tim Mack may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18692525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692525" title="HMCS Kentville (J312)">
HMCS Kentville (J312)

HMCS "Kentville" (J312) was a that served in the Royal Canadian Navy during World War II.
Built in the 1941-42 programme of RCN minesweeper production, she was commissioned on 10 October 1942 with pennant number J146.
"Kentville" was assigned to Sydney, Nova Scotia as a coastal escort vessel, escorting coastal convoys in Atlantic Canada. During the course of her duties, she rescued the freighter "Imperial Monarch" in distress from heavy weather and the tug Foundation Franklin. "Kentville" saw enemy action in January, 1945 when she defended her convoy against submarine attacks which sank two merchant ships. During the war her crew often took leave in her namesake town of Kentville, Nova Scotia.
She was put into strategic reserve following the war, but was briefly recommissioned in 1954 under pennant number 182. After being mothballed again, she was transferred to Turkey in 1957 where she was renamed "Bartin" and served until 1972. Today her bell is preserved at the Kings County Museum in Kentville.

</doc>
<doc id="18692535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692535" title="Yakutia–Khabarovsk–Vladivostok pipeline">
Yakutia–Khabarovsk–Vladivostok pipeline

The Yakutia–Khabarovsk–Vladivostok pipeline is a planned natural gas pipeline in Eastern Siberia to transport Yakutia's gas to Primorsky Krai and Far East countries.
Route.
The pipeline will start from the Chayanda oil and gas field in Yakutia. It will partly run within an integrated corridor with the second stage of Eastern Siberia-Pacific Ocean oil pipeline. In Khabarovsk, it will be connected with the Sakhalin–Khabarovsk–Vladivostok pipeline. Together, these pipelines will feed a planned LNG plant, which will produce liquefied natural gas for the export to Japan, and a planned petrochemical complex in Primorsky Krai.
Source of supply.
The pipeline will be feed from the Chayanda oil and gas field in Yakutia. The gas field is expected to be launched in 2016.
History.
On October 29, 2012 President Vladimir Putin instructed the general manager of Gazprom to start the construction of the pipeline that is to be finished by 2017. The pipeline is expected to cost 770 billion roubles and the investment in gas production 430 billion roubles.

</doc>
<doc id="18692543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692543" title="Mir Gul Hassan Manjhoo">
Mir Gul Hassan Manjhoo

Mir Gul Hassan Manjhoo () was the head of Manjhoo tribe and the founder of the Jamot Nationalist Party in Balochistan. Before the creation of party, he served twenty-two years as an important leader of the Pakistan People Party in Balochistan, and was a strong supporter of Zulfikar Ali Bhutto.

</doc>
<doc id="18692546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692546" title="Desaguadero, Bolivia-Peru">
Desaguadero, Bolivia-Peru

Desaguadero (Spanish for "channel, drain for drawing off superfluous water") or Chaka Marka (Aymara and Quechua for "bridge village") is a town on the Bolivian-Peruvian border. On the Bolivian side it is situated in the La Paz Department, Ingavi Province, Desaguadero Municipality, Desaguadero Canton. On the Peruvian side it lies in the Puno Region, Chucuito Province, Desaguadero District. Both parts of the town are united by a binational bridge.
The town is located 86 km from La Paz.
Climate.
Desaguadero has a tropical subalpine climate ("Cwc").
Source: [http://www.worldweatheronline.com/Desaguadero-weather-averages/Puno/PE.aspx]
References.
ž

</doc>
<doc id="18692561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692561" title="We're Not in Kansas Anymore">
We're Not in Kansas Anymore

"We're Not in Kansas Anymore" is the pilot episode of the American teen drama "90210", which premiered on September 2, 2008 on The CW in the United States and Global in Canada. "90210" is a spin-off to "Beverly Hills, 90210", and the fourth series in the "Beverly Hills, 90210" continuity. The pilot was written by Gabe Sachs, Jeff Judah and Rob Thomas, and directed by Mark Piznarski. The episode, aired with "The Jet Set" in a two-hour premiere, averaged 4.9 million viewers on its original broadcast.
The development of a "Beverly Hills, 90210" spin-off by The CW was reported on March 13, 2008; four days later, a detailed breakdown of the pilot written by Thomas was released. Thomas later announced that he was leaving the series, and Sachs and Judah were hired to write a new version of the script. Casting began before the script was completed, and several cast members of the original series were approached, of whom several accepted to appear. Reviews of the episode were mixed, and one critic explained, "it's not a great show but it's not a terrible teen drama, not by a long shot. The new "90210" turns out to be a solid sequel with plenty of shout-outs to fans of the old "90210"."
The pilot introduces the Wilson family, along with numerous other students at West Beverly Hills High, where Annie Wilson (Shenae Grimes) and Dixon Wilson (Tristan Wilds) begin attendance. Their father, Harry Wilson (Rob Estes), returns from Kansas to his childhood home of Beverly Hills with his family to care of his mother, former television star Tabitha Wilson (Jessica Walter), who has a drinking problem. Annie and Dixon struggle to adjust to their new lives while making new friends and adhering to their parents' wishes.
Plot.
The Wilson family — consisting of parents Harry and Debbie (Lori Loughlin), daughter Annie, and adopted son Dixon arrive at the mansion of Harry's mother, Tabitha. Where they will be taking care of her. Annie and Dixon discuss what their first day of school will be like at West Beverly Hills High, where their father will be the principal. Annie hopes to hook up with a friend named Ethan Ward (Dustin Milligan), whom she met two summers ago. When she arrives at school the next day, Annie spots Ethan in his car and makes eye contact, only to realize that he is receiving fellatio from a fellow student. Dixon goes to journalism class, where he meets Navid Shirazi (Michael Steger), while Annie goes to her first class taught by Ryan Matthews (Ryan Eggold). Matthews asks popular student, Naomi Clark (AnnaLynne McCord), to show Annie around the school. After class, Naomi talks to Annie about her busy life and upcoming sixteenth birthday party. Annie discovers that she is dating Ethan, and meets her best friend, Adrianna Tate-Duncan (Jessica Lowndes), who is the lead in the school play Spring Awakening. Annie, who is also an actress, is upset that she arrived too late to audition for a role, although Adrianna says that she would be better use backstage. Later, Adrianna takes several pills from a drug dealer, and agrees to pay him two hundred dollars the next day.
Annie sees Ethan and promises not to tell Naomi what she saw. They part ways for lunch, and Annie meets Silver (Jessica Stroup); however, Naomi pulls Annie away, explaining that Silver makes insulting YouTube videos about people. Naomi invites Annie to her birthday party, and they decide to go shopping together. Harry and guidance counselor Kelly Taylor (Jennie Garth) and Mr.Matthews meet with Naomi's parents, who feel that Naomi should not have to hand in her assignments on time when she is planning her party. Before she leaves, Naomi's mother, Tracy (Christina Moore), reminds Harry that they dated in high school. Naomi receives a text message from her mother, telling her that she must complete the assignment that night. Annie remembers that she completed a similar assignment for her old school, and offers to give Naomi a copy for inspiration.
Dixon is accepted into the lacrosse team after trying out, but gets into a fight with team member George Evans (Kellan Lutz). Annie tells Dixon of her invitation to Naomi's party, and how she saw Ethan cheating on Naomi. The next day at school, Annie finds out that Silver made a video blog about her, depicting her as a bitchy farmer. Annie confronts Silver, who felt insulted by Annie's decision to hang out with Naomi. When Silver is reprimanded by her half-sister, Kelly, she realizes that she shouldn't reprimand Annie for what happened between her and Naomi in the past. Elsewhere, Ethan is forced by his team members to lie that Dixon started the fight during, and he is subsequently kicked off the team. Annie argues with Ethan because of his lying, and asks what happened to the Ethan that she met two years ago. In class, Naomi reads an exact copy of Annie's paper. Afterward, when Annie confronts Naomi, she apologizes by giving Annie an $800 dress. Annie decides to watch the school play rehearsals, and Silver apologizes for the video by asking the drama teacher to let Annie sing with the chorus for the play. Much to Adrianna's dismay, Annie is allowed to be in the play. Naomi again gets into trouble when Harry discovers that she cheated, and forces her to write the paper in his office. Ethan has a fight with George and tells the truth, resulting in Dixon being allowed to play on the team. Dixon tells Annie that he feels horrible, as he sent a text message to Naomi telling her that Ethan is cheating on her.
Harry and Debbie punish Annie by not allowing her to go to Naomi's party. When they reconsider and decide to let her go, they discover that she has already left. Harry goes to the party to find Annie, but is instead told by Tracy that they have a son together, whom she gave up for adoption over twenty years ago. Adrianna, who had previously stolen money from Naomi's purse, claims to have found it and gives it back. Naomi checks her phone messages and learns that Ethan is cheating on her. Naomi asks Ethan if he is really cheating on her, and leaves the party after he fails to answer. Annie leaves with Silver for another party on the beach, where she apologizes to Ethan for revealing that he was cheating on Naomi. When she asks why he told the truth about Dixon not starting the fight, he replies that he is trying to be the good guy he used to be. Annie, Silver, Dixon and Navid spend the rest of the night swimming at the beach. In the closing scenes, Kelly talks to the father of her four-year-old son, Adrianna pays her drug dealer with money she stole from Naomi, and Ethan visits Naomi's house.
Production.
Development.
On March 13, 2008, it was announced that The CW was developing a contemporary spin-off of "Beverly Hills, 90210", which first aired on Fox from October 1990 to May 2000. The project was put on the fast track by the network, and an order of the pilot was expected by the end of the month. The "Beverly Hills, 90210" creator, Darren Star, was announced not to be involved with the project, as well as producer Aaron Spelling, who died in 2006. The only surviving element from the original series was the Creative Artists Agency, the talent agency which masterminded the spin-off idea. "Veronica Mars" creator Rob Thomas was in negotiations to write the pilot, and Mark Piznarski was in talks to direct. 
A detailed breakdown of the pilot written by Thomas was released on March 17, containing information on the plot and characters of the series. None of the characters were related to the original series; however, the series' featured a similar premise: a family with two teenagers who recently moved from the Midwest to Beverly Hills. To reflect the situation at the Beverly Hills school, where around 40 percent of the students were from Persian descent, a student named Navid Shirazi was created. Thomas intended to introduce The Peach Pit, the diner from "Beverly Hills, 90210", but noted that it would not be featured in the pilot. The writer considered giving the siblings a job at a movie theater, as he did not want them to use their parent's credit cards. Thomas revealed that there were plans to reintroduce one of the original cast members, but had not met with any of them to discuss a role. Thomas later elaborated the producers wanted to see "as many of the original cast members as possible", but were careful not to "parade them all out in the pilot".
On April 14, Thomas announced that he was leaving the series to focus on his two pilots for ABC. Gabe Sachs and Jeff Judah were hired as the new executive producer and wrote a new version of the script in late April. Sachs said that although Thomas had a "great script", their version of the script was "edgier". Judah said that they were trying to ground their script in reality, with real character stories and emotional stories. The writers wanted the audience to relate to the characters' problems, which they wanted to be truthful and emotional, but also comedic. The pair were interested in telling several stories simultaneously, featuring many characters. The pair changed the surname of the family from Mills to Wilson, and told reporters that they would be adding their "comedic impulses" to the script. Sachs and Judah found the parents to be an integral part of the series, and designed them to be contemporary parents. Since the producers were both fathers, they designed the script to include more prominent adult story lines and a strong point of view on parenting. Judah was interested in focusing on how the family kept their moral center when moving to Beverly Hills, and the way the parents dealt with their teenagers.
Casting.
On March 13, Kristin Dos Santos of E! confirmed that the series would be a spin-off with new characters, and not a remake. In order for the project to be ready for the network's "upfront" presentations to advertisers in May, casting began before the script was completed. The first actor to be cast was Dustin Milligan on April 1, followed by AnnaLynne McCord on April 14. Sachs found Milligan to be "really funny", and changed Ethan to better represent his personality. McCord was cast because, according to Sachs, "she's someone who is worldly, and there's a sophistication to her that's interesting". Actress and singer Hilary Duff was rumored to have been offered the part of Annie, but she told reports that it was "not true". The role was eventually given to Shenae Grimes, who says she was raised watching the original series. Sachs and Judah had seen Grimes' work before and knew "she had the acting chops", and she was cast after acting a dramatic scene which she "just killed". Sachs stated, "she can act, she's beautiful, and she can give this sweet cuteness (that lets us see) through her eyes into this world."
Lori Loughlin auditioned for the role of Debbie and was given the part straight away. Sachs thought that Loughlin was too established to read for the part, but realized that she understood the role immediately. The producers were fans of Jessica Walter after watching her film, "Play Misty for Me". Sachs found that Walter knew pieces of scenes, and suggested "stuff that works". Sachs described Ryan Eggold, who portrayed Matthews, as "a sophisticated actor, and he's also very funny". Sachs believed that every time Eggold would be on screen, "people are going to go, 'Wow!'".
The producers were looking for an actor who could portray Silver as a "quirky kid who moves to her own beat". Sachs explained that Jessica Stroup "came in dressed for the part, artsy and quirky, and she had her hair up and she had a bandana. She nailed it." The producers were fans of Tristan Wilds for his acting on "The Wire", and hoped to hire him as Dixon from the start of casting. When asked about Michael Steger, who portrays Navid, Sachs said "he's just great". Rob Estes, the last actor to join the series, was a previous cast member of the first "Beverly Hills, 90210" spin-off, "Melrose Place". Estes was sought by The CW to play Harry, but was contracted on the drama "Women's Murder Club". When that series was canceled, Sachs called Estes and explained the spin-off to him, and he thought it was a great idea. Sachs promised that although he was playing a parent, he would not "be furniture... as in the seldom seen or heard parents who populate many youth-centric series, like the Walsh parents on the original "90210"."
Following rumors of cast members from "Beverly Hills, 90210" appearing on the spin-off, The CW confirmed that Shannen Doherty, Jennie Garth, Tori Spelling and Joe E. Tata would be returning in recurring roles as their original characters. Sachs was familiar with Garth, and talked to her about a possible role in the series. Garth agreed to star on the series without reading a script after brainstorming ideas with Sachs. The producers offered Garth a role as a series regular, but she opted to sign on as a recurring character. Doherty decided to appear after talking with Sachs, but her appearance was moved to the second episode. Sachs described Tata's casting as an accident; a friend told Sachs that he had seen Tata in a store, which led to the offer of a recurring role in the series. Sachs said that Tata was ecstatic about the idea and agreed. After reading the script, Spelling expressed interest in returning, and the writers decided to give her character her own fashion line. Spelling was scheduled to appear in the premiere, but due to personal reasons and the birth of her daughter, she opted to appear later in the season. On August 11, it was reported that Spelling had pulled out of the series after discovering that she was receiving less pay than Garth and Doherty. Spelling asked for her salary of $20,000 per episode to be increased to match their salaries—$40,000 to $50,000 per episode—but when denied she left the show altogether.
Filming.
On May 11, 2008, one day before The CW's upfront presentations, the network officially picked up the series for the 2008–2009 television season. Filming for the pilot began in early June in Los Angeles. Torrance High School, which served as the high school in the original series was also used by the spin-off. Filming for the series usually took place in numerous high schools in Torrance and El Segundo, although several scenes were filmed in Torrance High School because of its large auditorium. Sachs returned to the school for the first time after graduating in 1979. Judah announced that the Peach Pit would be back, but as a coffeehouse rather than a diner. Other filming locations included the mansions of the Bel-Air neighborhood and the Hollywood night club Boulevard3. One week prior to the pilot's broadcast, it was confirmed that filming was still taking place, as the producers wanted to reshoot scenes and add extra ones.
Release.
Broadcast.
Prior to the season premieres of most television series in September, a common practice by television networks would be to send screeners of pilots of new shows to critics. On August 18, The CW notified critics that they would not be releasing the premiere episodes, saying, " have made the strategic marketing decision not to screen "90210" for any media in advance of its premiere. We're not hiding anything... simply keeping a lid on "90210" until 9.02, riding the curiosity and anticipation into premiere night, and letting all our constituents see it at the same time." Oscar Dahl of BuddyTV speculated that the decision was an indication of the low quality of the episodes, but pointed out that the pilot may not have been finished in time for a screener release, which was later confirmed to be the case. Despite not having watched the episode, the Parents Television Council said in a statement that "if "Gossip Girl" is any indication of what "90210" will look like, advertisers have plenty of reason to steer clear of the show... No reputable advertiser should even consider sponsoring the show without viewing the content in advance." "We're Not in Kansas Anymore", along with the following episode, averaged 4.9 million viewers throughout the two-hour broadcast on September 2. This gave The CW its highest-rated premiere ever in the adults 18-49 demographic with a 2.6. By comparison, the series finale of the original series was watched by 25 million viewers on its original broadcast in May 2000.
Critical reception.
Most reviews of the pilot were average, claiming that while it was not bad, it was not great either. Metacritic gave the episode a Metascore—a weighted average based on the impressions of a select 12 critical reviews—of 46, signifying mixed or average reviews. When compared to the original series, Rob Owen of the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" felt that the spin-off covered the same themes—family, friends, teen melodrama, relationships—but with more humor. Owen praised the compelling characters and the acting, and found the dialogue to be more clever than painful. Adam Buckman of the "New York Post" commented on the crude language used by the characters, and found there was nothing new that could have surprised him with watching the episode. Ray Richmond of "The Hollywood Reporter" found that despite The CW's decision not to send out screeners to critics, the pilot was " so horrible after all". Richmond praised the actors and writers, especially returning actor Garth, whom he found looked "terrific" and acted well.
Alan Sepinwall of "The Star-Ledger" found that while "90210" was neither "trainwreck nor masterpiece", it remained remarkably faithful in tone and spirit to the original series. The reviewer realized that "the dialogue was at times intentionally funny", and pointed out that although the actors looked to old for high school, they acted "a lot more natural" than the actors on the original series. Sepinwall questioned The CW's intended audience, saying that while the music and styles were reminiscent of "Gossip Girl", those who had not seen the original series would not have cared for the returning characters. Verne Gay of "Newsday" described "90210" as a "perfectly competent and reasonably seamless revival", with enough contemporary touchstones to attract new viewers. The reviewer commended the spin-off for integrating the new characters with the originals, while also including adults. Gay found that while the pilot featured too many story lines, the "vibe felt right" and it was not the disaster it was expected to be.
Among the reviews were several negative ones, which compared the series negatively to the original. Matthew Gilbert of "The Boston Globe" felt that like the original, "90210" was "pretty bad". Gilbert said that the episode "seemed to take forever to set up some remarkably bland plotlines", which he found had been executed with more finesse by other teen soaps. The reviewer criticized the writers for their "unimaginative material", exemplified by the risqué anal sex scene which he opined would no longer be considered outrageous for a series targeted at teenagers. Gilbert claimed that the characters lacked depth and distinction, especially Naomi, whom he compared negatively to "Gossip Girl"s Blair Waldorf. By contrast, Tom Gliatto of "People" magazine gave Naomi Clark a favorable review, but stated that he felt the cast as a whole had yet to gel. Ken Tucker of "Entertainment Weekly" described the pilot as "corny but trying to be hip, crammed with subplots until the producers figure out which ones the audience responds to." Tucker praised Walters acting as a "slashing panache that no one else on screen approaches", and found the only time he laughed with pleasure throughout the pilot was when her character exclaimed, "I'm gonna call Dan Tana's for some takeout!". Hal Boedeker of the "Orlando Sentinel" described the pilot as "a blah variation on "Beverly Hills, 90210"", and being too "extravagant and less believable". Boedeker expressed disappointment in the series, and predicted that it would be canceled within a year.

</doc>
<doc id="18692570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692570" title="Matthew Clancy">
Matthew Clancy

Matthew Clancy is a Gaelic footballer playing for County Galway. He has won All-Ireland medals at Under-21 and Senior level. Hee is currently a member of the Galway inter-county panel. He plays his club football with Oughterard in Galway.
Career.
Matthew began his inter-county career in 2001. After a poor start in the Championship, Galway regrouped to progress through the qualifiers in style and get revenge over Roscommon in the quarter final. In the semi-final, Galway were second best to Derry for large periods of the game and in the 55th minute, the score was 1-10 to 0-08 in favour of Derry. However, a revival led by Derek Savage saw Galway fight back and in the 66th minute, Matthew struck the haymaker for Derry's chances of victory. He was on the field for just over ten minutes as Bergin’s replacement. Declan Meehan and Michael Donnellan wove their way up the right flank, before releasing Savage. He jinked this way and that, creating enough space to allow room for the pass. Clancy drifted unmarked into the space in front of Eoin McCloskey’s goal to take it, turned and fired high past the ’keeper. A couple more scores, from a Pádraic Joyce free and Paul Clancy, made certain the victory and Galway qualified for the All-Ireland final with a 3 point victory, 1-14 to 1-11. Galway went on to win the All-Ireland final that year, outclassing a Meath side who had destroyed reigning champions Kerry in the other semi-final. The final score was 0-17 to 0-08.,
Matthew was also part of Galway's Under-21 All-Ireland success in 2002, defeating Dublin by 0-15 to 0-07
Over the next few years, Matthew progressed form his super-sub role into a first choice pick for the Galway set-up, combining his progress with his studies at NUIG.
Matthew has 4 Connacht titles to his name, coming in 2002, 2003, 2005, 2008.
After a few lean years during Peter Fordes time in charge, Galway have recovered under new manager Liam Sammon to become a potential tip for the Sam Maguire Cup. Matthew has become an influential presence in the Galway forward line alongside Pádraic Joyce and Michael Meehan. He was named Man Of The Match for his performance against Roscommon in the Connacht SFC 1st Round in May 2008. He won his fourth Connacht title against Mayo on July 13 and earned a place in the quarter-finals as a result. In the build-up to the quarter-final clash against Kerry, Matthew struggled with injury and despite starting the match, he was taken off midway through the first-half. He came back on in the second half but Kerry ran out 1-21 to 1-16 winners over Galway. He scored 1-05 in the 2008 Championship.
In 2012 Clancy announced his retirement from Inter-county football.

</doc>
<doc id="18692571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692571" title="Daniel Doron">
Daniel Doron

Daniel Doron is an Israeli publicist and political activist. He is the founder and director of the Israel Center for Social and Economic Progress (ICSEP). In this capacity, he has recommended economic changes to the Israeli government, some of which have successfully been implemented. He has written extensively on the advantages of free market economics in publications including the Wall Street Journal and the Jerusalem Post. For the latter, he serves as a regular columnist on economic matters. He has also translated into Hebrew texts about free market, as well as English prose - The Catcher in the Rye and A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man and wrote work of literary criticism.
Early life.
Daniel Doron is a third-generation sabra. His grandfather, Zorach Barnett, was one of the first Jewish pioneers in Palestine, coming prior to the First Aliyah. He moved to what was then Ottoman Turkish territory from England in 1872. 
Doron served Air Force Intelligence during the Israeli War of Independence in 1948, and studied sociology and economics at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He then pursued a career in literature, journalism and government. He served under Teddy Kollek, then Director-General of the Prime Minister's Office. In 1957, Doron was delegated by the Prime Minister's Office to serve as special consultant to the US Embassy in Tel Aviv.
Becoming a public figure.
In the 1960s, Daniel Doron resumed his studies as a Fellow of the University of Chicago's Committee on Social Thought, and then with Lionel Trilling and Jacques Barzuz as a Visiting Scholar at Columbia University. His exposure to economist Milton Friedman, Friedrich Hayek and other free market intellectual forces at the University of Chicago greatly influenced him. Later, the philosophies Doron acquired in the United States would lead him to push for free market changes in Israel's anti-competitive, socialist society and economy.
He also served on an economic advisory group for Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu and on the Israel Government Council for National and Economic Planning, was a member of the Board of the Entrepreneurial Center of Tel Aviv University, and is a member of the Mont-Pelerin Society. Doron was among the founders of The Herzliyah Conference, served on its Steering Committee and initiated its economic segment.
Activist.
Since 1973, Daniel Doron has been involved in political and economic reform in Israel. He helped to found the Shinui political party which succeeded in gaining a foothold in the Israeli Knesset.
In 1983, Doron began devoting his time to the Israel Center for Social and Economic Progress (ICSEP). A non-profit organization, it seeks to make recommendations to the Israeli government to increase the competitiveness of the Israeli economy. ICSEP conducts regular seminars for top Israeli university students to study free market economics, experiences that may otherwise not be available to them. ICSEP employs respected Israeli economic thinkers to examine Israeli markets in search of anti-competitive inefficiencies and works to make the public aware of such circumstances.
ICSEP and Daniel Doron succeeded in recommending to then Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu that Israeli banks needed to be barred from the Israeli capital market in order for the capital markets to grow and mature. The Israeli Knesset later passed the Bachar Reforms codifying Daniel Doron's recommendations. While this government intervention in the economy may be viewed as contradicting the free market approach of ICSEP and Daniel Doron it has resulted in a far more competitive Israeli capital market. 
Daniel Doron composes articles and op-ed pieces on behalf of ICSEP which have been published in major publications in the United States, Britain, and Israel.
Other activities and honors.
Daniel Doron was sole representative of the internationally-renowned artist Shalom of Safed, arranging his 15 museum exhibitions. Doron's film on Shalom won several important awards and was represented in the US at international festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="18692593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692593" title="Evelyn Prentice">
Evelyn Prentice

Evelyn Prentice is a 1934 film starring William Powell and Myrna Loy. and featuring Una Merkel and Rosalind Russell in her film debut. The movie was based on the 1933 novel of the same name by W. E. Woodward.
The neglected wife of an attorney begins a flirtation with another man, who turns out to be a gigolo. After it appears that she shot him when he attempted to blackmail her, another woman is charged with the crime.

</doc>
<doc id="18692630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692630" title="Cold Lake Air Force Museum">
Cold Lake Air Force Museum

The Cold Lake Air Force Museum is a military aviation museum located in Cold Lake, Alberta. The museum preserves and exhibits the heritage and history of 4 Wing Cold Lake and 42 Radar Squadron.
The Air Force Museum is actually one of four museums based on the old site of 42 Radar Squadron, who re-located to CFB Cold Lake in 1992. The Cold Lake Museums are connected to the Air Force Museum through a covered hallway affectionately dubbed 'The Tunnel'. All together, the museums are referred to as the Cold Lake Museums or the Tri-City Museums.
The old facility of 42 Radar Squadron was decommissioned in 1992 and the museum opened its doors for the first time on July 1, 1998.
Mission.
The Mission of the 4 Wing Cold Lake Air Force Museum is to preserve and display the history of 4 Wing Cold Lake and the squadrons and Units which have been, or will be stationed at, or
affiliated with, 4 Wing Cold Lake and its antecedent formations. The Museum is the focal point for Canadian Air Force research in the Cold Lake Region. The museum details the chronological development of the Royal Canadian Air Force, and associated Canadian Forces Units, in the Cold Lake Region. The Museum also details the history and heritage of Canadian Forces Units associated with Cold Lake who served in Europe.
Aircraft.
Outside the Museum where one drives up there are several aircraft and a few trucks on display. Included are specific aircraft serials and histories.
Museum layout.
When one enters the museum, the visitor's book and the Kitshop is what one sees first. The Kitshop sells memorabilia from 4 Wing squadrons, and also some items from the Cold Lake Museums.
The first floor of the Museum exhibits 4 Wing ground squadrons. The second floor exhibits, 4 Wing flying squadrons, Engines, a model of the Base and a few other exhibits that have to do with 4 Wing.
The following exhibits are displayed at the Cold Lake Air Force Museum:
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, OMMC and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18692636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692636" title="Thomas Nicholas Burke">
Thomas Nicholas Burke

Thomas Nicholas Burke (8 September 1830, Galway - 2 July 1882, Tallaght, Ireland) was an Irish Dominican preacher.
Life.
His parents, though in moderate circumstances, gave him a good education. He studied at first under the care of the Patrician Brothers, and was afterwards sent to a private school. An attack of typhoid fever when he was fourteen years old, and the famine year of 1847 had a sobering effect. Toward the end of that year he asked to be received into the Order of Preachers, and was sent to Perugia in Italy, to make his novitiate. On 29 December, he was clothed there in the habit of St. Dominic and received the name of Thomas. 
Shortly afterward he was sent to Rome to begin his studies College of St. Thomas in Rome, the future Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas, "Angelicum". 
Burke was a student of philosophy and theology at the College of St. Thomas in 1848. He passed thence to the Roman convent of Santa Sabina. His superiors sent him, while yet a student, as novice-master to Woodchester, the novitiate of the resuscitated English Province. 
He was ordained priest 26 March 1853. 
On 3 August 1854, defended publicly the "theses in universâ theologiâ".. Burke was made lector at the College of St. Thomas in 1854.
Early in the following year Father Burke was recalled to Ireland to found the novitiate of the Irish Province at Tallaght, near Dublin. In 1859 he preached his first notable sermon on "Church Music"; it immediately lifted him into fame. 
Elected Prior of Tallaght in 1863, he went to Rome the following year as Rector of the Dominican Convent of San Clemente, and attracted great attention by his preaching. He returned to Ireland in 1867, and delivered his oration on Daniel O'Connell at Glasnevin before fifty thousand people. 
Bishop Leahy took him as his theologian to the First Vatican Council in 1870, and the following year he was sent as Visitor to the Dominican convents in America. He was besieged with invitations to preach and lecture. The seats were filled hours before he appeared, and his audiences overflowed the churches and halls in which he lectured. In New York he delivered the discourses in refutation of the English historian James Froude. 
In eighteen months he gave four hundred lectures, exclusive of sermons, the proceeds amounting to nearly $400,000. His mission was a triumph, but the triumph was dearly won, and when he arrived in Ireland on 7 March 1873, he was spent and broken.
During the next decade he preached in Ireland, England, and Scotland. 
He began the erection of the church in Tallaght in 1883, and the following May preached a series of sermons in the new Dominican church, London.
In June he returned to Tallaght in a dying condition, and preached his last sermon in the Jesuit church, Dublin, in aid of the starving children of Donegal. 
A few days afterwards he died. 
He is buried in the church of Tallaght, now a memorial to him.
Works.
Many of his lectures and sermons were collected and published in various editions in New York, as were also the four lectures in reply to Froude (1872) the latter with the title "The Case of Ireland Stated".

</doc>
<doc id="18692640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692640" title="Imperial (beer)">
Imperial (beer)

Imperial is a Costa Rican brand of beer, manufactured by the Florida Ice & Farm Company. Imperial was first produced by the Ortega brewery in 1924, and is now produced in the Cerveceria Costa Rica. The lager is one of the most popular beer consumed in Costa Rica along with Pilsen and Rock Ice.
Logo.
Its logo, which is a Costa Rican landmark, was designed by Enrique Hangen, who was at the time the owner of the advertising agency "Casa Grafica". 
Imperial is also known by Costa Ricans as "Aguila" or "Aguilita", which translates into English as "eagle" or "Little Eagle" in reference to its logo, which is the Imperial Eagle.
Product Information (12oz serving).
Calories-150 
Carbohydrates-13.845 grams 
Protein-3.59 grams 
Style-Dortmunder Lager
Alcohol Content-4.6% by volume 
IBU-16.5

</doc>
<doc id="18692644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692644" title="Quiarol Arzú">
Quiarol Arzú

Quiarol Lenín Arzú Flores (born 3 March 1985) is a Honduran football defender who currently plays for Hubei Huakaier in the China League One.
Club career.
Arzú began his professional career with Liga Nacional de Honduras side Platense in 2005. He has established himself as one of the top central defenders in Honduras. In February 2009, he went on trial to Chinese side Beijing Guoan alongside compatriot Hendry Córdova but the club decided not to sign them.
Arzú went on trial with D.C. United in early 2010 in hopes of securing a contract with the Major League Soccer club. He joined Marathón in summer 2011.
Arzú transferred to China League One side Hubei Huakaier in February 2013. He was released in June 2013.
International career.
Arzú was part of the U-23 Honduran national football team who was coached by Colombian trainer Alexis Mendoza but then coached by Gilberto Yearwood. The U-23 Honduran national football team were CONCACAF champions and qualified to the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Arzú made his senior debut for Honduras in an October 2010 friendly match against Guatemala and has, as of July 2012, earned a total of 3 caps, scoring no goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18692656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692656" title="Shipman (film)">
Shipman (film)

Shipman is a 2002 ITV television drama film, about the life and crimes of serial killer Harold Shipman. The film was directed by Roger Bamford and written by Michael Eaton.

</doc>
<doc id="18692658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692658" title="Regina Ovesey">
Regina Ovesey

Regina Haimo Ovesey (4 February 1921 – 13 December 2003) was an American advertising executive. She founded Ovesey & Company, and was the first female CEO of an agency recognized by the American Association of Advertising Agencies.
Ovesey was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She grew up in Los Angeles, and graduated from Stanford University. After founding Ovesey & Company in the 1940s, she ran Regina Ovesey, Inc. (later Ovesey Straus, Inc. and ultimately Ovesey, Berlow Straus, Inc.).
Her husband was noted psychoanalyst Lionel Ovesey. She died of lung cancer in Manhattan.
Selected publication.
Ovesey, Regina (1980). "The Last Word: Exploring Careers in Contemporary Communication." R. Rosen Press

</doc>
<doc id="18692669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692669" title="Bontnewydd Palaeolithic site">
Bontnewydd Palaeolithic site

The Bontnewydd Palaeolithic site is an archaeological site in Wales which has yielded the earliest known remains of Neanderthals in the region. It is located on the River Elwy, near the hamlet of Bont-newydd, Conwy. The site is sometimes referred to as "Pontnewydd", meaning 'Newbridge'.
Palaeolithic site.
Bontnewydd was excavated from 1978 by a team from the University of Wales, led by Dr Stephen Aldhouse Green. Teeth and part of a jawbone excavated in the cave in 1981 were dated to 230,000 years ago. The bone is from a Neanderthal boy approximately eleven years old.
Based on the morphology and age of the teeth, particularly the evidence of taurodontism (enlarged pulp cavities and short roots), the teeth are believed to belong to a group of Neanderthals who hunted game in the vale of Elwy in an interglacial period.
The site is the most north-western site in Eurasia for remains of early hominids and is considered of international importance. Other key paleolithic sites in the UK are Happisburgh, Pakefield, Boxgrove, Swanscombe, Kents Cavern, Paviland, and Gough's Cave.

</doc>
<doc id="18692672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692672" title="Abraham Moles">
Abraham Moles

Abraham Moles (1920–May 22, 1992) was an engineer of electrical engineering and acoustics, and a doctor of physics and philosophy. He was one of the first researchers to establish and analyze links between aesthetics and information theory.
He taught sociology and psychology at the Universities of Ulm, Strasbourg, San Diego, Mexico, Compiègne, and founded the 
Institute of Social Psychology of Communication in Strasbourg.

</doc>
<doc id="18692674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692674" title="Already Gone (Sugarland song)">
Already Gone (Sugarland song)

"Already Gone" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music duo Sugarland. It was released in September 2008 as the second single from their album "Love on the Inside", which was released on July 29, 2008. Sugarland's members, Kristian Bush and Jennifer Nettles, wrote the song with Bobby Pinson, with whom the duo also co-wrote two of their previous singles, "Want To" and "All I Want to Do".
Content.
"Already Gone" is a mid-tempo ballad set in triple meter, mostly accompanied by piano and mandolin, the latter of which is played by Bush. The female narrator describes her life and always passing the good moments by. The song describes the narrator's relationship with her mother and a relationship with her now ex-boyfriend and the final encounter she has with him before moving on.
According to "Country Weekly" magazine, Bobby Pinson met Nettles and Bush at their hotel in Buffalo, New York in the middle of their 2007 tour. Nettles and Bush played a melody that "sounds like ." Nettles added the final verse about her divorce from Todd Van Sickle.
Reception.
The 9513 critic Brady Vercher gave the song a "thumbs down" rating. Although said as "a little more substance" than its predecessor "All I Want to Do", he also thought that more emphasis was placed on constructing an interesting melody than creating a narrative that is anything more than average.
Music video.
A music video for the song was released on iTunes a few days before its official release to CMT and GAC on September 5, 2008. The video starts off with Nettles and Bush in a bed of old, vintage cars with a sunset in the background. It later captures a young girl in the driver's side of one of those cars, which turns out to be Nettles at the end. Nettles sings on the hood of one car, while Bush plays mandolin on the hood of a different car.
Chart performance.
The song debuted at #47 on the Hot Country Songs chart the week of the song's release on September 8, 2008. On the chart week of January 17, 2009, it became the duo's fourth Number One song in the U.S..

</doc>
<doc id="18692677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692677" title="Malcolm Messiter">
Malcolm Messiter

Malcolm Messiter (born 1949) is a British oboist, particularly well known for his recording of the virtuosic 'La Favorita' Concerto by Antonio Pasculli. He is the son of Ian Messiter, the creator of the BBC panel show, Just a Minute, and his wife Edith (née Senior).
Education.
Messiter began playing the oboe at the age of 15 whilst a student at Bryanston School in Blandford Forum, Dorset. His first oboe teacher was Douglas Heffer, who taught both the oboe and English at Bryanston. Messiter was extremely enthusiastic from the onset and was known to play chamber music concerts at the school almost every week. When first beginning the oboe, Heffer bought him an oboe, of which cost was put on the school bill, much to the surprise of his parents.
In 1967, after only learning the oboe for 2 years, Messiter won a scholarship to the Paris Conservatoire. Messiter studied in Paris with Pierre Pierlôt, before returning to London in 1969 to study with Sidney Sutcliffe at the Royal College of Music. Whilst there, he won the Joy Boughton, the Grade 5 and the R.A.O.S. Prizes as well as a Performers' A.R.C.M. with Honours.
He was featured soloist for the theme to BBC TV’s The Secret Garden (1975)

</doc>
<doc id="18692679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692679" title="David Woods">
David Woods

David Woods may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18692681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692681" title="Ovesey">
Ovesey

Ovesey is a surname and can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18692700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692700" title="Sal'it">
Sal'it

Sal'it (, "lit." Wheatear) is a moshav and Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located in the eastern Sharon plain around eight kilometres south of Tulkarm, it falls under the jurisdiction of Shomron Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 429.
The village was established in 1979 by the Mishkei Herut Beitar movement.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="18692718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692718" title="Daytona 500 (song)">
Daytona 500 (song)

"Daytona 500" is the second single by Wu-Tang Clan member Ghostface Killah, featuring The Force M.D.s, Raekwon, and Cappadonna from his 1996 solo debut album "Ironman". The title is taken from the most important and prestigious race on the NASCAR calendar: The Daytona 500. Released unofficially, the song didn't chart on any charts but is considered a longtime favorite among Wu-Tang fans. The song was later added to his greatest hits album, "Shaolin's Finest".
Music video.
To complement the fast-paced nature of the track, the music video for "Daytona 500" shot from October 1-2, 1996 and is composed of clips from the original anime series "Speed Racer". It is also one of the first anime music videos to be shown on a TV channel, and currently is one of the most popular anime music videos. In addition, it has been one of the earliest anime music videos ever made.
Reception.
Q magazine stated that "'Daytona 500' is a magnificent, fast-paced testing of skills with Raekwon and Cappadonna".
Samples.
The song contains samples from:

</doc>
<doc id="18692733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692733" title="Etz Efraim">
Etz Efraim

Etz Efraim (, "lit." Tree of Ephraim) is a mixed (religious and nonreligious) urban Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located between Ariel and Rosh HaAyin, it falls under the jurisdiction of Shomron Regional Council. As of 2013 the official number of families who live there is about 250. Yet, the numbers are about to increase with the populating of the two new neighborhoods, "Ramat Elkana", and the "Hrchava". 
The name “Etz Ephraim” symbolizes the location of the inheritance of the tribe of Ephraim. 
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="18692740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692740" title="Francisco Monterde">
Francisco Monterde

Francisco de Asís Monterde García Icazbalceta (b. Mexico City, August 9, 1894—d. Mexico City, February 27, 1985) was a prolific and multifaceted Mexican writer whose career spanned over fifty years. He was an important promoter of the arts and culture in Mexico in the years following the Revolution.
Bibliography.
His parents were Francisco de Asís Ángel María Monterde y Adalid and María Trinidad de los Dolores García Icazbalceta y Travesi de Monterde, aristocrats who both died when he was still young. He studied dentistry but never practiced. In 1924 he founded and edited the short-lived Mexican avant-garde cultural magazine "Antena". In 1925 he famously deciphered a letter that conquistador Hernán Cortés left written in code. He wrote, in addition to plays and poetry, various novels set in colonial Mexico, a genre known as "colonialista". In 1930 he created in conjunction with Alejandro Gómez Arias, the department of Mexican and Hispano-American Literature at the National Preparatory School. He was a founding member in 1938 of the Asociación Mexicana de Críticos de Teatro (AMCT). He belonged to the ""grupo de los siete autores"" (group of seven authors), a circle of dramatists active in the 1950s who revived the theatrical arts in Mexico. He was an admirer of José Juan Tablada and an imitator of the latter's haiku-inspired poetry (a style at the time referred to as "haikai"). He held important posts in the Ministry of Public Education. He was from 1922-65 a professor of Spanish and Latin-American literature at the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (UNAM), his alma mater (M.A. 1941, Ph.D. 1942). He served as subdirector of the Biblioteca Nacional de México; as head librarian of the Museo Nacional de Antropología e Historia (1931); and as director of the Imprenta Universitaria de la UNAM (UNAM University Press). He was director of the Centro Mexicano de Escritores from 1973-85. 
Monterde was a numerary member (seat 2) of the Academia Mexicana de la Lengua and served as its director from 1960-72.

</doc>
<doc id="18692764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692764" title="I Kissed a Girl (disambiguation)">
I Kissed a Girl (disambiguation)

"I Kissed a Girl" is the name of an international hit song by Katy Perry.
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18692781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692781" title="Hermesh">
Hermesh

Hermesh (, "lit." Scythe) is a communal village and an Israeli settlement in the western Samarian hills of the West Bank. Hermesh was founded in 1984 and falls under the jurisdiction of Shomron Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 202.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
History.
Hermesh (lit. scythe) was established in 1984 by the Herut Betar settlement organization. Most of the residents of Hermesh are secular Jews or non-Jews. More than half of the population are new immigrants, mainly from the former Soviet Union. Their motivation for living in the region is not ideology but quality of life.
On October 29, 2002, three residents of Hermesh, Orna Eshel (53), Hadas Turgeman (14), and Linoy Saroussi (14) were shot dead by a Palestinian gunman who entered the village armed with a Kalashnikov. A soldier and a resident were wounded in the attack. Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades claimed responsibility.
On June 20, 2005, a resident of Hermesh, Yevgeny Reider (28) was killed in a shooting attack near Baqa ash-Sharqiyya, in the northern West Bank. Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility for the attack.

</doc>
<doc id="18692787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692787" title="Greg Kelly (disambiguation)">
Greg Kelly (disambiguation)

Greg Kelly is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18692788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692788" title="Pier Bandstand (Weymouth)">
Pier Bandstand (Weymouth)

Pier Bandstand Weymouth is an Art Deco bandstand on the shore of Weymouth Bay in Dorset, England. Overall, of concrete, of steel, of electrical conduit, of neon tubing and 1,200 light bulbs were used during the course of construction.
Redevelopment.
As part of the regeneration of Weymouth and Portland, it was decided in 2007 that Weymouth's Esplanade will be redeveloped in time for the 2012 Olympic Games. The scheme could include the restoration and extension of the pier bandstand. The exterior's Art Deco features and symmetry would be restored, the ground floor converted into a café, restaurant and toilet facilities, and the upper floor extended out to sea with a curved wooden deck. The area in front of the bandstand would be redesigned into a 1930s-styled square, as the northern gateway to Weymouth Esplanade.
Important dates.
2000s.
The main entrance on the shoreward end of the pier is home to an amusement centre, gift shop and Chinese restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="18692789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692789" title="Cambridge University Council">
Cambridge University Council

The Council of the University of Cambridge is its principal executive and policy making body, having responsibility for the administration of the University, for the planning of its work, and for the management of its resources. Since the Regent House is the governing body of the University, however, the Council must report and be accountable to the Regents through a variety of checks and balances. It has the right of reporting to the University, and is obliged to advise the Regent House on matters of general concern to the University. It does both of these by causing notices to be published by authority in the "Cambridge University Reporter", the official journal of the University.
Membership.
Membership of the Council consists of the Chancellor and Vice-Chancellor of the University (the office of Chancellor, which is held for life, is mainly ceremonial, while the Vice-Chancellor is "de facto" the principal academic and administrative officer), nineteen elected members, and four appointed members, as follows:
Current constitution.
External Members.
From January 2005, the membership of the Council included two external members. The Regent House voted for an increase from two to four in the number of external members in March 2008, and this was approved by Her Majesty the Queen in July 2008.
Meetings.
The Council must meet at least twice per term.

</doc>
<doc id="18692797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692797" title="Pyotr Semyonovich Popov">
Pyotr Semyonovich Popov

Pyotr Semyonovich Popov (July 1923 - 1960) was a major in the Soviet military intelligence apparatus (GRU). He was the first GRU officer successfully recruited by the Central Intelligence Agency. Between 1952 and 1958, he provided the United States government with large amounts of information concerning military capabilities and espionage operations. Codenamed ATTIC, for most of his time with the CIA, Popov's case officer was George Kisevalter.
In 1953 Popov was a GRU officer stationed in Vienna, a case officer working against Yugoslavian targets. Popov first made contact in 1953 by slipping a letter into the parked car of a United States diplomat in Vienna, offering to sell Soviet documents. He seemed to be motivated by a deep anger at what he felt was government exploitation of the peasants of Russia, including his own family. Whilst stationed in Vienna, Popov was able to provide documents such as the 1951 Soviet army field regulations, and after a July 1954 home visit to the Soviet Union, information regarding Soviet nuclear submarines and guided missiles. 
In 1955 Popov was suddenly transferred to East Berlin to work with illegal agents being sent to the West. He continued to provide counterintelligence and military information. In April 1958 Popov told Kisevalter that a senior KGB official had boasted of having "full technical details" of the Lockheed U-2 spy plane, leading U2 project director Richard M. Bissell, Jr. to conclude the project had a leak. On 1 May 1960 a U-2 was shot down over the Soviet Union, in the 1960 U-2 incident. 
Popov was dismissed from the GRU in November 1958, and placed on reserve status. In January 1959, after incriminating evidence was found in his apartment, he was run as a double agent for three months. He was then arrested in October 1959, and sentenced to death in January 1960.
It was never proven how he was exposed, but one possibility is that US surveillance in October 1957 of one of Popov's agents led to suspicion falling on him. Reportedly, Margarita Nikolievska Tairov, an 'illegal' agent trained for work in the USA, was scheduled to meet another agent (in fact, her husband, Igor), identified as Walter Anthony Sjoa. Travelling as Mary Grodnik, she noticed she was under surveillance, allegedly all the way from Berlin Tempelhof Airport. (Certainly, her entirely innocuous behavior, and her husband's, including their abrupt disappearance, suggest they suspected something was amiss.) She reported this, and the matter was heavily investigated by Moscow. The investigation pointed to Popov, who had been the woman's control officer in East Berlin. He may also have been exposed by British double agent George Blake, who inadvertently learned the CIA was using a senior Soviet intelligence officer stationed in East Germany as a mole. Other sources indicate a coded letter to Popov, sent by the CIA and intercepted by the KGB, led to his arrest. (This may be a misunderstanding. Popov passed a letter to British intelligence, of which Blake became aware.) More recent evidence suggests Popov was already under suspicion prior to the Tairov incident, due to a leak of a private speech by Marshal Zhukov at which Popov was present.
Popov was executed by Soviet authorities in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18692802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692802" title="Björn Kopplin">
Björn Kopplin

Björn Kopplin (born 7 January 1989) is a German footballer who plays as a right back for Union Berlin.
Career.
Club career.
Kopplin was named in Bayern Munich's squad for the 2008–09 and 2009–10 UEFA Champions League. He was given the number 37 in the first team. On 13 June 2010, VfL Bochum announced that they had signed Kopplin for the following season.
International career.
Kopplin was part of the Germany squad that won the 2008 UEFA Under-19 Championship. Kopplin is member of the Germany U-20 team and played with the team at 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup and scored two goals in the Round of 16.

</doc>
<doc id="18692817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692817" title="Hinanit">
Hinanit

Hinanit (, "lit." Daisy) is a communal village and an Israeli settlement in the northern West Bank, under the jurisdiction of Shomron Regional Council. Hinanit is located just across the Green Line border with Israel in the northern West Bank's Jenin Governorate, and to the north abuts the Palestinian village of 'Anin, from which it is separated by Israel's West Bank barrier. It lies approximately 9 miles (15 km) west of Jenin city. In 2006 it had a population of 779. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
The village was established in 1981 by Mountain Jews from the Caucasus. Originally a moshav and a member of the Moshavim Movement, it was later converted to a communal settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="18692826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692826" title="Shaked">
Shaked

Shaked (, "lit." Almond) is a secular communal village and an Israeli settlement in the northern West Bank. It falls under the jurisdiction of Shomron Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 536.
Shaked is named for the wild almond trees that grow in the area. It was established in June 1981 by the Mishkei Herut Beitar organization, after the first ten homes were complete.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
In 2006, Israeli Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz cited Shaked as one of the settlements that would be included in Israel's final borders under a peace plan with the Palestinians.
In 2011, a resident of Shaked, 15-year-old Shahar Sagi, won a silver medal in the Loralux international judo competition in Luxembourg.

</doc>
<doc id="18692832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692832" title="John Zaremba">
John Zaremba

John Zaremba (October 22, 1908 – December 15, 1986) was an American actor most noted for supporting roles on science fiction films and TV series.
He was born in Chicago, Illinois. Before his acting career, he was a journalist for Grand Rapids Press and Chicago Tribune newspapers until 1949, when he moved to Hollywood. He died in Newport Beach, California.
Career.
Among his 139 appearances in films and television are the "Dragnet" TV series, "Earth vs. the Flying Saucers", "20 Million Miles to Earth", "Zorro" TV series, "Maverick" TV series, "Dennis the Menace" TV series, "Disneyland", "Sea Hunt", "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", "The Twilight Zone" TV series, "Burke's Law", "Perry Mason", "The Fugitive" TV series, "Lassie" TV series, "McHale's Navy" TV series, "Peyton Place" TV series, "Ben Casey", "The Munsters", "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea" TV series, "Batman" TV series (episode 7), "Daniel Boone", "The Time Tunnel", "The Invaders" original TV series, "The Virginian" TV series, "The Wild Wild West" TV series, "" original TV series, "Lancer", "The High Chaparral", "Land of the Giants", "The F.B.I.", "Get Smart" original TV series, "Ironside", "All in the Family", "Bonanza", "Herbie Rides Again", "Columbo", "SWAT", "Cannon", "The Streets of San Francisco", "Return to Fantasy Island" (1978), "Charlie's Angels" TV series, "Barnaby Jones", "Little House on the Prairie" and "Dallas". Zaremba was also the commercial spokesperson for Hills Brothers Coffee during the 1970s and early 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18692848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692848" title="Bob O'Reilly">
Bob O'Reilly

Bob O'Reilly is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s, 70s and 80s. An Australian international and New South Wales interstate representative prop forward, he played in the New South Wales Rugby League premiership, mainly for the Parramatta Eels, but also for the Eastern Suburbs Roosters and Penrith Panthers.
Nicknamed 'The Bear', O'Reilly also represented Australia on several occasions, including the Kangaroos' victory in the 1970 World Cup. Over a decade later O'Reilly was part of Parramatta's first ever premiership-winning team of 1981. He held the record for highest number of first grade games at 284 until overtaken by Geoff Gerard.

</doc>
<doc id="18692849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692849" title="FTSEurofirst 300 Index">
FTSEurofirst 300 Index

The FTSEurofirst 300 Index is part of the FTSEurofirst Index Series and the FTSEurofirst 300 Indices, which are tradable indices measuring the performance of European portfolios.
It is a capitalization-weighted price index which uses free-float. It measures the performance of Europe's largest 300 companies by market capitalization. It closely tracks the benchmark index, FT/S&P-AWI Europe and covers 70% of Europe's market cap. The base date is December 31, 1985.
This index has a number of sub-indices derived from it:

</doc>
<doc id="18692851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692851" title="Charlie Reilly">
Charlie Reilly

Charles Thomas Reilly (February 15, 1867 in Princeton, New Jersey – December 16, 1937 in Los Angeles, California), was a Major League Baseball infielder. He played eight seasons in the majors, between and , for the Columbus Solons, Pittsburgh Pirates, Philadelphia Phillies, and Washington Senators.
Reilly was the first of two players to have four hits that included two home runs in their first major league game. J.P. Arencibia is the only player in the baseball's modern era to equal this feat.

</doc>
<doc id="18692857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692857" title="List of Costa Rican politicians">
List of Costa Rican politicians

An incomplete list of notable Costa Rican politicians:

</doc>
<doc id="18692863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692863" title="Kemmelberg">
Kemmelberg

The Kemmelberg, also known as Kemmel Hill or Mont Kemmel, is a 156m high hill near Kemmel in the municipality of Heuvelland in West Flanders, Belgium.
During World War I, it was an important battle site. It was taken on 25 April 1918 by Germans (during the Battle of the Lys). Several streets (Kemmel-Privatweg in Magdeburg) and barracks (Kemmelkaserne in Murnau, 1935) in Germany were named after this event. Friedrich Bertram Sixt von Armin and Prince Franz of Bavaria were commanders, but Karl Höfer was celebrated as hero of Kemmelberg - "Held vom Kemmelberge". It was recaptured (during the Battle of the Peaks of Flanders) in late September 1918.
See also Kemmel Number 1 French Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery.
The steep cobbled road over the hill is often a decisive factor in the Gent–Wevelgem bicycle races, especially in the wet.

</doc>
<doc id="18692866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692866" title="Charlie Dexter">
Charlie Dexter

Charles Dana Dexter (June 15, 1876 in Evansville, Indiana – June 9, 1934 in Cedar Rapids, Iowa), was a Major League Baseball outfielder from -. He would play for the Louisville Colonels, Boston Braves, and Chicago Cubs. An alumnus of the , he committed suicide in Cedar Rapids by shooting in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="18692872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692872" title="Decidable sublanguages of set theory">
Decidable sublanguages of set theory

In mathematical logic, various sublanguages of set theory are decidable. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="18692875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692875" title="My Grandfather's Son">
My Grandfather's Son

"My Grandfather's Son A Memoir" is the 2007 memoir of Clarence Thomas, an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court.
The book spans all of Thomas's life to the present, beginning with his early childhood in the Deep South and his mother's decision to send him and his brother to be raised by her father and stepmother as she felt unable to care for them. He tells of his upbringing by his grandparents, his time in college and law school, and his career in government. Particular attention is focused on his Supreme Court confirmation hearings. The memoir discusses Thomas's emotional distress over divorcing his first wife, his intellectual evolution to conservatism, and the financial troubles that plagued him up through the late 1980s. It also includes a confession about his previously unknown struggle with alcohol.
"My Grandfather's Son" was praised for its frank tone and well-written style. However, it was also criticized as being too partisan for a sitting Supreme Court Justice and for over-emphasizing claims of victimhood. Much of the media attention centered around his chapters on the confirmation hearings, one of which was titled "Invitation to a Lynching." Thomas received a $1.5 million advance for the book, which hit number one on the "New York Times" non-fiction best-seller list.
Summary.
Thomas describes his life chronologically in "My Grandfather's Son". The early parts of the book are dominated by the impact his grandfather had on him, while sections describing his adulthood up to his Supreme Court appointment focus on overcoming personal demons without describing too much about his career. Following his confirmation to the Court, Thomas centers his writing on professional, ideological and judicial issues. The themes of race and self-reliance run throughout, and many issues are framed through one or both of those lenses.
Early life and education.
"My Grandfather's Son" begins with Thomas's birth, in rural Georgia in 1948, to Leola Anderson, a maid who earned $10 a week. Thomas's father abandoned the family when Thomas was a toddler. In first grade his mother sent him and his brother to live with his maternal grandfather, Myers Anderson, and his wife in Savannah. Anderson, who Thomas and his brother came to call "Daddy", ran a small fuel oil business and kept a strict household. Thomas struggled with racism and segregation throughout his childhood. He attended all black schools until the 10th grade, when Anderson paid for Thomas to attend a Catholic boarding school. Thomas, who had been an altar boy throughout his childhood, wanted to be a priest and was one of only two black students at the school. Upon graduating, he began studying to be a priest, but gave up at the age of 19 because he was disappointed with the church's stance on racism. As a result of Thomas dropping out of school, his grandfather kicked him from the house.
Thomas moved to Massachusetts to attend The College of the Holy Cross. One of his reasons for moving was the racism he had encountered as a child, and his belief that in the North he would be freed from that. Once there, he found Massachusetts to be plagued with latent racism and far from the utopia he had anticipated. Thomas excelled academically and socially at Holy Cross, graduating with honors and marrying his long-term girlfriend Kathy Ambush shortly after. He also began drinking steadily, a problem that would haunt him in later years. Thomas attended Yale Law School, graduating in 1974.
Early career.
After Yale, Thomas took a job as an assistant district attorney under John Danforth, then Missouri's Attorney General. "My Grandfather's Son" continues to follow Thomas's career, including a stint at the legal department of Monsanto Company and his 1979 move to Washington, D.C. to work for then-Senator Danforth. Throughout this period Thomas made an intellectual journey from libertarian to conservative, culminating in changing his party registration to Republican in 1980. In 1981 he joined the Reagan Administration's Department of Education as its Assistant Secretary of Education for the Office of Civil Rights, and in 1982 he was promoted to head of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
The main focus, however, is on Thomas's financial and emotional struggles. Although he says he was never an alcoholic, Thomas says that in the late 1970s and early 1980s his drinking became worse, and that he often drank while home alone. These confessions were the first time there had been any public suggestion that Thomas was a heavy drinker. Burdened by student loans and subsisting on low government salaries, Thomas had a difficult time financially, almost getting evicted from his apartment several times. In one incident, a car rental agent cut up Thomas's credit card in front of him. After falling out of love with his first wife, Thomas worried about the morality of leaving her and his child. 
Throughout most of this period Thomas was still estranged from his grandfather, and describes being haunted by the memory of Anderson kicking him out of the house. The two reunited briefly in 1983 when his step-grandmother was in the hospital, having a meaningful conversation and embracing at the end. The newfound closeness was short-lived, and Anderson died the next month of a stroke before Thomas had another chance to see him.
Around this point, Thomas describes himself regaining control of his life. In 1983, he quit drinking cold-turkey. In 1984, Thomas divorced his first wife, however his son moved in with him, which calmed Thomas's fears of abandoning his child as his father had left him. In 1987, he married his second wife, Virginia Lamp, with their marriage effectively ending his financial woes. In 1989, Thomas became a judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit.
Supreme Court confirmation and term.
Approximately a third of "My Grandfather's Son" is spent discussing Thomas's nomination and confirmation to the Supreme Court. Thomas says he was initially reluctant to become a Justice, but that when President George H. W. Bush asked him he felt obliged to accept. When the hearings began on September 1, 1991, Thomas expected them to center around race and claims to have had no advance information about Anita Hill's accusations. "My Grandfather's Son" goes through the hearings day by day, with Thomas defending himself against his accusers and criticizing their motives. Thomas says he learned of the accusations of sexual harassment by Hill over the weekend after the first five days of the hearings when a pair of FBI agents visited his home.
Critical reception.
William Grimes, in his book review for "The New York Times", describes Thomas' writing of his time at the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission under President Ronald Reagan (which, Grimes writes, made him an 'object of contempt and derision for mainstream civil rights organizations") as "adopting a defensive crouch, lashing out at his enemies, reopening old wounds and itemizing insults that should be forgotten." Grimes describes Thomas' treatment of the Anita Hill affair as a portrayal of "himself as a persecuted, almost Christlike figure singled out by the liberal establishment, at the behest of his civil rights enemies, not just for criticism but also for total annihilation."

</doc>
<doc id="18692876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692876" title="Deaconess Hospital">
Deaconess Hospital

Deaconess Hospital is a hospital in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma that is affiliated with Triad Hospitals. Until April 2005, Deaconess was the only independent hospital operating in the Oklahoma City metropolitan area. The hospital had been affiliated with the Free Methodist Church.

</doc>
<doc id="18692884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692884" title="USS Silverleaf (AN-68)">
USS Silverleaf (AN-68)

USS "Silverleaf" (AN-68/YN-92) was a which was assigned to protect U.S. Navy ships and harbors during World War II with her anti-submarine nets.
Constructed in Slidell, Louisiana.
"Silverleaf" (AN-68) was laid down on 3 February 1943 as "YN-92" by Canulette Shipbuilding Co. Inc., Slidell, Louisiana; launched on 11 December 1943; redesignated "AN-68" on 20 January 1944; and commissioned on 26 May 1944, Lt. A. W. Brown, Jr., USNR, in command.
World War II service.
On 6 June, "Silverleaf" sailed for Melville, Rhode Island, to hold her shakedown cruise from 13 to 30 June. She was in the Boston Navy Yard from 1 July to 29 August for post-shakedown availability. 
The net layer moved to New York City and sailed from there on 3 September with a southbound convoy. On the 10th, she was ordered to proceed independently to San Diego, California, via the Panama Canal.
"Silverleaf" arrived at San Diego on 3 October and operated between there and San Pedro, California, until departing for Pearl Harbor on 5 December 1944. She remained there until 5 February 1945 when she steamed for Eniwetok, Marshall Islands. The tender was then attached to the U.S. 5th Fleet for the assault and occupation of Iwo Jima; remaining there with Task Force 94 until 10 August. From 13 August until 20 November 1945, "Silverleaf" operated from Guam and Marcus Island. On the 20th, she sailed for San Pedro, California, via Pearl Harbor, for disposal, arriving on 1 January 1946.
Post-war inactivation.
"Silverleaf" was stripped for sale to the Republic of China Government, but the ship was in such poor condition that she was decommissioned on 18 April. She was struck from the Navy list on 5 June 1946 and sold to Joe Medina Enterprises, San Diego, California, on 31 March 1947 for scrap.
Honors and awards.
"Silverleaf" received one battle star for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="18692915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692915" title="Zong">
Zong

Zong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18692921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692921" title="Joe Sommer">
Joe Sommer

Joseph John Sommer (November 20, 1858 in Covington, Kentucky – January 16, 1938 in Cincinnati, Ohio), was a Major League Baseball outfielder from -. He played for the Cincinnati Reds, Cincinnati Red Stockings, Baltimore Orioles, and Cleveland Spiders.
Sommer and Jimmy Macullar unsuccessfully attempted to engineer the departure of Pop Corkhill and Chick Fulmer from the Reds in 1883, and as a consequence Sommer and Macullar were sent to Baltimore that offseason. There, they helped engineer a turnaround for the Orioles in 1884, which secured the status of manager Billy Barnie. Cincinnati replaced Sommer that season by signing Browns outfielder Tom Mansell, with a $400 raise as an inducement.
In 1886, Sommer set the record for the lowest single-season batting average (.209) by a player with 500 or more at-bats. His record was broken in 1888 by Al Myers of the Washington Nationals, who hit .207 that year.
In the 1880s, the New York Clipper praised Sommer as one of the strongest defensive outfielders in baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="18692929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692929" title="Jean-Marc Coicaud">
Jean-Marc Coicaud

Jean-Marc Coicaud is Professor of Law and Global Affairs, Director of the Division of Global Affairs at Rutgers University, and a Global Ethics Fellow at the Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs.
Career.
Prior to joining Rutgers, from 2010 to 2011, he served as the Director of the United Nations University (UNU) Office at the United Nations Headquarters in New York City. From 1996 to 2003, he was Senior Academic Officer and Director of Studies at the UNU Headquarters in Tokyo. Prior to joining UNU, from 1992 to 1996, he served in the Executive Office of the United Nations Secretary-General as a speechwriter for Boutros Boutros-Ghali. In the Spring of 1996, he also served as an adviser at the Guatemalan Office of the UN Department of Political Affairs.
A former fellow at Harvard University (Center for International Affairs, Department of Philosophy and Harvard Law School, from 1986 to 1992), Coicaud has held appointments such as Cultural Attaché with the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Legislative Aide with the European Parliament (Financial Committee). He has also been a Visiting Professor at the Ecole Normale Supérieure-Ulm in Paris and has taught at the New School for Social Research (New York). In addition, he has been a Senior Fellow at the United States Institute of Peace (Washington, D.C.), a Global Research Fellow at New York University School of Law and a Visiting Scholar at the School of Public Policy and Management of Tsinghua University (Beijing).
Jean-Marc Coicaud is serving on the advisory board of Global Policy Journal (London) and is a member of the Carnegie Council Advisory Board of Global Policy Innovations (New York).
Education.
Coicaud holds a Ph.D. in Political Science-Law from the University of Paris 1 Panthéon-Sorbonne and a Doctorat d'Etat in Political Theory from the Institut d'Etudes Politiques of Paris. He also holds undergraduate and graduate degrees in philosophy, literature and linguistics.
Publications.
Jean-Marc Coicaud has published books, chapters, and articles in the fields of comparative politics, political and legal theory, international relations and international law. His books are available in English, French, Japanese, Chinese, Spanish and Arabic, and include the following: 

</doc>
<doc id="18692939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692939" title="Cockpole Green">
Cockpole Green

Cockpole Green is a village in Berkshire, England. Part, including the original village green, lies within the civil parish of Hurley in the borough of Windsor and Maidenhead, and part within the civil parish of Wargrave in Wokingham Borough. Therefore, it is served by two unitary authorities.
The settlement lies near to the A321 road, and is situated approximately east of Henley-on-Thames. 

</doc>
<doc id="18692941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692941" title="Stag (barque)">
Stag (barque)

Stag was a barque built in Nova Scotia which was renowned for her speed. Designed by a pioneering Canadian naval architect Ebenezer Moseley, "Stag" was built with a dramatic "Aberdeen bow". Considered an Atlantic Canadian example of a Clipper Ship, she was famous for several fast passages, despite her small size, and was painted by the famous Nova Scotian ship portrait artist John O'Brien. 

</doc>
<doc id="18692956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692956" title="Sinan Alaağaç">
Sinan Alaağaç

Sinan Alaağaç (May 14, 1960 – November 24, 1985) was a goalkeeper of Eskişehirspor who dramatically died in pre-season training. Sinan was one of the best goalkeepers in his period of Turkish Football.

</doc>
<doc id="18692971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692971" title="Fernand Leblanc">
Fernand Leblanc

Fernand-E. Leblanc (1 July 1917 - 8 January 1996) was a Liberal party
member of the Canadian House of Commons and then the Senate of Canada. He was born in Montreal, Quebec and became a chartered accountant by career. He was also a councillor for the municipality of Saint-Hippolyte, Quebec prior to entering federal politics.
He was first elected at the Laurier riding in
a 10 February 1964 by-election, serving in the latter portion of the 26th Canadian Parliament. Leblanc was re-elected to consecutive terms at Laurier until 1979 when he was appointed to the Senate for the Saurel, Quebec division. Leblanc remained a senator until 1 July 1992.
Leblanc's funeral was held in Montreal on 12 January 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18692974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692974" title="Lepreum">
Lepreum

Lepreum (alternately named Lepreon or Lepreus) was an Ancient Greek city-state in Triphylia, a district of Elis (now part of the Elis regional unit). Located 40 Stadia away from the sea at the west end of Mount Minthi and based around two citadels (one at Agios Dimitrios, one at Phyrcus) and surrounded by an abundance of natural resources, Lepreum became an important city in the Classical and Hellenistic ages where it became the capital of the Triphylia region. The city has also been identified by some scholars as the mythical city of Aepy, a city described by Homer in the "Iliad" but never discovered. The ruins of ancient Lepreum have been excavated near the present village Lepreo.
Early history and golden age.
The earliest traces of habitation in the area are from the Neolithic period, with the inhabitants exploiting the area's natural resources and evidence of ties with the Aegean civilization. It was the site of a grove sacred to "Dione", the Goddess. Herodotus mentions that the city was originally one of 6 founded by the Minyans as a Hexapolis, with the area previously being inhabited by the Caucons. Shortly after the establishment of the city and following the First Messenian War Lepreum and the rest of the Triphylia region were subdued by the Eleians. In 421 BC, however, Lepreus and the other cities of Triphylia revolted against the Eleians with the assistance of Sparta, with the Eleians accepting Triphylian independence in 400 BC. With the weakening of Spartan power by their loss at the Battle of Leuctra in 371 BC the Spartans attempted to gain supremacy over Tryphilia, who responded by joining the recently-established Arcadian League for defence. 
During the Classical and Hellenistic ages Lepreum became the leading city of the Triphylia region, and was called a "blessed country" by Strabo; It controlled an area of high fertility, had both a good defensive position and mild climate thanks to the surrounding mountains and had easy access to both the Neda River and the sea. Due to its position in control of the roads linking Elis with Arcadia and Messenia Lepreum was the defacto capital of Triphylia and was the only city in Triphylia to send troops to the Battle of Plataea during the Greco-Persian Wars. A temple dedicated to Demeter was built during the classical period in the Acropolis and parts of it still stand today.
Later history and demise.
By 170 AD, when visited by Pausanias, the city had lost much of its power and influence, although it was still considered the capital of Triphylia. The city was finally abandoned between 800 and 1000 AD after a series of raids by pirates and barbarians.
Olympian raid.
The ancient Greek Olympics were a time of inter-city sporting competition, and as such an Olympic truce was maintained in which, during the Olympic games, any attacks by participant cities on other participant cities were forbidden. At one set of games, however, the fortress at Phyrcus was attacked by Spartan forces, who were subsequently fined 200,000 drachmas, a heavy fine in a period where the average wage of a skilled worker was 1 drachma a day.
Architectural style.
The early buildings in the city were built on a foundation of limestone and porous bedrock, with walls of mud bricks. The buildings were orientated on a north-south line, with doors on the north side to avoid the strong south winds.
Founding myths.
Lepreus, son of Pyrgeus (who was killed by Heracles) is considered by some to be the city's mythical founder, similar to the founding of Rome by Romulus and Remus. Other historians however assert that the city's name comes from the fact that the original settlers were afflicted with leprosy, while some claim that it was due to the presence of a temple of Zeus Leukaios (Of the White Poplar).

</doc>
<doc id="18692979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692979" title="Arnason">
Arnason

Arnason or Árnason is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Árni". In proper Icelandic names, it would be written with the "accent acute" over the initial Á. In Icelandic names, it is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18692980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692980" title="Reinhardt Strydom">
Reinhardt Strydom

Reinhardt Strydom (born 16 June 1977 in Cape Town) is a South African-born Irish cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman and a left-arm medium-fast bowler. He made his ODI debut for Ireland during their tour of Bangladesh in March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18692982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692982" title="Weymouth Pier">
Weymouth Pier

Weymouth Pier is a peninsula between Weymouth Harbour and Weymouth Beach, in Dorset, England. It was intended to extend Weymouth's esplanade, and consists of a theatre, Weymouth Pavilion; pleasure pier; car parking and a cross-channel ferry terminal. The entire site underwent redevelopment to include new facilities for the 2012 Olympic Games, including the Weymouth Sea Life Tower.
Early history.
There is little documented history to the origins of Weymouth Pier, though it is believed that a structure existed as early as 1812.
The new pier.
Costing £120,000 the pier was constructed [date?] in reinforced concrete, reaching a length of and varying between in width at the shoreward end and at the seaward end.
When built, the pier was divided into two halves. The southern side of the deck was reserved for commercial use, and was fitted out to load and unload cargo from harbour ships, including electric cranes, electrically operated capstans and two railway tracks. The pier was capable of handling one passenger vessel, three cargo vessels and two pleasure steamers simultaneously. 
The northern side, fenced off from the industrial section, was a promenade area. This included shelters, a diving stage, changing rooms, and at night the whole promenade area would be illuminated, with views across Weymouth Bay and Nothe Fort.
Redevelopment.
It was announced in 2006 that the Pavilion complex and of its surroundings will be entirely redeveloped from 2008 to 2011, in time for the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18692991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692991" title="Live at the Continental Club">
Live at the Continental Club

Live at the Continental Club is a live performance given by Sonic Youth in 1986. Many of the songs performed were from their new album (at the time) "EVOL".

</doc>
<doc id="18692992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18692992" title="Colthrop">
Colthrop

Colthrop is a village in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Thatcham. The settlement lies on the A4 road, and is the location of numerous industrial parks and haulage depots due to the area's proximity to Thatcham railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="18693000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693000" title="Vicente Aguilar Cubero">
Vicente Aguilar Cubero

Vicente Aguilar Cubero (April 5, 1808 – April 26, 1861) was a Costa Rican politician.
Biography.
He was the son of José Alejo Aguilar and Joaquina Cubero Escalante. He married on January 27 1839 with Maria Dolores Salazar y Aguado.
Cubero played an important role in the development of coffee production in Costa Rica on a commercial level in the country and in doing so became one of the richest men in the country. During several years he had a commercial society with Juan Rafael Mora Porras, President of the Republic from 1849 to 1859.
During his political career he has several positions, among them Magistrate of the Supreme Court of Justice, Vice-president of the Republic and President of the Congress (September-October 1856), Minister of Property, War, and the Navy (1859–1860), Second in designation to the Presidency (1860–1861) and then Secretary of Property, War and the Navy (1860–1861).

</doc>
<doc id="18693009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693009" title="Karim Rouani">
Karim Rouani

Karim Rouani (born 8 March 1982 in Bordeaux) is a French footballer of Moroccan origin who plays for Stuttgarter Kickers.
Career.
He left in January 2009 R.O.C. de Charleroi-Marchienne and moved to Olympique Safi.
He signed for Malaysian team Perak FA, a team in the Malaysia Super League for the 2013 season. He made his debut with Perak in February, in a league game against Terengganu FA. signed for Stuttgarter Kickers four months later.

</doc>
<doc id="18693012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693012" title="Charles de Ligne, 2nd Prince of Arenberg">
Charles de Ligne, 2nd Prince of Arenberg

Princely Count Charles of Arenberg, duke of Aarschot (jure uxoris), baron of Zevenbergen, knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece, (Vollenhove, 22 February 1550 – Enghien, 18 January 1616) was the second Princely Count of Arenberg and a leading aristocrat of the Habsburg Netherlands, who served as a courtier, soldier, minister and diplomat.
Background and early years.
Charles of Arenberg was the eldest son of Jean de Ligne and Margaretha von der Mark, countess of Arenberg. As his mother was the sister and sole heiress of Robert III von der Marck-Arenberg, the marriage contract of his parents stipulated that he would bear the title, name and arms of Arenberg. On 5 March 1576, Emperor Maximilian II raised his mother and her heirs to the rank of Princely Counts, thereby promoting them to the Council of Princes of the Imperial Diet. Apart from the immediate princely county of Arenberg, the family owned extensive properties in the duchy of Brabant (the lordships of Vorselaar, Loenhout and Humbeek), the duchy of Luxembourg (the lordship of Mirwart and half of Neufchâteau) and the county of Holland (the barony of Zevenbergen and the lordships of Terschelling and Naaldwijk).
At the age of ten, Charles of Arenberg was sent to the court of Albert V of Bavaria, where he would remain for three years. In 1566 he set out on a grand tour, visiting Paris, Lyon, Venice, Rome, Naples, Palermo, Malta, Florence and Strasbourg and studying law at the University of Bologna. He returned to the Netherlands shortly after the outbreak of the Dutch Revolt and the death of his father in the battle of Heiligerlee. His mother wanted him to stay neutral in the revolt and used her influence to have him sent on diplomatic missions. In 1570 he joined Archduchess Anna of Austria and her two brothers, the Archdukes Albert and Wenceslaus on their journey to the court of Philip II. From there, the king sent him on a mission to Charles IX of France to salute the birth of Marie Elisabeth of Valois. On his way back from a pilgrimage (1573) to Rome and Loreto, Charles of Arenberg accompanied the widowed Elisabeth of Austria from Nancy to the Imperial Court in Vienna (1575–1576). During his stay in Vienna Arenberg was raised to a princely county. In the mean time the rebellious States of Holland had confiscated his estates in 1572. After a brief restitution in 1577, they were once again seized in 1579. In the process these properties suffered considerable damage.
In service of the House of Habsburg.
On 27 April 1586, Charles of Arenberg was awarded the Order of the Golden Fleece. In the same year, he made his entry in the Collateral Councils that advised the governor-general. Philip II appointed him a member of the Council of State and one of the heads of the Council of Finance. The following year, he was among the delegation that met with the envoys of Queen Elisabeth I at Bourbourg in 1587, in a feigned attempt to end hostilities between England and Spain. At the accession of the Archdukes Albert and Isabella, Arenberg saw his loyalty to the House of Habsburg rewarded. He was maintained as a member of the Council of State (1598) and was appointed a gentleman of the archducal Bedchamber (1599), lieutenant-general and admiral of the Netherlands and president of the Council of Admiralty (1599) and finally grand falconer of the Netherlands (1600).
For the next few years, Charles of Arenberg acted as the Archduke's most prestigious ambassador. In 1598 he was among the delegation that went to Paris to witness the ratification of the Treaty of Vervins by Henry IV of France. He returned to the French Court two years later, to congratulate the king on his marriage with Marie de' Medici. In June 1603 Charles of Arenberg was sent on an embassy to congratulate King James VI and I upon his accession to the English throne. The mission was meant to pave the way for an end to the Anglo-Spanish War, but almost backfired when Arenberg was wrongfully accused of involvement in the Main and Bye Plots. The following year, he headed the archducal delegation that negotiated the Treaty of London.
Increasingly suffering from gout, Charles of Arenberg thereafter withdrew from active politics. In 1607 he and his wife bought the domain at Enghien from Henry IV of France. He recuperated the expense by selling off the Dutch possessions that had been restored to him by the Twelve Years' Truce. The lordships of Naaldwijk and Terschelling were among the goods that were sold. In order to make Enghien their principal seat, the Arenbergs rebuilt the castle and made many improvements to the gardens, with Robert Cecil's gardens at Theobalds House allegedly serving as an example. In the town of Enghien they founded a Capuchin monastery that would henceforth serve as the dynasty's necropolis.
Marriage and descendants.
Charles of Arenberg was the founder of the third and present House of Arenberg. On 4 January 1587 he married Anne de Croÿ, the eldest daughter of Philippe de Croÿ, 3rd duke of Aarschot. When his brother-in-law, Charles III de Croÿ, 4th duke of Aarschot, died without issue in 1612, most of his titles and estates passed to Anne and her descendants.
They had 12 children:

</doc>
<doc id="18693014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693014" title="Urban Military Academy">
Urban Military Academy

Urban Military Academy was a boarding and day school in Hollywood, California, for boys between the ages of six and fifteen, founded in 1905 by Mary McDonnell (on Melrose Avenue at Wilcox; it later moved to 11600 Beverly Blvd.) and at the time it opened "the only private school for boys in the City." Its commandant was Major Harry Lee Black, who in 1928 helped found Black-Foxe Military Institute on Urban's original site.
Among its well-known students were Jackie Coogan, John Coleman Burroughs, and John Meredyth Lucas.

</doc>
<doc id="18693021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693021" title="Stephen Francis Jones">
Stephen Francis Jones

Stephen Francis Jones (born 1961) is an American architect best known for his high-end restaurant designs and for being the owner of SFJones Architects, Inc.
Education.
Jones obtained an undergraduate degree at University of Florida, before moving to California to study for a Masters at UCLA.
Career.
After he completed his Master's degree, Jones was hired as the in-house architect at the Wolfgang Puck Food Company. In 1996, he left to start his own firm, SFJones Architects, Inc. His association with Puck continued, however, when his new firm was hired to design Puck's Spago in Beverly Hills. Jones continued to work for Puck's company's fine and casual dining branch, designing Chinois Las Vegas, the expanded dining room at Chinois' original Santa Monica location, as well as Wolfgang Puck Cafes in Canada, Kuwait and Japan. 
After completing Spago, Stephen Francis Jones designed Lucky Strike Lanes in Hollywood. Following the success of the original Lucky Strike, Jones was hired to create Lucky Strike alleys in Chicago, Toronto, Denver, St Louis, Orange County, Louisville, and South Beach. He also designed Big Al's in Vancouver, Washington; as well as Ten Pin Alley in Atlanta for Ashton Kutchner's Dolce Group. 
Jones has also designed two restaurants for Mike Ovitz: Hamasaku in West Los Angeles and Kumo, a sushi restaurant, also located in Los Angeles.
Other Jones projects of note include the Hump, the sushi bar overlooking the runway at the Santa Monica Airport, the re-model of the Century Plaza Hotel in Los Angeles and its restaurant, Breeze; the Murad Inclusive Health Center in El Segundo, California; the Veggie Grill, in El Segundo, California; a re-style of the Grill on the Alley restaurants, and several of the company's Daily Grills around the US.
Personal life.
Jones is married to urban planner Stephanie Eyestone-Jones. They have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="18693022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693022" title="Florentino Alfaro Zamora">
Florentino Alfaro Zamora

Florentino Alfaro Zamora (died 1871) was a Costa Rican politician.
Zamora was a leader of the 1842 rebellion against Francisco Morazán.
Born in Alajuela, Costa Rica, Florentino Alfaro Zamora would become both a militant and a politician through the course of his life until his death in 1871. In 1842 he was one of the leaders of the popular insurrection against Francisco Moazán Quesada however, in 1847 he was confined to Térraba under political grounds accompanied by his brother, the ex president José María Alfaro Zamora.
In 1856, he led an expedition to the basin of the San Juan River during the Central American War against William Walker’s filibusters, (irregular soldiers). On the 10th of April, his troops were engaged in combat with filibusters who had invaded Costa Rica on via the margins of the Sardinal River, tributary of the Sarapiquí River. Costa Ricans conquered and obligated the invaders to retreat, nevertheless suffered numerous casualties which terminated their advance.

</doc>
<doc id="18693031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693031" title="Ke Keno Kibhabe">
Ke Keno Kibhabe

“Ke Keno Kibhabe” Why How is the 161st novel by Qazi Anwar Hussain in the Masud Rana series of spy novels, published in August 1989.
Plot summary.
Someone is stealing US$ five million in front of everyone's eyes and after letting everyone know of the theft from Mido Steel Consortium. But no one knows 'Who' is doing this, 'Why' is the computer doing hiccups, and 'How' can the money be consumed by the thief or thieves.
So baroness Lina calls up Masud Rana to solve the mystery. Will he be able to uncover the criminals? or will he be killed by the criminals?

</doc>
<doc id="18693042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693042" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1894–1896">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1894–1896

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 16 July 1894 to 27 July 1896. The chamber had 21 seats made up of seven provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. As this was the first election of the Legislative Council under responsible government in Western Australia, following the passage of the "Constitution Act Amendment Act 1893", all seats were vacant at the time of the election, and therefore the candidate with most votes in each province was elected for six years, the second-most for four years and the third-most for two years.

</doc>
<doc id="18693047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693047" title="The Motor Cycle (magazine)">
The Motor Cycle (magazine)

The Motor Cycle was one of the first British magazines about motorcycles. Launched by Iliffe and Sons Ltd in 1903, its blue cover led to it being called "The Blue 'un" to help distinguish it from its rival publication "Motor Cycling" but the covers eventually used a variety of different background colours after 1962. Selling for eightpence in the 1950s, many issues had the strapline "Circulated throughout the World".
Features.
Noted for detailed road tests of contemporary motorcycles and articles on readers' bikes, the magazine had regular features, including "Current Chat" and "Letters to the Editor" where many of the key issues relating to British motorcycling of the day were debated. The contributors often signed their pieces with pseudonyms such as 'Torrens' and the famous 'Ixion'.
Recent History.
From 1962, 'The' was dropped from the title, being then simply know as "Motor Cycle". Regular features developed such as 'On the Four Winds' by 'Nitor' and 'Racing Line' by David Dixon in addition to many different trends, with a readers' write-in 'Help Club', technical articles, stripdowns and repair sequences, new model analysis, practical road riding, accessories, clubs and rallying. 
As a magazine-format, space was limited and although road-race and off-road sport reporting was always present, Motor Cycle enjoyed a reputation more as a technically-based periodical. 
1967 saw a merger with some elements of underperforming rival Motor Cycling which had already changed to broadsheet newspaper format in 1962, leaving Motor Cycle as a compact magazine with limited page-space.
With the merger came the opportunity to change into newspaper format. Harry Louis, Editor of Motor Cycle, stated in the last magazine format dated 3 August 1967:
"You'll get it a day earlier, on Wednesdays. The printing will be by the latest process, web-offset, which gives much brighter reproduction of pictures than has been possible in the past.
With about twice as much space as in this issue, the new "Motor Cycle" brings you all the features you expect plus much more extensive coverage of sport and news."
Traditionally, Motor Cycling had a sporting-bias whilst Motor Cycle had more of a technical grounding. Under the new venture "Motor Cycle incorporating Motor Cycling", former Motor Cycling Editor Norman Sharpe was installed as the new Editor with Harry Louis enjoying the title of Editor-in-Chief 
Louis stated in his first-page article of the last magazine-format of Motor Cycle: 
"Besides bringing two famous, long-established publications together, we are uniting the star writers on both into one team operating from Dorset House.
These enthusiasts who, basically all-rounders but with specialized interests when they punch their typewriters, form the most experienced, knowledgeable and liveliest bunch of motor-cycling journalists ever in our field."
Some staff transferred over to the new venture. Particularly successful was Mick Woollett who became Sports Editor, eventually progressing to Editor of Motor Cycle which was later renamed Motor Cycle Weekly. Woollett then was involved in The Classic Motor Cycle and other projects under IPC magazines.
The two publications continued as one in the newspaper format, initially under the name "Motor Cycle Incorporating Motor Cycling" under Motor Cycle publishers Iliffe Specialist Publications Ltd. 
Stalwart 'Motor Cycle' staffman David Dixon – a specialist road-race and road-test reporter and successful endurance racer – continued-on with the merged staff from 1967 bút by 1973 had left to establish his own retail concern – "Dixon Racing". Specializing in importing to the UK tuning products for the rapidly-expanding Japanese superbike range, he established a long-standing arrangement with Yoshimura, with products initially concentrated on the Honda CB350, CB500 and CB750 machines. By the end of the same decade, Dixon Racing became the UK concessionaires (importer) for the early Bimota frame kits – 'KB1' for Kawasaki 1000, 'SB1' for Suzuki 1000 and 'HB2' for Honda 900 donor engines.
Fate.
Motor Cycle Weekly continued as newspaper-format until 1983 when it reverted to magazine-format under editor (former road-tester) Graham Sanderson. After less than a year as a 'glossy' it was closed. 
Some former staff established "Motor Cycling Weekly", in a newspaper format, during late November 1983. Echoing the change in 1967 when Motor Cycle ceased as a Thursday publication to match rival Motorcycle News on Wednesdays, Motor Cycling Weekly was pitched to reach the newsstands on Tuesday, having the strapline "First with the news...and first every week!".
Issues were sold in the UK during late 1983 and 1984 before abandonment of the project. One of the main contributors was Nick Harris, who later became a successful motor sport television commentator.

</doc>
<doc id="18693051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693051" title="Alejandro Alvarado García">
Alejandro Alvarado García

Alejandro Alvarado García (January 9, 1839 – September 11, 1922) was a Costa Rican politician.

</doc>
<doc id="18693064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693064" title="Apolinar de Jesús Soto Quesada">
Apolinar de Jesús Soto Quesada

Apolinar de Jesús Soto Quesada (July 23, 1827 - July 13, 1911) was a Costa Rican politician and soldier. He was born on 23 July 1827 in Alajuela, Costa Rica, to Bernardo Soto Herrera and Josefa Quesada González. He married Joaquina Alfaro Muñoz on 23 April 1849 in Alajuela, with whom he had two children: Bernardo Soto Alfaro, President of the Republic from 1885 to 1890, and José María Soto Alfaro, presidential candidate in 1919.
He followed a career in the army and rose to the rank of General in the Costa Rican army. A supporter of President Tomás Guardia Gutiérrez, he was a member of the Consejo de Estado (Council of State) from 1880 to 1882. Subsequently, during the terms of his son Bernardo Soto Alfaro, on whom he exercised enormous influence, he held positions of great importance. He was Second Designate to the Presidency from 1885 to 1886, First Designate to the Presidency from 1886 to 1890, and Secretary of War and Navy from 1886 to 1887 and from 1888 to 1889. 
In his native city he was called "Tepezcuintle". He died in Alajuela, Costa Rica, on 13 June 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="18693080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693080" title="Johnny Araya Monge">
Johnny Araya Monge

Johnny Francisco Araya Monge (born April 29, 1957) is a Costa Rican politician. He has been the mayor of the country's capital San José from 1998 to 2001 and again since 2003. Moreover, he was the Co-President of the United Cities and Local Governments (UCLG) from 2010 to 2013. He is a member of the National Liberation Party (PLN) and its presidential candidate in the 2014 election.
Early life, formation and professional activity.
Johnny Araya was born in 1957. He is the nephew of Luis Alberto Monge, who was President of Costa Rica from 1982 to 1986. Araya graduated from the University of Costa Rica's Faculty of Agronomy in 1980. He worked as an agronomic engineer for many years. Elected councilor of the City of San José for the first time in 1982, he participated in the Harvard Institute for International Development's one-month program for mayors of Latin America and the Caribbean in 1992. 
Mayor and international organizations official.
He has been mayor of the city between 1998 and 2001 and since 2003. He is also holding several other political posts: he is Member of the National Assembly, the National Policy Board, the San José Provincial Assembly and the San José Canton Assembly.
Very active on the international stage, he has been: Vice-president of the Union of Ibero-American Capital Cities (UCCI), representing the region of Central America, Mexico and the Caribbean from 1996 to 2000 and from 2004 to 2006; President-delegate and member of the Bureau of the World Federation of United Cities (FMCU); Vice-president of the Executive Committee of the UCCI from 2004 to 2006; Co-president of the UCCI from 2006 to 2008 and again Vice-president from 2010 to 2012.
Inside the UCLG, Johnny Araya was a member of the Executive Committee of its Latin American regional section, the "Latin American Federation of Cities, Municipalities and Associations of Local Governments" (FLACMA) from 2004 to 2006; member of the World Council of UCLG from 2004 to 2007; FLACMA Co-president from 2006 to 2012; and finally UCLG Co-president for the 2010–2013 term.
Presidential candidacy.
On 31 January 2013, the PLN nominated him as its presidential candidate to succeed his incumbent party colleague, President Laura Chinchilla who is constitutionally barred from re-election.
Favored to win, Araya's campaign staff "guaranteed a triumph in the first round." Araya fell short, gaining 29.6% of the vote, coming in second to Luis Guillermo Solís, who gained 30.9%. Araya's support was limited to the rural provinces of Guanacaste, Puntarenas and Limón, where the PLN maintains a strong party support system.

</doc>
<doc id="18693084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693084" title="Florian Côté">
Florian Côté

Florian Côté (17 May 1929 - 29 January 2002) was a Liberal party
member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Sainte-Brigitte-des-Saults, Quebec and became a farmer by career.
He was first elected at the Nicolet—Yamaska riding in a 19 September 1966 by-election. In the next federal election in 1968, he was elected at Richelieu, and re-elected two more times there in the 1972 and 1974 federal elections. Côté left federal politics after completing his term in the 30th Canadian Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="18693095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693095" title="Rolando Araya Monge">
Rolando Araya Monge

Rolando Araya Monge (Born August 20, 1947) is a Costa Rican socialist politician. He is a nephew of former president Luis Alberto Monge.
Biography.
Rolando Araya went to school in Palmares, the place he was born, and at the Lincoln Park High School, Michigan. In 1970 after his university career at the University of Costa Rica, he graduated as an engineer.
Just four years later he was elected as congressman in Alajuela. Another year passing by, he became President of the Juventud Liberacionista, the youth organization of the PLN, one of the major parties in Costa Rica. In 1978 he also became Vice-President of the supranational youth organization International Union of Socialist Youth.
Only after another four years, Araya entered the cabinet of his uncle President Luis Alberto Monge as minister for public building and transportation. Two years later he left the government for becoming general secretary of his party PLN. 1993 he decided to run for presidency, but failed in the party-intern competition. 1995 he finally was elected as president of the PLN, a year later Rolanda Araya became the honor to serve as Vice-President for the Socialist International.
2002 Araya was running for presidency again, this time he succeeded in the party-intern election. Finally, Arraya lost the election.
Rolando Araya was one of the founders of the socialist movement Frente Socialdemócrata Costarricense.

</doc>
<doc id="18693096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693096" title="List of awards and nominations received by Pearl Jam">
List of awards and nominations received by Pearl Jam

Pearl Jam is an American alternative rock band that formed in Seattle, Washington in 1990. Since its inception, the band's line-up has included Eddie Vedder (lead vocals, guitar), Jeff Ament (bass guitar), Stone Gossard (rhythm guitar), and Mike McCready (lead guitar). The band's current drummer is Matt Cameron, formerly of Soundgarden, who has been with the band since 1998. Pearl Jam signed to Epic Records in 1991. Pearl Jam's debut studio album, "Ten", broke the band into the mainstream. The single "Jeremy" received Grammy Award nominations for Best Rock Song and Best Hard Rock Performance in 1993. Pearl Jam received four awards at the 1993 MTV Video Music Awards for its music video for "Jeremy", including Video of the Year and Best Group Video. "Ten" was ranked number 207 on "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time, and "Jeremy" was ranked number 11 on VH1's list of the 100 greatest songs of the '90s.
The band's second studio album, "Vs.", released in 1993, was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rock Album in 1995. From "Vs.", the song "Daughter" received a Grammy nomination for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal and the song "Go" received a Grammy nomination for Best Hard Rock Performance. In 1994, the band released its third studio album, "Vitalogy". The album received Grammy nominations for Album of the Year and Best Rock Album in 1996. "Vitalogy" was ranked number 492 on "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. The lead single "Spin the Black Circle" won a Grammy Award in 1996 for Best Hard Rock Performance. Pearl Jam has subsequently released "No Code" in 1996, "Yield" in 1998, "Binaural" in 2000, "Riot Act" in 2002, the eponymous "Pearl Jam" in 2006, and "Backspacer" in 2009. The songs "Do the Evolution" (from "Yield") and "Grievance" (from "Binaural") both received Grammy nominations for Best Hard Rock Performance. Pearl Jam's contribution to the 2003 film "Big Fish", "Man of the Hour", was nominated for a Golden Globe Award in 2004. The band was placed at number 21 on VH1's list of the 100 greatest artists of hard rock.
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony created by Dick Clark in 1973. Pearl Jam has received five awards from nine nominations.
Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards.
The Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards are awarded annually by the Broadcast Film Critics Association. Pearl Jam has received one nomination.
Esky Music Awards.
The Esky Music Awards are awarded annually by "Esquire" magazine. Pearl Jam has received one award from one nomination.
Golden Globe Awards.
The Golden Globe Awards are awarded annually by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association. Pearl Jam has received one nomination.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Pearl Jam has received one award from fourteen nominations.
Juno Awards.
The Juno Awards are awarded annually by the Canadian Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Pearl Jam has received one nomination.
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards are awarded annually by MTV. Pearl Jam has received four awards from seven nominations.
mtvU Woodie Awards.
The mtvU Woodie Awards are awarded annually. Pearl Jam has received one nomination.
Radio Music Awards.
The Radio Music Awards are awarded annually. Pearl Jam has received one nomination.
World Soundtrack Awards.
The World Soundtrack Awards are awarded annually by the World Soundtrack Academy. Pearl Jam has received one nomination.
Miscellaneous awards and honors.
Also, on 22 September 2011, a new species of insect was named , to 'celebrate the 20th anniversary of Pearl Jam', by (2011): A new species of "Paramaka" Savage & Domínguez, 1992 (Ephemeroptera: Leptophlebiidae: Atalophlebiinae) from Brazil. "Zootaxa", 3038: 45–50. Preview

</doc>
<doc id="18693102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693102" title="Isaac Felipe Azofeifa">
Isaac Felipe Azofeifa

Isaac Felipe Azofeifa (11 April 1909 – 3 April 1997) was a Costa Rican poet, politician and educator.
Azofeifa is considered one of the most important Costa Rican poets of the twentieth century.
Biography.
He was born in Santo Domingo de Heredia, Costa Rica in 1909.
In 1929 he entered the Instituto Pedagógico de Santiago de Chile (Pedagogical Institute of Santiago), where he became Professor of State in Castilian. He became a member of the "Runrunismo" group where he met poets such as Pablo Neruda, Juvencio Valle and Pablo de Rokha. In 1935 he returned to Costa Rica and it dedicated his life to literature, the education and politics. He won second place in a contest to write a diary of Costa Rica. From 1943 until his retirement, he was professor of Literature in the University of Costa Rica.
He spent many years reading literature, and published his first poem book, "Truncates Unit" in 1958. He then went on to publish "Vigilia en pie de muerte" (1962), "Canción" (1964), "Estaciones" (1967) and "Días y territorios" (1969), among others.
Azofeifa obtained important distinctions and prizes: Academic of the Language; National prize of Poetry and in 1980 the National Prize of Culture, MAGON. Azofeifa was one of the main founders of social democracy, most notably, one of the founders of the National Liberation Party. He was ambassador of Costa Rica in Chile during the Orlich administration and in the USSR, during the Monge administration. both administrations of the National Liberation Party.
In 1989, he founded the Progress Party, for which he was running for president of Costa Rica. Later he founded the Democratic Force. Both new parties center-trend.
He died in April 1997 at the age of 87.

</doc>
<doc id="18693113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693113" title="Motor Cycling (magazine)">
Motor Cycling (magazine)

Motor Cycling was one of the first British motorcycle magazines. Launched in 1910, the front covers often had varying degree of green background, green or contrasting text and B&W illustrations or photographic images. This common theme resulted in almost a 'trademark' appearance, being called "The Green 'un", distinguishing it from its rival publication "The Motor Cycle" which had variation on blue background colouring with contrasting text and images ("The Blue 'un").
Early years.
The editor from 1938, Graham Walker, was a dispatch rider in the First World War and had a successful racing career with Rudge, Sunbeam, and Norton, winning the Ulster Grand Prix in 1928. He rode many times in the Isle of Man TT, winning the lightweight (250cc) class in 1931, and became president of the TT Riders Association. He was also the father of racing commentator Murray Walker. 
Many issues throughout the 1940s and 1950s had the strapline "Read wherever motorcycles are ridden!"
Later years.
In 1959 it became "Motor Cycling with Scooter Weekly". The magazine continued until 1962 when it changed to newspaper format, later merging in 1967 with "Motor Cycle" which had hitherto remained as magazine format.
Traditionally, Motor Cycling had a sporting-bias whilst Motor Cycle had more of a technical grounding. In his first-page article of the last magazine-format of Motor Cycle dated 3 August 1967, Editor-in-Chief of the new venture Harry Louis stated: 
""Besides bringing two famous, long-established publications together, we are uniting the star writers on both into one team operating from Dorset House."
"These enthusiasts who, basically all-rounders but with specialized interests when they punch their typewriters, form the most experienced, knowledgeable and liveliest bunch of motor-cycling journalists ever in our field.""
The two publications continued as one in the newspaper format, initially using the name "Motor Cycle Incorporating Motor Cycling" under Motor Cycle publishers Iliffe Specialist Publications Ltd. 
""The printing will be by the latest process, web-offset, which gives much brighter reproduction of pictures than has been possible in the past. With about twice as much space as in this issue, the new "Motor Cycle" brings you all the features you expect plus much more extensive coverage of sport and news"."
Motor Cycling was dropped from the title. Some staff had transferred over to the new venture, whilst others went freelance, such as former staff-writer and racing enthusiast Bruce Main-Smith who had a very successful career including as a publisher of his own motorcycling books which business he sold, including rights to use the name, in 1991 when retiring. This business still operates using the name "Bruce Main-Smith & Company Ltd." as of 2013.
Mick Woollet stayed, becoming Sports Editor, eventually progressing to Editor of Motor Cycle which was later renamed "Motor Cycle Weekly" prior to closure in 1983. Woollett was already involved in The Classic Motor Cycle and went on to other projects under IPC magazines and IPC Press.
A publication having a similar name – "Motor Cycling Weekly," in the newspaper format – was established by some former staff after closure of Motor Cycle/Motor Cycle Weekly including Nick Harris, who later became a motor sport television commentator. Several issues only were sold in the UK during late 1983 and early 1984 before abandonment of the project.

</doc>
<doc id="18693115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693115" title="Bernardo Rodríguez y Alfaro">
Bernardo Rodríguez y Alfaro

Bernardo Rodríguez y Alfaro (b. August 20, 1781) was a Costa Rican politician and signer of the Act of Independence of Costa Rica.
Personal life and background.
Born in Heredia, Costa Rica, on August 20, 1781, he married on June 17, 1804 in Barva.
Career.
In October 1821 he was appointed representative of the City Council of Barva on the Board of Legacy of the councils which met at Cartago from October 25–26, 1821 to discuss the independence of Costa Rica from Spain. Then on October 29, 1821 he signed the Act of Independence of Costa Rica. 
From April 16–30, 1823 he represented the town of Barva in the Constituent Congress chaired by José María de Peralta y La Vega.

</doc>
<doc id="18693118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693118" title="Zenon de Souza Farias">
Zenon de Souza Farias

Zenon de Souza Farias (born March 31, 1954) is a former Brazilian football (soccer) player who played for Avaí, Guarani, Corinthians, Atlético Mineiro and Portuguesa. He was born in Tubarão, Santa Catarina.
He was a skilled Central Midfielder with a great vision of the field, excellent long passes and was one of the best free kick takers in Brazil during the 1980s. He captained Brazil when they lost 2-0 at home to England in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18693127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693127" title="Bright Chimezie">
Bright Chimezie

Bright Chimezie (born 1 October 1960), also known as Okoro Junior, is a Nigerian highlife musician. His type of music, popularly known as "zzigima", became widely available in Nigeria from the early 80s.

</doc>
<doc id="18693149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693149" title="Manuel Antonio Bonilla Nava">
Manuel Antonio Bonilla Nava

Manuel Antonio Bonilla Nava (October 15, 1806, Cartago, Costa Rica - 1880) was a Costa Rican politician. His parents were Félix de Bonilla y Pacheco and Catalina de Nava López del Corral, the daughter of the Spanish Governor José Joaquín de Nava y Cabezudo. In San José, Costa Rica, May 16, 1830 he married Jesús Carrillo y Morales, the daughter of Basilio Carrillo Colina and Jacinta Morales y Saravia, the niece of Braulio Carrillo Colina, head of state from 1835 to 1837 and from 1838 to 1842.

</doc>
<doc id="18693154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693154" title="Walter Bernard Smith">
Walter Bernard Smith

Walter Bernard Smith (26 March 1912 - 3 October 1987) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Hemmingford, Quebec and became a customs officer and merchant by career.
He was first elected at the Saint-Jean riding in
the 1968 general election. Smith was re-elected in the 1972 and 1974 federal elections, then left federal politics after completing his term in the 30th Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="18693164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693164" title="Miguel de Bonilla y Laya-Bolívar">
Miguel de Bonilla y Laya-Bolívar

Miguel de Bonilla y Laya-Bolívar (1763–1826) was a Costa Rican Roman Catholic priest and politician. He was one of the signatories of the Costa Rican Declaration of Independence.
Bonilla was baptized in Cartago, Costa Rica on September 30, 1763. His parents were Sargent Major Andrés de Bonilla y Sáenz and María Gertrudis de Laya-Bolívar y Miranda. José Santiago de Bonilla y Laya-Bolívar, president of Costa Rica's governing junta in 1822, was his brother.
Bonilla was ordained as a priest in Guatemala. He was in charge of several parishes in Costa Rica and was the proprietor of valuable ranching property. He was called by the nickname "Padre Tiricia" (Father Jaundice), apparently because he suffered from the disease.
The "ayuntamientos" of the town of Bagaces, the city of Esparza, and several indigenous peoples designated Bonilla in October 1821 as their representative in the "Junta de Legados de los Ayuntamientos" that met in Cartago on October 25–26, 1821 to discuss Costa Rica's independence from Spain. On October 29, 1821, he attended the session of the ayuntamiento of Cartago en which the Costa Rican Declaration of Independence was ratified.
He was one of the members of the Costa Rican republican party during the era of independence. He was in the neighborhood of Cartago's parish church when the royalist coup of March 29, 1823 was announced. One of the supporters of the empire, the Catalan Juan Freses de Ñeco, son-in-law of the royalist military commander Joaquín de Oreamuno y Muñoz de la Trinidad, shouted, ""Padre Tiricia" returns, because we will kill him!" ("¡Ese padre Tiricia que se vuelva, porque lo matamos!"), and immediately shot him with a bullet that pierced his cassock. Bonilla walked to Alajuela with Rafael Francisco Osejo, president of the toppled government, and there they convinced Gregorio José Ramírez y Castro to command the republican forces, who defeated the royalists in the Battle of Ochomogo the following April 5.
Bonilla died of a heart attack in Cartago, Costa Rica, in August 1826.

</doc>
<doc id="18693165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693165" title="Finnbogason">
Finnbogason

Finnbogason is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Finnbogi" ( = Finn bow, Finnish bow ). In Icelandic names the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. People with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="18693168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693168" title="Enermodal Engineering">
Enermodal Engineering

History.
Enermodal Engineering was found in 1980 by three University of Waterloo graduates including current president Stephen Carpenter. Initially the firm focused on developing software to assess renewable energy systems and building energy usage. This work included software to analyze the energy performance of windows; this software became the tool to rate windows to NFRC and CSA window standards. 
Enermodal Engineering is Canada’s largest consulting firm exclusively dedicated to green buildings and communities. With a professional staff of experts in the area of green and energy efficient buildings and specialists based in Kitchener, Calgary, Edmonton, Winnipeg, and Toronto, Enermodal is working on sustainability projects worth over $5 billion. For 30 years, Enermodal has been an industry leader, pioneering some of the most innovative yet practical green building technologies including rainwater cisterns, onsite biofiltration, radiant cooling, building renewable energy systems, and variable refrigerant flow systems. Enermodal’s success is rooted in a hands on and technical understanding of building systems and energy use.
Enermodal is the foremost LEED consulting firm, with Enermodal delivering the LEED 2009 Rating System, employees serving as LEED Faculty members, and President Stephen Carpenter appointed chair of the Technical Advisory Committee. This first hand knowledge of LEED is an important contributor to Enermodal’s record-breaking 250 LEED projects across North America. Additionally, Enermodal is responsible for 45% of all LEED Canada certified buildings.
Enermodal has provided LEED services for Canada’s premier green buildings including the Toronto Region Conservation Authority’s Restoration Services Centre (first Platinum certification in Ontario), Fifth Town Cheese (first Platinum industrial certification), Currie Barracks (first Canadian Stage 2 LEED-ND certification), and the RBC Centre (largest LEED project in Canada). Enermodal also designed its new headquarters, A Grander View, to achieve three LEED Platinum certifications and become Canada’s most energy-efficient office.
In 1991, the firm designed and managed the construction of the Waterloo Green Home–a winning entry in The Canadian federal government Advanced Houses competition. The house was widely viewed as one of the best examples of residential green buildings and was the subject a book, Green Home, by Wayne Grady.
Enermodal continued with its work in green buildings by designing and occupying of the first green office building in Canada in 1996. Green on the Grand in Kitchener, Ontario was a winning design under the Canadian government’s C2000 program that promoted green office buildings. With an annual energy use of just over 100 kWh/m2, Green on the Grand is still one of the most efficient office buildings in Canada. Another Enermodal building is the University of Ottawa Biology Building, which achieved 70% energy savings and was given several energy efficiency awards.
With their success in green building design, the firm began designing and certifying buildings to the LEED Green Building Rating System in 2004 (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design). The firm successfully certified the first building (Stratus Winery) under the Canadian version of LEED. To deal with growing demand for their services, Enermodal opened offices in Calgary (2006), Toronto (2008), Edmonton (2009), and Winnipeg (2010). 
In 2009, Enermodal designed and built its own headquarters, "A Grander View", which uses 70 kWh/m2 - making it Canada's most energy-efficient office building.
Today.
Currently, Enermodal has a professional staff of over 100 at its five offices, making it the one of North America’s largest consulting firms focusing exclusively on the design of sustainable buildings.
Enermodal’s main areas of expertise are
The company is well known for its green incentive program which helps employees reduce their environmental footprint. Company sponsored incentives include free bus passes, rain barrels, low-flow shower heads, and financial support for the purchase of hybrid cars.
In November 2010, the company was purchased by and became a division of the MMM Group (Marshall Macklin Monaghan).
Selected Projects.
Enermodal has over 70 LEED certified buildings and are working on over 190 other buildings aiming for certification. Some of the major green projects include
Awards.
Enermodal has been recognized numerous times for pushing the limits of sustainable design.
Recent accolades include:

</doc>
<doc id="18693169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693169" title="Arun Luthra">
Arun Luthra

Arun Luthra is a jazz musician (saxophonist, konnakol artist, composer, and arranger) based in New York, N.Y., U.S.A.
Early life.
Arun Luthra was born in Worcester, Massachusetts, U.S.A. of an Indian father and a British mother. He began his formal music training in Belgium at the age of nine, studying European classical guitar. He eventually focused on the saxophone as his primary instrument and soon began an active performing and writing career.
Career.
As a performer he has shared the stage and recorded with many of the greatest jazz, Afro-Cuban, Brazilian, and pop artists in the world, including Billy Harper, Eddie Henderson, Kenny Garrett, Dennis Irwin, Joe Chambers, Charli Persip, Bobby Porcelli, Portinho, Zé Renato, The Temptations, The Four Tops, Frankie Valli, Bobby Short, Lew Soloff, Bernard Purdie, and Ray Vega.
The Arun Luthra Quartet has toured worldwide, including North America, Japan, the U.K., and Australia.
Luthra has also performed and/or studied with such notable Hindustani and Carnatic music masters as Pandit Trichy Sankaran, Pandit Samir Chatterjee, Krishnan Lalgudi & Vijayalakshmi Lalgudi, Pandit Karaikudi Subramaniam, Steve Gorn, Kiran Ahluwalia, Sufi singer Zila Khan, and the iconic 1970s Indian cross-over star Asha Puthli. He is one of a small group of American jazz musicians of Indian heritage who has further developed the incorporation of Indian classical music rhythms (both Hindustani and Carnatic) into jazz composition and improvisation.
As a recording artist Luthra has been featured as a band leader, composer, arranger, and sideman. In addition to his career as a performer, composer, and arranger, Luthra is also a faculty member at The New School for Jazz and Contemporary Music in New York alongside such jazz and world music greats as Bobby Sanabria, Reggie Workman, Billy Harper, Jane Ira Bloom, and Joanne Brackeen.
Arun Luthra was interviewed by Linus Wyrsch on "The Jazz Hole" for breakthruradio.com in January 2012 - Arun Luthra Interview by breakthruradio.com

</doc>
<doc id="18693182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693182" title="Roberto Brenes Mesén">
Roberto Brenes Mesén

Roberto Brenes Mesén (July 6, 1874 - May 19, 1947) was a Costa Rican politician, writer, educator, and journalist.
Biography.
Brenes Mesén born in San José, Costa Rica on 6 July 1874. He went to school and high-school in San José. He obtained his Maestro Normal degree in the Escuela Normal de Heredia, where he was later employed. In 1897 he left for Chile on a scholarship, where he studied Law, French and Latin. He later studied phylology in the Instituto Pedagógico de Chile. He returned to Costa Rica in 1900 and taught Castellano, Psychology and Logic in the Liceo de Costa Rica. He also became the Liceo de Heredia's first headmaster from 1905 to 1908.
In 1917, under Federico Tinoco's dictatorship he was named Minister for Public Education. A year later he left for the United States under voluntary exile. In the United States Brenes Mesén was employed in varied roles, including Minister for Costa Rica in Washington, University of Columbia professor, as well as the University of New Mexico and the University of Syracuse.
During the first decade of the 20th century, he began working as a journalist, and he began attending political meetings with Joaquín García Monge. Although he was living in the United States, in 1928 he became part of the so-called Civic League, with Carmen Lyra, Joaquín García Monge, Omar Dengo, Alfredo González Flores and José María Zeledón. This group was engaged in promoting and fighting for workers' rights. They fought against the government benefits to the United Fruit Company, the Atlantic Rail Company and other Minor Cooper Keith companies.
He left the United States in 1939 at the age of 65 as a retired professor. He continued writing articles for the biggest newspapers and magazines in Costa Rica promoting education. Brenes Mesén once said "This country educated to earn a living, but not to become happy, while man's happiness should be the goal of all education".
Some of his works were controversial at the time, like the argument he held with the Catholic Church over the teaching of Darwin's Theory of Evolution in the Liceo de Heredia and mixed instruction.
He was a member of the Theosophical Society of Costa Rica and a freemason.
He died in San Jose on 19 May 1947 and was declared Benemérito de la Patria in 1974. The first high school in Hatillo, San José was named after Brenes Mesén in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="18693192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693192" title="Rafael Calderón Muñoz">
Rafael Calderón Muñoz

Rafael Calderón Muñoz (October 24, 1869 - June 15, 1943) was a Costa Rican politician.

</doc>
<doc id="18693193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693193" title="Leopold Kaufmann">
Leopold Kaufmann

Leopold Kaufmann (13 March 1821 – 27 February 1898) was a German politician. Brother of the poet and folklorist Alexander Kaufmann, he became Chief Burgomaster of Bonn.
Life.
With his brother Alexander, he attended the grammar school of his native city, and in the autumn of 1840, through Ernst Moritz Arndt, who had shortly before been reinstated in his professorship, Kaufmann matriculated as student of law at the University of Bonn.
His friends included Felix Mendelssohn, and Franz Liszt, and the poet Gottfried Kinkel. They with his future wife Johanna, née Mockel, founded a poetical society called the "Maikäferbund". On the occasion of the first Beethoven festival and of the unveiling of the Beethoven Monument, in the summer of 1845, Kaufmann founded the male choral society of Bonn, the "Concordia".
When the revolutionary disturbances broke out in May 1848, and many of the burgomasters in the Rhenish provinces voluntarily gave up their positions, he was appointed first government referendary of the burgomaster administrator at Unkel on the Rhine, and one year later deputy "landrath" or president of the District of Zell on the Moselle. In October, 1850, he was elected Burgomaster of Bonn, which at that time contained 18,000 inhabitants, and assumed office in the following May. In 1859 he received the title of chief burgomaster.
Among the enterprises which he planned for the welfare of the city may be mentioned the foundations for docks on the Rhine, the drainage of the entire city, laying out new plans for alignment and rebuilding, and eventually for a canal. He laid out the city in districts; he also built an asylum for the insane. He provided for the young by a systematic reorganization of the public schools, and for the support of the orphans. He worked for the artistic adornment of the cemetery of Bonn, of the tombs of Schiller's widow and his son Ernst, those of the composer Robert Schumann, and the poet August Wilhelm Schlegel.
In 1861, Kaufmann was appointed by the King of Prussia a life member of the Upper House on the nomination of the city of Bonn. On the question of reforming the army, he voted with the so-called constitutional deputies on 11 October 1862, for the budget as arranged by the Lower House. On the Beethoven centenary in 1870, the Beethovenhalle was built. In August 1871, the Beethoven music festival was held, and in August 1873, the Schumann festival, two significant musical events, the success of which was largely due to Kaufmann, and which procured for Bonn the renown of a first-class artistic centre.
After the Vatican decree of 18 July 1870, Bonn and Munich became the centres of the Old Catholic movement. Whilst several of Kaufmann's friends joined the new sect, he remained true to the Catholic Church. In 1874 he was unanimously re-elected burgomaster for the third time by the town council of Bonn, for a term of twelve years, but he became a victim of the "Kulturkampf". Although he recognized the necessity for the government taking measures with the object of regulating its attitude towards the Church, and declared himself prepared in his official capacity to carry out the May Laws, his confirmation was refused by the administration on 8 May 1875, a measure which resulted in an interpellation by Windt-Lorst in the Reichstag and the Prussian Diet. At the end of 1876, Kaufmann was elected to the Lower House from the electoral district of München-Gladbach, joined the Centre party, and soon became a member of its governing committee. In the Reichstag he frequently spoke in the interest of art and science. He was likewise one of the founders of the "Görresgesellschaft", for fostering science in Catholic Germany (1876), and for the first fifteen years was its general secretary.
After 1882, he was vice-president of the Borromeo Society for disseminating good books. In 1886 he refused re-election to the Reichstag, and henceforth devoted himself to the promotion of art and of useful undertakings, particularly to the decoration of Bonn Cathedral.
Works.
Among his writings were:

</doc>
<doc id="18693201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693201" title="Burmese gray wild dog">
Burmese gray wild dog

Gray Dhole, also known as Myanmar gray wild dog is an unrecognized canid species from Myanmar, reported especially from the Pidaung Game Sanctuary near the Irrawaddy River in Myitkyina Forest Division, and Thayagon in the Bago Division. It is described as having a short dark gray coat, a black muzzle and short, round ears. The Burmans say there are two kinds of wild dog in Myanmar, the large and small.

</doc>
<doc id="18693205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693205" title="M.ill.ion">
M.ill.ion

M.ILL.IONis a highly critically acclaimed Swedish melodic hard rock band band formed in 1989 in Gothenburg, Sweden by bass player B.J Laneby.
M.ILL.ION´s music is described as "the perfect mix of classic rock, melodic metal and rock'n roll" comfortably placed in the 21st century. Their biggest influences include Kiss, Deep Purple, Whitesnake, Thin Lizzy, UFO, Black Sabbath, Rainbow, Dio and Queen.
Seven original albums released so far.
Their latest album "Sane & Insanity" (Europe/Japan 2011) went straight to the No.1 spot on the U.S Import chart NEH and reached the "Album of the Year" list at the world's most important site for hardrock, melodicrock.com. In Japan they have a really strong following ever since their debut album charted there in the 90´s.
Their song "Showstopper" from the "Detonator" album was featured in the EA Games video game "NHL 2003".
They have done several headline tours and also shared stages and tours with bands such as Magnum, Nazareth, Oliver/Dawson Saxon, Michael Schenker Group, Pretty Maids among others.
Some of the festival appearances include the major Sweden Rock Festival (attendance record+ named “best band of the festival” by UK Magazine Powerplay), Firefest (England), Rock Over Munich (Germany), Hard Rock Hell (Spain) and Stockholm Rock Out. When this is written, July 2013, the next one is Skogsröjet in Sweden July 26/27, where the band play the main stage joining the headliners Twisted Sister and Helloween a.o.
The band signed with the US-based Respectable Artists Management in July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18693215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693215" title="Villagers Theatre">
Villagers Theatre

Villagers Theatre is a community theater located in the municipal complex of Somerset, New Jersey, United States. It was founded in 1960 and is still running today. The group has a New Playwrights Series where unpublished plays are performed.

</doc>
<doc id="18693231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693231" title="Joaquín Bernardo Calvo Rosales">
Joaquín Bernardo Calvo Rosales

Joaquín Bernardo Calvo Rosales (1799 - 1865) Joaquin Bernardo Calvo Rosales was a Costa Rican politician, born in Cartago, Costa Rica, in 1799. His first wife was Juana Vicenta Fernandez y Quirós and he remarried to Salvadora Mora y Perez.
He studied in Cartago with Rafael Francisco Osejo.
He was interim General Minister of Costa Rica 1827 to 1835 and Political Head of the Eastern Department in 1835. For his participation in the War of Liga (civil war of 1835) he was for a time exiled in Nicaragua. Later he was Magistrate of the Court of appeal, Minister of Property and War, Minister of Interior and Exterior Relations, Minister of Exterior Relations and Ecclesiastic Businesses, Minister of Interior and annexed portfolios and President of the Senate and the Legislative Body. As Chancellor, he signed in 1856 the Calvo treaty, the first bordering agreement between Costa Rica and Colombia.
He died in San José, Costa Rica, in 1865.
His son Joaquín Bernardo Calvo Mora was, for many years, Minister Plenipotentiary of Costa Rica in Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="18693233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693233" title="Shaul Stampfer">
Shaul Stampfer

Shaul Stampfer (1948–) is a researcher of East European Jewry specializing in Lithuanian yeshivas, and Jewish demography, migration and education. 
Biography.
Shaul Stampfer, born in Atlanta, Georgia, graduated from Lincoln High School in 1965, received his BA from the Yeshiva University in 1970 and his Ph.D. from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1982. Prof. Stampfer currently resides in the Ramot neighborhood of Jerusalem.
Academic career.
In 1989-1992 Stampfer was a head of the Institute for Jewish Studies in Moscow and helped to establish the city's Jewish University. Stampfer is currently a professor of Soviet and East European Jewry at the Hebrew University. His book on Lithuanian yeshivas (published in Hebrew in 2005) has been translated into English and is scheduled for publication by the Littman Library of Jewish Civilization.

</doc>
<doc id="18693243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693243" title="Crockham Heath">
Crockham Heath

Crockham Heath is a village in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Enborne. The settlement lies near to the A34 road, and is located approximately south-west of Newbury.

</doc>
<doc id="18693244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693244" title="Rodrigo Alberto Carazo Zeledón">
Rodrigo Alberto Carazo Zeledón

Rodrigo Alberto Carazo Zeledón (born 1948) is a Costa Rican politician, economist and lawyer.
He was the first National Ombudsman of the Republic of Costa Rica (1993 - 1997), as well as Vice President and President of the American Council of Ombudsmen on Human Rights, and Vice President and President of the "Federación Iberoamericana de Defensores del Pueblo". Between 1984 and 1987 was representative of the University for Peace to European offices of United Nations, and from 1979 to 1981 Special Ambassador to the UN General Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="18693265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693265" title="Persepolis–Sepahan rivalry">
Persepolis–Sepahan rivalry

The rivalry between Persepolis and Sepahan (also known as Derby of Iran) is a footballing rivalry played between Iranian clubs Persepolis and Sepahan.
History.
2006 Hazfi Cup Final.
This rivalry started in 2006 when Sepahan and Persepolis contested the Hafzi Cup championship, Iranian football's second-most prestigious competition. After both teams battled to a 1–1 tie in the first leg in Tehran, the two sides returned to Esfahan's Nagshe Jahan Stadium for the pivotal second leg, when a champion would be crowned. The first half was uneventful. But in the second half, things would get explosive. Ebrahim Asadi gave the reds the lead at the 56-minute mark. With that, a Persepolis championship seemed to be a foregone conclusion. But just nine minutes later, Hamid Shafiee, who also scored the equalizer in the first leg, tied the game with a goal in the 64th minute. Neither team would do anything special in extra time, so the game went to penalty kicks.
In the fateful shootout, Sepahan got off to a bad start as Jalal Akbari missed his shot and Karim Bagheri gave Persepolis the lead. But Sheis Rezaei and Alireza Vahedi Nikbakht missed their shots, and Sepahan would go on to win 4–2 in the shootout.
2007 Hazfi Cup Semifinal.
As expected, the two sides would meet again in next year's Hazfi Cup semifinal. This time the spoils would be decided in one game, and with Persepolis playing in front of 100,000 supporters in Azadi Stadium, they looked like a good bet for revenge. The reds got off to a good start by scoring midway through the second half on a penalty kick by Farzad Ashoubi. Persepolis would also have some chances to extend their lead. All was set for a Persepolis celebration when with just two minutes left, Sepahan earned a penalty of their own. Hadi Aghili converted with ease, silencing the crowd and sending the game into extra time.
In the extra sessions, nothing much happened and most people expected the game to go to penalty kicks once again. But out of nowhere, Mahmoud Karimi, who had barely played all season for Sepahan, emerged as an unlikely hero by scoring three goals in the span of just nine minutes to sink Persepolis 4–1. Sepahan would go on to win their second straight Hazfi Cup by beating Saba Battery 4–0 on aggregate, and Persepolis fans have found this harsh defeat heartbreaking and tough to forget.
2008 IPL Championship.
Throughout the 2007–2008 Iran Pro League season, Persepolis, under new head coach Afshin Ghotbi, was dominating the league. However, their one obstacle was still Sepahan, as they would be the only contender to bother Persepolis. In the middle of the season, Persepolis and Sepahan met at Esfahan's Fouladshahr Stadium. Sepahan won that game 2–1, handing Persepolis their first loss of the season. However, Sepahan would lose five points (reduced to three on an appeal) due to fan violence. But Persepolis also lost six points due to inability to pay former players. All things considered, Sepahan had a two-point lead over Persepolis at the top going into the last week of the season.
As fate would have it, the two teams would meet on the last day of the season in front 100,000 racuous fans in Azadi Stadium. Sepahan needed only a point to be crowned champs, while nothing less than a victory would do for the red giants. Persepolis got off to a dream start with a goal in the 18th minute from the league's top goalscorer, Mohsen Khalili. Khalili would also go on to hit the post and Persepolis was also denied a penalty kick on a controversial non-call by referee Saeed Mozafarri. Those misses would prove to be costly as 18-year old senasation Ehsan Hajisafi would tie the game on a breakaway in the 30th minute. At halftime it remained 1–1, and Sepahan was just 45 minutes away from breaking the reds' hearts once more.
Throughout the second half, it was all one-way traffic as Ghotbi's men put four strikers upfront against Sepahan's defense, which still stood strong for almost the entire second half and did not allow Persepolis to get the imperative goal they needed. After 90 minutes plus five minutes of stoppage time, the score was still the same, and Sepahan was getting ready to celebrate. But this time, luck would shift Persepolis' way. A Khalili free kick luckily bounced at the feet of Karim Bagheri. Bagheri's experience would take over from there, as he sent a high cross to Sepehr Heidari who headed the ball in the back of the net in the 96th minute, giving Persepolis the championship and revenge that was craved for so long and absolutely wrenching Sepahan's hearts, sending the crowd into a frenzy. Heidari's goal earned him a spot in Persepolis lore and proved to be a historic and memorable moment in team history.
2009 Hazfi Cup Round of 16.
The two teams would meet at the Azadi Stadium once again, this time in the Round of 16 of the Hazfi Cup. This time, however, both teams had been through a very lackluster season as they both changed coaches twice during the regular season. Sepahan and Persepolis finished 4th and 5th respectively in the IPL, which meant a very underachieving season for both teams.
Persepolis would take an early lead on a 12th minute cracker by Maziar Zare. Since then, the game became more lively as both teams created numerous chances. Zare also missed a golden opportunity to double his goal tally and Persepolis' lead after missing a penalty kick. In second half stoppage time, Sepahan captain Moharram Navidkia also squandered a tailor-made opportunity by firing over the bar from just a few yards out. Persepolis would go on to the quarterfinals, where they went down 2–1 to Pas Hamedan.
The aftermath of this game was very ironic in the sense that Sepahan, despite crashing out of the Hazfi Cup, would still qualify for the AFC Champions League because neighbors Zob Ahan, who finished second (among the top three) in the IPL, won the Hazfi Cup, which gave 4th placed Sepahan qualification to the AFC Champions League. Persepolis, however, had nothing to show for their efforts after having a more expensive squad than last season, when they won the IPL.
2013 Hazfi Cup Final.
The 2013 Hazfi Cup Final was the clubs' second meeting in the final where Sepahan won 4–2 over Persepolis in the penalties in 2006. The match was also the last match of Persepolis captain Mehdi Mahdavikia, a former Iran national football team and Hamburg SV midfielder. After failed to agree on a venue between Ahvaz, Mashhad and Tabriz, final venue was decided with draw which Azadi Stadium was announced as the venue for the 2013 final. The two teams finished 1-1 in regular time and 2-2 after extra-time. The game went to penalties and Sepahan defeated Persepolis 4-2 in the penalty shootout.
Sepahan goal scorers.
5 Goals
3 Goals
2 Goals
1 Goals
Notable matches.
Persepolis won Sepahan in front of over 110’000 fans and became 2007–08 IPL champion.
Mohsen Khalili scored a spectacular volley from 20 yards to give Persepolis the lead, But Ehsan Hajysafi equalised a few minutes later. With ninety minutes over, the injury time was nearly finished but Khalili again shot a deflected free-kick, Finding Karim Bagheri in the box. Bagheri turned and crossed the ball for Sepehr Heidari, who scored the second goal with a header to win the match for his team.

</doc>
<doc id="18693269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693269" title="Kevin Casas Zamora">
Kevin Casas Zamora

Kevin Casas-Zamora (born August 4, 1968) is a Costa Rican politician, lawyer and political scientist. Casas-Zamora is Secretary for Political Affairs at the Organization of American States. Prior to that he was Senior Fellow at the Brookings Institution. He also served as Minister of National Planning and Economic Policy as well as second Vice President of Costa Rica under Oscar Arias from May 8, 2006 until September 22, 2007.
He earned his JD from the University of Costa Rica, his MA from the University of Essex, and his DPhil from the University of Oxford. His doctoral thesis, titled “Paying for Democracy in Latin America: Political Finance and State Funding for Parties in Costa Rica and Uruguay,” won the 2004 Jean Blondel PhD Prize from the European Consortium for Political Research for best thesis in politics in Europe and was later developed into a book, under the title "Paying for Democracy." In 2007 Casas-Zamora was selected as Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum. 

</doc>
<doc id="18693276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693276" title="Catirai">
Catirai

Catirai or Catiray is the region of the Moluche Aillarehue of Catiray in old Araucanía. It is now the Santa Juana commune of the Concepción Province and the Nacimiento commune of the Bío Bío Province of the Bío Bío Region, of Chile. It includes the eastern slope of the mountains of the Nahuelbuta Range in its northern extremity where they descend toward the valley of the Biobío River and that contains the sources of the streams that flow into the Culenco River, (tributary of the Tavolevo River). Below the Tavolevo they flow directly into the Biobío. First the Rele River, then the riachuelos of Patagual and Pilún, Estero Huedilhue (in the valley of the town of Santa Juana) and the riachuelos of Pileo and Tricauco. Catiray comes from the Mapudungun "callyíi", to cut, and of "raigheii", the flower of the trees, meaning short flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="18693284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693284" title="Florencio del Castillo">
Florencio del Castillo

Florencio del Castillo (1778–1834) was a Costa Rican cleric and politician.
Early life.
Florencio del Castillo was born in Ujarrás, Costa Rica, near the colonial capital of Cartago, on October 17, 1778. He was the third child of Cecilia del Castillo Villagra (sometimes Cecilia del Castillo Solano), widow of the Frenchman François Lafons. His father is not known; it is possible he was the illegitimate son of the village priest, Luis San Martín de Soto. He grew up in the convent of Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception de Rescate de Ujarrás, where he made a living cleaning and working as an altar boy. Doña Cecilia belonged to a distinguished family in Costa Rica and was the owner of some money that allowed her to send her son to the Seminario Conciliar in León, Nicaragua (which later, in 1814, was converted into the University of León), to follow an ecclesiastical career. After being distinguished for his intelligence and spotless record, don Florencio del Castillo presented billiant exams, obtained a baccalaureate and was ordained priest in 1802; the next year he was already a professor of geometry at the same university with an official recommendation.
He returned to Costa Rica preceded by the fame that his merits and virtues had acquired him in Nicaragua, and in 1806 he was named priest to the incipient town of Villahermosa (later Alajuela; but aspiring to a higher destination, he returned in 1808 to León, entering the Tridentine University where he gained the post of professor of Philosophy, which had been one of his most gifted disciplines, and later the more important charges of synodal examiner, prosecutor and vicerector.
These rapid promotions, combined with the prestige won during his short return to Costa Rica, meant that when it came time to select a deputy for the province of Costa Rica to the General and Extraordinary Courts in Spain, convened for the salvation of Spain's independence, which was threatened by the formidable power of Napoleon, his name was included, along with that of fray José Antonio Taboada y don José María Zamora.
Deputy to the Cortes.
In 1810 Costa Rica selected him to represent it in the General and Extraordinary Courts of the Spanish Crown (Cortes de Cádiz), where he was called the "American Mirabeau" for his magnificent oratory. He was distinguished for his struggle in favor of the Indians and blacks and achieved the abolition of the Mita, the Encomienda, Indian tribute and the Repartimiento. He presided over the courts for a brief period. He also campaigned against other forms of racial discrimination.
He also represented Costa Rica in the ordinary courts of 1813-1814, until their dissolution by Fernando VII.
Deputy to the Mexican Congress and Imperial Council.
After the dissolution of the Courts, he moved to Mexico, where he represented Costa Rica in the Constitutional Congress of 1822. Afterwards he was a member of the Council of State of Emperor Agustín I (Agustín de Iturbide).
Death.
Del Castillo died in Oaxaca on November 26, 1834, where he was a canon and governor of the bishopric. In 1971 his remains were returned to Costa Rica, where they were interred in a mausoleum built in the central park of the town of Paraíso, near his birthplace of Ujarrás. His remains rested there until they were stolen in September 2011.
The Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica declared him a "Benemérito de la Patria", or "Worthy Citizen of the Fatherland". The highway between San José and Cartago bears his name.

</doc>
<doc id="18693285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693285" title="Joakim">
Joakim

Joakim or Joacim is a male name primarily used in Scandinavian cultures. It is derived from a transliteration of the Hebrew יהוֹיָקִים, and literally means "lifted by Jehovah". In the Old Testament Jehoiakim was a king of Judah. In the Roman Catholic, Orthodox, and Anglican traditions, Saint Joachim was the husband of Saint Anne and the father of Mary, the mother of Jesus. The story of Joachim and Anne appears first in the apocryphal Gospel of James. Joachim and Anne are not mentioned in the Bible.
The following people are known by the given name Joakim or Joacim:

</doc>
<doc id="18693295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693295" title="Ferdinando Partini">
Ferdinando Partini

Ferdinando Partini was an Italian painter who was active in the 1790s. He is best known for his vedute of ancient buildings. His 1794 oil painting "View of the Pantheon" was featured in the exhibition "Art of the Royal Court: Treasures in Pietre Dure from the Palaces of Europe" at the Metropolitan Museum of Art along with a reproduction in pietre dure.

</doc>
<doc id="18693298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693298" title="Ricardo Castro Beeche">
Ricardo Castro Beeche

Ricardo Castro Béeche (April 11, 1894 - October 9, 1967) was a Costa Rican lawyer, politician and writer.
Castro Béeche was born in San José, Costa Rica on April 11, 1894, to parents Roberto Castro Solera and Mercedes Béeche Argüello, whose brother, Lic. Octavio Béeche, was the foreign minister of Costa Rica from 1930 to 1931. He received his primary education at Buenaventura Corrales School and his secondary education at the Liceo de Costa Rica. He then went on to graduate from law school to earn a degree in law.
Castro Béeche alternated between public life and journalism. In 1915 he began his career in national politics as Consul General of Costa Rica in New York. In 1924, he served both as an alternate deputy in Congress and as a personal secretary to President Ricardo Jiménez Oreamuno during the same period. He was named Secretary of State in the Office of Foreign Relations and Annexed Affairs (Justice, Grace, Worship and Charity) in 1927.
Briefly switching to journalism, he was Director and General Manager of the "Diario de Costa Rica" between 1928 and 1934. Castro Béeche also served as a deputy for two consecutive terms (1930 - 1934 and 1934 - 1938). During his second term, he served as the president of congress for one year (1935 - -1936).

</doc>
<doc id="18693301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693301" title="USS ATA-216">
USS ATA-216

USS "ATA-216 was an of the United States Navy built near the end of World War II. Originally laid down as Allthorn" (YN-94), a net tender of the , she was redesignated as AN-70, a net layer, before launch. Before completion, the name "Allthorn" was cancelled and the ship was named "ATA-216", an unnamed auxiliary ocean tug.
Career.
"Allthorn" (YN-94) was laid down on 31 October 1943 at Slidell, Louisiana, by the Canulette Shipbuilding Co. On 20 January 1944 she was redesignated "AN-70". She was launched on 27 May 1944, but, on 12 August 1944, her name was cancelled and her designation was changed to that of an auxiliary ocean tug. She became simply "ATA-216".

</doc>
<doc id="18693304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693304" title="Goods wagon">
Goods wagon

Goods wagons or freight wagons (North America: freight cars) are unpowered railway vehicles that are used for the transportation of cargo. A variety of wagon types are in use to handle different types of goods, but all goods wagons in a regional network typically have standardized couplers and other fittings, such as hoses for air brakes, allowing different wagon types to be assembled into trains. For tracking and identification purposes, goods wagons are generally assigned a unique identifier, typically a UIC wagon number, or in North America, a company reporting mark plus a company specific serial number.
Development.
At the beginning of the railway era, the vast majority of goods wagons were four-wheeled vehicles of simple construction. These were almost exclusively small covered wagons, open wagons with side-boards, and flat wagons with or without stakes. Over the course of time, an increasing number of specialised wagons were developed.
Special wagons for specific purposes or wagons with special features were already being introduced around 1850 by private companies. Amongst these were tank wagons and numerous refrigerated vans. In countries like Germany, wagon hire firms procured large numbers of these wagons and hired them to the end users.
In the early days of the railway, goods trains still ran at top speeds of only about . However, the introduction of through brakes using air pipes (such as the Kunze-Knorr brakes in Germany) from the 1920s enabled higher speeds to be safely achieved. Modern goods wagons are authorised for speeds up to around and in certain countries, wagons are increasingly equipped with GPS receivers and transponders which provide location monitoring as required. The Deutsche Bahn (DB) even has goods wagons cleared for high-speed rail travel at up to . Because the braking distance of fast goods trains is longer than the separation between distant and home signals (as are Express Passenger trains), they may only run at high speeds of with locos on routes with early signalling systems in the driver’s cab (LZB, FZB and ETCS).
German wagon history.
In Europe, the first agreements were struck very early on between the national state railways ("Länderbahnen") and private companies for the mutual use of each other’s goods wagons. Around 1850, the Union of German Railway Administrations ("Verein Deutscher Eisenbahnverwaltungen") drew up regulations for the standardisation of dimensions and fittings. The formation of the Prussian State Railway Union in 1881 encouraged the emergence of wagon classes built to standard norms.
One further European milestone was the formation of the German State Railway Wagon Association on 1 April 1909. With the participation of all the German state railways, it created a common pool of goods wagons, which by the end of 1911 had no less than 560,000 wagons. In addition, they all had standardised inscriptions and red-brown livery. In order to standardise future procurements, a total of 11 wagon classes were defined (Sheet nos. A1 to A11). These wagons of the so-called standard class ("Verbandsbauart") and subsequent developments from them (the "Austauschbauart" class with interchangeable parts) dominated goods traffic in Germany up to the Second World War and had a significant impact in many other countries which acquired these wagons either through war reparations or simply because they were left behind by the Germans after the two world wars. 
From 1939, wagons were developed primarily from a military point of view and were known as wartime classes ("Kriegsbauart"). After the war, in East Germany, some pre-war goods wagon classes were given a new lease of life as ‘reconstructed goods wagons’ ("Reko-Güterwagen") and continued in service for several more decades.
Since the Union of Private Goods Wagon Companies ("Vereinigung der Privatgüterwagen-Interessenten (VPI)") was founded in 1921, the interests of private transport organisations in Germany (including wagon hire firms, goods wagon builders and repair firms, and owners of private sidings) has been jointly represented. The Union has around 100 members who own 50,000 goods wagons. In 2007, they transported of goods. Other countries have similar organisations.
European wagon history.
Since 1922, the agreement for the mutual use of goods wagons in international traffic (RIV) has regulated the exchange of goods wagons in Europe and the Middle East. In addition, international goods wagon fleets were created in 1953 in Western Europe with the "Europ-Verband" and in 1964 in Eastern Europe with the Common Goods Wagon Park (OPW). During the second half of the 20th century, national goods wagon classes in Europe were increasingly replaced by Union internationale des chemins de fer (UIC) standard wagons. Since 1964, all goods wagons in Germany, for example, have to be classified using the UIC goods wagon classification system.
Types of goods wagon.
The numerous types of goods wagon are categorised here based on their main design features and in accordance with the international UIC classification system:
Goods wagons for special purposes include:
Railway post vans (Mobile post offices) are not counted as goods wagons.
The UIC’s instructions were sometimes interpreted differently by the various railway administrations, so that it could happen that almost identical wagons were grouped into different classes. In addition wagons had occasionally to be reclassified after slight modifications. For example, an E Class wagon can become an F Class simply through welding on a door.

</doc>
<doc id="18693306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693306" title="Crookham, Berkshire">
Crookham, Berkshire

Crookham is a village in the English county of Berkshire, and part of the civil parish of Greenham.
The settlement lies near to the A339 and A4 roads, and is located approximately south-east of Thatcham. Crookham - like the adjoining Crookham Common - is situated at the end of the runway of RAF Greenham Common.
History.
The village was originally owned by Reading Abbey, and thus King Henry III of England visited the hamlet in 1229 - most probably to engage in hunting in the rural areas. It consisted of two main manors, Crookham and Chamberhouse. Chamberhouse was the childhood home of the distinguished soldier and statesman Henry Docwra, 1st Baron Docwra of Culmore.

</doc>
<doc id="18693313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693313" title="Ramón Castro y Ramírez">
Ramón Castro y Ramírez

Ramón Castro y Ramírez (1795–1867) was a Costa Rican politician.

</doc>
<doc id="18693327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693327" title="Alberto Cañas Escalante">
Alberto Cañas Escalante

Alberto Cañas Escalante (born March 16, 1920 in San José, Costa Rica) is a Costa Rican politician, as well as a diplomat, lawyer and playwright. He co-founded one of Costa Rica's biggest law firms, Facio & Cañas. He was considered a very important figure in the cultural, political and social life of Costa Rica in the second half of the twentieth century. He was ambassador to the United Nations (1948–49), vice-minister of External Relations (1955–1956), and was a Legislator twice (1962–1966 and 1994–1998). He was also the first Ministro de Cultura, Juventud y Deportes (Minister of Culture, Youth and Sports) (1970–74) and chairmain of the "Diario de Costa Rica" and "La Republica" newspapers. Also as a journalist, he was editor of "Excelsior" and column-writer in "La Nación", "La Prensa Libre" and "Semanario Universidad".

</doc>
<doc id="18693343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693343" title="José Joaquín Chaverri Sievert">
José Joaquín Chaverri Sievert

José Joaquín Chaverri Sievert (August 30, 1949 - ) is a Costa Rican diplomat. In 2005 he was appointed Director of Foreign Policy of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. He has also served as Costa Rican ambassador to Germany, Denmark and Czechoslovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="18693344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693344" title="Makoshika Dinosaur Museum">
Makoshika Dinosaur Museum

The Makoshika Dinosaur Museum is a regional museum located in Glendive, eastern Montana, USA. It is housed in a building dating from the 1900s and presents dinosaur casts/sculptures and fossils from around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18693347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693347" title="Eugene J. McCarthy Center for Public Policy">
Eugene J. McCarthy Center for Public Policy

The Eugene J. McCarthy Center for Public Policy and Civic Engagement at Saint John's University, serving the College of Saint Benedict and Saint John's University in central Minnesota, is a non-partisan learning and outreach center aimed at fostering enhanced civic engagement and dialog about public policy. The Center sponsors the annual Eugene J. McCarthy Lecture, along with a variety of other programs aimed at CSB and SJU students, alumnae, alumni, faculty and staff, and the broader community. The Center serves students at both the College of Saint Benedict and Saint John’s University.
History.
The Center was founded in 2006 in honor of Eugene J. McCarthy, the late Senator and Saint John’s Graduate 1935. The McCarthy Center is directed by Dr. Matt Lindstrom. Lindstrom is currently the Edward L. Henry Professor of Political Science at the College of Saint Benedict and Saint John’s University.
Mission statement.
The McCarthy Center aims: To cultivate the habit of promoting the common good through an integrative environment for learning and To promote the value of politics; our shared identity as citizens; our engagement in public work.
Programs.
Eugene J. McCarthy Lecture.
The annual public lectureship carries McCarthy’s deep commitment to the ideals and principles of democratic self-government. It seeks to inspire a new generation of young people to pursue fresh ideas, to challenge the status quo, to effect positive change in their communities and, like McCarthy himself, to lead with honesty, integrity, and courage.
Past lecturers.
2007: E.J. Dionne
2008: Julian Bond
2009: Chuck Hagel
2010: Amy Klobuchar
2011: Mark Shields
2012: Tom Brokaw
2013: Cokie Roberts
Mentor Program.
The McCarthy Center Mentor Program connects CSB and SJU students with individual political and community leaders and offers a roadmap for mentorship and networking. Through informational interviews, job shadowing, resume critiques, and career discussions, students gain a greater awareness of multiple civic options as well as avenues for success in political and civic life.
Polidazzle.
Each December, the McCarthy Center hosts the Mentor Program networking event called Polidazzle for CSB/SJU students, alumni/alumnae, staff, and faculty interested in public policy and civic life. The gathering is an excellent opportunity for current students to meet alumni/ae who are active in civic and political life as professionals or volunteers. This open house reception is filled with stories, drinks and abundant hors d'oeuvres.
Politics and a Pint.
The McCarthy Center sponsors this monthly series of informal discussions on issues related to public policy and politics, that is, any type of social interaction involving decision-making. "Politics and a Pint" invites faculty members, student leaders, administrators, alums, politicians and community members to talk with students in an informal atmosphere without academic pressures, and about current issues which may normally not enter the classroom.
Politics and a Pint is held at Brother Willie's Pub at St. John's University. All majors and all ages are welcome to attend any portion of Politics and a Pint. Pizza and non-alcoholic beverages are always provided. Attendees age 21 and over may purchase pints at the BWP bar.
Study tours.
The McCarthy Center believes in the importance of experiential learning as a way to engage students in the many layers of the policy making process. Study tours bring students face-to-face with key players and organizations working on current policy issues.
In the 2012–2013 academic year, the McCarthy Center led two study tours to Washington, D.C. While on the week-long trip, students experienced United States history and culture—touring the Capitol Building, the White House, the State Department and many, many monuments.
McCarthy Residency.
The McCarthy Residency showcases the work and skills of someone who has a distinguished career in public service, policy, or politics through a week-long on-campus residency. Through visits to classes, cafeterias, practices, and public programs, the McCarthy resident engages a wide spectrum of the CSB/SJU community and the general public. The McCarthy residency culminates in a dinner honoring the resident and a final keynote program open to the campus community and the public. The primary purpose of the residency is to give students extended access to someone with real knowledge and wisdom about policy, civic engagement, and public life.
CSBSJU Political Science Department's Washington, D.C. Summer Study.
The McCarthy Center supports the Political Science Department's Washington, D.C. Summer Study Program, which sends a group of students to Washington, D.C. every summer to serve as interns in government, political, or non-profit offices while earning academic credit.
Scholarships.
John E. Brandl.
John Brandl was a 1959 graduate of Saint John's. The John Brandl Scholars program celebrates Brandl's lifelong commitment to mentorship and scholarship in higher education, public policy and politics. The endowment funds summer internships in public policy and leadership development activities such as conferences and trainings. These internships will range from local to international policy arenas, reflecting Brandl's diverse career and CSB/SJU's commitment to ethical leadership and the common good.
John Brandl Scholars receive $4,000 summer stipends and are offered select invitations for McCarthy Center events and mini-grants to cover travel or other expenses related to civic or scholarly engagement.
Volunteer opportunities.
The McCarthy Center welcomes everyone's involvement in its on-campus events and programming. The McCarthy Center welcomes participation in "Adopt-A-Highway". The Center and its volunteers pick up trash on a part of County Road 9 just south of Avon every spring and fall.
Funding.
Funding for the McCarthy Center was originally provided through a grant from the Bush Foundation to sponsor "learning centers" at CSB/SJU. During the recent capital campaigns, a permanent endowment has been created through the support of the Whalen Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="18693350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693350" title="The Unguarded Hour">
The Unguarded Hour

The Unguarded Hour is a 1936 film starring Loretta Young and Franchot Tone under the direction of Sam Wood. The prosecutor in a murder trial is unaware that his wife is involved.

</doc>
<doc id="18693354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693354" title="Laura Chinchilla">
Laura Chinchilla

Laura Chinchilla Miranda (born 28 March 1959; ) is a Costa Rican politician and the first female President of Costa Rica. She was one of Óscar Arias Sánchez's two Vice-Presidents and his administration's Minister of Justice. She was the governing PLN candidate for President in the 2010 general election, where she won with 46.76% of the vote. She is the sixth woman to be elected president of a Latin American country and the first woman to become president of Costa Rica. She was sworn in as president of Costa Rica on May 8, 2010.
Personal life.
Chinchilla was born in Carmen Central, San José in 1959. Her father was Rafael Ángel Chinchilla Fallas (a former comptroller of Costa Rica) and her mother was Emilce Miranda Castillo. She married Mario Alberto Madrigal Díaz on 23 January 1982 and divorced on 22 May 1985. She had a son, José María Rico Chinchilla, in 1996 with José María Rico Cueto, a Spanish lawyer who also holds Canadian citizenship; Chinchilla married him on 26 March 2000.
Political career.
Chinchilla graduated from the University of Costa Rica and received her master's degree in public policy from Georgetown University.
Prior to entering politics, Chinchilla worked as an NGO consultant in Latin America and Africa, specializing in judicial reform and public security issues. She went on to serve in the José María Figueres Olsen administration as vice-minister for public security (1994–1996) and minister of public security (1996–1998). From 2002 to 2006, she served in the National Assembly as a deputy for the province of San José.
Chinchilla was one of two vice-presidents elected under the second Arias administration (2006–2010). She resigned the vice-presidency in 2008 in order to prepare her run for the presidency in 2010. On 7 June 2009 she won the Partido Liberación Nacional (PLN) primary with a 15% margin over her nearest rival, and was thus endorsed as the party's presidential candidate.
Presidency.
Chinchilla's Partido Liberación Nacional is a member of the Socialist International, whose motto is the promotion of "progressive politics for a better world."
The British Foreign and Commonwealth minister with responsibility for Central America, Baroness Kinnock, applauded Chinchilla's election as the first female President of Costa Rica. Kinnock also praised Chinchilla for stating her continued support for the forward thinking approach by the previous government in working to combat climate change and said that the UK would continue to work with Costa Rica on this important issue in 2010.
Laura Chinchilla's political platform emphasized anti-crime legislation in response to Costa Rica's growing concerns over safety. She is also expected to give continuity to the current government's pro-free trade policies. She is considered a social conservative. She opposes gay marriage, but has stated publicly the need for a legal frame to provide fundamental rights to same-sex couples. She supports maintaining the country's prohibition of abortion under most circumstances.
In 2013, the Mexican opinion poll firm Consulta Mitofsky released a survey that placed Chinchilla as the least popular president in Latin America with a 13% approval rate, just behind Porfirio Lobo of Honduras.
The Juan Rafael Mora Porras Road affair.
In October 2010, Nicaraguan forces occupied islands in the San Juan River delta. The land is claimed by the Nicaraguan and Costa Rican governments. Some observers opined that the Nicaraguan action was probably connected with President Daniel Ortega’s reelection campaign. The Costa Rican government reacted to the Nicaraguan action. Costa Rica sought to place the case before the International Court of Justice. By mid-2011, President Chinchilla decided to build a road along the river, as a response to what she and her government saw as a Nicaraguan invasion of Costa Rican territory. In Spanish Name of the Road The road was officially named “Ruta 1858, Juan Rafael Mora Porras” to honor a Costa Rican hero, who led the country in the fight in Nicaragua and Costa Rica against the forces of William Walker, who had proclaimed himself as president of Nicaragua, and wanted to restore slavery in Central America.
The road was to stretch more than 150 km. A decree of emergency allowed the government to waive environmental regulations and oversight from the General Comptroller (Contraloria General de la Republica). Neither environmental nor engineering studies were conducted before the road was announced. There were accusations of mismanagement and corruption. The Ministerio Publico (Costa Rican attorney general) announced an official inquiry about the charges of corruption. Francisco Jiménez, minister of public works and transportation was dismissed by Chinchilla as a consequence of the affair Minister dismissed by Chinchilla (in Spanish).
Views on society.
Chinchilla opposes any amendment of the constitution aimed at separation of church and state in Costa Rica. The constitution currently defines the Republic of Costa Rica as a Roman Catholic nation. Her position contrasts with that of former President Óscar Arias Sánchez, who supports establishing a secular state.
She is against legalizing the morning after pill, which is banned in Costa Rica. Many pro-life supporters in Latin American countries oppose the morning after pill because they believe it to be an abortifacient if implantation of the fertilized ovum has not yet occurred. This position contradicts the World Health Organization's (WHO) statement that emergency contraception cannot be an abortifacient, because it will not work in cases when the woman is already pregnant.
Chinchilla has stated that while she supports gay rights and opposes discrimination based on sexual orientation, she believes that marriage should be between a man and a woman, and because of that she supports a different legal framework for same-sex couples. She signed into law on 4 July 2013 a new legislation supporting civil partnerships that can be extended to same-sex unions. She also stated that she would not oppose same-sex marriage if it was legalized by the country's courts.
Environmental protection and sustainability is very important for the President, and she continues Costa Rica's level of leadership in these areas, for example, in May 2011 she declared Odyssey 2050 The Movie of 'Public and Cultural Interest'.

</doc>
<doc id="18693371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693371" title="Cipriano Pérez y Arias">
Cipriano Pérez y Arias

Cipriano Pérez y Arias (1784–1823) was a Costa Rican politician.
Personal information.
He was baptized in Heredia, Costa Rica, on December 8, 1784. His parents were Matías Pérez Viera and Feliciana Arias and Ugalde. He married on April 30, 1804 Juana de Jesús Reyes and Bludgeons, daughter of Pablo José Reyes y Jiménez and Ramona Engracia Porras and González of León.
Career.
The mayoralty of the town of Heredia designated him in October, 1821 as its representative in the Meeting of Legatees of the Mayoralties who met in Carthage on October 25 and October 26, 1821 to discuss the independence of Costa Rica from Spain. He was present on October 29, 1821 at the meeting of the Mayoralty of Carthage he signed the Record of Independence of Costa Rica.
Death.
He died in Rivas, Nicaragua in February, 1823.

</doc>
<doc id="18693384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693384" title="José Andrés Coronado Alvarado">
José Andrés Coronado Alvarado

José Andrés Coronado Alvarado (January 15, 1895 – October 4, 1975) was a Costa Rican diplomat and politician.
He was born in San José, the son of Andrés Coronado Jiménez and Eduviges Alvarado Carrillo. He graduated as Bachelor in the Grammar school of Costa Rica and later he went on to study the social and economic sciences in the University of Nashville, Tennessee, where he had a position as chair of Latin American Relations.
From March 24 to December 9, 1922 he was Secretary of Foreign Relations of Costa Rica. In addition,from April to May 1922 he was in charge temporarily of the Secretariat of Promotion and Public Works. During his role as Chancellor, on November 10, 1922 he signed a treaty with Roy Tasco Davis of the United States the Coronado-Davis Treaty, whose ratifications were exchanged in April 1923.
He represented Costa Rica in the Central American Conference of Washington D.C., on December 4 of 1922, but resigned just a days later. He later served as a civil servant of the Bank (later Institute) National of Insurances from its foundation in 1927.
He was married first to Helen Cockrill Foster and second to Evelia Chaves Leon. He died in San Jose on the 4 of October, 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18693406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693406" title="Denise Vasi">
Denise Vasi

Denise Vasi is an American fashion model and soap opera actress from Brooklyn, New York. She attended Long Island University where she studied Business. She resides in Los Angeles, California.
Vasi is best known for her role as Randi Hubbard on ABC's "All My Children", a role she had played since May 29, 2008 till AMC went off the air in the fall of 2011. She is also a well known model signed to Next Models appearing in many campaigns.
Early years.
Even before her debut as Randi Morgan on ABC's daytime soap opera, "All My Children," Denise Vasi had already established herself as one of the entertainment industry's top women to watch. The budding actress, who is currently the face of Olay's Spring 2009 on-camera advertising campaign, has graced the pages of international and domestic glossies (including ELLE, Marie Claire, GQ Italy and the cover of French magazine Clam) as a sought-out model. Now, with her first long-term role in a television series and several feature films on the horizon, she is making a fast and determined leap into Hollywood.
Acting career.
As Randi Morgan, the actress plays a "hooker with a heart of gold" who is encouraged by Dr. Frankie Hubbard (Cornelius Smith Jr.) to ditch her tumultuous past and lead a more fulfilling life. It's a complicated role, but one that the New York native has embraced, working directly with the show's producers to develop her character arc and watching Jane Fonda in Klute for inspiration.
Denise Vasi attributes her diligent work ethic to her mother, who raised the actress and her two younger brothers in Brooklyn, New York. After Denise was approached to model numerous times, a family friend eventually sent her snapshots to agencies, and the young girl of Puerto Rican, Dominican and Greek heritage was signed to Ford Models at the age of 12. From there, she went on to balance her modeling career with school, at Long Island University while booking modeling gigs and taking classes to pursue her long-term dream.
In addition to "All My Children," Denise's acting credits include the upcoming Disney feature film release "When in Rome", in which she plays opposite Jon Heder (Napoleon Dynamite, Blades of Glory), "Law and Order: Criminal Intent," the feature independent films Doorman and The Good Guy (starring Alexis Bledel), and music videos for Grammy-winning recording artist Common and R&B singer Mario.
Vasi was featured in the 2011 film "What's Your Number?", starring Anna Faris and Chris Evans.
Modeling.
Today, Vasi is represented by Next Models and has been featured in numerous on-camera and print campaigns for leading cosmetics and hair care brands including:
Olay- Spring 2007 and 2009 & Bobbi Brown -Spring 2008
Target, Nexxus, Urban Decay and Cosmopolitan’s “Beauty Capital of the World” NYC banner campaign
Vasi has also been featured in campaigns for fashion labels Fiorucci (Spring 2009), Dollhouse, American Eagle, Old Navy and UK brand Republic.
She can also be found gracing the pages of the Avon catalogue as well as modeling for Frederick's of Hollywood.

</doc>
<doc id="18693412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693412" title="Fernando Coto Albán">
Fernando Coto Albán

Fernando Coto Albán (October 30, 1919 – September 28, 1989) was a Costa Rican jurist. He succeeded Fernando Baudrit Solera as President of the Supreme Court of Justice of Costa Rica and held the position from 1975 to 1983.
He was born in Cartago, Costa Rica, October 30th 1919. His parents were Manuel Coto Arias and Ernestina Albán Cordero. He married Virginia Martén Pagés.

</doc>
<doc id="18693421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693421" title="Goseong Dinosaur Museum">
Goseong Dinosaur Museum

The Goseong Dinosaur Museum is in South Korea. The museum presents dinosaur footprint fossils.

</doc>
<doc id="18693423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693423" title="Domingo González Pérez">
Domingo González Pérez

Domingo González Pérez (August 3, 1842 - February 27, 1927) was a Costa Rican politician.

</doc>
<doc id="18693431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693431" title="I'm Just a Girl">
I'm Just a Girl

"I'm Just a Girl" is the fourth studio album released by American country singer/songwriter Deana Carter. The album peaked at #6 on the U.S. Top Country Albums chart and #58 on the Billboard 200, and produced two singles. "There's No Limit" was released in late 2002 as the lead single. The song was Carter's first Top 20 hit since "Absence of the Heart" in 1998, when it peaked at #14 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in early 2003. The title track was released the album's second single, which was a minor Top 40 hit. This was Carter's only release on Arista Nashville; she then switched to Vanguard for her next albums. The cover resembles a magazine cover. 
"You and Tequila" was later covered by country artist Kenny Chesney for his 2010 album "Hemingway's Whiskey". His version was released as the album's fourth single in May 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="18693437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693437" title="Aquileo J. Echeverría">
Aquileo J. Echeverría

Aquileo J. Echeverría (May 22, 1866 in San José,Costa Rica – March 11, 1909 in Barcelona) was a Costa Rican politician, writer, and journalist.
Honours.
The Premio Nacional Aquileo J. Echeverría was named for him and created by the Costa Rican Ministry of Youth Culture and Sports ("Ministerio de Cultura Juventud y Deportes") in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="18693444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693444" title="Cold Lake Museums">
Cold Lake Museums

The Cold Lake Museums are four museums that are located on the old facility of 42 Radar Squadron on the north edge of Cold Lake South. The museums included are the Cold Lake Air Force Museum, as well as the Oil and Gas, Heritage and Aboriginal Museums. Visitors enter from into the Air Force Museum First, then pass through a covered hallway to the other three museums. The museums first opened its doors on July 1, 1998. At this time, only the Heritage and Air Force Museums were open. The Aboriginal museum first opened on June 21, 2000.
The Museum is located in Cold Lake, Alberta, about NE of Edmonton. It is on top of 'Radar Hill' on at the north-east most edge of Cold Lake South.
Air Force Museum.
The Air Force Museum preserves and exhibits the history of CFB Cold Lake and of 42 Radar Squadron. 42 Radar was on this site from 1954 to 1992, so Cold War era technology is mostly on display in their exhibit. An example of this is the General Electric Height Finder Radar on display.
The Museum has much 4 Wing history on display. The current 4 Wing standing squadrons such as 409 Squadron, 410 Squadron, 419 Squadron, 1 Air Maintenance Squadron, Aerospace Engineering Test Establishment and others are displayed in the Museum. There are a few exhibits of purely historic nature, such as displays on 441 and 416, Squadrons which stood down in 2006 to be amalgamated into 409 Squadron. 
The Museum also has four aircraft on display outside, including the CF-5 Freedom Fighter, CT-133 Silver Star, the CT-114 Tutor and the CT-134 Musketeer. The newest addition to the air park is a CF-188 Decoy.
Oil and Gas Museum.
This exhibit was designed, researched and constructed by Grand Centre High School students. This museum explains the history of Oil and gas in the Cold Lake area from Paleolithic times to the present.
Heritage Museum.
The Heritage Museum exhibits a time line of life in Cold Lake, both domestic and commercial. The museum also boasts some impressive murals.
Aboriginal Museum.
The Aboriginal Museum displays the history of the Dene, Cree and Metis peoples in time lines, maps, crafts and cultural displays. There are also bears on display.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18693447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693447" title="Alberto Salom Echeverría">
Alberto Salom Echeverría

Alberto Salom Echeverría (born June 10, 1952 - in San José, Costa Rica) is a Costa Rican politician.

</doc>
<doc id="18693475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693475" title="Epsy Campbell Barr">
Epsy Campbell Barr

Epsy Campbell Barr (born 4 July 1963 in San José, Costa Rica) is a Costa Rican politician and economist. One of the Founders of the Citizens' Action Party (PAC), she has announced her intention of becoming the next candidate of her party, for the Costa Rica national elections in 2010. She is named after her grandmother (her father's mother), who migrated from Jamaica to the Costa Rican Caribbean coast with her husband. Epsy Campbell Barr was born in San José (in the Parenting Carita) in 1963, whilst her parents Shirley Barr Aird and Luis Campbell Patterson were living in San Francisco de Dos Rios. She is the fourth child of a family of five daughters and two sons. (Sisters: Doris, Narda, Sasha and Shirley, and brothers Luis and Gustavo, mario campbell and chistoper alexander .) She married at a young age and became mother when she was just starting her University studies. (Daughters: Narda, 22 and Tanisha, 27)
Education.
She attended her primary school in Las Gravilias and Ricardo Jiménez Oreamuno School where she graduated in 1975, and secondary education in the Liceo Franco Costarricense and the Colegio Superior de Señoritas. She studied flute and saxophone in the Youth Symphony Orchestra from 1976 to 1983.
Epsy Campbell began her university studies at the University of Costa Rica and later moved to the Regional Headquarters of the Limón province, where she studied and worked simultaneously. She lived in the Caribbean for ten years, then returned to San Jose, where she graduated as an economist at the Latin University of Costa Rica in 1998. She has an MA in Development Cooperation, Foundation for Cultural and Social Sciences of Spain in 2008. She entered politics after her social activism. Is a researcher and activist of Human Rights of Women and People of African Descent. She was President of the Partido Acción Ciudadana (PAC) in February 2005 to February 2009. National MP for the PAC in the period 2002-2006, and head of its fraction from 2003 to 2005. In the elections of 2006 was a candidate for first vice-presidency.
Organizations.
Epsy Campbell has been the head of the Center for Women of African Descent, the Alliance of Leaders of African descent in Latin America and the Caribbean, and the Black Parliament of the Americas. She has participated in several conferences and meetings around the world, as the Fourth World Conference on Women in Beijing, China, the III World Conference Against Racism in Durban, South Africa, the World Conference on the Environment, Eco 92, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and the First Encounter of Black Women of Latin America and the Caribbean, held in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. She was Coordinator of the Women's Forum for Central American Integration of the Network of Afro-Caribbean and Afro-Latin American Women and organizer of the Second Meeting of Afro-Caribbean and Afro-Latin American Women in San Jose, Costa Rica. She has written books and articles on topics such as democracy, inclusion, political and economic participation of women, people of African descent, sexism and racism, among others. And an expert on issues of social development, equity, political participation of women and African descent.
2013 Presidential Bid.
After serving in the legislature for four years (2002-2006) and running for vice president in 2006, Campbell decided to seek the nomination of the PAC. She traveled the country in an RV, taking her anti-corruption and accountability message to PAC voters. As of February, 2013, she was the most popular opposition candidate; however, she bowed out of the race to Luis Guillermo Solís. The PAC's candidate will try to unset the National Liberation Party which has dominated Costa Rican politics since 1951 for all but one election.
2014 Deputy Race.
At present, Campbell is running for a deputy position in San Jose, Costa Rica. She is running as a PAC candidate.

</doc>
<doc id="18693479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693479" title="Richard E. Cook">
Richard E. Cook

Richard Ernest Cook (born September 7, 1930) is a former general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and was also the chief financial officer for the Perpetual Education Fund. He is married to Mary N. Cook, a young women leader in the LDS Church. Cook was the first mission president of the LDS Church in Mongolia.
Cook was born in Pleasant Grove, Utah. He was received a bachelor's degree from Brigham Young University and an MBA degree from Northwestern University. He spent most of his career as a financial executive with Ford Motor Company. He married Clea Searle in 1950 and they had four children. She died in 1984. He married Mary Nielsen in 1988.
He served in the LDS Church as a counselor in the presidency of the Bloomfield Hills Michigan Stake. In the mid-1990s, Cook and his wife, Mary, went to Mongolia to serve as missionaries for the LDS Church. He served as the first mission president in Mongolia. He was a member of the church's Second Quorum of the Seventy from 1997 to 2001. During much of this time he served in the Asia Area presidency.
From 2001 to 2012, Cook served as the chief financial officer of the Perpetual Education Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="18693488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693488" title="John Drew Sperry">
John Drew Sperry

John Drew Sperry (February 10, 1851 – October 7, 1933) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Lunenburg County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1889 to 1896, from 1897 to 1901 and from 1902 to 1906. Sperry represented Lunenburg in the Canadian House of Commons from 1909 to 1911 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Petit Rivière, Nova Scotia, the son of John Charles Sperry and Mary Ann Drew, and was educated at the Sackville Academy. Sperry married Maria Dauphinee. He served 12 years on the Lunenburg County council, also serving as county warden. Sperry was first elected to the provincial assembly in an 1889 by-election held after the death of George A. Ross. He resigned his seat in 1896 to run unsuccessfully for a federal seat. He was first elected to the House of Commons in an 1909 by-election held after Alexander Kenneth Maclean resigned his seat to served in the provincial assembly; Sperry was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1911. He died in Petite-Rivière at the age of 82.
His son Aubrey also served in the provincial assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="18693489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693489" title="German railway wagon classes">
German railway wagon classes

The system of German railway wagon classes ("Wagengattungen") was introduced in Germany in 1902 and 1905 by the Prussian state railways based on their system of norms, and was soon taken up by the other state railways ("Länderbahnen"). On the formation of the Deutsche Reichsbahn, the system became mandatory across the whole of Germany. In the course of the years more and more adjustments to it were made. It was finally replaced between 1964 and 1968 when the two German railway administrations - the Deutsche Bundesbahn and the Deutsche Reichsbahn (East Germany) - adopted the internationally standard UIC classifications for passenger coaches and goods wagons. Today, you will still find the system regularly being used for narrow gauge goods wagons, because these were not generally given UIC designations, as well as on many historic vehicles.
The wagon class comprises one or more "main class letters" ("Hauptgattungszeichen") (in capitals, sometimes with lower case letters in between) and possibly several "secondary class letters" ("Nebengattungszeichen") (always in lower case). Combinations of several main class letters are possible, e.g. on passenger coaches with different accommodation classes.
Main class letters.
In order to distinguish bogie wagons, the last letter of the main class was doubled to begin with, e.g. "BC" → "BCC", "G" → "GG" (exceptions were the "Post", "Salon", "Schlaf" und "Speise" where there was no difference). From 1928 the system was changed on passenger coaches. Instead of doubling the letters, the number of axles was indicated where it was greater than two. So an eight-wheeled BC coach was no longer classified as a "BCC" but as a "BC4". That now made it possible to distinguish passenger coaches with three axles or more. For goods wagons, the doubling of letters was retained. Only on "Dgw" and "ZM" wagons was the differentiation dropped, whilst the "BT", "H", "Pwg", "V" and "VO" wagons had no bogie variants anyway.

</doc>
<doc id="18693502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693502" title="Unorganized Mainland Manitoulin District">
Unorganized Mainland Manitoulin District

Unorganized Mainland Manitoulin is a former unorganized area in the Canadian province of Ontario, encompassing the small mainland portion of the Manitoulin District which was not part of the municipality of Killarney. It was dissolved and annexed into Killarney in 2006.
It comprised the geographic townships of Carlyle and Humboldt, as well as the unpopulated former Point Grondine Indian reserve. The only named settlement within the division is the ghost town of Collins Inlet.
The division had a population of five in the Canada 2006 Census, and a land area of . There were a total of nine private dwellings of which one was occupied by usual residents. It had no population in the 2001 census, while there were two persons living in the area in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18693515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693515" title="William A. Horning">
William A. Horning

William Allen Horning (November 9, 1904 – March 2, 1959) was an American multiple Academy Award winner. He was married to Esther Montgomery until his death.
At the 31st Academy Awards ceremony for 1958, Horning received a posthumous Academy Award for Best Art Direction for that year's Best Picture winner, "Gigi". The following year, he received two additional posthumous Oscar nominations, one for Alfred Hitchcock's "North by Northwest" and another for the 1959 epic film "Ben-Hur". At the 32nd Academy Awards ceremony, Horning won the Academy Award for Best Art Direction for "Ben-Hur", that year's Best Picture winner. Like producer Sam Zimbalist, Horning was awarded his second Oscar posthumously, as both he and Zimbalist had died while the movie was still being filmed. To date, Horning is the only individual ever to win posthumous Academy Awards in consecutive ceremonies.

</doc>
<doc id="18693518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693518" title="Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang">
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang

Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang (; born 18 June 1989) is a professional footballer who plays for the German club Borussia Dortmund and the Gabon national football team. Aubameyang joined Borussia Dortmund in July 2013 and with BVB, won the 2013 DFL-Supercup. He is known for his pace and is capable of playing as a forward and winger.
Club career.
Early career.
Aubameyang joined A.C. Milan youth team in January 2007. In August, he was part of the squad that finished fourth in the inaugural Champions Youth Cup held in Malaysia and was awarded the "Roberto Bettega Trophy" for being the top scorer. He scored seven goals in six matches.
France.
For the 2008–09 season, Aubameyang was loaned out to Dijon FCO, in order to gain some first team experience. His performances there led him to appear in "World Soccer's" Talent Scout section in Summer 2009.
On 24 June 2009, it was announced Ligue 1 club Lille OSC had decided to sign Aubameyang on loan.
In the following season, he was loaned out again, this time to AS Monaco. On 21 August 2010, Aubameyang scored his first goal for Monaco in an away match versus RC Lens. He scored again on 29 August at home to AJ Auxerre where his Monaco team won 2–0.
In January 2011, after six months at Monaco, Aubameyang was loaned to AS Saint-Étienne until the end of the 2010–11 season. In July 2011, the loan was extended for the entire 2011–12 season. On 22 December 2011, Aubameyang signed with Saint-Étienne on a permanent deal. In February 2012, Aubameyang scored his first hat-trick against FC Lorient. In a warm up in a match against Olympique Lyonnais, he wore a £2,500 pair of swarovski crystals encrusted boots.
On 20 April 2013, Aubameyang was in the starting line-up for Saint-Étienne in the 2013 Coupe de la Ligue Final. "Les Verts" won the match 1–0 with a goal from Brandão to give Aubameyang his first major trophy as a professional footballer.
In the 2012–13 Ligue 1 season, Aubameyang ended second in the competition's top-goalscorers list with 19 goals. From his 37 appearances he also provided eight assists.
Borussia Dortmund.
On 4 July 2013, Aubameyang joined Champions League finalists Borussia Dortmund on a five year contract. He made his competitive debut for his new club on 27 July 2013 against Bayern Munich in the DFL-Supercup, replacing Jakub Błaszczykowski in the second-half of Dortmund's 4–2 victory.
On 10 August 2013, Aubameyang made his Bundesliga debut and scored a hat-trick against FC Augsburg, including a goal from his first shot in the league. In the process, Aubameyang also became the first Gabonese player to appear in the Bundesliga.
On 27 November 2013, Aubemayang scored his first Champions League goal in a 3–1 win against Napoli in the group stage of the 2013–14 competition.
International career.
Aubameyang was invited to play for Italy U-19s after a good season with Dijon, but he debuted for the France U-21 team in February 2009 in a friendly match against Tunisia.
On 25 March 2009, Aubameyang was selected for the Gabon national football team and made his debut for the team. He scored his first goal in a 3–2 victory over Morocco.
Aubameyang was a key member of the Gabon national side that reached the quarter finals of the 2012 African Cup of Nations as co-hosts of the competition. He netted three goals in total, finishing the tournament as one of the top scorers. On 5 February 2012, he set up the opening goal for his team and hit the post in the quarter-final against Mali. However, the match ended 1–1 after extra time and Aubameyang had his penalty saved in the shootout to decide the game.
In July 2012, Aubameyang represented Gabon at the 2012 Olympic Games held in London. He scored the team's only goal of the tournament in a 1–1 draw with Switzerland.
On 15 June 2013, Aubameyang scored a hat-trick of penalty kicks in Gabon's 4–1 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifying win over Niger.
Personal life.
Aubameyang is the son of former Gabonese international Pierre Aubameyang and younger brother of Catilina and Willy, who both have played for Milan youth teams. On 17 July 2013, he bought a mansion worth £1.2 million in Germany. Aubameyang frequently thanks God for things in his life. 

</doc>
<doc id="18693530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693530" title="International Association for the Reunification of the Parthenon Sculptures">
International Association for the Reunification of the Parthenon Sculptures

The International Association for the Reunification of the Parthenon Sculptures is a campaign group, which joins together various organizations around the world whose primary aim is to bring about the reunification of all the surviving Parthenon Sculptures to Athens, Greece.
The Association was founded in November 2005 at a meeting in Athens of twelve national reunification organisations organised by the Greek government.
The founder & current chair of the campaign is David Hill, who is also involved with some of member organizations. At the time of the launch, a declaration was released which encapsulated the common goals of all the members.
The original twelve members of the Association were:
Various other organisations joined later bringing the total number of members to seventeen:
The International Association of the Parthenon Sculptures is governed by a charter & only acts based on the unanimous agreement of its members. Each member organisation nominates a delegate from their members to represent them on the committee.

</doc>
<doc id="18693543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693543" title="István Beöthy">
István Beöthy

István (Etienne) Beöthy (1897 – 27 November 1961) was a Hungarian sculptor and architect who mainly lived and worked in France.
Biography.
After the First World War, in which he served, Beöthy began to study architecture in Budapest. There he was in contact with the avant-garde poet and painter Lajos Kassák, who familiarized him with the tenets of constructivism and suprematism. His earliest work as an architectural draftsman, from 1919, displayed constructivist tendencies. In that same year he would write the manifesto "Section d'Or" (The Golden Section), which did not appear in Paris until 1939. 
From 1920 to 1924 Beöthy studied under János Vaszary at the Budapest Academy of Art. He travelled on a grant to Vienna, from where he undertook other travels to western Europe, until in 1925 he settled in Paris. Beöthy found a place in the Parisian art scene and took part in the exhibit of the Salon des Indépendents. In 1927 he married Anna Steiner, and in 1928 he had his first one-man show in the Galerie Sacre-Printemps. 
In 1931 Beöthy co-founded the group Abstraction-Creation with sculptor Georges Vantongerloo and painter Auguste Herbin, and was its vice-president for a time. From 1931 to 1939 he had an exclusive contract with Leonce Rosenberg's gallery "l'Effort Moderne" (The Modern Effort), and in 1938 he organized an exhibit in Budapest, which was the first exposure of nonfigurative art to the public in Hungary. Like Herbin, he later explored parallels to other forms of self-expression, particularly music. His sculptures after this point develop along the lines of harmonies, which interact with each other like musical notes. 
During World War II Beöthy designed fliers for the French Resistance. In 1946 he became a founding member of the "Salon des Realities Nouvelles" (Salon of the New Realists), and the "Galerie Maeght" in Paris showed a retrospective of his work. In 1951 he became a founding member of another group, "Espace", and founded the journal "Formes et Vie" (Life Forms) with the artist Fernand Léger and the architect Le Corbusier. For a short time between 1952 and 1953 he gave lectures on color and proportion to architecture classes at the École des Beaux-Arts, and in his subsequent years he worked together with architects and was otherwise part of the planning for the expansion of Le Havre. 
Beöthy died in Paris on 27 November 1961. 

</doc>
<doc id="18693546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693546" title="John Paul Edwards">
John Paul Edwards

John Paul Edwards (1884–1968) was an American photographer and a member of the famous Group f/64.
He was born in Minnesota on June 5, 1884, and moved to California in 1902. It is not known how he became interested in photography, but by the early 1920s he was a member of the Oakland Camera Club, the San Francisco Photographic Society, and the Pictorial Photographers of America. His early photographs were in the pictorialist style, but by the late 1920s he had changed to a pure straight photography style.
Sometime around 1930 he met Willard Van Dyke and Edward Weston. Within two years they had become good friends, and in 1932 Edwards was invited to be a founding member of Group f/64, along with Weston, Van Dyke, Ansel Adams, Imogen Cunningham, Sonya Noskowiak and Henry Swift. He participated in the landmark Group f/64 exhibit at the M.H. de Young Memorial Museum, showing nine images of boats, anchor chains and farm wagons.
He continued to photograph for many years after Group f/64 dissolved in 1935, but he did not gain any of the fame of many other members of the group. In 1967 he and his wife donated an important collection of photographs to the Oakland Museum. He died in Oakland, California, in 1968.
References.
Heyman, Therese Thau. "Seeing Straight: The Group f.64 Revolution in Photography" (Oakland: Oakland Museum, 1992)

</doc>
<doc id="18693548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693548" title="Sigurðsson">
Sigurðsson

Sigurðsson is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Sigurður". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18693552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693552" title="Sigurdsson">
Sigurdsson

Sigurdsson is a surname of Norwegian origin, meaning "son of Sigurd". The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18693558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693558" title="Gilbert Rondeau">
Gilbert Rondeau

Gilbert F. Rondeau (7 March 1928 – 9 March 1994) was a Social Credit Party and Ralliement créditiste member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Sainte-Élisabeth-de-Warwick, Quebec and became a businessman, industrialist and insurance agent.
Political career.
Rondeau first campaigned in the 1949 federal election at the Beauharnois riding for the Union of Electors party, but did not win the seat.
His next election campaign was in the 1962 federal election where he won the Shefford riding for the Social Credit Party. After re-election to a second term in the 1963 election, Rondeau was defeated in 1965 by Liberal candidate Louis-Paul Neveu. Rondeau won the Shefford seat back in the following national election in 1968, and was re-elected in 1972 and 1974. 
Being one of the few Social Credit politicians who was able to speak English, Rondeau helped represent the predominantly francophone party across Canada. But Rondeau's political career was ended by charges of Unemployment Insurance fraud for which he was convicted and sentenced to a five-month prison term. Because of these legal problems, he was ejected from the Social Credit Party in 1977 and was an independent member for the remainder of the 30th Canadian Parliament. In the 1979 election, Rondeau campaigned at Shefford as an independent but lost to Jean Lapierre of the Liberals.
Rondeau died on 9 March 1994 because of complications arising from gallstone removal surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="18693568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693568" title="Unorganized West Manitoulin District">
Unorganized West Manitoulin District

Unorganized West Part Manitoulin is an unorganized area in Manitoulin District in northeastern Ontario, Canada, encompassing the portion of Manitoulin Island which is not part of an organized municipality. It comprises the geographic townships of Robinson and Dawson.
Separate local services boards provide services in Robinson and Dawson townships.
Communities.
The division includes the communities of Burnt Island, Cook's Dock, Fernlee, Meldrum Bay and Silver Water.
Meldrum Bay.
Meldrum Bay () is located at the western terminus of Highway 540, 72 kilometers west of Gore Bay. Settled in the 1870s, and named after a town in Scotland, Meldrum Bay developed as a commercial fishing and lumbering centre. Once the village was home to a busy fishing fleet, and Great Lakes steamers tied up at the docks.
From the 1920s the Owen Sound Transportation Company steamers provided weekly ferry service between Meldrum Bay and Thessalon, on its route between Owen Sound and Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, however, the 1962 opening of the Trans-Canada Highway, and other road improvements has made this service unprofitable. Now during the summer, the docks are busy again, lined with pleasure craft from around the Great Lakes. This area holds some of the best chinook salmon fishing in all of Canada.
Many residents of the area are employed by Lafarge, whose quarry near Meldum Bay produces dolomite used in concrete, road construction and metallurgical processing. This Lafarge Canada site is the home of the "largest Canadian marine quarry," with loading docks on the Mississagi Strait.

</doc>
<doc id="18693583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693583" title="Cool Beans Productions">
Cool Beans Productions

Cool Beans Productions is a defunct multimedia company that was based in Sheffield. They were known for their web comic design, web publishing and digital animations.
History.
The company was founded in 1996 as an offshoot to the localisation company Polylang. Cool Beans Productions went into administrative receivership in May 2002.
During the late 1990s the company operated as a work for hire digital animation studio. Cool Beans produced publicity art, box art and computer graphics for movies.

</doc>
<doc id="18693603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693603" title="Philodendron crassinervium">
Philodendron crassinervium

Philodendron crassinervium is a species of plant in the Araceae family. 
It is native to southeast Brazil and is part of the section "Baursia". In fact, it is the type species of this section. It has long lance-shaped leaves that point upwards with a large predominant midvein. The midvein is used to store water for periods of drought that occur during the dry season. Along the midvein there are small red glands that produce a clear sap that results in a freckled-look on both sides of the leaves. The leaves themselves can grow to almost a meter long with a width of about 10 cm. Also, the plant has a climbing growth habit. The aerial roots of the plant are red when they first begin growing and later turn a dark brown with age.
The spadix of philodendron crassinervium gets to about 20-25 cm long and is covered by a spathe that is white with shades of a dark red towards the bottom where the spadix emerges. The berries produced contain eight axile ovules in each ovary locule.
There are some species that resemble Philodendron crassinervium, such as Philodendron longilaminatum.

</doc>
<doc id="18693615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693615" title="66 Drive-In">
66 Drive-In

66 Drive-In is a historic drive-in theater along U.S. Route 66 in Carthage, Missouri which opened on September 22, 1949, four years before the first local television stations signed on in the Joplin-Springfield area. In an era before widespread adoption of transistors and before the invention of integrated circuits, car radios were not standard equipment in all vehicles. The few radios installed in vehicles were of vacuum tube design and power-hungry by modern standards. A series of poles in the car park of the nine-acre site were therefore deployed to hold loudspeakers so that viewers could hear the movie.
When television became a rival to cinema in the 1950s, movie studios went to widescreen format to differentiate their product from broadcast TV; the drive-in's screen was widened sometime after 1953 to accommodate the change in format. A playground was added on-site during the baby boom era.
The cinema was closed in 1985, but was renovated and reopened in 1998. It now shows two movies Friday, Saturday, Sunday every week.
The speakers are now gone, although the poles which once supported them remain.
A drive-in movie venue with many strong similarities to the original 66 Drive-In design (such as the original screen aspect ratio, pole-mounted speakers and neon signage on the marquée) appears during the epilogue of Pixar's 2006 film "Cars". The fictional drive-in is depicted as screening parody versions of other Pixar feature films.

</doc>
<doc id="18693623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693623" title="Narciso Esquivel y Salazar">
Narciso Esquivel y Salazar


</doc>
<doc id="18693625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693625" title="List of ensemble formations in traditional Chinese music">
List of ensemble formations in traditional Chinese music

This is a list of ensemble formations in traditional Chinese music:
"Luogu" and drum ensembles.
"Luogu" (锣鼓; pinyin: luógǔ; literally "gongs and drums") are Chinese percussion ensembles, which are typically made up of several different types of drums (鼓; pinyin: gǔ) and several different types of metal idiophones, usually including gongs (鑼/锣; pinyin: luó) and cymbals (鈸; pinyin: bó). Such ensembles sometimes play in juxtaposition with melodic ensembles. There are also ensembles that consist solely of drums.
Loud wind and percussion ensembles.
Ensembles comprising loud wind instruments (including "suona", "guanzi", "sheng", and sometimes also "dizi", long straight brass trumpets, or string instruments) and the percussion instruments of the "luogu" ensemble are usually referred to as either "guchui" (literally "drumming blowing") or "chuida" (literally "blowing [and hitting") ensembles. Such ensembles traditionally perform outdoors, often while marching, for weddings, funerals, or (originally) military purposes. They include the following:
Silk and bamboo ensembles.
Ensembles made up primarily of strings, flutes, and small percussion instruments are usually referred to as "sizhu" (丝竹; pinyin: sīzhú; literally "silk bamboo") ensembles. They include:
Buddhist and Daoist ritual music.
Once performed regularly at Buddhist and Daoist temples throughout China, since 1949 such music has experienced a significant decline, and may now be found at only a few temples in China and Taiwan.
Ancient Chinese orchestra.
The ancient Chinese orchestra, which comprised up to several hundred or more traditional Chinese musical instruments of many types, existed from at least the Shang Dynasty and performed "yayue" (雅樂) music for court rituals and sacrifices, as well as for entertainment of the court.
Modern Chinese orchestra.
The modern Chinese orchestra, comprising up to 100 or more traditional (or modernized traditional) Chinese musical instruments, as well as often cellos and double basses, was developed in the early 20th century.
Non-Han ensembles.
Many ensembles are found only among China's 55 ethnic minorities. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="18693626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693626" title="Hill 60 Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery">
Hill 60 Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery

Hill 60 Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery dating from World War I at the Northern end of the former Anzac sector of the Gallipoli Peninsula, Turkey and the location of Hill 60 (New Zealand) Memorial, one of four memorials on the peninsula which commemorate New Zealanders killed in the campaign but who have no known grave.
The battles at Gallipoli, some of whose participating soldiers are buried at this cemetery, was an eight-month campaign fought by Commonwealth and French forces against Turkish forces in an attempt to force Turkey out of the war, to relieve the deadlock of the Western Front (France/Belgium) and to open a supply route to Russia through the Dardanelles and the Black Sea. 
The main landings were in April 1915, but failure to make any progress led to a further landing at Suvla Bay to the North of the existing Allied positions on 6 August. However indecision and confusion led delays allowing the Turkish defenders to reinforce their positions, resulting in a stalemate.
Hill 60 was a low Turkish occupied knoll 60 metres above sea level at the northern end of the Sari Bair range which nevertheless dominated the Allied positions near Suvla bay. It was the location of the Battle of Hill 60, the last major assault of the campaign, launched on 21 August 1915 to coincide with the attack on Scimitar Hill made from the Suvla front by General Stopford's British IX Corps. The battle lasted for 8 days, and although Australian troops reached the top of the hill the vital north facing slopes which overlooked Suvla remained in Turkish hands.
The cemetery, on the site of some of the trenches fought over during the battle, was used following the battle and extensively enlarged after the Armistice from remains found on the surrounding battlefield and from 42 graves moved in from Norfolk Trench Cemetery. 712 of the graves are unidentified, but special memorials commemorate 34 casualties thought to be amongst them. 
The cemetery also contains one of four memorials commemorating New Zealand troops who do not have known graves, the Hill 60 (New Zealand) Memorial, and contains the names of 183 New Zealand soldiers killed during the battle. The cemetery also contains the identified graves of 13 New Zealanders (one of whom was in the Australian Imperial Force), and a further 16 are thought to be buried in the cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18693640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693640" title="Iodophenpropit">
Iodophenpropit

Iodophenpropit is a histamine antagonist which binds selectively to the H3 subtype. Its 125I radiolabelled form is used for mapping the distribution of H3 receptors in the body.

</doc>
<doc id="18693643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693643" title="Máximo Fernández Alvarado">
Máximo Fernández Alvarado

Born in Desamparados in 1858, he graduated as a Bachelor in Philosophy and Letters at the University of Santo Tomas at fourteen years old and as a lawyer in the same institution in 1881 with merit. 
He occupied several important positions, among them these are Secretary of State, Deputy and President of the Constitutional Congress 1913 -1914 and 1916 - 1917. He founded the Partido Republicano, an ideology that combined doctrines of liberalism and populism, and was a candidate to the presidency in Costa Rican elections of 1902, 1906 and 1913. On several occasions he was exiled for political reasons. He also published a poetic anthology.
He died in San Jose in 1933. 

</doc>
<doc id="18693648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693648" title="Denford Park">
Denford Park

Denford Park is a country house and surrounding estate in the English county of Berkshire, within the civil parish of Kintbury.
The estate lies near to the A4 road, and is located approximately north-east of Hungerford. Denford Park was built in 1832 for George Henry Cherry. It was the home of Apsley Cherry-Garrard, the Antarctic explorer. Between 1967 and 2002, the building housed Norland College.
Denford Park House

</doc>
<doc id="18693655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693655" title="Impentamine">
Impentamine

Impentamine is a histamine antagonist selective for the H3 subtype.

</doc>
<doc id="18693657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693657" title="Fernando Volio Jiménez">
Fernando Volio Jiménez


</doc>
<doc id="18693671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693671" title="Conessine">
Conessine

Conessine is a steroid alkaloid found in a number of plant species from the "Apocynaceae" family, including "Holarrhena floribunda", "Holarrhena antidysenterica" and "Funtumia elastica", several of which are used in traditional herbal medicine as a treatment for amoebic dysentery. It acts as a histamine antagonist, selective for the H3 subtype (with an affinity of pKi=8.27; Ki~5nM). It was also found to have long CNS clearance times, high blood-brain barrier penetration and high affinity for the adrenergic receptors.

</doc>
<doc id="18693676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693676" title="Mauro Fernández Acuña">
Mauro Fernández Acuña

Mauro Fernández Acuña (December 19, 1843 – July 16, 1905) was a Costa Rican politician and lawyer.
Biography.
He studied law at the University of Santo Tomás from which he graduated in 1869. He reached several positions in the Supreme Court of Justice of Costa Rica and was university professor of the College of Lawyers. He was a delegate in the Costa Rican Constituent Assembly in 1880 and again in 1885, 1892 and 1902. He was President of the Congress, Minister of Property and Commerce, advisor of State and Director of the Bank of Costa Rica. 
In 1885 he was named by the President Bernardo Soto Alfaro in the Secretary of Public Instruction, where he initiated a reform in Costa Rican education of the country, which triggered the closing of the University of Santo Tomás which he had ironically studied at and instead more funding was put into Secondary Education. 
He died in San José on the 16 of July 1905. He was a declared a Benemérito de la Patria, a title given to honorable Costa Rican persons in history by Executive Decree 109 on June 18 of 1955. 

</doc>
<doc id="18693690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693690" title="Eusebio Figueroa Oreamuno">
Eusebio Figueroa Oreamuno


</doc>
<doc id="18693691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693691" title="Niperotidine">
Niperotidine

Niperotidine is a histamine antagonist selective for the H2 subtype. It was trialled as a treatment for excessive gastric acidity, but withdrawn after human trials showed liver damage.
Adverse effects.
Antacid preparations such as niperotidine by suppressing acid mediated break down of proteins, leads to an elevated risk of developing food or drug allergies. This happens due to undigested proteins then passing into the gastrointestinal tract where sensitisation occurs. It is unclear whether this risk occurs with only long-term use or with short-term use as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18693714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693714" title="Francisco Calderón Guardia">
Francisco Calderón Guardia

Francisco Calderón Guardia (13 June 1906 – 17 July 1977) was a Costa Rican politician.
Guardia was a member of the influential Calderón-Guardia family, born in San Jose, the son of Rafael Ángel Calderón Muñoz and Ana Maria Guardia Mora. He was married three times, first in 1937 with Leticia G.H.G. Bernini, second with Josefina Gonzalez and third in 1965 with Maria Luisa Lopez Mejia.
During the presidential administration of his brother Rafael Ángel Calderón Guardia, Francisco Calderón Guardia was Secretary of the Interior (1940-1942) and Minister of Public Security (1942-1944). From 1940 until 1944, Guardia was third Vice President of Costa Rica. During which time he served for five days (1 to 5 December 1941) as the interim President, while his brother was on a trip to Nicaragua. He was first Vice President of Costa Rica in the following administration of Teodoro Picado Michalski, 1944-1948.
After the civil war of 1948, Guardia and his brothers fled to Nicaragua. Later he moved to Mexico, from whence he returned to Costa Rica in 1958. He was again a member of the Costa Rican government as a deputy from 1958 to 1962 in the administration of Mario Echandi Jiménez. In 1966, he joined with his brother, Rafael Ángel, in forming the National Unification Party, and after his brother's death in 1970, Guardia became the most prominent figure in the party.
Francisco Calderón Guardia died in San Jose, Costa Rica, on 17 July 1977.
External links.
Category:Costa Rican politicians

</doc>
<doc id="18693724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693724" title="Bert le Vack">
Bert le Vack

Herbert 'Bert' le Vack (1887 – 17 September 1931) was a motorcycle world speed record holder throughout the 1920s and earned the nickname the 'Wizard of Brooklands' for his exploits at the Brooklands Track. 
An expert racing engine tuner, le Vack worked for some of the great marques and in the late 1920s joined Motosacoche in Switzerland as the works rider, chief designer and tuner. Bert le Vack was killed in an accident in 1931 testing the Motosacoche A50 in the Swiss Alps but is generally regarded as being one of the greatest racing motorcyclists of his day.
Biography.
Despite his surname, Bert le Vack was born in North London and was of Scottish descent, the son of an upholsterer and antique dealer Albert Edward le Vack. Bert's grandfather was John le Vack, a Scottish steam locomotive engineer, who moved to London from his birthplace in Caithness. Bert's first job was with Legros and Knowles, of Willesden Junction. He moved on to work for Daimler, Napier and the London General Omnibus Company. Le Vack began his racing career on bicycles but once he visited Brooklands he began tuning motorcycles and won the first hill climb he entered on a 1909 Triumph. In 1912 he competed in the London to Edinburgh Run and in 1913 he was working with another JAP test rider at Brooklands called John Wallace, who was sacked for being 'under age'. On the outbreak of World War I they both joined Scottish car makers Arrol-Johnston and turned their talents to designing, assembling and testing aero engines. Wallace founded Duzmo Motorcycles In the 1914 Senior TT he averaged and won a Gold Medal.
After the war le Vack had his own garage and it was a chance exchange of a Scott for an MAG-engined Edmund that re-awakened his interest in motorcycle racing. Tuning up the Edmund led to the neglect of his business, so when he had an offer of employment from Wallace he agreed and began developing Duzmo engines. He then built a competition motorcycle that he used in competitions and demonstrations. He called the bike the 'Ace' and then it became the 'Duzmo' in 1920 when Bert became well known as a racer.
Towards the end of 1920 Bert moved to the Hendee Manufacturing Co, who made Indian motorcycles in Springfield, Massachusetts. He joined their London Depot and developed the eight valve Indian engine. Bert married Ethel Dale in 1912 and there were four children. He divorced Ethel in 1929 and later remarried.
Le Vack was very much in favour of using alcohol-based fuels in racing and obtained supplies from a London distillery. This led to an offer to work as an engine designer for John A. Prestwich, founder of the JAP company who produced racing engines for many top marques, including Brough Superior. Le Vack used his experience of the Indian Powerplus on which he won the famous 500-Mile Race at Brooklands in 1921 to help JAP develop their British vee-twin into what he called a "Yank-buster" - the 'Super Big Twin', so called because of its 986 cc ohv engine. (Indian subsequently dropped out of international competition).
Although le Vack only stayed with JAP for four years he played a significant part in their success and JAP advertisements in the "Motor Cycle" showed Bert on a Brough Superior with the 976 cc vee-twin JAP engine. As well as his tuning knowledge, le Vack gained a reputation for blending special racing fuels and had his own workshop in the Tottenham factory. Described as a quietly spoken man with few friends, le Vack became something of an enigma. in a rare interview for "The Motor Cycle" in 1923 with the title 'The Making of a Speed Man', he described his early days when he nearly blew himself up by looking into a petrol tank at night with a match.
In the late 1920s he joined Motosacoche in Geneva, Switzerland, for whom he had already ridden in the 1914 Isle of Man Tourist Trophy. Motosacoche built racing motorcycles and le Vack joined as the works rider, chief designer and tuner and was killed in the Swiss Alps on 17 September 1931, while testing the Motosacoche A50 on public roads close to their factory. His ashes were returned to England and interred near Brooklands in St Mary's churchyard, Byfleet not far from the grave of racing driver Parry Thomas. The inscription on his gravestone simply states 'In Loving Memory of Herbert Le Vack, Dearly Beloved Husband of Mary Helen Le Vack, Who Died in Switzerland, 16 September 1931'. Note it appears to record the date of his death incorrectly as 16 September 1931.
Racing career.
Bert le Vack rode for Brough Superior and helped keep T. E. Lawrence's Broughs tuned. He also rode for the leading manufacturers of the 1920s, including Indian, New Imperial and Zenith, After a time in Birmingham at the New Hudson works, Bert went to Motosacoche and rode for them in the 1914 Isle of Man Tourist Trophy Races. Bert won the Brooklands 500 in 1921 on a 1000 cc Indian. In 1923 he secured second place in the 1923 Lightweight Tourist Trophy Races with a New Imperial 250 cc - despite a breakdown that meant he had to push the bike half a mile to the finish.
References.
Bird, Roger (2008) ‘A Glimpse of the Vintage Years of Motorcycling at Brooklands’ (published by the author, no ISBN).

</doc>
<doc id="18693729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693729" title="Francisco Montealegre Fernández">
Francisco Montealegre Fernández

Early life and business career.
Montealegre was born in San José, Costa Rica in 1818. He was the son of Mariano Montealegre Bustamante y Gerónima Fernández Chacón. He later married Victoriana Gallegos Sáenz, the daughter of the head of state José Rafael de Gallegos y Alvarado.
He studied business in Great Britain. Upon returning to Costa Rica, he was active in the business world. He was the owner of valuable coffee plantations and was partner and manager of the powerful Banco Anglo-Costarricense. He also participated in other activities such as gold mining and the importation and sale of British goods.
Political career.
During the first phase of the war against William Walker's filibusters, Montealegre served as an aide to President Juan Rafael Mora Porras, together with his brother Mariano Montealegre Fernández. From 1858 to 1859 he was also Deputy for San José and was among the opponents of the Cañas-Jerez Treaty, which left Costa Rica without access to Lake Nicaragua and with a limited right of navigation in the lower reaches of the San Juan River.
Montealegre was out of the country in 1859, when a military coup overthrew Moro and installed his brother José María Montealegre Fernández in his place. During the latter's government (1860–1863), he was an important political figure as the Secretary of the Treasury and Commerce.
In 1868, the Constitutional Convention Party announced his candidacy for the presidency for the elections of 1869, but he declined the nomination. He was a member of the Constituent Assemblies of 1869 and 1870.
Later years.
In 1872 he moved to San Francisco, California, where he died in 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="18693749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693749" title="Downend, Berkshire">
Downend, Berkshire

Downend is a village in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Chieveley. The settlement lies near to the A34 road, and is located approximately north of Newbury.

</doc>
<doc id="18693751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693751" title="Germán Serrano Pinto">
Germán Serrano Pinto


</doc>
<doc id="18693763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693763" title="Krystal Meyers discography">
Krystal Meyers discography

This is a listing of discography from Krystal Meyers.
Non-album contributions.
Dance Praise.
Krystal Meyers currently has 4 songs featured in the Dance Praise series.

</doc>
<doc id="18693767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693767" title="Gerardo Gómez Ramírez">
Gerardo Gómez Ramírez


</doc>
<doc id="18693770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693770" title="T-beam">
T-beam

A T-beam, used in construction, is a load-bearing structure of reinforced concrete, wood or metal, with a t-shaped cross section. The top of the t-shaped cross section serves as a flange or compression member in resisting compressive stresses. The web of the beam below the compression flange serves to resist shear stress and to provide greater separation for the coupled forces of bending.
The T-beam has a big disadvantage compared to an -beam because it has no bottom flange with which to deal with tensile forces. One way to make a T-beam more efficient structurally is to use an inverted T-beam with a floor slab or bridge deck joining the tops of the beams. Done properly, the slab acts as the compression flange.
Overview and History of T-Beams.
 A T-beam is a structural element able to withstand large loads by resistance in the beam or by internal reinforcements. In some respects, the T-beam dates back to the first time a human formed a bridge with a pier and a deck. After all, a T-beam is, in one sense, no more than a pillar with a horizontal bed on top, or, in the case of the inverted T-beam, on the bottom (Ambrose & Tripeny, 2007, p. 104). The upright portion carrying the tension of the beam is termed a web, and the horizontal part that carries the compression is termed a flange (See Figure 1. below). However, the materials used have changed over the years but the basic structure is the same. T-beams structures such as highway overpasses, buildings and parking garages, have extra material added on the underside where the web joins the flange to reduce the T-beam’s vulnerability to shear stress (Chajas, 1995, p. 295). However, when one investigates more deeply into the design of T-beams, some distinctions appear.
Design of T-Beams
The T-beam, though simple in design, contains multiple design elements of interest. Unlike an I-beam, a T-beam lacks a bottom flange, which carries savings in terms of materials, but at the loss of resistance to tensile forces (Mirza & Furlong, 1985, p. 112). Parking garages, however, it is obvious that this lack of a bottom flange on a T-beam actually serves as an advantage in that the stem rests on shelf making the flange the upper deck (See Figure 2. below). T- beam designs come in many sizes, lengths and widths depending on what the structure is and its compression tension needs. However, the simplicity of the T-beam is in question by some who would rightly test more than one complex structure; for example, Cheng, Mohammed, and Mustapha (2009) tested pretension inverted T-beams with circular web openings (p. 203), with mixed but generally favorable results. Thus, in some cases, the extra time and effort invested in creating a more complex structure proves worthwhile. A simpler matter to consider is that of which material or materials make up the construction of T-beams. 
Steel T-Beams
 Steel T-beams manufacturing process includes: hot rolling, extrusion, plate welding and pressure fitting. A process of large rollers connecting two steel plates by pinching them together called pressure fitting is a common process for non-load bearing beams. The reality is that for most roadways and bridges today, it is more practical to bring concrete into the design as well. As pointed out by McCormac and Brown (2007), most T-beam construction is not with steel or concrete alone, but rather with the composite of the two, namely, reinforced concrete. Though the term could refer to any one of a number of means of reinforcement, generally, the definition is limited to concrete poured around rebar. MacGregor et al. (1997) describe this material and its use in T-beams at length, concluding that it is invaluable for the types of structures found in modern architecture. This shows that in considering materials available for a task, engineers need to consider the possibility that no one single material is adequate for the job; rather, combining multiple materials together may be the best solution. Thus, steel and concrete together can prove ideal.
Reinforced Concrete T-Beams
Concrete alone is brittle and thus overly subject to the shear stresses a T-beam faces where the web and flange meet. This is the reason that steel is combined with concrete in T-beams. Lim, Paramasivam, and Lee (1987) discuss the problem of shear stress leading to failures of flanges detaching from webs when under load. This could prove catastrophic if allowed to occur in real life; hence, the very real need to mitigate that possibility with reinforcement for concrete T-beams. In such composite structures, many questions arise as to the particulars of the design, including what the ideal distribution of concrete and steel might be: “To evaluate an objective function, a ratio of steel to concrete costs is necessary” (Chou, 1977, p. 1605). This demonstrates that for all aspects of the design of composite T-beams, equations are made only if one has adequate information. Still, there are aspects of design that some may not even have considered, such as the possibility of using external fabric-based reinforcement, as described by Chajes et al. (1995), who say of their tested beams, “All the beams failed in shear and those with composite reinforcement displayed excellent bond characteristics. For the beams with external reinforcement, increases in ultimate strength of 60 to 150 percent were achieved” (p. 295). When it comes to resistance to shear forces, external reinforcement is a valid option to consider. Thus, overall, the multiple important aspects of T-beam design impress themselves upon the student of engineering. 
Issues.
An issue with the T-beam compared to the I-beam is the lack of the bottom flange. In addition, this makes the beam not as versatile because of the weaker side not having the flange making it have less tensile strength.
Footnotes.
Concrete beams are often poured integrally with the slab, forming a much stronger
“T” – shaped beam. These beams are very efficient because the slab portion
carries the compressive loads and the reinforcing bars placed at the bottom of the
stem carry the tension. A T-beam typically has a narrower stem than an ordinary
rectangular beam. These stems are typically spaced from 4’-0” apart to more than
12’-0”. The slab portion above the stem is designed as a one-way slab spanning
between stems (see Lecture 6).
External links.
Ambrose, J. E., & Tripeny, P. (2007). Simplified design of concrete structures (8th ed.). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
Chajes, M. J., Januszka, T. F., Mertz, D. R., Thomson Jr., T. A., & Finch Jr, W. W. (1995). Shear strengthening of reinforced concrete beams using externally applied composite fabrics. ACI Structural Journal, 92(3), 295-303.
Cheng H.T., Mohammed B.S., & Mustapha K.N. (2009). Experimental and analytical analysis of pretensioned inverted T-beam with circular web openings. International Journal of Mechanics and Materials in Design, 5(2), 203-215.
Chou, T. (1977). Optimum reinforced concrete T-beam sections. Journal of the Structural Division, 103(8), 1605-1617.
Lim, T. Y., Paramasivam, P., & Lee, S. L. (1987). Shear and moment capacity of reinforced steel-fibre-concrete beams. Magazine of Concrete Research, 39(140), 148-160.
MacGregor, J. G., Wight, J. K., Teng, S., & Irawan, P. (1997). Reinforced concrete: Mechanics and design (Vol. 3). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
McCormac, J. C., & Brown, R. H. (2007). Design of reinforced concrete (8th ed.). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
Mirza S. A., & Furlong R. W. (1985). Design of reinforced and prestressed concrete inverted T- beams for bridge structures. Prestressed Concrete Institute, 30(4), 112-136.

</doc>
<doc id="18693781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693781" title="Victoria Guardia Alvarado">
Victoria Guardia Alvarado

She was born in San José, Costa Rica, in 1939. She studied at universities in Mexico and at the Diplomatic School of Spain. She entered the Ministry of External Relations on June 15, 1966. She has held numerous diplomatic positions, including First Secretary of the Embassy of Costa Rica in Madrid, head of Cabinet of the Minister, assistant director of International Organizations.
She has also been professor of the diplomatic Institute of the Costa Rican Chancellery.
She is married to Manuel Antonio Hernández Gutiérrez, also an Ambassador of Costa Rica.

</doc>
<doc id="18693808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693808" title="Alexander Grant (Nova Scotia politician)">
Alexander Grant (Nova Scotia politician)

Alexander Grant (born 1830) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Pictou County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1890 to 1897 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
He was born in Pictou County, Nova Scotia, the son of Hugh Grant, a Scottish immigrant, and was educated at the Academy there. Grant was a school commissioner, municipal councillor and mayor of Stellarton.

</doc>
<doc id="18693809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693809" title="List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1970">
List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1970

These are the number-one singles on the Top 100 Singles chart in 1970 as published in "Cashbox" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="18693812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693812" title="Ezequiel Gutiérrez Iglesias">
Ezequiel Gutiérrez Iglesias

Ezequiel Gutiérrez Iglesias was born in Cartago, Costa Rica, on 23 August 1840. He was the son of Francisco de Paula Gutiérrez y La Peña-Monje and Ramona Iglesias Llorente. He married Josefina Braun Bonilla.
Gutiérrez Iglesias pursued secondary studies in Guatemala and graduated with a bachelor's degree in law ("Licenciado en Leyes") from the University of St. Thomas (Universidad de Santo Tomás), where he was also a professor of grammar and philosophy.
He held numerous public offices, especially in the educational, diplomatic, and judiciary fields: a teacher at the Cartago Liceo de Niñas (Girls' School), functionary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and associated portfolios (1862–1864), Attaché (1864–1866) and Chargé d'affaires (1866–1869) for Costa Rica in the United States of America, Secretary of the Costa Rican Legation in Europe (1868–1869), Inspector General of Schools (1869–1870), Representative for Cartago in the National Constitutional Convention (1870), and Counselor for the Costa Rican Legation in Peru and Chile (1870–1871).
Gutiérrez Iglesias began his work in the Costa Rica Supreme Court of Justice ("Corte Suprema de Justicia de Costa Rica") as a minister (1871) and from 1876 to 1877 was a magistrate, an office from which he resigned to serve as the Costa Rican chargé d'affaires in Great Britain from 1877 to 1878. For his opposition to the dictatorship of President Tomás Guardia Gutiérrez, he was exiled from 1879 to 1882. After that, he was interim Judge of the National Treasury (1883), Minister Plenipotentiary of Costa Rica in the United States of America (1884), Financial Agent in Great Britain and Minister Plenipotentiary in El Salvador (1885). In 1886, he was newly elected as a magistrate, an office which he again resigned in August 1889 to fulfill the office of Secretary of Foreign Affairs and associated portfolios, from which he in turn resigned the next month and then again fulfilled from 1890 to 1891. In 1886, he was a member of the San José Charities Board and in 1893 Minister Plenipotentiary of Costa Rica in Nicaragua and Honduras. The Union Democratic party proposed him as a candidate for the presidency in the elections of 1906.
From 1910 to 1914, he was Representative for Cartago and Third Designate to the presidency. He presided over the Constitutional Congress from 1910 to 1913 and in the fulfillment of this office he was chosen in 1912 to be the Costa Rican delegate at the centennial celebration of the Constitution of Cadiz (Spanish Constitution of 1812).
From 1913 to 1918, he was the alternate magistrate for Costa Rica on the Central American Court of Justice and from 1914 to 1916 he directed the National Archives. In 1916, Congress elected him to be President of the Supreme Court of Justice for the 1916-1920 period, which was to be interrupted in April 1917 when it named a new court as a result of the military coup that occurred in January of that year and the subsequent election of Federico Alberto Tinoco Granados. From 1917 to 1919, he was Third Designate to the presidency.
Gutiérrez Iglesias died in San José, Costa Rica, on 22 August 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="18693820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693820" title="Johnny Cubert White, Jr.">
Johnny Cubert White, Jr.

Johnny Cubert White, Jr. (born September 20, 1966) is an American filmmaker and actor.
Personal life.
Johnny Cubert White, Jr. was born to teenaged runaways in Hammond, Indiana, USA. In 1974, White's parents - John and Georgia Kambiss White moved with Johnny and Jackie (his sister, born 1970) to Florida - living first in Clearwater, then to New Port Richey and Holiday Lake Estates and finally to Tarpon Springs, Florida where the family settled for many years. Johnny graduated from Tarpon Springs High School in 1984. His involvement in community service lead to many citations including The Palm Harbor Chamber of Commerce Award for Distinguished Service. His most active roll was as a member of Interact, a service organization sponsored by the Rotary Club of Tarpon Springs, of which he was President his senior year.
Matriculating to Oglethorpe University in Atlanta, Georgia - White continued his dedication to community service through Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity and the Rotaract Club, the latter of which he founded. Active in both the OU Players (college theatre group) and the Georgia Shakespeare Festival (an instrumental assistant in its founding) White honed his acting skills in productions including The Taming of the Shrew, Grease, The Elephant Man, The Fantastics and Much Ado About Nothing. Graduating in 1988 with a degree in Philosophy and Writing, White stayed in Atlanta through the fall, working as a bartender at Fat Tuesday's and studying acting through an apprentice fellowship program at The Academy Theatre. In 1989, he began his post-baccalaureate studies in Filmmaking at the University of South Florida. There he developed his interest in experimental filmmaking and in 1992, earned his Master's degree in Filmmaking at the prestigious The School of the Art Institute of Chicago. 
In 1993 White resurrected the Onion City Film Festival in Chicago and served as its Executive Director and Programmer until 1999.
From 1994–1998, he served on the Board of Directors of Chicago Filmmakers. 
From 1995–1997, White functioned as the Segment Producer of the Chicago Film Critics Awards. 
From 1996–2000, White worked as an Illinois Artist-In-Residence. 
Since 2000, Johnny White has resided in Los Angeles where he has been involved with rock bands and aspects of the film industry—including art direction, assistant directing, second unit directing, production design, casting, miscellaneous film crew, production management, writing, editing, cinematography, acting, directing, and producing.
Selected filmography.
Art Direction.
1:"The Bachelor" TV Show (2002)
2:"Top Design" TV Show, 10 episodes (January 2007-April 2007)
3:"Top Chef" TV Show, 13 episodes ( June 2007- September 2007)
Actor.
1: "Fast Food" (1989) Casino Patron (uncredited)
2: "The Relic" (1997) Graduate Student (uncredited)
3: "My Best Friend's Wedding" (1997) Karaoke patron (uncredited)
4: "Tax Day" (1998) Naked Chicken Bone Thrower
5: "Temporary Girl" (1998) Bicycle messenger
6: "Street Smarts" TV Series,(2000) Contestant
7: "The Removers" (2001) Downtown Extra
Casting Department.
1: "Miracle on 34th Street" (1994) key extras casting assistant
2: "Losing Isaiah" (1995)
3: "The Relic" (1997) extras casting assistant: set
4: "My Best Friends Wedding" (1997) extras casting coordinator
5: "Home Alone 3" (1997) extras casting coordinator
6: "Since You've Been Gone" (1998) extras casting coordinator
Producer.
1: "Jump Venus, Jump!" (1992) producer
2: "Tax Day" (1998) line producer (uncredited)
3: "Temporary Girl" (1998) producer
4: "Underground Women" (2002) producer
5: "Up on the Rope" (2006) producer
Director.
1: "Jump Venus, Jump!" (1992) director
2: "Temporary Girl" (1998) director
Art Department:
1: "The Bachelor" TV Series (2002) lead man
2: "The Bachelor" TV Series (2002) set dresser
Production Management.
1: "Tax Day" (1998) production manager
Second Unit Director.
1: "Flicker (Unsteady Motion)" (1995) second unit director
Writer.
1: "Jump Venus, Jump!" (1992) writer
Cinematographer.
1: "Jump Venus, Jump!" (1992) cinematographer
Editor.
1: "Jump Venus, Jump!" (1992) editor
Production Assistance.
1: "Rookie of the Year" (1993) production assistant
2: "Tough Target" TV Show (1995) production assistant
Set Security.
1: "A Whiter Shade of Loud" (2003) set security
Special Thanks.
1: "Stay Until Tomorrow" (2004)
2: "What Makes Fido Run?" (2005)
Cameo Appearance.
1: "Beat the Geeks" TV Show (2001) himself
2: "Access Nation" (2004) himself
Trivia.
White is 6' 1½" (188 cm).
Among his best friends are filmmakers Paula Froehle, Laura Colella, Lynne Sachs, actress/model Lisa Marie, and actress Rachel Hamilton.
Every summer (since 1994) White teaches 16mm filmmaking classes for Center for the Gifted, in Chicago, Illinois.
His YouTube account is cubertfilm, featuring the videos of his students.
External links.
School of the Chicago Art Institute alumni
Center for Gifted teachers
Filmmakers
Actors

</doc>
<doc id="18693823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693823" title="Gerardo Guzmán Quirós">
Gerardo Guzmán Quirós

Personal data.
Born in San Jose, Costa Rica, on October 18 of 1874 . He was the son of Don and Dona Victoria Jacinto Guzman Quirós Marin. Married Dona Celina Ulloa Flores.
Studies and public office.
He began his public career as manager of the telegraph office messengers of San Jose and in 1894 was promoted to telegraph. He studied at the School of Law and graduated as a lawyer in 1903, the year he was appointed civil judge Heredia . From 1914 to 1917 he was judge of the First Civil Chamber and in 1917 returned to civil judgeship of Heredia. From 1920 to 1922 he was judge and president of the First Hall Civil 1934-1946 and judge of the Court of Cassation. From 1947 to 1948 he was judge of the National Electoral Court of Costa Rica, from 1948 to 1949 President of the Supreme Court of Costa Rica and the Court of Appeals from 1949 to 1953 and Minister of the Interior and related portfolios.
Death.
He died in San Jose, Costa Rica, on December 9 of 1959 .

</doc>
<doc id="18693825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693825" title="Fredflare.com">
Fredflare.com

Fredflare.com is an online store named after Fred Astaire located in Brooklyn, New York started in 1998 by owners Chris Bick & Keith Carollo. Originally selling beverage coaster off the back of a bicycle in SoHo, New York, Fred Flare now sells a variety of items including accessories, men's and women's clothing, stationery and home decor. The company sells many different brand names, such as products from Deborah Lippmann, Volcom, Kid Robot, Lomography & Chronicle Books. Notable people such as Amy Sedaris have also done guest product lines for the company. In 2008, a Fred Flare store opened in Greenpoint, Brooklyn but closed in 2011.
Fred Flare Boombox.
The Fred Flare Boombox is an original site that allows the shopper to listen to music from its "boombox" at the bottom of their site. The "boombox" has music ranging from indie, underground dance and pop music. Most of the music found is from unknown bands.

</doc>
<doc id="18693834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693834" title="Elcot, Berkshire">
Elcot, Berkshire

Elcot is a hamlet in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Kintbury. It is the location of the four-star Elcot Park Hotel.
The settlement lies near to the A4 road, and is located equidistant from both Hungerford and Newbury.

</doc>
<doc id="18693845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693845" title="1889–90 Netherlands Football League Championship">
1889–90 Netherlands Football League Championship

The Netherlands Football League Championship 1889/1890 was contested by seven teams from the cities Amsterdam, The Hague, Haarlem and Rotterdam. The teams participated in the competition that would later be called "Eerste Klasse West". But since the western football district of the Netherlands was the only one to have a competition at the time, it could be regarded as a national championship. Koninklijke HFC from Haarlem won the championship, however this championship was not official, since the teams had not played an equal number of matches.

</doc>
<doc id="18693859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693859" title="Francisco María Iglesias Llorente">
Francisco María Iglesias Llorente

Iglesias Llorente graduated as Bachelor in Law from the University of San Marcos, Seville. During the government of Juan Rafael Mora Porras he suffered an exile for political reasons. He was Secretary of Foreign Relations and Public Instruction of Costa Rica from 1861 to 1863, and held other government positions, among them those of Deputy and President of the Constitutional Congress and Minister of Costa Rica in Great Britain. Iglesias Llorente published several historical works, including "Pro Patria" and the collection "Later Documents of Independence."

</doc>
<doc id="18693871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693871" title="Fred Jones (footballer born 1898)">
Fred Jones (footballer born 1898)

Frederick John "Fred" Jones (11 February 1898 – 1990) was an English footballer.
An inside forward from Clerkenwell, London, Jones was in the Royal Navy and played for the Navy team before being signed by Arsenal in 1923. He spent just one season with the club, mainly as a reserve playing in the London Combination, but managed to make two First Division matches in the 1923-24 season, making his debut in a 4-1 defeat by Burnley at Turf Moor on 28 April 1924.
After leaving Arsenal, he had spells with Aberdare Athletic, Charlton Athletic and Blackpool.

</doc>
<doc id="18693879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693879" title="FASTRAC">
FASTRAC

Formation Autonomy Spacecraft with Thrust, Relnav, Attitude and Crosslink (or FASTRAC) is a pair of nanosatellites (respectively named "Sara-Lily" and "Emma") developed and built by students at The University of Texas at Austin. The project is part of a program sponsored by the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL), whose goal is to lead the development of affordable space technology. The FASTRAC mission will specifically investigate technologies that facilitate the operation of multiple satellites in formation. These enabling technologies include relative navigation, cross-link communications, attitude determination, and thrust. Due to the high cost of lifting mass into orbit, there is a strong initiative to miniaturize the overall weight of spacecraft. The utilization of formations of satellites, in place of large single satellites, reduces the risk of single point failure and allows for the use of low-cost hardware.
In January 2005, the University of Texas won the University Nanosat-3 Program, a grant-based competition that included 12 other participating universities. As a winner, FASTRAC was given the opportunity to launch its satellites into space. The student-led team received $100,000 from AFRL for the competition portion of the project, and another $100,000 for the implementation phase. FASTRAC is the first student-developed satellite mission incorporating on-orbit real-time relative navigation, on-orbit real-time attitude determination using a single GPS antenna, and a micro-discharge plasma thruster.
FASTRAC launched on 19 November 2010 aboard a Minotaur IV rocket from the Kodiak Launch Complex in Kodiak, Alaska. Separation of the satellites from each other and cross-link communication were successfully carried out.
FASTRAC was developed under the US Air Force Research Laboratory University Nanosatellite Program, and was ranked number 32 in the Space Experiments Review Board's list of priortised spacecraft experiments in 2006. The spacecraft were expected to demonstrate Global Positioning System relative navigation and micro-charge thruster performance.
Operations.
The main mission sequence is composed of six distinct phases: Launch, Launch Vehicle Separation, Initial Acquisition, GPS Onboard Relative Navigation, Onboard Single Antenna GPS Attitude Determination and Micro-discharge Plasma Thruster Operation, and Amateur Radio Operations. In the first phase, the two nanosatellites will be launched on the Department of Defense Space Test Program STP-S26 Mission from Kodiak Launch Complex (KLC) in Kodiak, Alaska. They will be transported to a 72 degree inclination circular low Earth orbit with an altitude of 650 km by a Minotaur IV rocket. Initially, the two nanosatellites will be in a stacked configuration. Once the rocket reaches the desired orbit, the satellites will be powered on by the launch vehicle before finally separating from the launch vehicle.
The third phase will begin once the two nanosatellites are ejected from the rocket. During this phase, there will be a 30 minute period where the satellites will go through a check out and initialization process. After this period, the satellites will begin transmitting beacon messages containing telemetry information that will help determine each satellite's status. During this phase the ground station will attempt to establish first contact with the satellites and perform a check out procedure to make sure all the subsystems on board are working correctly. It is expected that this checkout procedure will take several hours or even a few days depending on the duration of the communication passes with the ground station. Once the operators are satisfied with the status of the satellites, the satellites will be commanded from the ground to separate, finalizing the third phase of the mission.
When the satellites have successfully separated, the primary mission will begin, signaling the start of fourth phase. First, the satellites will autonomously establish a cross-link, or in other words, they will communicate with each other through UHF/VHF bands. The satellites will then exchange GPS data through this cross-link in order to calculate on-orbit real time relative navigation solutions.
The fifth phase will activate a micro-discharge plasma thruster with a command from the ground that will autonomously operate when the thrusting vector is within a 15 degree cone of the anti-velocity vector. The thruster operation will be dependent on the on-orbit real-time single antenna GPS attitude determination solution. After this phase is over, a command from the ground station will disable the thruster on FASTRAC 1.
The final phase of the mission will start once the communication architecture of the satellites is reconfigured from the ground to work with the Automatic Packet Reporting System (APRS) network. This will make the satellites available to amateur radio users all around the world. Once the ground station loses all communication with the satellites, the mission will be terminated and the satellites will passively de-orbit, burning up in the atmosphere. The FASTRAC team has estimated that it will take six months to successfully achieve its mission objectives.
Subsystems.
Structure.
The structure of the FASTRAC satellites is a hexagonal iso-grid design that is composed of two titanium adapter plates, aluminum 6061 T-6 side panels, six hollow outer columns with inserts and six inner columns. The mass of the two nanosatellites is approximately 127 lbs with all of the components included.
Communication Architecture.
The communications architecture is based on a system flown on PCSat2. The FASTRAC implementation consists of two receivers, one transmitter, a terminal node controller (TNC), a transmitter relay board, and a receiver relay board. On FASTRAC 1 “Sara Lily”, two R-100 VHF receivers and one TA-451 UHF transmitter from Hamtronics are used. On FASTRAC 2 “Emma”, two R-451 UHF receivers and one TA-51 VHF transmitter from Hamtronics are used. The TNC used is a KPC-9612+ from Kantronics. Both the transmitter and receiver relay boards were designed and manufactured in house.
Command & Data Handling.
The command & data handling (C&DH) system is composed by four distributed AVRs which were developed by Santa Clara University. Each AVR has an Atmega 128 microcontroller and controls an individual subsystem on the satellite (i.e.: COM, EPS, GPS, and THR or IMU). The AVRs communicate with each other through the I2C bus.
GPS Subsystem.
The GPS position and attitude determination system was designed and built by student researchers at The University of Texas' GPS Research Lab. The system utilizes GPS code measurements, as well as antenna signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) and 3-axis magnetometer measurements to provide estimates of position, velocity, and attitude. Each satellite will have redundant ORION GPS receivers, dual cross-strapped antennas with RF switching and splitting hardware.
Power System.
The power system for each satellite is composed of eight solar panels, a VREG box, and a battery box. The battey box is made from black anodized aluminum and holds 10 Sanyo N4000-DRL D-cells provided to the team by AFRL. Both the solar panels and the VREG board were designed and made in-house. On each satellite, the VREG board distributes power from three VICOR VI-J00 voltage regulators, and also charges the batteries with the power collected from the solar panels.
Separation System.
There are two separation systems for the FASTRAC satellites, both designed and manufactured by Planetary Systems Corporation (PSC), which will be used to separate the satellites in their stacked configuration from the Launch Vehicle and then to separate the two satellites while they are in orbit. The PSC Lightband Separation System is composed of two spring-loaded rings and a motorized release mechanism.
Micro-Discharge Plasma Thruster.
The micro-discharge plasma thruster was designed and built at UT-Austin. The thruster channels and superheats an inert gas through a micro-channel nozzle producing a micro-Newton level of thrust. It uses a custom made composite tank from CTD. The operation of the thruster will be automated by the spacecraft C&DH using the attitude measurements provided by the GPS attitude determination system. After enabling the operation of the thruster from the ground, it will be only be active when one of the two nozzles is within a 15 degree cone of the anti-velocity vector. The thruster subsystem is only present on FASTRAC 1 "Sara Lily".
Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU).
On FASTRAC 2 “Emma”, instead of using a thruster, an Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) MASIMU01 from Micro Aerospace Solutions is used to measure the separation of the two satellites.
Amateur Radio Participation.
The FASTRAC satellites transmit and receive data (GPS, Health, etc.) on amateur radio frequencies. All amateur radio operators are encouraged to downlink data from either satellite and upload the data to the radio operator section on the FASTRAC Website.

</doc>
<doc id="18693888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693888" title="Joaquín de Iglesias Vidamartel">
Joaquín de Iglesias Vidamartel


</doc>
<doc id="18693906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693906" title="Unorganized South East Cochrane District">
Unorganized South East Cochrane District

Unorganized Cochrane South East Part is an unorganized area in the Canadian province of Ontario, encompassing the small portion of the Cochrane District, immediately surrounding Highway 11 at the division's southern boundary with the Timiskaming District, which is not part of the municipality of Black River-Matheson.
The division had a population of 25 in the Canada 2006 Census, and a land area of 53.14 square kilometres. The main settlement in the division is the community of Bourkes.
Demographics.
Population:

</doc>
<doc id="18693913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693913" title="Robert Muir (politician)">
Robert Muir (politician)

Robert (Bob) Muir (10 November 1919 – 31 August 2011) was a Canadian Member of Parliament, first in the House of Commons and later in the Senate. Muir sat in both chambers as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada. He was born in Scotland and raised on Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia. Before he became a politician, he was also a miner, a union official, a salesman and a businessman during his career. He died at his home in the Cape Breton Regional Municipality in 2011.
Early life.
Muir was born in Edinburgh, Scotland on 10 November 1919. After his father died in 1920, he and his mother immigrated to Canada. After leaving school in grade 8, he worked in the coal mines until injuries ended his ability to do so. Before he was injured for the final time, he was elected as the secretary of his United Mine Workers of America (UMW) local. After recuperating from his injuries, he worked in insurance for London Life until he was elected to parliament. He later served as chair of the Miners' Hospital in Cape Breton.
Political career.
Muir began politics as a member of the Sydney Mines, Nova Scotia municipal council, where he served from 1948 to 1958. He entered federal politics in the 1957 Canadian general election, winning the Cape Breton North and Victoria electoral district in Nova Scotia. His old riding was abolished after the 1966 electoral district redistribution. Muir then ran in the newly created Cape Breton—The Sydneys electoral district in the 1968 Canadian general election and won the seat. Muir won election eight consecutive times, stepping down in 1979 after having served in the 30th Canadian Parliament.
On 28 March 1979, two-days after an election call, Liberal Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau appointed Muir to the Senate. Muir sat in the self-designated Senate division of Cape Breton-The Sydneys. Muir retired from the Senate on 10 November 1994. He died at home, in Coxheath, Nova Scotia on 31 August 2011, aged 91, from respiratory failure.

</doc>
<doc id="18693915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693915" title="Ramón Jiménez y Robredo">
Ramón Jiménez y Robredo

Ramón Jiménez y Robredo was a Costa Rican politician. He was Lieutenant Governor of the Province of Costa Rica in 1819, during the government of Ferdinand VII of Spain.
In June 1819, after the death of Governor Juan de Dios de Ayala y Toledo, Jiménez y Robredo took the military government of Costa Rica.
Jiménez y Robredo married to Joaquina Zamora y Coronado, and their son, Jesús Jiménez Zamora, was President of Costa Rica from 1863 to 1866, and from 1868 to 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="18693922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693922" title="Strictly Instrumental">
Strictly Instrumental

Strictly Instrumental is the title of a recording by American folk music artists Doc Watson, Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs, released in 1967.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, music critic Thom Owen wrote the album "Flatt & Scruggs and Watson play with a startling fluidity — these instrumentals are so rich and skillful that vocals would have been superfluous. For lovers of instrumental bluegrass, this album is a must-hear."

</doc>
<doc id="18693930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693930" title="Kurosh subgroup theorem">
Kurosh subgroup theorem

In the mathematical field of group theory, the Kurosh subgroup theorem describes the algebraic structure of subgroups of free products of groups. The theorem was obtained by Alexander Kurosh, a Russian mathematician, in 1934. Informally, the theorem says that every subgroup of a free product is itself a free product of a free group and of its intersections with the conjugates of the factors of the original free product.
History and generalizations.
After the original 1934 proof of Kurosh, there were many subsequent proofs of the Kurosh subgroup theorem, including proofs of Kuhn (1952), Mac Lane (1958) and others. The theorem was also generalized for describing subgroups of amalgamated free products and HNN extensions. Other generalizations include considering subgroups of free pro-finite products and a version of the Kurosh subgroup theorem for topological groups.
In modern terms, the Kurosh subgroup theorem is a straightforward corollary of the basic structural results of Bass–Serre theory about groups acting on trees.
Statement of the theorem.
Let "G" = "A"∗"B" be the free product of groups "A" and "B" and let "H" ≤ "G" be a subgroup of "G". Then there exist a family ("A""i")"i" ∈ "I" of subgroups "A""i" ≤ "A", a family ("B""j")"j" ∈ "J" of subgroups "B""j" ≤ "B", families "g""i", "i" ∈ "I" and "f""j", "j" ∈ "J" of elements of "G", and a subset "X" ⊆ "G" such that
This means that "X" "freely generates" a subgroup of "G" isomorphic to the free group "F"("X") with free basis "X" and that, moreover, "g""i""A""i""g""i"−1, "f""j""B""j""f""j"−1 and "X" generate "H" in "G" as a free product of the above form.
There is a generalization of this to the case of free products with arbitrarily many factors. Its formulation is:
If "H" is a subgroup of ∗i∈I"G"i = "G", then 
where "X" ⊆ "G" and "J" is some index set and "g"j ∈ "G" and each "H"j is a subgroup of some "G"i.
Proof using Bass–Serre theory.
The Kurosh subgroup theorem easily follows from the basic structural results in Bass–Serre theory, as explained, for example in the book of Cohen (1987):
Let "G" = "A"∗"B" and consider "G" as the fundamental group of a graph of groups Y consisting of a single non-loop edge with the vertex groups "A" and "B" and with the trivial edge group. Let "X" be the Bass–Serre universal covering tree for the graph of groups Y. Since "H" ≤ "G" also acts on "X", consider the quotient graph of groups Z for the action of "H" on "X". The vertex groups of Z are subgroups of "G"-stabilizers of vertices of "X", that is, they are conjugate in "G" to subgroups of "A" and "B". The edge groups of Z are trivial since the "G"-stabilizers of edges of "X" were trivial. By the fundamental theorem of Bass–Serre theory, "H" is canonically isomorphic to the fundamental group of the graph of groups Z. Since the edge groups of Z are trivial, it follows that "H" is equal to the free product of the vertex groups of Z and the free group "F"("X") which is the fundamental group (in the standard topological sense) of the underlying graph "Z" of Z. This implies the conclusion of the Kurosh subgroup theorem.
Extension.
The result extends to the case that "G" is the amalgamated product along a common subgroup "A", under the condition that "H" meets every conjugate of "A" only in the identity element.

</doc>
<doc id="18693932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693932" title="Eling, Berkshire">
Eling, Berkshire

Eling is a village in the English county of Berkshire, within the civil parish of Hermitage. The settlement lies next to the M4 motorway, and is located approximately north-east of Newbury.

</doc>
<doc id="18693933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693933" title="Agapito Jiménez Zamora">
Agapito Jiménez Zamora


</doc>
<doc id="18693940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693940" title="Johannesson">
Johannesson

Johannesson is a surname of Swedish or Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Johannes". In Icelandic names the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. In Icelandic names the name is spelled "Jóhannesson", with the "accent acute" over the ó. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18693944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693944" title="Jorge Hine Saborío">
Jorge Hine Saborío

He was born in San Ramón, Costa Rica to Luis Hine Ramírez and Enriqueta Saborío Iglesias. He married Ana María García Bottino, the daughter of Vespancio García Cuervo and Colomba Bottino Capiro, on June 17, 1904 in San José.
He was a businessman of substantial means, and he was the Bank Manager of Costa Rica. He was Vice President of the Republic from May 8, 1936 to May 8, 1944. From March 4 to March 16, 1943, he acted temporarily as president, while President Rafael Ángel Calderón Guardia traveled to Panama.

</doc>
<doc id="18693957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693957" title="Dasyceps">
Dasyceps

Dasyceps is an extinct genus of an unusual temnospondyl from Early Permian of England.

</doc>
<doc id="18693961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693961" title="José Francisco de Peralta">
José Francisco de Peralta

In 1822, Costa Rica elected Peralta to represent it in the First Constituent Congress of the Mexican Empire, but he did not attend the Congress, because he did not receive instruction from the municipal council of Cost Rican until September, too late to arrive before Iturbide abolished the Congress in October. In 1825, he was elected Deputy for Costa Rica to the Congress of the Federal Republic of Central America, a post which he held until 1826, during which he participated in the legislation of several important laws, including the annexation of the Partido de Nicoya to Costa Rica.
From 1827 to 1828 Peralta was a Deputy for Ujarrás in the Legislative Assembly of the State of Costa Rica, and in November, 1829, he was elected to represent Costa Rica in the Senate of the Federal Republic of Central America. From 1832 to 1833 he was the Deputy for Santa Cruz, Costa Rica in the Legislative Assembly of the State of Costa Rica. Peralta served as President of the Assembly from September 1832 to February 1833 and from July 1833 to September 1833.
In 1835, Peralta participated in the Costa Rican civil war, the "Guerra de la Liga" () against Head of State Braulio Carrillo Colina. For this reason, his property was seized by the state and he had to flee in exile.
Peralta had been an enthusiastic admirer of General Francisco Morazán Quesada, who he honored during the general's stay in Cartago, Costa Rica in 1834. Peralta was one of the most prominent supporters of the government of General Francisco Morazán, who rose to power on 12 April 1842. As a result, Peralta was elected Deputy for Cartago to the Constituent Assembly convened by Morazán, which began on 10 July 1842 in San José, Costa Rica. Peralta was named President of the Assembly. Among the legislative projects that he pushed were the creation of the college San Luis Gozaga in Cartago, which would not actually open until 1869.
Peralta died in Cartago on 16 September 1844, after an accident riding a horse. He left an important bequest for the foundation of a school for the children of Cartago, an institution which retains his name today. In the city a bust in honor of Peralta was unveiled in 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="18693964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693964" title="Jia Tong">
Jia Tong

Jia Tong (Chinese: 贾童) is a Chinese athlete who competes in diving.
Major achievements.
She claimed the gold medal with Chen Ruolin at the 2006 Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18693976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693976" title="José Miguel Corrales Bolaños">
José Miguel Corrales Bolaños


</doc>
<doc id="18693977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693977" title="Zatrachys">
Zatrachys

Zatrachys is an extinct genus of an unusual temnospondyl from Early Permian of Texas.
The temnospondyl amphibian "Zatrachys serratus" (Cope, 1878), is reported for the first time from the eastern United States on the basis of a partial skull table and isolated cranial elements from the Upper Pennsylvanian (Virgilian) of the Benwood Limestone Member of the Pittsburgh Formation, Monongahela Group, and the Lower Permian (Wolfcampian) Greene Formation, Dunkard Group, West Virginia. The partial skull table differs in several features from those of the well-preserved series of skulls of Z. serratus from the Lower Permian of New Mexico, particularly in the proportions of the postfrontal and postorbital. However, in view of the paucity of West Virginia material and the wide range of reported intraspecific variation, some possibly attributable to sexual dimorphism, and developmental changes in the cranial morphology of the New Mexico specimens, the conservative course is taken by referring the former to Z. serratus.
Known otherwise only from the Lower Permian (Wolfcampian and Leonardian) of Texas, New Mexico, and Oklahoma, the new occurrence of Z. serratus represents significant extensions of its stratigraphic and geographic ranges.
References.
Berman, D. S. and S. G. Lucas. 2003. "Aspidosaurus binasser" (Amphibian, Temnospondyli), a new species of Dissorophidae from the Lower Permian of Texas. "Annals of Carnegie Museum" 72:241–262.
Boy, J. A. 1989. über einige Vertreter der Eryopoidea (Amphibia: Temnospondyli) aus dem europaischen Rotliegend (?Hochstes Karbon–Perm) 2 Acanthostomatops. "Paläontologische Zeitschrift" 63:133–151.
Cope, E. D. 1878. Descriptions of extinct Batrachia and Reptilia from the Permian Formation of Texas. "Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society" 17:505–530.

</doc>
<doc id="18693984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693984" title="Unorganized South West Cochrane District">
Unorganized South West Cochrane District

Unorganized Cochrane South West Part is an unorganized area in the Canadian province of Ontario, encompassing the small portion of the Cochrane District, between Black River-Matheson and Timmins, which is not part of either municipality.
The division had a population of zero in the Canada 2011 Census, and a land area of 553.71 square kilometres.
Demographics.
Population:

</doc>
<doc id="18693988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693988" title="Juan Fernando Echeverría">
Juan Fernando Echeverría

On May 13, 1861, the Congress chose him as the Vice President of the Republic for the period of 1861 to 1862, but he resigned from the position on June 18, 1861. The Congress selected Juan González Reyes as his successor.
Echeverría died on January 7, 1871, in San José.

</doc>
<doc id="18693996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693996" title="Joe D. Whitley">
Joe D. Whitley

Joe D. Whitley, currently in private practice at Greenberg Traurig, was the first General Counsel for the United States Department of Homeland Security. 
During the George H.W. Bush administration, Joe served as the Acting United States Associate Attorney General, the third-ranking position in the Department of Justice. Under President Ronald Reagan, he was the U.S. Attorney in the Middle District of Georgia in Macon, and under President George H.W. Bush, Whitley served as the U.S. Attorney in the Northern District of Georgia in Atlanta.
Prior to joining the Department of Homeland Security, and immediately following his service at DHS, Whitley was a partner at Alston & Bird, where he served as head of its Government Enforcement & Investigations Group, his practice concentrating on government investigations, environmental and health care fraud and complex civil litigation.
Whitley is the Chair of the Administrative Law Section of the American Bar Association. He is a former member of the Criminal Justice Section Council of the American Bar Association. He served as Vice Chair for Governmental Affairs of the 2002-03 ABA Criminal Justice Section. He also chaired annual seminars and institutes for Georgia ICLE on White Collar Crime, Health Care Fraud, and Cybercrime. He co-chairs the ABA's Homeland Security Institute.
Education.
Whitley received his Bachelors degree, cum laude, from the University of Georgia in 1972, and a J.D., cum laude, in 1975 from the University of Georgia Law School. He currently serves on the Board of Visitors for the School of Public and International Affairs at the University of Georgia. 
Bar Admissions.
Whitley is licensed to practice law in Georgia and the District of Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="18693998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693998" title="Juan José de Bonilla y Herdocia">
Juan José de Bonilla y Herdocia


</doc>
<doc id="18694003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694003" title="D41 road (Croatia)">
D41 road (Croatia)

D41 is a state road in the central Croatia connecting the D28 expressway or A12 motorway in Vrbovec 1 interchange to Križevci, Koprivnica and Gola border crossing to Hungary. The road is long.
The road, as well as all other state roads in Croatia, is managed and maintained by Hrvatske ceste, a state-owned company.
Traffic volume.
Traffic is regularly counted and reported by Hrvatske ceste, one of the operators of the road.

</doc>
<doc id="18694007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694007" title="Urine osmolality">
Urine osmolality

Urine osmolality is a measure of urine concentration, in which large values indicate concentrated urine and small values indicate diluted urine. In healthy individuals with restricted fluid intake, urine osmolality should be greater than 800mOsm/kg, while a 24 hour urine osmolality should average between 500 and 800 mOsm/kg and a random urine osmolality should be 50 to 1400 mOsm/kg .

</doc>
<doc id="18694011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694011" title="Juan de Obregón y Espinosa">
Juan de Obregón y Espinosa


</doc>
<doc id="18694014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694014" title="Mosby, Montana">
Mosby, Montana

Mosby (also Half-Breed Crossing) is an unincorporated community in southwestern Garfield County, Montana, United States. It lies along Highway 200 southwest of the town of Jordan, the county seat of Garfield County. Its elevation is 2,513 feet (766 m). Mosby had a post office that opened on 1904-06-29 and closed on 1983-02-18, but the community still has a separate ZIP code of 59058.

</doc>
<doc id="18694020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694020" title="Cohagen, Montana">
Cohagen, Montana

Cohagen is an unincorporated community in southeastern Garfield County, Montana, United States. It lies along Highway 59 southeast of the town of Jordan, the county seat of Garfield County. Its elevation is 2,720 feet (829 m). Although Cohagen is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 59322, which opened on 1905-08-18.

</doc>
<doc id="18694027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694027" title="Brusett, Montana">
Brusett, Montana

Brusett is an unincorporated community in northwestern Garfield County, Montana, United States. It lies along local roads west of the town of Jordan, the county seat of Garfield County. Its elevation is 2,904 feet (885 m). Although Brusett is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 59318, which opened on 1916-05-29.

</doc>
<doc id="18694033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694033" title="Pedro María León-Páez y Brown">
Pedro María León-Páez y Brown

Pedro María León-Páez y Brown (June 29, 1835 – December 22, 1903) was a Costa Rican politician.

</doc>
<doc id="18694034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694034" title="Macro-Panoan languages">
Macro-Panoan languages

Macro-Panoan is a hypothetical proposal linking four language families of Peru, Brazil, Bolivia, Paraguay, and Argentina that Kaufman (1994) says "seems promising". The Pano–Takanan connection is generally accepted. Kaufman (1990) also finds the Moseten–Chon connection fairly convincing. However, the deeper connection between these two groups is more tentative.

</doc>
<doc id="18694045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694045" title="Sand Springs, Montana">
Sand Springs, Montana

Sand Springs is an unincorporated community in southwestern Garfield County, Montana, United States. It lies along Highway 200 southwest of the town of Jordan, the county seat of Garfield County. Its elevation is 3,192 feet (973 m). Although Sand Springs is unincorporated, it has a post office with the ZIP code of 59077, which opened on 1911-03-01.

</doc>
<doc id="18694046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694046" title="Lorena Clare Facio">
Lorena Clare Facio

She was born in San José, Costa Rica on June 30, 1943 to her parents Manuel Emilio Clare and María Elena Facio. She is the only daughter and has three brothers.
She concluded her secondary school education in Colegio Nuestra Señora de Sión and left for France for a few years. After returning to Costa Rica she began bilingual studies at Lincoln School.
She is known to be a skilled athlete and represented Costa Rica in the 1983 Pan American Games.
She married Miguel Ángel Rodríguez on December 14, 1962 although she had met him as a teenager at a party in Barrio Aranjuez. They had three children: Miguel Alberto, Andrés and Ana Elena.
During her time as First Lady she supported projects in benefit of older people and cancer patients, and was president of the Martín House of the Youth. She was part of the Social Christian Unity Party Planning Office.
She was Costa Rica's last First Lady of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18694048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694048" title="Cocoa production in Ivory Coast">
Cocoa production in Ivory Coast

Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire) leads the world in production and export of the cocoa beans used in the manufacture of chocolate, as of 2009, supplying 30% of cocoa produced in the world. West Africa collectively supplies two thirds of the world's cocoa crop, with Ivory Coast leading production at 1.22 million tonnes, and nearby Ghana, Nigeria, Cameroon and Togo producing additional 1.41 million tonnes. Ivory Coast overtook Ghana as the world's leading producer of cocoa beans in 1978. The primary non-African competitor of Ivory Coast is Indonesia, which went from having almost nonexistent domestic cocoa industry in the 1970s to becoming one of the largest players in the market by the early 2000s. According to the UN FAO, Indonesia overtook Ghana and became the second-largest producer worldwide in 2006. (World Cocoa Foundation provides significantly lower figures for Indonesia, but concurs that it is the largest producer of cocoa beans outside West Africa.) Large chocolate producers such as Cadbury, Hershey's, and Nestle buy Ivorian cocoa futures and options through Euronext whereby world prices are set.
The plant.
Cocoa is shade-loving tree native to the understory of rainforests, growing at low elevation in the foothills of the Andes, and the great South American equatorial river basins the Amazon River Basin, and the Orinoco River Basin. The tree is a choice crop for areas of West Africa with low to slight elevations, good soils, and the constant humidity of the tropics.
Farming and production.
The crop is grown in Ivory Coast mostly by smallholder farmers planting on 1-3 hectares. The pods containing the beans are harvested when a sufficient number are ripe, opened to separate the seeds and pulp from the outer rind, and the seeds and pulp are usually allowed to ferment somewhere on the farm, before the seeds are dried in a central location. The dried seeds are purchased by a traitant or buyer who travels among villages in an area to weigh, purchase and collect the crop. The traitant then takes the crop to a short-holding warehouse in a major town or city where the major exporters purchase the seeds and arrange for its export from Ivory Coast. The entire process requires the labored contribution of a variety of workers, from the farmer who owns the fields, to his laborers who may be slaves (non confirmed allegation) and include family members, to others in the village who harvest pods to ferment seeds at the same time, to the local buyers, and the middlemen between these purchasers and the exporters who finally get the crop to an export ship.
Slave labour.
Ivory Coast and other West African cocoa producing nations have come under severe criticism in the west for using child slave labor to produce the cocoa purchased by Western chocolate companies. The bulk of the criticism has been directed towards practices in Ivory Coast. The report "A Taste of Slavery: How Your Chocolate May be Tainted" claims that traffickers promise paid work, housing, and education to children who are then forced to labour and undergo severe abuse, that some children are held forcibly on farms and work up to 100 hours per week, and that attempted escapees are beaten. A BBC article claimed that 15,000 children from Mali, some under age 11, were working as slaves in cocoa production in Ivory Coast, and Mali's Save the Children Fund director described "young children carrying 6kg of cocoa sacks so heavy that they have wounds all over their shoulders." In 2001 Chocolate Manufacturers Association acknowledged that slaves harvested some cocoa.

</doc>
<doc id="18694060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694060" title="List of solar eclipses in the 20th century">
List of solar eclipses in the 20th century

This is a list of solar eclipses in the 20th century. During the period 1901 to 2000 there were 228 solar eclipses of which 78 were partial, 73 were annular (two non-central), 71 were total (three non-central) and 6 were hybrids. The greatest number of eclipses in one year was five, in 1935, and one month, July 2000, had two eclipses.
Table.
The table gives the date and time of the greatest eclipse (in dynamical time, which in this case is the time when the axis of the Moon's shadow cone passes closest to the centre of Earth). It also gives the type of eclipse (either Total, Annular, Partial or Hybrid) and for total and annular eclipses it gives the duration of the eclipse. The location of the greatest eclipse and the path width are also given, as well as the geographical areas affected.

</doc>
<doc id="18694063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694063" title="Luis Diego Sáenz Carazo">
Luis Diego Sáenz Carazo


</doc>
<doc id="18694065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694065" title="Enborne Row">
Enborne Row

Enborne Row is a hamlet in Berkshire, England, located on the county's border with Hampshire. The hamlet is within the civil parish of Enborne. The settlement lies next to the A34 road, and is located approximately south-west of Newbury.

</doc>
<doc id="18694073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694073" title="José María Zeledón Brenes">
José María Zeledón Brenes

He was an orphan from a young age, since his mother died at childbirth and his father died when he was very young. He was raised by two of his aunts, both his father's sisters, with a low money income. This is why he only went through the first year in the Liceo de Costa Rica. Shortly after that, he had to work for a living.
In 1892 he began to work as a typewriter in the Supreme Court of Justice of Costa Rica (Corte Suprema de Justicia), position that helped him become a journalist. His first articles were published in 1898 in "El Diarito" (The Little Diary), and since then until 1948 he wrote in all major newspapers and magazines in Costa Rica.
On December 24, 1899 he married his cousin Ester Venegas Zeledón. They had five children.
When he was 27 years old, he participated in a competition to give lyrics to the National Anthem, which already had music that was composed by Manuel María Gutiérrez. He took the first prize and the lyrics persist since 1903.
He wrote two books for children: "Jardin para Niños" (Garden For Children) in 1916 and "Alma Infantil" (Childlike Soul) in 1928. His other books "Campo de Batalla" (Battlefield) and "Germinal" were burned before they were published.
He earned his livelihood and his family's by working in accounting for diverse institutions and enterprises. From 1914 to 1917 he was the director of the National Printing press: from 1917 to 1924 he was the administrator of the Botica Francesa (French Drugstore). In 1920 he was chosen to be a Legislator of Congress. From 1924 to 1936 he worked as audit in the Municipalidad de San Jose. In 1925, he worked as chairman of Banco Nacional de Seguros, until 1936. That year he began to work in the Contraloria de Hospitales until 1940, year when he went to live to Puntarenas as Audit of the Compañia Atunera until 1944.
In 1946 he was named General Secretary of Hospital San Juan de Dios, a position he had until 1949. In 1948, during the Costa Rican Civil War he was sent to jail and seriously battered.
In 1949 he supported the creation of the Unidad Nacional party and worked in the Constituent Assembly as a representative of the party. In that time, his health was very delicate and he couldn't go back to the Assembly, for which he decided to retire to his property "La Pastora" (The Shepherd) in Esparza. He died there on December 6, 1949 at the age of 72. His funerals took place in San Jose.

</doc>
<doc id="18694086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694086" title="Rodrigo Madrigal Nieto">
Rodrigo Madrigal Nieto


</doc>
<doc id="18694089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694089" title="Sykora">
Sykora

Sykora or Sýkora is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18694098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694098" title="Juan de los Santos Madriz y Cervantes">
Juan de los Santos Madriz y Cervantes

He was born in Bagaces, Costa Rica, on 1 November 1785. His parents were Jose Francisco Garcia and Maria Candelaria Madriz Cervantes Ramirez.
He studied for the priesthood in Leon, Nicaragua. He returned Costa Rica, and was eventually in charge of several parishes, including the parish of San Jose.

</doc>
<doc id="18694107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694107" title="List of Seattle Mariners Opening Day starting pitchers">
List of Seattle Mariners Opening Day starting pitchers

The Seattle Mariners are a Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise based in Seattle, Washington. They play in the American League West division. The first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day, and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor, which is often given to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season, though there are various strategic reasons why a team's best pitcher might not start on Opening Day. The Mariners have used 15 different Opening Day starting pitchers in their 34 seasons. The 15 starters have a combined Opening Day record of 11 wins, 11 losses (11–11) and 12 no decisions. No decisions are only awarded to the starting pitcher if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game. 
Randy Johnson holds the Mariners' record for most Opening Day starts with six, and has an Opening Day record of 2–0. All of Johnson's starts were in the former home ballpark of the Mariners, the Kingdome. Jamie Moyer has the most starts in Safeco Field, the Mariners' current home ballpark, and has an Opening Day record of 1–2. Mark Langston has the worst winning percentage as the Opening Day starting pitcher with a record of 0–3, all of which were pitched on the road.
Overall, the Mariners have a record of 6–4 at the Kingdome on Opening Day, compared to a 2–3 record at Safeco Field, making their combined home record 8–7, and their away record 3–4. The Mariners went on to play in the American League Division Series (ALDS) playoff games in , and . Randy Johnson, Jeff Fassero and Freddy García were the Opening Day starting pitchers those years, and had a combined Opening Day record of 2–0.

</doc>
<doc id="18694115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694115" title="Manuel José Carazo Bonilla">
Manuel José Carazo Bonilla


</doc>
<doc id="18694124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694124" title="Manuel María de Peralta y López del Corral">
Manuel María de Peralta y López del Corral


</doc>
<doc id="18694128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694128" title="Irene (1940 film)">
Irene (1940 film)

Irene (1940) is an American musical film produced and directed by Herbert Wilcox. The screenplay by Alice Duer Miller is based on the book of the 1919 stage musical of the same name by James Montgomery, who had adapted it from his play "Irene O'Dare". The score features songs with music by Harry Tierney and lyrics by Joseph McCarthy.
Plot.
Upholsterer's assistant Irene O'Dare meets wealthy Don Marshall while she is measuring chairs for Mrs. Herman Vincent at her Long Island estate. Charmed by the young girl, Don anonymously purchases Madame Lucy's, an exclusive Manhattan boutique, and instructs newly hired manager Mr. Smith to offer Irene a job as a model. She soon catches the eye of socialite Bob Vincent, whose mother is hosting a ball at the family mansion. In order to promote Madame Lucy's dress line, Mr. Smith arranges for his models to be invited to the soiree.
Irene accidentally ruins the gown she was given to wear and substitutes a quaint blue dress belonging to her mother, and it creates a sensation. Irene is mistaken for the niece of Ireland's Lady O'Dare and, in order to publicize his collection, Mr. Smith decides to exploit the error and moves Irene into a Park Avenue apartment. Dressed in furs and draped with diamonds while escorted around town by Bob, Irene's appearance prompts gossip columnist Biffy Webster to suggest she is a kept woman. Outraged, Irene demands Madame Lucy protect her reputation by revealing the truth, only to discover Don is the owner of the shop.
Irene agrees to marry Bob, but on the night before the wedding, Bob confesses he still loves former sweetheart Eleanor Worth, and Irene realizes she loves Don. The couple decides to make things right by reuniting with their rightful partners.
Production.
For nearly two decades following its original 1919 production at the Vanderbilt Theatre, "Irene" — with a total run of 675 performances — held the record for the longest-running show in Broadway theatre history. In addition to the 1926 silent film version, the musical also was adapted for a June 1936 "Lux Radio Theatre" production starring Jeanette MacDonald and Regis Toomey.
The film was shot in black and white with the exception of the sequence set at Mrs. Vincent's society ball, featuring the musical number "Alice Blue Gown," which was filmed in Technicolor. The scene is replayed as an installment of "Rex Gordon's Moviebone News", a spoof of the "Movietone News" shorts that were popular at the time. Also seen in the pseudo-news segment are the Dandridge Sisters. Making cameo appearances in the film are Johnny Long and His Orchestra and The Rockettes.
Reception.
The film made a profit of $367,000.
Awards and nominations.
Anthony Collins was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Music (Scoring) but lost to Alfred Newman for "Tin Pan Alley".

</doc>
<doc id="18694135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694135" title="Manuel de Jesús Jiménez Oreamuno">
Manuel de Jesús Jiménez Oreamuno

He studied at the College San Luis Gonzaga of Cartago, where he was later a professor of history, geography, and literature.
He was President of the Municipal of Cartago (1883-1885), Representative of Cartago (1886-1888 and 1892) and Secretary of Exterior Relations (1888-1889).
As a well-known figure of Costa Rican liberalism, he was a candidate for the Presidency of the Republic in the 1894 elections. Later, he was the Secretary of the Treasury (1902-1904), Manager of Business and Consul General of Costa Rica in El Salvador (1904-1906). During the administration of his brother, Ricardo Jiménez Oreamuno (1910-1914) he was First Designate of the Presidency and also Representative of Cartago. 
He was distinguished as a historian because he wrote various chronicles regarding the colony and Costa Rica of the past, and he also excelled as an author of descriptions of customs, and as an orator. 
As a writer he principally worked on historical subjects, in short stories. His works were collected in two volumes titled "News of the Past". Between those volumes he wrote the book, "Careers of San Juan". 
He collaborated with Monsignor Victor Sanabria Martínez, second Archbishop of San José, Costa Rica in his work "Genealogy of Cartago from 1650 until 1850", managing to prove a profound knowledge of the collection of protocols of the National Archive of Costa Rica, and contributing important elements to the understanding of the studied lineage in said work.

</doc>
<doc id="18694136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694136" title="Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 48 kg">
Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 48 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 48 kg at the 1984 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Anaheim Convention Center, Anaheim, California.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
