<doc id="18824540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824540" title="Havat Gilad">
Havat Gilad

Havat Gilad (, "lit." Gilad Farm) is an Israeli outpost in the West Bank, beyond the jurisdiction of the Shomron Regional Council. It was established in 2002 in memory of Gilad Zar, security coordinator of the Shomron Regional Council, who was shot and killed in 2001. It is considered an unauthorized outpost by the Israeli government and is on a list of outposts that Israel promised the U.S. to dismantle. The outpost was dismantled several times but settlers have returned and re-established it. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this. Havat Gilad has been “adopted” by the far right kahanist U.S. organization B'nai Elim.
Havat Gilad is located on land allegedly privately owned by Moshe Zar, a religious Zionist and longtime friend of former Prime Minister Ariel Sharon. In 1984 he was convicted of membership in the Jewish Underground of the early 1980s, and sentenced to three years in prison for his part in the assassination of Palestinian mayors. He has been buying land in the West Bank from individual Palestinians since 1979. A number of Palestinians have taken him to court on claims that he falsified contracts. After his son Gilad was killed, he vowed that he would establish six settlements in his son′s memory, one for each Hebrew letter of his name.
There have been a number violent incidents involving Havat Gilad settlers. On October 16, 2002, journalists covering a so-called “quiet” evacuation at the outpost, were attacked by settlers, on October 19, 2002, a Shabbath, when the outpost was forcibly evacuated and all its buildings were razed by the Israel Defense Forces for the first time, about 1,000 settlers, trying to prevent the dismantling of the outpost, clashed with soldiers and police. During the two days of confrontations 46 policemen and dozens of male and female soldiers and settlers were lightly injured. Fifteen people were arrested, but were released a few days later. Some of the settlers were back at the outpost the next day and erected temporary structures which were dismantled a week later, but the settlers were back on the site after a few hours. In November, security forces decided to file charges against twelve of the protestors. In 2004, police arrested one settler, after armed settlers from the outpost had opened fire on shepherds from a nearby Palestinian village. In March 2009, five residents of the outpost were briefly arrested on suspicion of throwing stones at police, when security forces attempted to evacuate the site. In September of the same year, settlers and security forces clashed following an attempt by security forces to confiscate a truck which was supposedly used to illegally transport a mobile home to the site, leading to four arrests. In October 2010 Havat Gilad settlers set fire to olive trees belonging to Palestinian farmers of the village of Farata.
On February 28, 2011, Civil Authority forces escorted by police officers arrived in the settlement to demolish several illegal structures. Violent clashes erupted when settlers threw rocks at police, who responded with tear gas, stun grenades, and rubber bullets, injuring 15 settlers. Eight settlers were arrested, five for carrying concealing weapons, one for stone-throwing, and two for cutting down Palestinian olive trees. The demolition of the outpost led to further protests and violence among Israeli rightists, Seventeen pro-settlement protesters, seven of whom minors, were charged with disturbing the peace, attacking police and damaging police vehicles. A week after the demolition, the destroyed structures were being rebuilt, and the settlers were said to plan to build several new homes in addition to the ones that were demolished, as an act of protest. However, the government pledged to demolish the new buildings by the end of the year.
On February 5, 2014 three residents of Gilad Farm were arrested on suspicion of having touched two cars and for spraying graffiti in the Palestinian village of Farata.
See also.
Ramat Gilad

</doc>
<doc id="18824541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824541" title="BCC Research">
BCC Research

BCC Research is a publisher of technology market research reports, reviews, and technical newsletters. BCC Research also performs custom research. 
The company is an offshoot of Eli Research, owned and operated by Greg Lindberg. BCC Research was formerly known as Business Communications Company, Inc. and was founded in 1971. 
The company reports on market drivers, trends, and quantified measurements of both technology markets and industry segments. Examples of work include reports on automotive sensors, biopesticides, geosynthetics, DNA sequencing, carbon capture and storage technology, the market for probiotics, and global medical markets for nanoscale materials and devices.

</doc>
<doc id="18824566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824566" title="Epinotia immundana">
Epinotia immundana

Epinotia immundana is a moth of the family Tortricidae.
The wingspan is 12–14 mm. In the British Isles and adjoining areas of continental Europe, the moth flies from April to June and again, in the south, in August and September.
The larvae mainly feed on "Alnus glutinosa", Birch en Rose.

</doc>
<doc id="18824572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824572" title="Recognising and Recording Progress and Achievement">
Recognising and Recording Progress and Achievement

Recognising and recording progress and achievement (RARPA), in the education sector in England, is a tool to measure the progress and achievement of learners on some further education courses that do not lead to an externally accredited award or qualification. The majority of such courses are in the adult and community learning sector. 
Background.
RARPA was developed by a group of practitioners who were considering the issue of how to recognise and validate learning that takes place where there is no accredited qualification as an outcome. The Learning and Skills Council funded a group of researchers at the Learning and Skills Development Agency (now the Learning and Skills Network) and the National Institute of Adult Continuing Education to develop the concept.
RARPA was developed as part of the Learning and Skills Council’s new measures of success. These new measures aim to harmonise the basis for measuring educational achievement, so that the performance of learners in different parts of the learning and skills sector can be more accurately compared. 
Process.
RARPA is designed to support teaching and learning practices. It claims to help teachers to deliver personalised learning, with a view to ensuring that learning is taking place and that the learner is making progress. RARPA is intended to encourage learners to engage actively by measuring their own progress and achievements.
RARPA is a tool that can serve as a measure of accountability. This means that the learning experience is subject to the formal inspection and quality assurance processes of the further education sector. 
The RARPA approach has five distinct staged processes: aims and objectives, initial assessment, learning objectives, identification of learning, and review and recording. 
Aims and objectives.
The aims of the course of learning should be communicated clearly to learners before they make a decision about their individual route to achievement.
Initial assessment.
Learners’ previous achievements, current skills and learning needs should be properly considered before a decision has been made about their particular route to achievement. 
Learning objectives.
A set of learning outcomes should be agreed with each learner that is consistent with their learning goal(s). These outcomes should be based on their identified needs and challenge them to make real progress in their learning achievement There should be opportunities, if necessary, to revise these learning outcomes during the course. 
Identification of learning.
The progress of learners should be recognised and recorded, through means of formative assessment by the teacher, and by learners themselves.
Review and recording.
Learners should be given regular opportunities to assess progress towards their learning outcomes and to review their planned route to achievement. Learners’ success in reaching their planned goal(s) should be recognised through a process appropriate to their needs that summarises their achievements and identifies possible future goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18824574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824574" title="Covide">
Covide

Covide is an open source, webbased Customer Relationship Management application. It's developed in PHP and MySQL and is licensed under the GPL license.
Covide offers CRM with so called modules like addressmanagement, calendar, e-mail, filesystem, projectmanagement, sales, support and campaignmanagement and it also offers an integrated CMS. Covide is a web application and can only be accessed through the internet in combination with a web browser.
Cooperation.
The ethic behind Covide is 'cooperation'.
Through the publication of the project on SourceForge everybody is invited to help think and work on the functionality and technique of the project.
Covide itself is based on cooperation as well. The relations and projects play a dominant role. These are the main items that can contain connections with other modules and objects within Covide. This way you can simply connect, sort and archivate.
The second focus in Covide is groupware. In Covide this means you can seamlessly cooperate with colleagues even through different layers of departments.

</doc>
<doc id="18824576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824576" title="Havat Skali">
Havat Skali

Havat Skali (, lit. "Skali Farm"), also known as Point 792, is an Israeli settlement outpost in the West Bank. Located around four kilometres south-east of Elon Moreh, it falls under the jurisdiction of Shomron Regional Council. It was established by Yitzhak Skali in 1999, and is home to around 20 people.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="18824592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824592" title="Epinotia bilunana">
Epinotia bilunana

Epinotia bilunana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 13–17 mm. The moth flies from May to August. .
The larvae mainly feed on Birch.

</doc>
<doc id="18824601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824601" title="International Day of Democracy">
International Day of Democracy

In 2007 the United Nations General Assembly resolved to observe 15 September as the International Day of Democracywith the purpose of promoting and upholding the principles of democracyand invited all member states and organizations to commemorate the day in an appropriate manner that contributes to raising public awareness.
The preamble of the resolution affirmed that:
Background.
In September 1997 the Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) adopted a Universal Declaration on Democracy. That Declaration affirms the principles of democracy, the elements and exercise of democratic government, and the international scope of democracy.
The international conferences on new and restored democracies (ICNRD process) began in 1988 under the initiative of President Corazon C. Aquino of the Philippines after the so-called peaceful "People Power Revolution" overthrew the 20-year dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos. Initially an inter-governmental forum, the ICNRD process developed into a tripartite structure with participation of governments, parliaments and civil society. The sixth conference (ICNRD-6) that took place in Doha, Qatar in 2006 reinforced the tri-partite nature of the process and concluded with a Declaration and Plan of Action which reaffirmed the fundamental principles and values of democracy.
Following up on the outcome of ICNRD-6, an Advisory Board set up by the chair of the process – Qatar – decided to promote an International Day of Democracy. Qatar took the lead in drafting the text of a United Nations General Assembly resolution and convened consultations with UN member states. At the suggestion of the IPU, 15 September (date of the Universal Declaration on Democracy) was chosen as the day when the international community would celebrate each year the International Day of Democracy. The resolution entitled Support by the United Nations system of efforts of Governments to promote and consolidate new or restored democracies, was adopted by consensus on 8 November 2007.
Celebrations in 2008.
The IPU has urged parliaments to celebrate the International Day of Democracy through some form of special activity, to be held on or as close to 15 September as possible depending on circumstances. The day will be an opportunity for parliaments to: 
To mark the first International Day of Democracy on 15 September 2008, the IPU will hold a special event at the House of Parliaments in Geneva. National parliaments are invited to organize their own democracy-related activities on that day to highlight the role of parliament as the cornerstone of democracy.
Celebrations in 2013.
In 2013, IPU is promoting International Day of Democracy through its Member Parliaments in 162 countries around the world. As a result, a number of parliaments from all over the globe have already announced their events to be held on or close to 15 September.
This year's theme is "Strengthening Voices for Democracy" and IPU has launched an online contest to hear and gather stories from local democracy champions that managed to make their voices heard. These stories should inspire people to take action in their own community.

</doc>
<doc id="18824606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824606" title="Clarified Networks">
Clarified Networks

Clarified Networks is a company that is headquartered in Oulu, Finland. The company was acquired by Codenomicon in 2011, but continues to operate as a separate company under the Codenomicon Group.
The company is most famous for producing visualizations of security incidents, for example the patching of DNS cache poisoning attacks and Botnet traffic.
Since 2006 Clarified Networks has in particular concentrated in developing the collaborative focus in their products and currently refers to itself as a provider of Collaborative Network Analysis tools. Practical applications for Clarified Networks' tools are for example Traffic Auditing, troubleshooting and malware analysis.
Products.
Clarified Networks provides a wide set of different situation awareness tools, including:
Virtual Situation Room (VSRoom) provides unified, real-time views to the information provided by your monitoring systems. With VSRoom you will be able to collect, visualize and share monitoring data collected from your critical infrastructure. It provides beautiful situation overviews of complex data for decision makers and first line operation centers.
AbuseHelper is an open framework for collecting and sharing intelligence on suspected malicious activity. Clarified Networks is the lead developer and community contributor of AbuseHelper.
Network Analyzer is the tool of choice for collaborative analysis and visualization of complex networks. The analyzer helps you in collaborative troubleshooting, traffic audits and network documentation based on real traffic.
History.
The research and development for Clarified Networks' tools began in 2002 and continued for four years in the Oulu University Secure Programming Group (OUSPG) before Clarified Networks spun off from the research group in 2006.
The company entered the Venture Cup competition that year, and was one of the finalists.
In 2007, the founders of Clarified Networks also were awarded for their VMware Applicance called HowNetWorks.
In 2011, Company was acquired by Codenomicon.

</doc>
<doc id="18824609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824609" title="William Edward Throckmorton">
William Edward Throckmorton

Dr. William Edward Throckmorton (1795 – October 2, 1843) was an early Collin County, Texas settler.
Born in Virginia in 1795, Throckmorton was the son of a Revolutionary War soldier. He grew up in Virginia and met his first wife, Elizabeth Webb, there.
After receiving a degree in Medicine in 1817, Throckmorton began what was to become a series of moves across the country. In 1821, he moved to Sparta, Tennessee where he practiced medicine. This was followed by a move to Illinois. In the mid-1830s, he moved his practice to Fayetteville, Arkansas. While living there, his wife died.
He married his second wife, Malinda Clement, in 1840. (Malinda is sometimes referred to as Malinda Wilson as she married John H. Wilson after William Throckmorton died.) They moved to Texas a year later, settling near the town of Melissa in Collin County. He died on October 2, 1843 and was buried in the Throckmorton Cemetery outside Melissa.
Throckmorton fathered eight children. One of his sons, James Webb, became a prominent Texas politician. He held a number of positions including State Senator, Governor, and United States Congressman.
Throckmorton County, Texas, established on January 13, 1858, was named in honor of Dr. William Edward Throckmorton.

</doc>
<doc id="18824618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824618" title="Magen Dan">
Magen Dan

Magen Dan (, lit. "Dan Shield") is a village and an Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located around 750 metres west of Elkana, it falls under the jurisdiction of Shomron Regional Council. Established in May 1999, it is today home to around 20 families.

</doc>
<doc id="18824630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824630" title="Epiblema scutulana">
Epiblema scutulana

Epiblema scutulana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone. The species closely resembles "Epiblema sticticana" and "Epiblema cirsiana", identification is only possible on the basis of microscopic research of the genitalia.
The wingspan is 18–23 mm. The moth flies from May to September. .
The larvae feed on "Cirsium vulgare" and "Musk thistle".

</doc>
<doc id="18824657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824657" title="Aaron Corp">
Aaron Corp

Aaron Corp (born March 6, 1989) is an American football quarterback who is currently a free agent. He was signed as undrafted free agent by the Buffalo Bills in 2012 and was briefly with the Dallas Cowboys. He played college football for the University of Richmond. He also played for the University of Southern California (USC) prior.
High school.
Corp had an outstanding high school career at Orange Lutheran High School. A dual-threat quarterback, Corp completed 212-of-311 (68.2%) of his passes for 2,750 yards, 21 TDs and 7 interceptions, plus ran for 1,197 yards on 142 carries (8.4 avg.) with 12 TDs, in 2006. He also punted. Orange Lutheran went 14-1 and won the 2006 CIF Pac-5 Division and the California state Division II championships. He won the 2006 Glenn Davis Award for the best Southern California high school player.
College.
Corp started his career the University of Southern California where he was a redshirted during the 2007 season, and entered the 2008 season as a possible back-up for starting quarterback Mark Sanchez, alongside Arkansas transfer Mitch Mustain.
During fall camp before the 2008 season, Sanchez suffered a dislocated left kneecap while warming up for practice; the injury sidelined Sanchez and threw his availability for the season opener at Virginia (and beyond) into question. As a result, Mustain and Corp began alternating repetitions with the first team offense and competing for the possible starting spot. After missing nearly three weeks, Sanchez was cleared to play in the opener on the final day of fall camp; Corp was selected as his back-up because he demonstrated a better command of the offense. However, head coach Pete Carroll kept the competition for the back-up spot open throughout the season, and the competition resulted in Mustain regaining the second spot for some games, and Corp for others, throughout the season.
At the end of the 2008 season, Sanchez opted to forgo his final season and enter the NFL Draft, leaving the competition for the starting position in the 2009 season open between Corp, Mustain, and in-coming true freshman Matt Barkley, who like the other two also received major accolades as a high school player. Corp was widely considered the heir apparent to the vacated quarterback position following his impressive spring performances. He started at quarterback for the 2009 Spring Game and was atop the Trojan quarterback depth chart heading into fall camp. However, during fall camp, Corp suffered a fractured fibula and the starting job was awarded to Barkley. An injury to Barkley during the second game of the season resulting in Corp getting his first start against unranked Washington Huskies. Corp struggled throughout the game, completing 13 of 22 passes for 110 yards, one interception and no touchdowns, as the Huskies upset the heavily favored, No. 3 Trojans by a score of 16–13; it was the lowest number of passing yards for USC since Carroll took over the program in 2001. Barkley returned to the starting position the following week, with Corp as the primary back-up.
On January 7, 2010, USC coach Pete Carroll confirmed that Corp decided to transfer to the Richmond Spiders program in the Football Championship Subdivision.
Because Richmond is an FCS program, Corp was eligible to play immediately as a RS junior in 2010. Corp started the first 5 games of the season, leading the Spiders to a 2-2 record through 4. He was injured early in Richmond's October 9th loss to New Hampshire and had to be replaced by third-string QB Nick Hicks. On the season, Corp completed 67 of 123 pass attempts for 645 yards, 3 touchdowns and 4 interceptions. His 129 yards/game average was the best on the team, which saw six different players attempt passes throughout the season. He also recorded 19 rushes for 15 total yards. 
Corp was again the Richmond Spiders starting quarterback in 2011 as a senior. He has led the CAA team to a 2-0 record to start the season, including a road win against the Duke Blue Devils from the ACC.
Professional career.
Buffalo Bills.
Corp was signed by the Buffalo Bills on April 28, 2012 after going undrafted in the 2012 NFL Draft. He was released by the Bills on May 14, 2012 to make room on the roster. 
He re-signed with the Bills on February 14, 2013. He was released again by the Bills on April 29, 2013
Dallas Cowboys.
On May 7, 2013, it was announced Corp had signed with the Dallas Cowboys. On May 9, 2013, it was announced that Corp was cut from the Dallas Cowboys.
Miami Dolphins.
On May 15, 2013, Corp signed a one-year with the Miami Dolphins. On July 28, 2013, Corp was released by the Miami Dolphins. On August 14, 2013, he was re-signed by the Dolphins. On August 29, 2013 Corp sustained a broken collarbone late in the Dolphins’ preseason victory over New Orleans, according to a league source. He is expected to receive an injury settlement. 

</doc>
<doc id="18824670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824670" title="Imperial Inspector Minister">
Imperial Inspector Minister

Imperial Inspector Minister (Chinese:　欽差大臣) was an eminent official or military general that represented the emperor in China (the late Ming dynasty and Qing Dynasty) and Russia.　His power would often be just below that of the emperor, so that he could even command viceroys and governors of province by representing the emperor.
Functions.
main.
Negotiate with foreign argues (Ex:1838 Lin Zexu. Qishan (Qing Dynasty). Shen Baozhen)； nations concluded treaty (Ex:Qiying. Yixin, Prince Gong. Li Hongzhang)；
led and united local governments aid for natural disaster in large area.
sub.
Transport emperor will directed war(Ex:Tan Lun. Hong Chengchou. Xiang Rong. 1875 Zuo Zongtang. 1911 Yuan Shikai)； 
To worship (Ex:1564 Yan Song (Ming Dynasty))；
List of Ministers (middle and late Ming dynasty).
Especially the Imperial Inspector Minister own a sword given from Emperor
1555 Tan Lun(譚綸) against Wokou
1564 Yan Song (Ming Dynasty)
1640 Hong Chengchou against the Qing
List of Ministers (late Qing).
1838 Lin Zexu
1840 Qishan (Qing Dynasty) 
1842 Qiying
1850 Lin Zexu against Taiping Rebellion
1852 Ye Mingchen
1852 Xiang Rong(向榮)
1858 Qiying
1860 Yixin, Prince Gong
1871 Shen Baozhen
1875 Zuo Zongtang
1885 Zuo Zongtang
1895 Li Hongzhang
1896 Li Hongzhang
1911 Zhao Erxun
1911 Yuan Shikai
British Empire.
1860 James Bruce, 8th Earl of Elgin
Japan Empire.
1896 Itō Hirobumi

</doc>
<doc id="18824671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824671" title="Alcohol withdrawal syndrome">
Alcohol withdrawal syndrome

Alcohol withdrawal syndrome is a set of symptoms that can occur when an individual reduces or stops alcoholic consumption after long periods of use. Prolonged and excessive use of alcohol leads to tolerance and physical dependence. The withdrawal syndrome is largely a hyper-excitable response of the central nervous system to lack of alcohol. Symptoms typical of withdrawal include agitation, seizures, and delirium tremens.
Sedative-hypnotics, such as alcohol, are well known for their propensity to induce physiological dependence. This dependence is due to alcohol-induced neuro-adaptation. Withdrawal is characterized by neuropsychiatric excitability and autonomic disturbances. Dependence on other sedative-hypnotics can increase the severity of the withdrawal syndrome.
Signs and symptoms.
Signs and symptoms of alcohol withdrawal occur primarily in the central nervous system. The severity of withdrawal can vary from mild symptoms such as sleep disturbances and anxiety to severe and life-threatening symptoms such as delirium, hallucinations, and autonomic instability.
Withdrawal usually begins 6 to 24 hours after the last drink. It can last for up to one week. To be classified as alcohol withdrawal syndrome, patients must exhibit at least two of the following symptoms: increased hand tremor, insomnia, nausea or vomiting, transient hallucinations (auditory, visual or tactile), psychomotor agitation, anxiety, tonic-clonic seizures, and autonomic instability.
The severity of symptoms is dictated by a number of factors, the most important of which is degree of alcohol intake, length of time the individual has been using alcohol, and previous history of alcohol withdrawal. Symptoms are also grouped together and classified:
Progression.
Typically the severity of the symptoms experienced will depend on the amount and duration of prior alcohol consumption, as well as the number and severity of previous withdrawals. Even the most severe of these symptoms can occur in as little as 2 hours after cessation; therefore, the overall unpredictability necessitates either pre-planned hospitalization, treatment coordinated with a doctor, or at the very least fast access to medical care and a supporting system of friends or family should be introduced prior to addressing detoxification. In many cases, however, symptoms follow a reasonably predictable time frame as exampled below:
Six to 12 hours after the ingestion of the last drink, withdrawal symptoms such as shaking, headache, sweating, anxiety, nausea or vomiting occur. Other comparable symptoms may also exist in this period. Twelve to 24 hours after cessation, the condition may progress to such major symptoms as confusion, hallucinations (with awareness of reality), tremor, agitation, and similar ailments. It's between the 24 and 48 hour period that seizures typically may begin to emerge among the previous symptoms in the period, and this is where the serious risk of mortality begins.
Although most often, the condition begins to improve past the 48 hour mark, it can sometimes continue to increase in severity to delirium tremens, characterized by hallucinations that are indistinguishable from reality, severe confusion, more seizures, high blood pressure and fever which can persist anywhere from 4 to 12 days.
Protracted withdrawal.
A protracted alcohol withdrawal syndrome occurs in many alcoholics where withdrawal symptoms continue beyond the acute withdrawal stage but usually at a subacute level of intensity and gradually decreasing with severity over time. This syndrome is also sometimes referred to as the post acute withdrawal syndrome. Some withdrawal symptoms can linger for at least a year after discontinuation of alcohol. Symptoms can include a craving for alcohol, inability to feel pleasure from normally pleasurable things (also known as anhedonia), clouding of sensorium, disorientation, nausea and vomiting or headache. Insomnia is also a common protracted withdrawal symptom which persists after the acute withdrawal phase of alcohol. Insomnia has also been found to influence relapse rate. Studies have found that magnesium or trazodone can help treat the persisting withdrawal symptom of insomnia in recovering alcoholics. Insomnia can be difficult to treat in alcoholics because many of the traditional sleep aids (e.g. benzodiazepine receptor agonists and barbiturate receptor agonists) work via a GABAA receptor mechanism and are cross tolerant with alcohol. However, trazodone is not cross tolerant with alcohol. The acute phase of the alcohol withdrawal syndrome can also occasionally be protracted. Protracted delirium tremens has been reported in the medical literature as a possible but unusual feature of alcohol withdrawal.
Pathophysiology.
Chronic use of alcohol leads to changes in brain chemistry especially in the GABAergic system. Various adaptations occur such as changes in gene expression and down regulation of GABAA receptors. During acute alcohol withdrawal, changes also occur such as upregulation of alpha4 containing GABAA receptors and down regulation of alpha1 and alpha3 containing GABAA receptors. Neurochemical changes occurring during alcohol withdrawal can be minimized with drugs which are used for acute detoxification. With abstinence from alcohol and cross tolerant drugs these changes in neurochemistry gradually return towards normal. Adaptations to the NMDA system also occur as a result of repeated alcohol intoxication and are involved in the hyper-excitability of the central nervous system during the alcohol withdrawal syndrome. Homocysteine levels which are elevated during chronic drinking increase even further during the withdrawal state and may result in excito-neurotoxicity. Alterations in ECG, in particular an increase in QT interval, and EEG abnormalities including may occur during early withdrawal. Dysfunction of the hypothalamic–pituitary–adrenal axis and increased release of corticotropin-releasing hormone occur during both acute as well as protracted abstinence from alcohol and contribute to both acute and protracted withdrawal symptoms. Anhedonia/dysphoria symptoms, which can persist as part of a protracted withdrawal may be due to dopamine underactivity.
Kindling.
Kindling is a phenomenon where repeated alcohol detoxifications lead to an increased severity of the withdrawal syndrome. For example, binge drinkers may initially experience no withdrawal symptoms, but with each period of alcohol use followed by cessation, their withdrawal symptoms intensify in severity and may eventually result in full blown delirium tremens with convulsive seizures. Alcoholics who experience seizures during detoxification are more likely to have had previous episodes of alcohol detoxification than patients who did not have seizures during withdrawal. In addition, patients with previous withdrawal syndromes are more likely to have more medically complicated alcohol withdrawal symptoms.
Kindling can cause complications and may increase the risk of relapse, alcohol-related brain damage and cognitive deficits. Chronic alcohol misuse and kindling via multiple alcohol withdrawals may lead to permanent alterations in the GABAA receptors. The mechanism behind kindling is sensitization of some neuronal systems and desensitization of other neuronal systems which leads to increasingly gross neurochemical imbalances. This in turn leads to more profound withdrawal symptoms including anxiety, convulsions and neurotoxicity.
Binge drinking is associated with increased impulsivity, impairments in spatial working memory and impaired emotional learning. These adverse effects are believed to be due to the neurotoxic effects of repeated withdrawal from alcohol on aberrant neuronal plasticity and cortical damage. Repeated periods of acute intoxication followed by acute detoxification has profound effects on the brain and is associated with an increased risk of seizures as well as cognitive deficits. The effects on the brain are similar to those seen in alcoholics who have been detoxified multiple times but not as severe as in alcoholics who have no history of prior detox. Thus the acute withdrawal syndrome appears to be the most important factor in causing damage or impairment to brain function. The brain regions most sensitive to harm from binge drinking are the amygdala and prefrontal cortex.
People in adolescence who experience multiple withdrawals from binge drinking show impairments of long-term nonverbal memory. Alcoholics who have had two or more alcohol withdrawals show more frontal lobe cognitive dysfunction than alcoholics who have experienced one or no prior withdrawals. Kindling of neurons is the proposed cause of withdrawal related cognitive damage. Kindling from multiple withdrawals leads to accumulating neuroadaptational changes. Kindling may also be the reason for cognitive damage seen in binge drinkers.
Diagnosis.
Many hospitals use the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) protocol in order to assess the level of withdrawal present and therefore the amount medication needed. When overuse of alcohol is suspected but drinking history is unclear, testing for elevated values of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin and/or gammaglutamyl transferase can help make the diagnosis of alcohol overuse and dependence more clear.
Treatment.
Benzodiazepines are effective for the management of symptoms as well as the prevention of seizures. Certain vitamins are also an important part of the management of alcohol withdrawal syndrome. In those with severe symptoms inpatient care is often required. In those with lesser symptoms treatment at home may be possible with daily visits with a health care provider.
Benzodiazepines.
Benzodiazepines are the most commonly used medication for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal and are generally safe and effective in suppressing symptoms of alcohol withdrawal. This class of medications are generally effective in symptoms control, but need to be used carefully. Although benzodiazepines have a long history of successfully treating and preventing withdrawal, there is no consensus on the ideal one to use. The most commonly used agents are long-acting benzodiazepines, such as chlordiazepoxide and diazepam. These are believed to be superior to other benzodiazepines for treatment of delirium and allow for longer periods between dosing. However, benzodiazepines with intermediate half-lives like lorazepam may be safer in people with liver problems.
The primary debate between use of long-acting benzodiazepines and short-acting is that of ease of use. Longer-acting drugs, such as diazepam, can be dosed less frequently. However, evidence does exist that "symptom-triggered regimens" such as those used when treating with lorazepam, are as safe and effective, but have decreased treatment durations and medication quantity used.
Although benzodiazepines are very effective at treating alcohol withdrawal, they should be carefully used. Benzodiazepines should only be used for brief periods in alcoholics who are not already dependent on them, as they share cross tolerance with alcohol. There is a risk of replacing an alcohol addiction with benzodiazepine dependence or adding an additional addiction. Furthermore, disrupted GABA benzodiazepine receptor function is part of alcohol dependence and chronic benzodiazepines may prevent full recovery from alcohol induced mental effects. The combination of benzodiazepines and alcohol can amplify the adverse psychological effects of each other causing enhanced depressive effects on mood and increase suicidal actions and are generally contraindicated except for alcohol withdrawal.
Vitamins.
The prophylactic administration of thiamine intravenously is recommended before starting any carbohydrate containing fluids or food. Alcoholics are often deficient in various nutrients which can cause severe complications during alcohol withdrawal such as the development of Wernicke syndrome. The vitamins of most importance in alcohol withdrawal are thiamine and folic acid. To help to prevent Wernicke syndrome alcoholics should be administered a multivitamin preparation with sufficient quantities of thiamine and folic acid. Vitamins should always be administered before any glucose is administered otherwise Wernicke syndrome can be precipitated.
Anticonvulsants.
Some evidence indicates that topiramate carbamazepine and other anticonvulsants are effective in the treatment of alcohol withdrawal however, research is limited. A Cochrane review similarly reported that the evidence to support the role of anticonvulsants over benzodiazepines in the treatment of alcohol withdrawal is not significant and noted weaknesses in the studies available. The Cochrane review did note however, that paraldehyde combined with chloral hydrate showed superiority over chlordiazepoxide with regard to life threatening side effects and also noted that carbamazapine may have advantages for certain symptoms.
Other.
Clonidine may be used in combination with benzodiazepines to help some of the symptoms. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of baclofen for AWS.
Antipsychotics, such as haloperidol, are sometimes in addition to benzodiazepines to control agitation or psychosis. Antipsychotics may potentially worsen alcohol withdrawal as they lower the seizure threshold. Clozapine, olanzapine or low potency phenothiazines(e.g. chlorpromazine) are particularly risky; if used, extreme caution is required.
While intravenous ethanol could theoretically be used, evidence to support this use, at least in those who are very sick is insufficient.
Prognosis.
Failure to manage the alcohol withdrawal syndrome appropriately can lead to permanent brain damage or death. It has been proposed that brain damage due to alcohol withdrawal may be prevented by the administration of NMDA antagonists, calcium antagonists, and glucocorticoid antagonists. The NMDA antagonist acamprosate reduces excessive glutamate rebound thereby suppressing excitotoxicity and potential withdrawal related neurotoxicity.
Substances impairing recovery.
Continued use of benzodiazepines may impair recovery from psychomotor and cognitive impairments from alcohol. Cigarette smoking may slow down or interfere with recovery of brain pathways in recovering alcoholics.

</doc>
<doc id="18824682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824682" title="Norbert Kalucza">
Norbert Kalucza

Norbert Kalucza is a Hungarian amateur boxer who qualified for the 2008 Olympics.
Career.
He qualified for the Olympics by beating German boxer Marcel Schneider in the semi final of a European qualifying tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18824693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824693" title="Inn at Perry Cabin">
Inn at Perry Cabin

The history of the Inn at Perry Cabin dates back to the colonial era and the site of the property was one of the original land grants from the English Crown to the New World.
The original Inn, built in 1816, (now the north wing of the manor house) was designed and built by Purser Samuel Hambleton, a War of 1812 Navy veteran and aide-de-camp to Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry. The Inn, named after the renowned Perry who is famous for his declaration, "We have met the enemy, and they are ours,” was built to resemble the Commodore’s cabin (‘Perry Cabin’) on the flagship U.S.S. Niagara.
The property's usage changed over time from a private home to a working farm, and then again to a riding academy.
In 1980 the Myerhoff family of St. Michaels, who established a comfortable six-room hotel with a small restaurant, converted it into a lodging facility for the first time.
In September 1989, global entrepreneur and co-founder of Laura Ashley plc, Sir Bernard Ashley, purchased the property. He then began a two-year expansion that transformed The Inn at Perry Cabin into a 41-room luxury hotel.
Orient-Express Hotels purchased The Inn at Perry Cabin in May 1999. In 2002 and 2003, the company completed a $17 million improvement program which included three new buildings to bring the total room count from its original 41 up to 80. All renovations, the three new guest suite buildings, plus a number of outbuildings were designed by the architecture firm of Cooper, Robertson & Partners.
Notable visitors.
Celebrities who have visited The Inn at Perry Cabin include: Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward, Liz Taylor, Tom Selleck, Nicolas Cage, Robert Kennedy, Margaret Thatcher, Jane Seymour, Christopher Walken, Rachel McAdams, Isla Fisher, Vince Vaughn, Owen Wilson, Ed Cash, Jean-Marie Messier,Charles Gibson, Queen Elizabeth, Michael Jackson, Wynton Marsalis, Henry Kisinger, Bill Frist, Warren Buffett, Sarah Jessica Parker, Matthew McConaughey and John Major.
Restaurants.
The main restaurant of the Inn at Perry Cabin is called Sherwood’s Landing and is located on the ground floor overlooking the Miles River. Under the culinary direction of Chef Daniel Pochron, Sherwood's Landing is the only four-star, four-diamond restaurant in Maryland.
Popular culture.
The Inn at Perry Cabin was the site of the main wedding reception in the film "The Wedding Crashers", starring Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn

</doc>
<doc id="18824697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824697" title="Mehdi Khalsi">
Mehdi Khalsi

Mehdi Khalsi (born June 6, 1986 in Casablanca) is a Moroccan amateur boxer who competed at the 2008 and 2012 Olympics at welterweight.
In 2008 (results) he lost his debut to Dilshod Mahmudov 3-11.
At the 2012 African Boxing Olympic Qualification Tournament he qualified again at the same weightclass.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics (results) he lost his first fight to a Japanese Y.suzuki 13:14.

</doc>
<doc id="18824703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824703" title="Jambonneau">
Jambonneau

Jambonneau is a French culinary term for the knuckle end of a leg of pork or ham. It is consumed fresh, salted or smoked. In addition, after braising or poaching, jambonneau is traditionally served with sauerkraut or used in soups.
The same term may also be used for a chicken thigh that has been stuffed, usually with forcemeat, shaped like a ham and braised. Such a preparation is called jambonneau as it has a shape similar to the pork or ham form.

</doc>
<doc id="18824724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824724" title="Chuprene">
Chuprene

Chuprene (, pronounced ) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria, part of Vidin Province. It is the administrative centre of the homonymous Chuprene Municipality, which lies in the southern part of Vidin Province. The village is located 20 kilometres from Belogradchik and 70 kilometres from Vidin, 13-15 kilometres from the Bulgarian-Serbian border.
Chuprene is situated on the Manastirka and Chuprene Rivers in the western Balkan Mountains, at the foot of the Sveti Nikola Mountain and close to Midzhur, the highest peak of the western Balkan Mountains at 2,169 metres. The village is part of the copper ore vein from Bor to Chiprovtsi, and may have been settled by German ("Saxon") ore miners in the Middle Ages. The area has been inhabited since the Bronze Age and it was part of the Roman Empire in Antiquity, the First Bulgarian Empire and the Second Bulgarian Empire in medieval times. The village itself was first mentioned in an Ottoman register of the Vidin "sanjak" of 1454-1455. Jérôme-Adolphe Blanqui mentions it as "Chupren" in the description of his journey from Belogradchik to Niš in 1841. After the Liberation of Bulgaria, Chuprene grew rapidly and reached a peak population of 1800-2000.
The entire population is Christian, Bulgarian Orthodoxy being the dominant confession. Chuprene has a church with a bell and clock tower. The Chuprene Biosphere Reserve is located in the surrounding mountains.
Municipality.
Chuprene municipality includes the following 9 places:
Honour.
Chuprene Glacier on Smith Island, South Shetland Islands is named after Chuprene.

</doc>
<doc id="18824736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824736" title="Waycross, Georgia micropolitan area">
Waycross, Georgia micropolitan area

The Waycross Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in Georgia, anchored by the city of Waycross.
As of the 2000 census, the μSA had a population of 51,119 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 54,494).
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 51,119 people, 19,433 households, and 13,735 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 74.93% White, 22.78% African American, 0.20% Native American, 0.39% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.98% from other races, and 0.68% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.04% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $29,128, and the median income for a family was $35,138. Males had a median income of $27,621 versus $20,098 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $14,307.

</doc>
<doc id="18824737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824737" title="Liptougou">
Liptougou

Liptougou is a town in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,131 and is the capital of Liptougou Department.

</doc>
<doc id="18824743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824743" title="Nokia 6500 slide">
Nokia 6500 slide

The Nokia 6500 slide is a mobile phone by Nokia. The phone runs the Series 40 platform. The case is made of brushed stainless steel.
It is the Slide version of Nokia 6500 classic.

</doc>
<doc id="18824746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824746" title="2008 CONMEBOL Beach Soccer Championship">
2008 CONMEBOL Beach Soccer Championship

The 2008 CONMEBOL Beach Soccer Championship also known as the 2008 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup qualifiers for (CONMEBOL) was the second beach soccer championship for South America, held in April 2008, in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Brazil won the championship for a second consecutive time, with Argentina finishing second and Uruguay winning the third place play of to finish third. The three nations moved on to play in the 2008 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup in Marseille, France from July 17 - July 27.

</doc>
<doc id="18824751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824751" title="Bambilaré">
Bambilaré

Bambilaré is a town in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,437.

</doc>
<doc id="18824761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824761" title="Bantienima">
Bantienima

Bantienima is a town in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,310.

</doc>
<doc id="18824762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824762" title="Tullio Crali">
Tullio Crali

Tullio Crali (born in Igalo, 1910 – died in Milan, 5 August 2000) was an Italian artist associated with Futurism. A self-taught painter, he was a late adherent to the movement, not joining until 1929. He is noted for realistic paintings that combine "speed, aerial mechanisation and the mechanics of aerial warfare", though in a long career he painted in other styles as well.
Early life.
Crali was born in the Bay of Kotor on the coast of Montenegro. His family lived in Zara until 1922, when they moved to Gorizia. At the age of fifteen, while a student at the local technical institute, Crali discovered Futurism. He took up painting, influenced by Giacomo Balla and Enrico Prampolini.
Career.
Aeropittura.
In 1928 Crali flew for the first time. His enthusiasm for flying and his experience as a pilot influenced his art. In 1929, through Sofronio Pocarini, he made contact with Marinetti, the founder of Futurism, and joined the movement. In the same year "aeropittura" was launched in the manifesto, "Perspectives of Flight", signed by Benedetta, Depero, Dottori, Fillia, Marinetti, Prampolini, Somenzi and Tato. The manifesto stated that "The changing perspectives of flight constitute an absolutely new reality that has nothing in common with the reality traditionally constituted by a terrestrial perspective" and that "Painting from this new reality requires a profound contempt for detail and a need to synthesise and transfigure everything.”
Despite his relative youth, Crali played a significant part in "aeropittura". His earliest "aeropitture" represent military planes, "Aerial Squadron" and "Aerial Duel" (both 1929). In the 1930s, his paintings became realistic, intending to communicate the experience of flight to the viewer. His best-known work, "Nose Dive on the City" (1939), shows an aerial dive from the pilot's point of view, the buildings below drawn in dizzying perspective.
Crali exhibited in Trieste and Padua. In 1932 Marinetti invited him to exhibit in Paris in the first "aeropittura" exhibition there. He participated in the Rome Quadrennial in 1935, 1939 and 1943 and the Venice Biennale of 1940. At that time Crali was researching signs and scenery, leading in 1933 to his participation in the film exhibition "Futuristi Scenotecnica" in Rome. In 1936 he exhibited with Dottori and Prampolini in the International Exhibition of Sports Art at the Berlin Olympics.
Crali’s declamatory abilities and his friendship with Marinetti led him to organise Futurist evenings at Gorizia, Udine and Trieste, where he read the manifesto "Plastic Illusionism of War and Protecting the Earth" which he had co-authored with Marinetti. He also published a "Manifesto of Musical Words - Alphabet in Freedom".
After the Second World War.
Crali lived in Turin after the war, where he continued to promote Futurist events. Despite the ending of the Futurist movement with the death of Marinetti in 1944 and its Fascist reputation, Crali remained attached to its ideals and aesthetic.
Between 1950 and 1958 he lived in Paris, making occasional visits to Britain. He moved to Milan in 1958 where he remained (apart from a five-year period teaching at the Italian Academy of Fine Arts, Cairo) for the rest of his life. In Milan he began to collect and catalogue documents relating to his life and work. He donated his archive and several of his works to the Museo di arte moderna e contemporanea di Trento e Rovereto.
"Sassintesi" and later life.
In 1959 he published the first post-war Futurist manifesto "Sassintesi" (“Stone Syntheses”). In it he advocated a new form of artistic expression using natural materials - pebbles, stones and rocks formed of various minerals. “The inherent qualities of colour, form, translucence, texture, etc. were to suggest, develop and determine the idea of the artist, while their appearance and positioning produced a harmonious composition that relied much on the stones' natural symbiosis with the cosmos.” His "sassintesi" were exhibited in Milan in 1961. He tried to revive "aeropittura" in the late 1960s in a manifesto "Orbital Art". His painting "Frecco Tricolori" (1966) depicts jet fighter planes. He continued to paint, sculpt, teach and lecture throughout the 'sixties, 'seventies and into the 'eighties.
At his own wish, Crali was buried at Macerata, which remains the home of his family.

</doc>
<doc id="18824775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824775" title="Bonsiega">
Bonsiega

Bonsiega is a town in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 3,583.

</doc>
<doc id="18824794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824794" title="Dadounga">
Dadounga

Dadounga is a town in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,399.

</doc>
<doc id="18824810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824810" title="Dinalaye">
Dinalaye

Dinalaye is a town in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 3,197.

</doc>
<doc id="18824816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824816" title="Djibali">
Djibali

Djibali is a village in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 441.

</doc>
<doc id="18824820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824820" title="Primera División de México Clausura 2008">
Primera División de México Clausura 2008

Primera División de México "(Mexican First Division)" Clausura 2008 was a Mexican football tournament - the second of two tournaments held in the 2007/2008 season. It began January 18, 2008 and ran until June 1, 2008. Veracruz and Morelia inaugurated the season, with Morelia winning 1-0. Reigning champions Atlante were eliminated from making the "Liguilla" with a 3-2 loss to Monterrey and thus could not defend their title, and Veracruz was relegated to the Primera División A after finishing last on the percentage table. Six teams- Toluca, Jaguares, Santos Laguna, Monterrey, Guadalajara, and Cruz Azul- qualified directly to the "Liguilla" (playoffs) by finishing in the top two of their respective groups. Four teams- San Luis, Pachuca, Necaxa, and Atlas- advanced to the "Repechaje" (playoff qualifiers).
On June 1, 2008 Santos Laguna beat Cruz Azul (3-2 Global Aggregate) to win the Clausura 2008 trophy. This was the club's third championship victory.
Final Standings (Groups).
"Last updated May 4, 2008"
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Playoffs.
By winning Clausura 2008, Santos Laguna earned a berth in the 2008–09 CONCACAF Champions League Group Stage.
By being the Clausura 2008 runner-up, Cruz Azul earned a berth in the 2008–09 CONCACAF Champions League Preliminary Round.

</doc>
<doc id="18824822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824822" title="Djoari">
Djoari

Djoari is a village in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 592.

</doc>
<doc id="18824831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824831" title="Fouga, Burkina Faso">
Fouga, Burkina Faso

Fouga is a village in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 874.

</doc>
<doc id="18824838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824838" title="Southwestern University (Philippines)">
Southwestern University (Philippines)

The Southwestern University (SWU) is a private university in Cebu City, Philippines founded on 1946 by two pharmacists. It started as Southwestern Colleges in the summer of 1946 and became a university on December 11, 1959. It has three campuses in Metro Cebu.
History.
In summer of 1946, when the Philippines was in the rehabilitation process after World War II, Southwestern University was founded with the name Southwestern Colleges. The founders were husband-and-wife pharmacists Matias Hipolito Chavez Aznar II and Anunciacion Barcenilla Aznar.
Southwestern Colleges started with 18 faculty members and 509 students in three two-storey buildings on an approximately two-hectare lot. It had the following courses: elementary, high school (day and night classes), first two years of Arts and Sciences (Associate programs), Education and Commerce, and first-year Law. In the school year 1946–47, the Colleges of Medicine, Dentistry, Pharmacy and the Graduate School were opened. The College of Nursing was added in school year 1948–1949.
The school became a university on December 11, 1959 with its formal inauguration and the investiture of the co-founder and second president Anunciacion Barcenilla Aznar on February 13, 1960. The school year 1959–1960 also started with two new courses: Engineering and Optometry. The College of Medical Technology was opened in 1962. Agriculture and Veterinary Medicine came after a few years. The latest colleges added were Computer Studies, Physical Therapy, Maritime, and Criminology. In 2009, the university had 20 colleges and departments.
Southwestern University has continuously expanded its curricular offerings and its physical plant. The university now occupies more than 18 hectares. The Aznar Coliseum with a seating capacity of approximately 7,000–8,000 is the venue for sports and cultural activities.
Campuses.
Southwestern University is in the south of the City of Cebu, Philippines. The university has three campuses. The main campus is located on Urgello St.; the Aznar Coliseum Complex is on Aznar Road; and the Basak Campus on Sabellano St., Basak, Cebu City.
Main Campus.
The main campus is the home of the colleges of Arts and Sciences, School of Business, Computer Studies, Criminology, Dentistry, Engineering, Graduate School, Law, Maritime, Medical Technology, Medicine, Optometry, Pharmacy, Physical Therapy, and Teachers' College.
The Sacred Heart Hospital, Pathology and Biology Museums, Library, Interfaith Chapel, Botanical Garden, and the Administrative Offices are found in the main campus.
Aznar Coliseum Complex.
Located about 50 meters from the main campus, this complex is made up of Aznar Memorial Coliseum, a ballpark, and the Anunciacion B. Aznar building which houses the Elementary and High School Departments, the Maritime Regiment, the 540th NROTC Unit and the College of Nursing.
South Campus.
The third campus is the South Campus (formerly the Basak Campus), which houses the College of Veterinary Medicine and the Veterinary Teaching Hospital. The Elementary and High School Training departments are here.

</doc>
<doc id="18824841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824841" title="John Bird (bishop)">
John Bird (bishop)

John Bird (died 1558) was an English Carmelite monk and bishop. 
He was Warden of the Carmelite house in Coventry, and twice Provincial of his order. He attracted the attention of Henry VIII by his preaching in favour of the royal supremacy over the Church.
He was suffragan to the Bishop of Llandaff (titled Bishop of Penrydd (then spelled Penreth), after Penrydd in Pembrokeshire) and was then translated to become Bishop of Bangor. He then was appointed as the inaugural Bishop of Chester. The new diocese had both administrative and financial problems: Bird tried to address the finances, and dispensed with archdeacons, but succeeded only in making bad deals with the Crown and with leaseholders.
After the accession of the Catholic Queen Mary he had to surrender his bishopric since he was married. He retained his living at Dunmow and lived out his life as its vicar.

</doc>
<doc id="18824849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824849" title="Turberville v Stampe">
Turberville v Stampe

Turberville v Stampe (1697) 91 ER 1072 is an English tort law case concerning vicarious liability, also known as the "respondeat superior" doctrine.
Facts.
The employee or "servant" of the defendant negligently began a fire which spread to and damaged a neighbour's house. The master argued he was not responsible because he was not personally at fault. Moreover he had directed the employee the proper method of lighting fires, orders which were not followed.
Judgment.
Chief Justice Holt gave judgment.
Significance.
Holt carried this broad vicarious liability into the commercial setting, noting that ‘the master at his peril ought to take care what servant he employs; and it is more reasonable, that master should suffer for the cheats of his servant than strangers’ (ibid., 91 ER 797)

</doc>
<doc id="18824850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824850" title="Gabondi">
Gabondi

Gabondi is a town in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,047.

</doc>
<doc id="18824858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824858" title="Axel Schock">
Axel Schock

Axel Schock (born September 11, 1965 in Neckarbischofsheim, Baden-Württemberg) is a German journalist and author.
Schock grew up in Sinsheim. He studied literature and theater at the Free University of Berlin. In 1982 he published his first work and in 1985 received the "Scheffelpreis", a prize in literature awarded to high school graduates.
He lives openly gay in Berlin and works as a journalist and editor for different magazines and newspapers, including the gay magazine "Hinnerk" in Hamburg and "citymag Berlin". As a freelance author, he writes articles for daily newspapers like Berliner Zeitung, taz and Berliner Morgenpost. Schock also writes features for radio (for example RIAS Berlin, DeutschlandRadio and Radio 100) and for TV. He has also written under a pseudonym.

</doc>
<doc id="18824860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824860" title="Photosensitive glass">
Photosensitive glass

Photosensitive glass is a crystal-clear glass that belongs to the lithium-silicate family of glasses, in which an image of a mask can be captured by microscopic metallic particles in the glass when it is exposed to short wave radiations such as ultraviolet light. Photosensitive glass was first discovered by S. Donald Stookey in 1937 
History.
Photosensitive glass was invented in November 1937 by Dr. Donald Stookey of the Corning Glass Works. It was not announced publicly until ten years later on June 1, 1947. It was officially patented in 1950 by Stookey as U.S. Pat. No. 2,515,937 and U.S. Pat. Nos. 2,515,943 with gold microscopic particles.
Exposure process.
When the glass is exposed to UV light in the wavelength range 280–320 nm, a latent image is formed. The glass remains transparent at this stage, but its absorption in the uv range of the spectrum increases. This increased absorption is only detectable using uv transmission spectroscopy. 
The reason behind this is suggested to be an oxidation reduction reaction that occurs inside the glass during exposure in which cerium ions are oxidized to a more stable state and silver ions are reduced to silver.
Post-Exposure Heat Treatment.
When the glass is heated to temperatures in the range 550–560 °C for several hours the latent image is converted to a visible image through photoexcitation. Exposure through photographic negatives permits the development of three-dimensional color images and photographs. This heat treatment is done in two stages: the temperature is first raised to about 500 °C to allow for the completion of the oxidation-reduction reaction, and formation of silver nanoclusters. In the following stage, when the temperature is raised to 550–560 °C, a new material (lithium metasilicate) with the fomula (Li2SiO3) forms on the silver nanoclustors, this material forms in the crystalline phase.
HF Chemical Etching.
The lithium metasilicate that forms in the exposed regions of the glass has the unique property of being strongly etched in hydrofluoric Acid (HF). Hence allowing a three-dimensional image of the mask to be produced, the resulting glass microstructures have a surface roughness in the range 5 μm to 0.7 μm.
Applications.
Photosensitive glass is used in printing and reproducing processes. Photosensitive glass is like traditional camera film except that it reacts to ultraviolet (UV) light, where camera film responds to visible light. The ideal wavelength to use for exposure should be between 300 and 350 nm, with 320 nm being optimum. 
Photosensitive glass contains microscopic metallic particles. These microscopic metallic ion nanoparticles are made of gold or silver which is responsible for the refractive index change. Photosensitive glass is similar to photographic film. Photographic film uses chemicals, while photosensitive glass
uses gold or silver ions in the material that will respond to the action of light. The process is to pass light of the ultraviolet wavelength through a negative on the glass. Photographic resolution can be obtained with adhesive polyester as a reverse negative, however anything which resists UV light can act as a "negative."
The glass is sensitive to light that when passes through a mask can ultimately turn it into a permanent picture with a heat process "fixing" permanently the image. Silver glass "latent images" will develop in 3–4 hours at 886–976 °F.
Gold glass "latent images" require a higher temperature of 968–1058 °F and over a similar period of time for postbaking. Postbaking hastens the occurrence of the particles with the shadow areas of the negative, permitting deeper penetration into the glass than the highlighted areas. This gives the picture three dimensions and color.
The photograph is developed by heating the photosensitive glass around 1000 °F for several hours after exposure. The glass itself is photosensitive and produces a three-dimensional image. Particles that are invisible to the naked eye (i.e. gold or silver) are in the glass. These microscopic particles move and grow when heated to form the photographic image itself. The process is similar to camera film, however a "negative" is placed on top of the photosensitive glass and then exposed to ‘’’ultraviolet’’’ light. Camera film, of course, would be exposed to ordinary visible light. Then there is a special process for the exposed photosensitive glass. The glass is reheated then in a kiln and postbaked for several hours. The image then "appears" within the special exposed glass as if by magic. The heated piece of photosensitive glass is then allowed to cool down and the process is done. The positive images produced within photosensitive glass comes in a variety of colors.
As a material for the hot glass studio artist, an additional method of producing imagery in an object using photosensitive glass is to first blow an extremely thin rondel (cased or otherwise) which is annealed in the typical manner. That rondel is then cut into sections which are exposed under a negative. Next, those sections (containing the latent image) are warmed and applied to the surface of a gather of hot glass on the blowpipe. As the object is completed over several furnace reheats, the heat develops the image as the object is being created. This method specifically eliminates the need for the reheating of the object in a kiln for development, which consumes considerable oven time, energy, and the risk of loss or damage due to shattering on the way up to temperature, or more importantly, slumping while being held at temperature. The timing of the glassblower determines the final degree of development, and simple choices of form minimize distortion in the image. 
Since the image is inside and actually a part of the glass itself, photosensitive glass is the most durable photographic medium known. It is claimed that a photo image within photosensitive glass is the most durable form of photography and will last as long as the glass itself. The photographic image is not on the surface of the glass, but internally.
Fluorescent photosensitive glass makes it possible to make fluorescent photographs and fluorescence holography.
Photosensitive glass is different from photochromatic glass. Photochromatic glass is used in self-darkening sunglasses which darkens when exposed to bright daylight. It then returns to see-through transparency when strong daylight is removed and can then be used indoors as regular glasses.
Little has been done to develop the product since its patent. It is labor intensive and has a high cost. Only large commercial glass factories produce it. In the 1980s photosensitive glass was created to a small degree to be used in "hot glass" work. Then individual artists owned smaller studios and created works in blown glass and began experimenting with photosensitive glass. Going into the Twenty-First Century only a few glass artists know the technique of achieving good results with photosensitive glass.
In the present time, the only photosensitive glasses produced are Foturan and APEX. Foturan os profuced by Schott Corporation and APEX by Life Bioscience. Photosensitive glass has been used as a holographic material to record diffractive optical elements for high power laser applications.
Military applications.
One of the reasons for the delay between the invention of photosensitive glass and its public announcement approximately ten years later was its potential use in military applications. It is possible to burn images and words that are hidden in photosensitive glass until heated at a high temperature. The military used this fact during World War II to send secret messages to allied troops in pieces of what looked like "ordinary glass." At the other hand, the person who received the "ordinary glass" just had to heat it up to read the hidden message. Because of this application photosensitive glass was kept secret until the end of World War II.
Building applications.
The United Nations Building is faced with hundreds of square feet of photosensitive glass.

</doc>
<doc id="18824864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824864" title="Kodjéna">
Kodjéna

Kodjéna is a town in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,494.

</doc>
<doc id="18824866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824866" title="Primera División de México Apertura 2007">
Primera División de México Apertura 2007

Primera División de México "(Mexican First Division)" Apertura 2007 is a Mexican football tournament - one of two shorter tournaments that together make up the Mexican football season - to determine the champion(s) of Mexican football. It began on Friday, August 3, 2007. On June 10, 2007, FMF General Secretary Decio de Maria revealed the groups for the upcoming tournament. Reigning champions Pachuca were eliminated in Repechaje by Cruz Azul by a double leg aggragate score of 6-0 (0-2 in the first leg, 4-0 in the second leg) and thus could not retain their title. Puebla was promoted to the Primera División de México after they beat Sinaloa in the ascension final thus, Querétaro was relegated to the Primera División A. This is the first time they are taking part in a Primera División tournament since they were relegated after Clausura 2005. Atlante made the move to Cancún, Quintana Roo, and will play in the Estadio Andrés Quintana Roo after having played in Estádio Azteca for over a decade. At their new home, on December 9, 2007 Atlante won the Apertura 2007 by defeating UNAM Pumas 2-1 after the first game ended 0-0 in Mexico City. It was Atlante's 3rd title.
Final Standings (groups).
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Playoffs.
By winning Apertura 2007, Atlante earned a quarterfinal spot in the 2008 CONCACAF Champions' Cup, along with a berth in the 2008–09 CONCACAF Champions League Group Stage.
By being the Apertura 2007 runner-up, the Pumas earned a berth in the 2008–09 CONCACAF Champions League Preliminary Round.

</doc>
<doc id="18824871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824871" title="Kokou, Burkina Faso">
Kokou, Burkina Faso

Kokou is a town in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,242.

</doc>
<doc id="18824873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824873" title="Prince Octopus Dzanie">
Prince Octopus Dzanie

Prince Octopus Dzanie (born March 26, 1985) is an amateur boxer from Ghana who competed in the 2008 Olympics but lost his debut to Cuban favorite Idel Torriente 2:11. 

</doc>
<doc id="18824879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824879" title="Lontakoani">
Lontakoani

Lontakoani is a village in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 474.

</doc>
<doc id="18824885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824885" title="Nadouonou">
Nadouonou

Nadouonou is a town in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,039.

</doc>
<doc id="18824886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824886" title="The Shires Shopping Centre">
The Shires Shopping Centre

The Shires Shopping Centre is the central, covered shopping centre in Trowbridge, Wiltshire. The centre includes an adjoining 1000-space car park and fronts onto the retail-centred 'high street' which has many banks and cafés. The county town's main museum is within the centre. On average approximately 120,000 shoppers visit each week.
History.
Excavations before the construction of the centre revealed multiple artifacts of Saxon occupation, including a church and graveyard dated to c. 850 AD, and remnants of the medieval castle; as such the name evokes this period of Anglo-Saxon England when during the Heptarchy major affairs such as justice began to be administered by meetings at shire-level. 
Most of the land occupied by the centre was used in Trowbridge's woollen milling industry between the fourteenth and nineteenth centuries. Centrally within it was the last operating such facility, Salter's Home Mill, which closed in 1982 and much of which is Trowbridge Museum which opened with the centre in 1990.
The Shires was voted Wiltshire's best shopping centre for the six years to 2009 by readers of a local newspaper.
Current Occupiers.
A selection of national retail brands at the centre include:
With fewer than 40 national stores, or entirely independent are:
Near the main entrance of the store is a large Asda (supermarket) and opening to the street from the centre itself is an independent fast food outlet. 
The Shires Gateway.
This 2009 bolt-on built simultaneously with the Waterside housing and cafés development introduced fashion retailers Next and New Look, along with footwear retailer Brantano to the overall retail destination. 
The other three occupants are:
History.
The case for this added development accompanied significant growth of the town and region in population between 2001 and 2009, and consequently a desire and demand to make upmarket shopping accessible without having to visit the city of Bath or larger towns of Melksham or Chippenham.
Outline planning permission was granted by West Wiltshire District Council in 2007 for the development of a site on Bythesea Road, to be named "The Shires Gateway". Having published the scheme and consulted affected businesses, the body agreed to the developer's intention to provide: 
Development started in summer 2008 and completed the following summer.

</doc>
<doc id="18824890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824890" title="Nagnoagou">
Nagnoagou

Nagnoagou is a town in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,120.

</doc>
<doc id="18824891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824891" title="ND Črnuče">
ND Črnuče

Nogometno Društvo Črnuče, commonly referred to as ND Črnuče or simply Črnuče, is a Slovenian football club from the town of Črnuče, founded in 1971. Their golden years came in the mid nineties, when they were led by Slovenian football legend Branko Oblak, who came to Črnuče as manager in 1994. They won Slovenian Third League and finished at the third place in the 1995–96 Slovenian Second League, but then expectedly refused promotion. They merged with nearby NK Factor in 1997 and the team moved to Factor's home ground in Ježica, suburb of Ljubljana. Črnuče then reestablished their own squad to play on domestic Črnuče Sports Park in lower divisions, but they never came higher than 4. level.

</doc>
<doc id="18824901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824901" title="Nalenga">
Nalenga

Nalenga is a village in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 421.

</doc>
<doc id="18824907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824907" title="Nassourgou">
Nassourgou

Nassourgou is a village in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 799.

</doc>
<doc id="18824912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824912" title="Ouaboidi">
Ouaboidi

Ouaboidi is a town in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,850.

</doc>
<doc id="18824919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824919" title="Pintiagou">
Pintiagou

Pintiagou is a town in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,735.

</doc>
<doc id="18824931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824931" title="Souloungou">
Souloungou

Souloungou is a town in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 4,261.

</doc>
<doc id="18824940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824940" title="Tambiga">
Tambiga

Tambiga is a town in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,296.

</doc>
<doc id="18824948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824948" title="Tantiaka">
Tantiaka

Tantiaka is a village in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 633.

</doc>
<doc id="18824955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824955" title="Tolepsi">
Tolepsi

Tolepsi is a town in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,224.

</doc>
<doc id="18824960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824960" title="Touolongou">
Touolongou

Touolongou is a village in the Liptougou Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 652.

</doc>
<doc id="18824965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824965" title="Beatrix Ong">
Beatrix Ong

Beatrix Ong MBE is a London-based British luxury fashion accessories designer, known for her 'classic with a twist' shoes .
She has often been touted as 'The New Choo' and in 2004 was named by "The Independent" newspaper as one of the Top Ten leading shoe designers amongst Manolo Blahnik and Patrick Cox.
Beatrix Ong founded Beatrix Ong in 2002 and the debut collection, was featured in "Vogue", "Elle" and "Vanity Fair" and continues to have a constant presence amongst international fashion press as well as television and film.
Early life.
Beatrix Ong was born in London, England. She was then brought up in Hong Kong and then was educated at Roedean School in Brighton, Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design in London, London College of Communication, Fashion Institute of Technology in New York and Cordwainers College in London.
Career.
2002–2008.
Beatrix Ong began her career in fashion as an intern at "Harper's Bazaar" in New York. At age 22 she became Creative Director at Jimmy Choo Couture. After assisting British handbag designer Lulu Guinness design her much acclaimed first footwear collection, Beatrix Ong launched her own label by the same name - Beatrix Ong in 2002.
2008–present.
For Spring Summer, Beatrix Ong collaborated with Dover Street Market with shoes exclusively for London's leading style emporium. 
2009 also saw the launch of the new limited edition shoe boxes are launched. Illustrator Neal Murren, who has previously worked for Jil Sander, Prada and Levi's, has created the new boxes inspired by Beatrix Ong. Sure to be a collectors item, as with the previous boxes illustrated by Natasha Law, the new packaging is available from February 2009.
The second half of 2009 saw Beatrix Ong customise Nike iD Blazer Trainers that were available for a limited period only. 
Ong also joined forces with handmade luxury luggage brand Globe-Trotter to create an exclusive special edition range of travel cases. 
In November 2009, the Beatrix Ong concept store was launched in London’s Newburgh Quarter Carnaby Street in Central London for a limited period only. 
To finish the year and after being a Corporate Partner of the English National Ballet for a year, Beatrix Ong accepts the role of one of ENB’s Gala Committee members.
In the Spring, after providing the Autumn/Winter 2010 show shoes for British heritage brand, Aquascutum, Beatrix Ong announces her commission from Aquascutum to design and produce shoes for both men and women. It would be the first time in the brands history that a footwear collection is designed for them. This was followed by a Beatrix Ong shop-in-shop being opened within the Aquascutum flagship shop on Regent Street, London. 
In this year, Ong started to gain profile recognition when her portrait was taken by acclaimed musician and photographer, Bryan Adams. Ong was photographed again by another legendary musician - 80s icon Boy George for the Hep C Trust’s ‘Get Tested’ Campaign, launching in February 2011. 
In May, Beatrix Ong delivered a speech at The Clothworkers’ Hall, London as Guest Speaker at The Worshipful Company of Cordwainers annual white-tie Dinner. She was later invited to become an honorary liveryman of the Worshipful Company of Cordwainers (one of the City of London’s most historic and long-established livery companies), denoting Ong's achievements in the craft of footwear.
In November, Beatrix Ong hosted a special screening at the Apollo Piccadilly of a movie that depicts her great uncle, Dr Sun Yat Sen. Supported by Asia House, the screening featured a special talk and Q&A with Beatrix's uncle, Mr Peter Sun, great nephew of Dr Sun Yat-Sen, Director of Sun Yat-sen Foundation, Director Soon Ching Ling Foundation, Advisor Dr. Sun Yat-Sen Education and Charity Foundation.
In the growing stable of Beatrix Ong short films, Beatrix commissions Director Mark Jubber, co-founder of EXIT Magazine to shoots and edits a film entirely on the iPhone 4. The concept created by Beatrix resulted in a campaign film starring World Pole Dancing Champion, Elena Gibson in her studio, uncovering some of Beatrix Ong's key styles of the season.
The end of 2010 saw the opening of the Beatrix Ong store at 188 Pavilion Road, Chelsea, London.
In 2011, at only 34 years old, Ong was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2011 New Year Honours for services to the fashion industry.
Ong presented the Royal Wedding of Catherine Middleton to Prince William in April with James Chau for Central Chinese Television. It made history as the first broadcast of a Royal and religious event to China and is said to have captured an audience of 200 million viewers in China alone.
Personal life.
Beatrix Ong was born in London, England. Ong is the youngest of three daughters. Her great uncle is Sun Yat Sen, the Chinese Revolutionary and the first President of the Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="18824978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824978" title="Bishop of Penrydd">
Bishop of Penrydd

The Bishop of Penrydd (originally spelled Penreth) was a suffragan see in the Church of England (then covering England and Wales) named in the Suffragan Bishops Act 1534.
Only one bishop was appointed by Robert Holgate, Bishop of Llandaff from 1537 until 1539. The holder John Bird went on to be Bishop of Bangor and then Chester.

</doc>
<doc id="18824980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18824980" title="Cockroaches in popular culture">
Cockroaches in popular culture

Because of their long, persistent association with humans, cockroaches are frequently referred to in art, literature, folk tales and theater and film. In Western culture, cockroaches are often depicted as vile and dirty pests. Their size, long antennae, shiny appearance and spiny legs make them disgusting to many humans, sometimes even to the point of phobic responses. This is borne out in many depictions of cockroaches, from political versions of the song La Cucaracha where political opponents are compared to cockroaches, through the 1982 movie Creepshow and TV shows such as the X-files, to the Hutu extremists' reference to the Tutsi minority as cockroaches during the Rwandan Genocide in 1994 and the controversial cartoons published in the "Iran weekly magazine" in 1996 which implied a comparison between Iranian Azeris and cockroaches.
Not all depictions of cockroaches are purely negative, however. In the Pixar film "Wall-E", a cockroach that has survived all humanity is the lead character's (a robot's) best friend, and waits patiently on him to return. The same cockroach survives getting squished twice. In the film Joe's Apartment, the cockroaches help the titular hero, and the narrator of the book Archy and Mehitabel is a sympathetic cockroach. In the book "Revolt of the Cockroach People", an autobiographical novel by Oscar Zeta Acosta, cockroaches are used as a metaphor for oppressed and downtrodden minorities in US society in the 1960s and 70s. The image of cockroaches as resilient also leads people to compare themselves to cockroaches. Madonna has famously quoted, "I am a survivor. I am like a cockroach, you just can't get rid of me." "Cockroach", or some variant of it is also used as a nickname, for example Boxing coach Freddie Roach, who was nicknamed La Cucaracha (The Cockroach) when he was still competing as a fighter.

</doc>
<doc id="18825020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825020" title="Pyrénées – Mont Perdu World Heritage Site">
Pyrénées – Mont Perdu World Heritage Site

The Pyrénées – Mont Perdu World Heritage Site (also known as UNESCO Patrimonio Mundial Pirineos – Monte Perdido in Spanish) is a world heritage site straddling the border between Spain and France in the Pyrenees mountain chain. The summit of Monte Perdido (French: Mont Perdu) is on the Spanish side of the border. The site was designated in 1997 and extended north in 1999 to include the Commune of Gèdre in France.
The site includes two bordering national parks: the entire Ordesa y Monte Perdido National Park in Spain and the eastern part of Pyrénées Occidentales National Park in France.
The World Heritage Site comprises a total area of 30,639 hectares.

</doc>
<doc id="18825021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825021" title="Robenílson Vieira">
Robenílson Vieira

Robenílson Vieira de Jesus by some sources incorrectly shortened to "Robenilson Jesus" (born September 24, 1987 in Salvador) is an amateur boxer from Brazil. 
He lost his first match at the PanAmGames 2007.
Later he later qualified to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Flyweight division beating among others Braulio Avila. 
At Beijing, see Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Flyweight, he won his first match against Sri Lankan Anurudha Rathnayake but lost to Tajik Anvar Yunusov.
He qualified at the 2012 American Boxing Olympic Qualification Tournament at Bantamweight.
In London he was successful against Orzubek Shayimov and former world champion Sergey Vodopyanov.

</doc>
<doc id="18825039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825039" title="Halloween Problem">
Halloween Problem

In computing, the Halloween Problem refers to a phenomenon in databases in which an update operation causes a change in the physical location of a row, potentially allowing the row to be visited more than once during the operation. This could even cause an infinite loop in some cases where updates continually place the updated record ahead of the scan performing the update operation.
The potential for this database error was first discovered by Don Chamberlin, Pat Selinger, and Morton Astrahan in 1976, on Halloween day while working on a query that was supposed to give a ten percent raise to every employee who earned less than $25,000. This query would run successfully, with no errors, but when finished all the employees in the database earned at least $25,000, because it kept giving them a raise until they reached that level. The expectation was that the query would iterate over each of the employee records with a salary less than $25,000 precisely once. In fact, because even updated records were visible to the query execution engine and so continued to match the query's criteria, salary records were matching multiple times and each time being given a 10% raise until they were all greater than $25,000.
The name is not descriptive of the nature of the problem but rather was given due to the day it was discovered. As recounted by Don Chamberlin:
Pat and Morton discovered this problem on Halloween ... I remember they came into my office and said, ‘Chamberlin, look at this. We have to make sure that when the optimizer is making a plan for processing an update, it doesn’t use an index that is based on the field that is being updated. How are we going to do that?’ It happened to be on a Friday, and we said, ‘Listen, we are not going to be able to solve this problem this afternoon. Let’s just give it a name. We’ll call it the Halloween Problem and we’ll work on it next week.’ And it turns out it has been called that ever since.

</doc>
<doc id="18825042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825042" title="USS Gwinnett (AG-92)">
USS Gwinnett (AG-92)

USS "Gwinnett" (AK-185/AG-92/AVS-5) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy shortly before the end of World War II. She was found to be excess-to-needs and was placed into reserve.
Constructed at Superior, Wisconsin.
"Gwinnett" (AVS-5) was originally designated "AK-185" and was launched as "AG-92" under U.S. Maritime Commission contract by Walter Butler Shipbuilders, Inc., Superior, Wisconsin, 14 May 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Oliva Dionne, mother of the Dionne quintuplets.
World War II-related service.
After being taken down the Mississippi River to New Orleans, Louisiana, the ship was outfitted at Port Houston Iron Works, Houston, Texas, and commissioned there 10 April 1945, Lt. H. K. Golwey in command.
Soon after commissioning, "Gwinnett" was redesigned "AVS-5" on 25 May 1945. After shakedown in the Gulf of Mexico she was ordered to the Pacific coast for disposal.
Inactivation.
"Gwinnett" arrived San Francisco, California, 25 January 1946. She decommissioned and was simultaneously redelivered to the U.S. Maritime Commission 11 February 1946. Her subsequent fate is not known.
C1-M-AV1 reserve fleet.
The U.S. Air Force acquired a number of these C1-M-AV1 ships from the Navy reserve fleet and used them as telemetry tracking vessels on the Atlantic Missile Range in the 1950s and 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="18825043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825043" title="Bourgou">
Bourgou

Bourgou may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18825050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825050" title="Stefan Leitl">
Stefan Leitl

Stefan Leitl (born 29 August 1977) was a German footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career.
Leitl played as a youth for FC Ismaning, before joining the youth setup of Bayern Munich in 1987. He left the club to join SpVgg Unterhaching, but returned, and began playing for the reserve team in 1995. A year later he was promoted to the senior squad, but did not make any first-team appearances, continuing to play for the reserves in the Regionalliga Süd. In 1998, he left FC Bayern, joining local amateur side SV Lohhof, with whom he won the Oberliga Bayern, securing promotion to the Regionalliga. He left, however, joining 1. FC Nuremberg, then of the 2. Bundesliga. 
After two years Nuremberg were promoted to the Bundesliga as champions, where Leitl found his opportunities limited – after just five appearances he left the club half-way through the 2001–02 season, dropping back down a division to return to Unterhaching. He could not prevent them being relegated down to the Regionalliga, but played in 33 of 36 games the following season as they won the title, finishing ahead of Jahn Regensburg on goals scored. Leitl had now been a champion at the top four levels of German football.
The following season Leitl had lost his place, and only played 13 games, mostly as a substitute. He left the club in July 2004, joining Darmstadt, where he spent three seasons in the Regionalliga, leaving in 2007 after the club were relegated. He returned to Bavaria to sign for FC Ingolstadt 04, where he established himself as a key player, captaining the club to promotion as league runners-up. Ingolstadt were relegated after one season, but bounced back in 2010, beating Hansa Rostock in a playoff to return to the 2. Bundesliga.
Leitl started the 2010–11 season with a goal in a DFB-Pokal match against Karlsruher SC, the first goal at Ingolstadt's new Audi Sportpark. He retired at the end of the 2012–13 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18825066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825066" title="Komboassi">
Komboassi

Komboassi may refer to:
In Gnagna Province, Burkina Faso:

</doc>
<doc id="18825069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825069" title="Trimeresurus stejnegeri chenbihuii">
Trimeresurus stejnegeri chenbihuii

Trimeresurus stejnegeri chenbihuii is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to Hainan Island in China.
Etymology.
The specific name, "chenbihuii", is in honor of Professor Bi-Hui Chen of Anhui Normal University.
Description.
The scalation includes 21 rows of dorsal scales at midbody, 169-178/168-174 (160-170/167-174) ventral scales in males/females, 70-80/66-78(56-73) subcaudal scales in males/females, and 10-12 supralabial scales.
Geographic range.
Found in China on Hainan Island on Mount Diaoluo at 225-290 m (740-950 ft) elevation (Lingshui County), and on Wuzhi Mountain at elevation (Qiongzhong County). The type locality given is "Diaoluo Shan, Lingshui Co., Hainan Prov., China; altitude about 250 m ft".

</doc>
<doc id="18825074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825074" title="Pub (Đorđe Balašević album)">
Pub (Đorđe Balašević album)

Pub (trans. "Jack") is the first solo album released by Serbian and former Yugoslav singer-songwriter Đorđe Balašević. The album was produced by Josip Boček, who also played guitar on the album.
The album featured the hits "Ratnik paorskog srca" which tells of a peasant who returns from World War I and who "wasn't made to be a soldier", "Za sve je kriv Toma Sojer" which tells of three boys which ran away from home influenced by "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer", "Boža zvani Pub" which tells of a legendary gambler nicknamed Pub ("Jack"), the ballad "Lepa protina kći". The song "Pesma o jednom petlu" went on to become one of Balašević's signature pieces. It tells a story of an old man's younger days in the farm-rich area of Vojvodina when he had a pet rooster. The rooster is widely assumed to be a metaphor for his male sexual organ for which female birds tend to go crazy. The lyrics go on to list different kinds of female birds which in turn depict stereotypical characteristics of women in Serbo-Croatian slang. The refrain line "Princip je isti, sve su ostalo nijanse" ("The principle is the same, everything else is nuances") is referring to the way of courting the opposite sex. The lyrics conclude in the man's later years as he misses the good times gone by and giving advice never to make your rooster suffer, to let him fly around so that female birds can see him, for afterwards it will be too late, because even roosters have a life span.
The album was polled in 1998 as the 66th on the list of 100 greatest Yugoslav rock and pop albums in the book "" ("YU 100: The Best albums of Yugoslav pop and rock music").
Track listing.
All the songs were written by Đorđe Balašević.

</doc>
<doc id="18825090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825090" title="Sergio Clerici">
Sergio Clerici

Sergio Clerici (born 25 May 1941 in São Paulo) is a retired Brazilian footballer who played in Italy for Lecco, Bologna, Atalanta, Verona, Fiorentina, Napoli and Lazio.

</doc>
<doc id="18825098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825098" title="Samboandi">
Samboandi

Samboandi may refer to:
In Gnagna Province, Burkina Faso:

</doc>
<doc id="18825099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825099" title="Jolene Brand">
Jolene Brand

Jolene Brand (born Jolene Marie Bufkin on July 31, 1934 in Los Angeles, California, USA) is an American actress. She is married to George Schlatter and has two daughters – Andrea Justine Schlatter and Maria S. Schlatter. She acted most in the 50's and 60's, and appeared in a number of Ernie Kovacs television programs.

</doc>
<doc id="18825103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825103" title="Raleigh Haberdasher">
Raleigh Haberdasher

Raleigh Haberdasher, more commonly called Raleigh's, was a high end, local men's and women's furnishings store based in Washington, D.C. 
History.
The first store opened on February 16, 1911, at 1109 Pennsylvania Ave., NW, in the Raleigh Hotel. Mr. Clarence Grosner was the first store operator.
Men who give thought to care and taste in their dress will be interested to hear of the opening today of The Raleigh Haberdasher at 1109 Pennsylvania avenue. Mr. Clarence W. Grosner, who for many years has been well known in Washington as a popular caterer to the sartorial wants of man, will be in charge of this new emporium, which is an assurance that everything will be strictly up-to-date and first class. The place has been thoroughly remodeled and the fixtures are of the latest and most attractive design. The aim of the Raleigh Haberdasher will be to sell the very newest and best in exclusive furnishings and hats for men at the lowest prices.
In 1952, Sidney Lansburgh and his family purchased the company from the estate of Clarence Grosner. He would remain President and Chief Executive Officer of the Raleigh Stores Corp. until his death in 1983. Raleigh's remained an independent,family owned corporation until 1984, when it was acquired by an investor group headed by New York retail entrepreneur Neal J. Fox. In 1987, Fox purchased the Garfinckel's department store chain for $95 million in a leveraged buyout. The following year, Fox was ousted by investors and Raleigh's was acquired by Hartmarx. In September 1992, after Hartmarx sold Raleigh's along with other retail stores to the investors group HSSA Group Ltd., they announced the decision to close the chain six days after purchasing it. The chain closed in December 1992.
Flagship store.
In 1923 the downtown store moved to 1310 F Street, NW. That store would remain the flagship store and headquarters until 1971, and remain open until January 1980. It was demolished and replaced by The Shops at National Place.
In 1971, the company moved its flagship store to 1133 Connecticut Ave., NW, in a location formerly occupied by Erlebacher's. In 1986, that store was sold for $7.5 million and the store moved to a "temporary location" across the street 1130 Connecticut Ave., NW. It would return to its former flagship for its liquidation sale in late 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18825106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825106" title="Hurshid Tojibaev">
Hurshid Tojibaev

Khurshid Tadjibayev/Hoorshid Tojibaev (13 November 1989) is an Uzbek amateur boxer who competed at bantamweight at the 2008 Olympics.
He qualified by beating fighters like Han Soon Chul.
In Beijing he upset German veteran Rustamhodza Rahimov 11:2 but lost to Bruno Julie from Mauritius 4:16.

</doc>
<doc id="18825108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825108" title="Nathan Rees">
Nathan Rees

Nathan Rees MP (born 12 February 1968), an Australian politician, was the 41st Premier of New South Wales and parliamentary leader of the New South Wales division of the Australian Labor Party from September 2008 to December 2009. Rees is a Member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Toongabbie for Labor since 2007.
Rees replaced Morris Iemma as Premier and party leader on 5 September 2008. On 3 December 2009, Rees was deposed as leader of the Labor Party by Kristina Keneally after he resoundingly lost a secret ballot in the Labor Party caucus after fifteen months as Premier. He is the shortest-serving member of the New South Wales Parliament to become Premier since Federation, and the only Labor Premier of New South Wales not to lead the party into an election.
Early life.
Rees was born in 1968 in Western Sydney to parents Daryl and Frances, his mother being a longtime member of the Labor Party, reportedly from Penrith, New South Wales. He attended Northmead High School where he served as school captain. On leaving school he initially took up a horticultural apprenticeship and worked as a greenskeeper for Parramatta Council. Subsequently he went on to study English literature at the University of Sydney, attaining an honours degree in 1994, supporting himself by working as a garbage collector at the same council. During his time at the Council he became Secretary of the then Municipal and Shire Employees Union.
Rees was a long-distance runner, and a member of the Parramatta Cycling Club, where he won many events. When training for races, Rees would cycle up to 1000 km per week. He once attained third place in a state triathlon.
Politics.
Rees's first job in politics was in 1995, when he became an adviser to the then deputy premier Andrew Refshauge, for whom his mother, Frances, worked. During this period, Rees cycled between Bullaburra in the Blue Mountains, where he lived at the time, and central Sydney, a distance of more than .
He subsequently worked for Ministers Craig Knowles and Morris Iemma, and as chief of staff for Minister Milton Orkopoulos. Rees transferred to the Premier's office in 2006, three months before Orkopoulos was charged with paedophilia. Rees has stated that he had no knowledge of the crimes committed by Orkopoulos and would have reported him to the police had he been aware of them. Former Labor MP Paul O'Grady claimed in September 2008 that Rees had chosen to remain ignorant of the allegations.
He was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly on 24 March 2007 and became Minister for Emergency Services, and Minister for Water Utilities, on 2 April 2007.
In July 2008, he was touted by the Sydney media as being a contender for Premier. Rees denied that he was a contender for the role, saying that "Premier Iemma has my rock-solid, unequivocal support and he knows that". Two months after this interview, Morris Iemma was deposed as Premier in favour of Rees.
Minister for Water Utilities and Minister for Emergency Services.
As Minister for Water Utilities, Rees was responsible for implementing the $1.9 billion Sydney Desalination Plant at Kurnell, and the proposed Tillegra Dam in the Hunter Region.
At the time Rees was appointed Minister for Water Utilities, Sydney was experiencing extreme drought conditions requiring transfer of water from the Shoalhaven River to Sydney and the imposition of water restrictions.
The construction of the controversial Sydney Desalination Plant to prepare Sydney for future droughts was completed whilst Rees was Minister. The project came in $60 million under budget and doubled the initial capacity. Contracts were also entered into to provide for the powering of the desalination plant through renewable sources.
Premier.
After the resignation of Morris Iemma on 5 September 2008, later in the day, Rees was nominated for the position of Premier and won the unanimous support of the Labor Party caucus. He was sworn in by the Lieutenant Governor of New South Wales, Supreme Court Chief Justice James Spigelman after only nineteen months as a Member of Parliament. Carmel Tebbutt was elected unanimously as Deputy Leader, and thus Deputy Premier. The following Monday, 8 September, Rees was also sworn in as Minister for the Arts.
A slump in revenues associated with the recent global financial crisis compelled Rees and the State Treasurer Eric Roozendaal to implement a mini-budget which was handed down on 11 November 2008. The mini-budget increased taxes and charges such as land tax, mineral royalties, parking space levies and also announced the privatisation of state assets. A universal scheme providing free travel on public transport for all students going to and from school was curtailed - a decision since reversed - and the previously announced North West Metro and South West rail projects were indefinitely postponed. A series of by-elections to replace former Premier Morris Iemma, Deputy Premier John Watkins and Health Minister Reba Meagher resulted in massive swings against the government and saw John Watkins' former seat of Ryde resoundingly lost to the Liberals.
Soon after returning from his wedding in New York, Rees dismissed rumours of a leadership challenge within the Labor party. After the resignation of John Della Bosca as Minister for Health and the Central Coast, and after a subsequent cabinet reshuffle, Rees appointed himself as Minister for the Central Coast.
On 14 November 2009, Rees was granted extraordinary powers by the New South Wales Labor State Conference to pick his own cabinet (usually the Labor caucus and Head Office chooses the ministry, and the leader only assigns portfolios). The next day Rees sacked Finance Minister (and Labor powerbroker) Joe Tripodi, Primary Industries Minister Ian McDonald, and Parliamentary Secretaries Henry Tsang and Sonia Hornery for blocking key reforms aimed at distancing the government from corruption and improving the provision of services to constituents and for plotting to remove him from the premiership. This was the fourth time since Rees had taken over the premiership that there had been a cabinet reshuffle.
Economy.
Rees took over as Premier on 5 September 2008. Eleven days later Lehman Brothers, a financial giant based in the United States, collapsed and precipitated the global financial crisis.
The Rees government responded to the crisis with a three-point plan. Firstly, Rees reaffirmed his government's commitment to the retention of a Triple A credit rating. Rees emphasised that as finance and credit became harder to get around the world, retaining a Triple A credit rating was essential to being able to borrow money at the lowest rates available. Secondly, as Chair of the government's Budget sub-committee, Rees announced there would be a mini-budget which was delivered in November 2008. The mini-budget delayed a number of large scale capital works projects with long lead times and instead emphasised capital expenditure on smaller projects which could generate employment more quickly. Third, Rees drew industry and business leaders together to conduct a job summit. This summit was co-chaired by Roger Corbett, Steve Harkins and David Gonski. In addition to the Work Plan developed by the summit, Rees also announced the establishment of 4,000 government apprenticeships across the state and 2,000 cadetships.
After the delivery of the 09-10 Budget, the AAA credit rating in NSW was reaffirmed by the major credit ratings agencies and the agency's outlook for NSW was upgraded from negative to stable. Rees has since claimed that NSW is the only jurisdiction in the world to have improved its credit rating during the Global Financial Crisis.
The 09-10 Rees Budget had the largest capital works expenditure to date in the State's history, more than $18 billion.
Education.
In his short period as Premier, Rees and his Education Minister, Verity Firth, made substantial changes to the NSW Education system. From 1998 to 2008, there had only been a slight increase in the retention rate for students remaining to complete Year 12, with significant inequality as measured by socio-economic status. In response, in January 2009, Rees announced that he would be increasing the minimum leaving age from 15 to 17 years.
Together with the Federal government, Rees also established 175,000 new training places in the vocational training sector, and provided a training guarantee for apprentices who had had their apprenticeships interrupted.
Controversially, Rees also introduced Ethics classes into primary schools against fierce opposition from church groups.
Law and order.
Shortly after coming to office, the death of a bikie at Sydney airport required Rees to introduce controversial laws aimed at banning criminal gangs. Fierce opposition from civil libertarians followed, and in June 2011, the High Court ruled against the government.
In the 09/10 Budget, the NSW police force was provided with $10 million to equip frontline police with Taser stun guns.
Rees also introduced measures aimed at reducing alcohol-related violence. These included mandatory lockouts, plastic cups and the naming and shaming of the most violent venues. In the comparison period, 'glassings' went from 17 incidents in the previous year to one incident after these measures were introduced.
Despite ongoing disputes between criminal gangs, the Bureau of Crime Statistics and Research reported that in the 24 months to December 2010, ten of the 17 major offence categories were stable and seven were falling.
Environment.
Building on the environmental legacy of Bob Carr, Rees announced the preservation of the last remaining large tract of River Red Gums in the state's south. This completed the forest preservation program commenced by Carr, who had preserved the North Coast and Brigalow natural heritage areas. 
Rees also announced the establishment of Yengo National Park in the Upper Hunter region; 120,000 hectares of pristine bushland, in June 2009. Furthermore, the Rees government announced an additional 65,000 hectares of land in Yanga National Park in the Riverina. 
Transport.
Successive Labor administrations had been criticised for inadequate spending on public transport. Financially restrained from large-scale projects due to the global financial crisis, Rees and his Transport Minister David Campbell determined that massive expansion of the bus network would improve transport options more quickly than large heavy rail expansions. Accordingly, 450 new buses were ordered. 
Rees also opened the Epping to Chatswood rail line, the first piece of significant rail infrastructure in a decade, and projected usage was quickly outstripped. 
In November 2009, Rees announced approval for Stage 2 of the South West Rail Link, a $1.3 billion project to improve public rail services to south western Sydney. 
Rees and Campbell enjoyed a close working relationship, and on their watch train service reliability rose to a ten year high of 95% on-time running. They also announced the restoration of ferry services from the city to Parramatta to ease rail and road congestion. To ease congestion in city centres, free shuttle buses were also introduced into Sydney city and Wollongong. To encourage public transport use on weekends, the Rees Government introduced $2.50 Family Fun Day fares for Sundays, with discount entry to museums and other tourist locations. Rees and Campbell also delivered a simplified fare structure for the rail network and 300 new buses. 
Health.
Rees established the Bureau of Health Information in July 2009 to produce regular and timely reports on the performance of the NSW health system, including waiting lists, and developing and distributing tools to allow users to interrogate data. 
Whilst often criticised for the performance of hospitals, Rees was able to point to an Australian Government report titled "The State of our Public Hospitals" which in June 2009 reported that NSW had the best elective surgery and emergency department performances in Australia. 
Rees also introduced eyesight screening for preschoolers to complement universal hearing tests previously introduced by Craig Knowles. 
Aboriginal affairs.
In November 2009, Rees announced the single largest handback of Aboriginal land in the state's history. The Yuin people of the South Coast of NSW had lodged a claim under the Aboriginal Land Rights Act for 20,000 hectares bordering the Morton National Park, including Yarramumum and Boolijong Creeks and parts of the Yerriyong State Forest. Rees granted the claim in full. 
Arts.
As Arts Minister, one of Rees early tasks was to announce the establishment of an annual festival, Vivid Sydney. Described as a 'festival of lights and ideas' the inaugural curator was Brian Eno, an influential music and album producer. Despite being an international superstar in his own field, the choice of Eno was the subject of derision by sections of the media. Many argued they would have preferred to have Tiger Woods (who was to play golf in Victoria). Rees famously said "I'd rather have Brian Eno for two weeks than Tiger Woods for 3 days". The Vivid Festival is now in its 5th year and draws hundreds of thousands of visitors to Sydney. 
Whilst Minister for the Arts, Rees also granted independence to the National Art School, and commenced master planning for a new visual arts centre at the Old King's School site in Parramatta. This latter commitment was retained by Kristina Keneally when she took over as Premier, and it formed the central element of the Arts policy announcement in the 2011 election. 
Rees also established the sub-continental festival 'Parramasala' based in Parramatta, and he was instrumental in bringing A.R. Rahman, of Slumdog Millionaire fame, to Sydney for a free open air concert which attracted more than 50,000 people to Parramatta Park. 
Labor links with unions.
Acknowledging Labor history, Rees and the Lord Mayor of Sydney officially renamed parts of Hickson Road, The Rocks, as 'The Hungry Mile'. In years past, unemployed men would line up for work each day, thus giving the strip its name. A ceremony recognising the change was held on 29 July 2009. 
NSW Labor had also been instrumental in holding the asbestos firm James Hardie to account. Under Premier Bob Carr, the Jackson Inquiry precipitated an ongoing fund to be established and maintained by James Hardie to provide for future payouts to sufferers of asbestosis. James Hardie made inadequate provision, and Rees intervened in 2009 to ensure that affected individuals would be able to claim into the future. A number of directors of James Hardie were ruled ineligible to be directors arising from their role in James Hardie restructures. 
Government reform.
After 15 years in government, there had been a number of scandals involving Labor ministers which were reported negatively in the press. Rees distanced himself from these with a range of reforms. Rees overhauled the Freedom of Information Act and replaced it with the Government Information (Public Access) Act which had an explicit bias towards public disclosure of documentation and Government information. Rees also appointed an independent commissioner to oversight the operation of this Act. 
In November 2009, Rees announced that he wanted to move towards public funding of election campaigns instead of a reliance on large corporate donations. To further this, he established a Parliamentary Joint Select Committee which recommended sweeping changes to donation laws. Rees also banned donations from property developers to the NSW Labor Party. 
Rees also introduced the requirement for lobbyists to be registered and to abide by a Lobbyist Code of Conduct. 
Resignation.
On 3 December 2009, Rees resigned after a spill motion was passed 43 to 25 at a caucus meeting. In the subsequent leadership vote, the Minister for Planning, Kristina Keneally, defeated Rees by 47 votes to 21. Rees lost the crucial backing of the dominant right faction of the Labor Party. Earlier that day, Rees said at a press conference, "I will not hand over New South Wales to Eddie Obeid or Joe Tripodi" and that if someone were to replace him by the end of the day "they will be a puppet of Joe Tripodi and Eddie Obeid". Rees is the first New South Wales Labor Party Premier not to lead the party into an election. On 22 October 2010, Rees was granted by the Governor retention of the title "The Honourable".
Following his removal as Premier, Rees declined to serve in the Keneally Cabinet, and went to the backbench until the March 2011 election. 
The Keneally government was heavily defeated at the 2011 state election. Rees nearly lost his own seat, suffering a massive 14.2 percent swing. By comparison, he'd won election in 2007 with 61 percent of the two-party vote; he was one of several MPs from Labor's traditional stronghold of west Sydney who saw their majorities more than halved. Following the election, new Opposition leader John Robertson appointed Rees as Shadow Minister for Police and Emergency Services and Shadow Minister for the Arts in his new Shadow Cabinet.
Independent Commission Against Corruption.
In 2013, the Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) commenced public hearings into the allegations of corrupt conduct by Ian Macdonald and Eddie Obeid. Both men had been instrumental in the removal of Rees as Premier. The ICAC findings released after the hearings were scathing of both men. Both Macdonald and Obeid were found to have acted corruptly by the ICAC, who recommended the Director of Public Prosecutions give consideration to criminal charges being laid against both men. Rees repeatedly stressed he did not feel vindicated, but rather was distressed that the Party and its members had been subject to the smear of association with those who had been investigated. 
Personal life.
Rees is a non-practising Roman Catholic and proudly describes himself as "a westie". He met his wife, Stacey Haines, at Northmead High School when they were both aged 14. Rees and Haines married in a ceremony at the Manhattan Marriage Bureau in New York City on 7 January 2009. In November 2013, Rees confirmed reports that he conducted an extra-marital affair with a constituent over a long period. He subsequently resigned from his shadow ministry roles.

</doc>
<doc id="18825119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825119" title="Brad Scott (American football)">
Brad Scott (American football)

Brad Scott (born September 30, 1954 in Arcadia, Florida) is a former American football coach and player. He was most recently the associate head coach and offensive line coach for the Clemson Tigers football team. Previously, from 1994 to 1998, he was the head coach of the South Carolina Gamecocks.
Career.
Scott came to South Carolina after 11 years as an assistant at Florida State under Bobby Bowden, the last four as offensive coordinator. While at Florida State, he helped develop Heisman Trophy winner Charlie Ward, as well as the "Fast Break" offense that netted the Seminoles a national title in 1993.
In his first year at South Carolina, he led the Gamecocks to a 6–5 regular season. Despite a losing record in Southeastern Conference play, Scott's Gamecocks routed Clemson 33–7 in the last game of the season. That earned them a berth in the Carquest Bowl, where they beat West Virginia 24–21. It was the first bowl win in the program's 102-year history—one of the longest droughts in the country at the time.
Scott's tenure at South Carolina would prove to be short-lived, as he was only able to put together one more winning season, in 1996—the only year he managed a .500 record in conference play. In 1998, after defeating Ball State to open the season, the Gamecocks lost 10 games in a row to finish 1–10, the worst record in school history at the time. Scott was fired after the 1998 season. Shortly afterward, he was hired as tight ends coach by in-state rival Clemson, which was coached at the time by Tommy Bowden, Bobby Bowden's younger son. Scott was promoted to offensive coordinator in 2001, a job he held for three seasons. Scott was then demoted to offensive line coach after the 2003 season. 
After Tommy Bowden was forced to resign in the middle of the 2008 season, Scott was named associate head coach under new head coach Dabo Swinney.

</doc>
<doc id="18825120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825120" title="Edward Schulmerich House">
Edward Schulmerich House

The Edward Schulmerich House is a two-story private residence on East Main Street in downtown Hillsboro, Oregon, United States. Completed in 1915, the American Craftsman Bungalow style structure was constructed for state senator Edward Schulmerich and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. The building retains much of the original materials used in finishing the interior, including the linoleum in the kitchen and built-in cabinets of this Airplane Bungalow.
History.
Edward Schulmerich was born in 1863 and moved to Oregon with his family in 1869. In 1906, he helped to found the Hillsboro Commercial Bank and later became the president of the bank. Schulmerich built a new two-story bank building in 1911 at Second and Main streets. The later merchant and member of the Oregon Legislative Assembly, had a new residence built in 1915 on Main Street at Sixth Avenue on the large corner property.
He had traveled Pasadena, California, that year and discovered the arts and crafts style bungalows built there and returned with plans for a house in that style. Schulmerich died in 1937, and in 1967 Joan Krahmer purchased the house from a Mr. Mays. On February 28, 1991, the structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places. In 2003, the residence was featured in the magazine "American Bungalow". As of 2005, Krahmer, a columnist for "The Hillsboro Argus" and former teacher at Hillsboro High School, still owned the property that retained original elements that included the linoleum and cabinets in the kitchen, bookcases on the second floor, many lighting fixtures, and sugar and flour bins.
Details.
Designed in the Airplane Bungalow style of residence, the design is meant to resemble an airplane with its smaller second story that provides a 360 degree much like a cockpit. Other features that mimic aircraft are overhanging eaves and a low angle roof that combined resemble the wings of an airplane. The design exhibits the excitement generated by the early years of airplanes.
Inside, the building has an open floor plan and 4,000 square-feet. Prominently featured is a large, arched brick fireplace with a mantle built of green tiles. Also inside are oak paneling in the dining room, a built-in ironing station, lead glass windows, boxed beams, a cooling closet, built-in bookcases, a lift from the basement for firewood, and wainscoting. The built in cabinets and flooring was made from quartersawn oak. These cabinets include doors with leaded glass. Two bedrooms are located on the second floor, designed for ventilation during the warmer months and lined with a total of 34 windows.
On the outside of the home is a wraparound porch protected by the roof that includes overlapping gabled dormers. There are also large, L-shaped brick piers on the porch which along with the chimneys was built using clinker bricks. These cast-off brinks were also used to build the large brick foundation. Landscaping features purple wisteria that hangs on the porch. Wood and stucco make up the siding on the exterior.

</doc>
<doc id="18825126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825126" title="Kamran Panjavi">
Kamran Panjavi

Kamran Panjavi (, born 6 February 1975) is a British-Iranian weightlifter.
Born in Iran, he came to Britain in 1997 and waited several years for citizenship.
At the 2003 World Weightlifting Championshipshe participated for Britain as soon as he obtained his citizenship.
He qualified for Olympic 2004 at the 2004 European Weightlifting Championships in Ukraine, kiev with a total of 255 kg ( the only male lifter) .
He competed for Great Britain at the 2004 Summer Olympics, but did not finish due to a back injury.
At the 2005 European Weightlifting Championships he ranked 8th with a total of 260 kg.
At the 2005 Commonwealth Championship in Melbourne, Australia he ranked 1st with a total of 261 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="18825129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825129" title="BAFTA Award for Best Makeup and Hair">
BAFTA Award for Best Makeup and Hair

This is a list of BAFTA Award recipients for Best Makeup and Hair from the British Academy Film Awards.
Winners and nominees.
'"2013: "American Hustle" – Evelyne Noraz and Kathrine Gordon
"'2012: "Les Misérables" - Lisa Westcott
'"2011: "The Iron Lady" - Marese Langan
"'2010: "Alice in Wonderland" - Valli O'Reilly & Paul Gooch
"'2009: "The Young Victoria" - Jenny Shircore
'"2008: "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" – Jean Black and Colleen Callaghan
"'2007: "The Passionate Life of Edith Piaf (La môme)" – Jan Archibald and Didier Lavergne
'"2006: "Pan's Labyrinth (El laberinto del fauno)" – José Quetglás and Blanca Sánchez
2005: ' – Howard Berger, Nikki Gooley and Gregory Nicotero
'"2004: "The Aviator" – Kathryn Blondell, Sian Grigg, and Morag Ross
2003: ' – Ve Neill and Martin Samuel
'"2002: "Frida" – Judy Chin, Beatrice De Alba, John E. Jackson, and Regina Reyes
2001: ' – Peter King, Peter Owen and Richard Taylor
"'2000: "How the Grinch Stole Christmas" – Rick Baker, Toni G, Sylvia Nava, Gail Rowell-Ryan and Kazuhiro Tsuji
'"1999: "Topsy-Turvy" - Christine Blundell
"'1997 - "The Wings of the Dove" - Sallie Jaye, Jan Archibald
'"1996 - "The Nutty Professor" - Rick Baker, David LeRoy Anderson
"' 1995 - "The Madness of King George" - Lisa Westcott
'"1994 - "The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert" - Cassie Hanlon, Angela Conte, Strykermeyer
"'1993 - "Orlando" - Morag Ross
"'1992 - "The Last of the Mohicans" - Peter Robb-King
'"1991 - "Cyrano de Bergerac" Jean-Pierre Eychenne, Michèle Burke
"' 1990 - "Dick Tracy" - John Caglione, Jr. Doug Drexler
'" 1989 - "The Adventures of Baron Munchausen" - Maggie Weston, Fabrizio Sforza, Pam Meager
"' 1988 - "The Last Emperor" - Fabrizio Sforza
'" 1987 - "Der Name der Rose" - Hasso von Hugo
"'1986 - "Ran" - Shohichiro Meda, Tameyuki Aimi, Chihako Naito, Noriko Takemizawa
'" 1985 - "Amadeus" - Paul LeBlanc, Dick Smith
'"1983 - "Tootsie" - Dorothy J. Pearl, George Masters, C. Romania Ford, Allen Allen
"'1982 - "Quest for Fire" - Sarah Monzani Christopher Tucker, Michèle Burke

</doc>
<doc id="18825131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825131" title="Mitzpe Yair">
Mitzpe Yair

Mitzpe Yair (, lit. "Yair Lookout") is an unauthorized Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located two kilometres south-east of Susia, it falls under the jurisdiction of Har Hebron Regional Council. It was established by Meir Am-Shalem in October 1998, and, according to Gideon Levy, was a price tag operation set up as Magen David Farm in retribution for the murder of a Susya settler, Yair Har-Sinai, after whom it was subsequently renamed. It consists of 15 prefabricated structures, and is home for several families.
A vineyard in a wadi, planted on privately owned Palestinian land, and run by Elad Movshoviz, produces 7,000 bottles per annum. A legal case on the ownership of the area is now pending before the Israeli High Court of Justice.
Mitzpe Yair is an unauthorized settlement that is regarded as illegal by the Israeli regional administration. In 2007 Peace Now revealed that a police superintendent was residing there despite its illegal status. The officer was ordered to evacuate his house by July that year.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="18825133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825133" title="Intestinal capillariasis">
Intestinal capillariasis

Capillariasis is a disease caused by the nematode "Capillaria philippinensis".
Symptoms.
Symptoms in infested humans include watery diarrhea, abdominal pain, edema, weight loss, borborygmus (stomach growling), and depressed levels of potassium and albumin in the blood. In humans, the parasites damage the cells of the intestinal wall. This damage interferes with the absorption of nutrients and the maintenance of a proper electrolyte balance. Untreated "C. philippinensis" infestations are often fatal.
Diagnosis.
Diagnosis usually involves finding the eggs and/or adults of "C. philippinensis" in stool samples.
Treatment and prevention.
Anthelmintics such as mebendazole and albendazole have been reported to eliminate infestation of humans more effectively than thiabendazole.
Prevention is as simple as avoiding eating small, whole, uncooked fish. However, in "C. philippinensis" endemic areas, such dietary habits are common and have been practiced for many generations.

</doc>
<doc id="18825145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825145" title="Elizabeth Yates">
Elizabeth Yates

Elizabeth Yates may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18825155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825155" title="USS Viking (1898)">
USS Viking (1898)

The first USS "Viking" was an iron-hulled, steam yacht built in 1883 at Chester, Pennsylvania, by John Roach & Sons and was acquired by the United States Navy on 22 April 1898 from Mr. Horace A. Hutchins for service in the Spanish-American War. Converted for naval service at New York, she was placed in commission there on 11 May 1898, Lt. Henry Minett in command.
Assigned to the North Atlantic Fleet as a dispatch ship, "Viking" remained at New York for the next two months. On 12 July, she departed New York bound for the blockading forces off the Cuban coast. After brief stops at Port Royal, South Carolina, and Key West, Florida, she joined the Fleet in Cuban waters on 28 July. After three weeks of duty carrying orders, messages, and passengers between ships on station on the blockade, "Viking" ended her brief war service without having participated in any combat. She headed back to Key West on 16 August, remained overnight, and then continued her voyage—via Port Royal—to Hampton Roads, Virginia. She remained in the Hampton Roads-Norfolk area until 8 September when she headed up Chesapeake Bay to Annapolis, Maryland. After a two-day visit, she returned to Norfolk on the 11th. She was placed out of commission there on 22 September 1898. 
"Viking" remained at Norfolk until 29 September 1899 at which time she was reactivated for a bit more than three weeks of service which ended on 23 October. On 9 December 1899, "Viking" was transferred to the United States Department of War for use by the United States Army. No records telling of her Army service or of her ultimate disposition have been found.

</doc>
<doc id="18825181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825181" title="Trimeresurus stejnegeri yunnanensis">
Trimeresurus stejnegeri yunnanensis

Trimeresurus stejnegeri yunnanensis is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to China.
Description.
The scalation includes 19 ( or 21) rows of dorsal scales at midbody, 154-164/150-172 ventral scales in males/females, 61-71/52-65 subcaudal scales in males/females, and 9-11 supralabial scales.
Geographic range.
It is found in southern China (Yunnan and southwestern Sichuan). The type locality given is "Tengyueh, Yunnan Province, China" (= Tengchong County).
Taxonomy.
Zhao (1995) raised this taxon back up to the level of a full species: "T. yunnanensis".

</doc>
<doc id="18825205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825205" title="List of North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball seasons">
List of North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball seasons

The men's basketball team of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill is referred to as the North Carolina Tar Heels, and they play in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC). The Tar Heels have played their games at the Dean Smith Center in Chapel Hill, North Carolina since 1986.
As of the 2009–10 season, North Carolina had the second most wins and the second highest winning percentage of any NCAA Division I men's team with a record of 2,004 wins and 720 losses over 100 seasons. The Tar Heels also have the most consecutive 20-win seasons, with 31 seasons from the 1970–71 season through 2000–01 season. The Tar Heels have won the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament five times, have appeared in the tournament finals nine times, a record 18 NCAA Final Fours, have made it into the NCAA tournament 41 times (tied for second-most all-time), and hold the record for all-time NCAA Tournament victories (102).
Additionally, the team has been the number one seed in the NCAA Tournament 13 times, which is the most #1 seeds of all-time, and has been ranked in the top 25 AP Poll 703 times (1st all-time), has beaten #1 teams a record 12 times, has the most consecutive 20-win seasons, with 31, North Carolina has also won the National Invitation Tournament tournament, appeared in two NIT Semifinals, and has made five appearances in the NIT Tournament. North Carolina has had a top twenty-five final ranking among Division I schools 42 times as ranked by the Associated Press and 44 times as ranked by the Coaches Poll. In five instances the Tar Heels have ended the season with a number one ranking in the Associated Press, and the Tar Heels have also been ranked number one five times at the end of the season by the Coaches' Poll.
The Tar Heels played their first basketball game against Virginia Christian, on January 27, 1910, a 42–21 win for North Carolina. In 1921 North Carolina joined the Southern Conference. In the Southern Conference, the Tar Heels quickly found success. The 1923–24 Tar Heels squad went 26-0 and was retroactively awarded the national championship by the Helms Athletic Foundation in 1936. Overall, the Tar Heels played 32 seasons in the Southern Conference from 1921 to 1953. During that period they won 304 games and lost 111 for a winning percentage of 73.3%. The Tar Heels were winners of the regular season for nine times and won the Southern Conference Championships 8 times.
In 1953, North Carolina split off from the Southern Conference and became a founding member of the Atlantic Coast Conference. Again, the Tar Heels quickly found success in their new conference. The Tar Heels won their first NCAA Championship under coach Frank McGuire in 1957, which was led by Lennie Rosenbluth and several other transplants from the New York City area. McGuire was forced to resign in 1961 after an NCAA violation regarding "improper recruiting entertainment" and was replaced by one of his assistants, Dean Smith.
Smith coached the Tar Heels from 1961 to 1997 and brought an unprecedented level of success to the team. When Smith retired in 1997, he had the most wins ever of any NCAA Division I men's basketball coach with 879 wins, and the 9th highest winning percentage with 77.6% wins. During Smith's time as head coach, North Carolina won the ACC regular season championship 17 times, won the ACC tournament 13 times, won the NIT in 1971, went to the NCAA tournament 27 times, appeared in 11 final fours, and won two NCAA national tournament titles, in 1982 and 1993. The 1982 National Championship team was led by James Worthy, Sam Perkins, and a young Michael Jordan. The 1993 National Championship team starred Donald Williams, George Lynch and Eric Montross. While at North Carolina, Smith helped promote desegregation by recruiting the University’s first African American scholarship basketball player Charlie Scott.
Smith retired in 1997 and the head coaching position went to his assistant Bill Guthridge. In his three seasons as head coach Guthridge led the Tar Heels to the NCAA Final Four twice, in the 1998 tournament and again in the 2000 tournament.
Guthridge retired in 2000 and North Carolina turned to the 38-year-old Matt Doherty to lead the Tar Heels. Doherty had mixed success while at Carolina. In his first season, the Heels shot to the #1 ranking in the polls in the middle of the Atlantic Coast Conference schedule and finished with an impressive 26-7 record. But Doherty's second season was the worst in recent history as the Tar Heels finished the season with a record of 8-20, missing postseason play entirely for the first time since the 1965-66 season (including a record 26 straight NCAA Tournament appearances) and finishing with a losing record for the first time since 1962 (Dean Smith's first year as coach). They also finished 4-12 in the ACC—only the program's second losing ACC record ever. The 12 losses were six more than the Tar Heels had ever suffered in a single season of ACC play, and placed them in a tie for 7th place—the program's first finish below fourth place ever. The season also saw the end of UNC's run of 31 straight 20-win seasons and 35 straight seasons of finishing third or higher in the ACC. After bringing in one of the top 5 incoming classes for the 2002–03 season, the Tar Heels started the season by knocking off a top 5 Kansas team and going on to win the Preseason NIT and returning to the AP top 25. Carolina went on to finish the season with a 17-15, barely missing the NCAA tournament. Matt Doherty led the Tar Heels to the third round of the NIT where they ended their season with a loss to Georgetown. Despite the turnaround from the year before and the late season playoff run, at the end of the season Matt Doherty was replaced as head coach by Roy Williams.
Roy Williams first season was a moderate success with North Carolina finished 19-11 and the team was knocked out in the second round of the NCAA tournament by Texas. Williams was able to gain more success in his second season and coached North Carolina to a National Championship in 2005. After winning the championship, Williams had to deal with the departure of the team's top seven scorers. Most thought that 2005–06 would be a down season for Williams, but the Tar Heels proved to be surprisingly successful in part due to the help of the freshman Tyler Hansbrough. Williams was named Coach of the Year for his ability to turn around such a new team to such a high level of success. Since 2005 the Tar Heels have once again become a leader in the ACC, winning both the regular season and the conference tournament in 2006–07 and 2007–08. In the 2008–09 season, North Carolina was chosen as consensus pre-season #1 and managed to fulfill the predictions of a national championship by beating Michigan State in the 2009 National Championship. However, the 2009-10 season ended up being a down season for the Tar Heels. The loss of players such as Ty Lawson and Tyler Hansbrough, along with numerous injuries to key players, proved too much to overcome and resulted in the Tar Heels missing the NCAA tournament for the first time since the 2002-03 season.
Postseason playoff results.
The NCAA tournament started in 1939 and the number of teams invited to participate has expanded a number of times over the years. Between 1939–1950 the tournament had only eight teams, and then between 1951–1974 the tournament varied between 16 teams and 25 teams. The tournament has continued to expand over the years until in 2005 there are now 65 teams that make it into the tournament. 
The National Invitation Tournament, meanwhile, began in 1938 with only 6 teams. In 1941 the tournament was expanded to include 8 teams, in 1949 the tournament was again expanded to 12 teams, then 14 teams in 1965, 16 teams in 1968, 24 teams in 1979, 32 teams in 1980, and 40 teams from 2002 through 2006. The tournament reverted to 32 teams for 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18825212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825212" title="Stephen Brinkley">
Stephen Brinkley

Stephen Brinkley (c. 1550 – missing since 1585) was an English printer, covertly producing Roman Catholic literature under Elizabeth I of England. He was imprisoned and tortured as manager of a secret press for the publication of devotional and controversial works.
Life.
He was a member of a Catholic association of unmarried gentlemen of property, organised by George Gilbert, and solemnly blessed by Pope Gregory XIII, 1580. Their purpose was to raise funds for the support of priests, to prepare Protestants conversion, and, at a time when priests travelled in disguise, without papers of identification, to arrange for introductions which would guard both priests and laity against betrayal. The members undertook to content themselves with the bare necessaries of their state of life, to spend the remainder of their goods in the cause of the Church, and to devote themselves wholly to the salvation of souls and the conversion of heretics. 
At this time the Jesuits Robert Parsons and Edmund Campion were preparing for a vigorous propaganda through the press. With the assistance of several of the old Marian Priests and of one Brooks, Parsons procured from the elder Brooks, owner of a large house called Greenstreet, at East Ham in Essex, then five miles from London, permission for certain gentleman to lodge there. To this house, chiefly with the assistance of Brinkley, Parsons conveyed a printing press and materials. Brinkley's seven workman appeared in public with fine clothes and horses, to avert suspicion. The parson and churchwardens urged the newly arrived gentlemen to attend services; an incautious purchase of paper almost gave a clue to the discovery of the press, and a servant of Brinkley's was caught and racked.
Their first book, however, probably a work of devotion or of encouragement to Catholics, was successfully issued. Brinkley then moved the press to Henry Park, to the house of Francis Browne, brother of Viscount Montagu. Parsons issued, 1581, "A brief Censure upon two Books written in answer to M. Edmund Campion's Offer of Disputation." Campion's challenge was then circulating in manuscript. 
Caution was required in the management of Brinkley's Press. Government experts, like Norton, reported that the Brinkley books, in spite of the Douai imprint, had been produced in England; the landlord Brooks was suspicious; information as to the press was also asked of Father Briant upon the rack. After a second removal, Brinkley printed, at a lodge belonging to Dame Cecilia Stonor's house, near Henley-on-Thames, Campion's "Decem Rationes". At Oxford, on Commemoration Day, 27 June 1581, the benches of St. Mary's Church were found strewn with copies of this ringing challenge to the universities. 
The capture of Campion near Oxford Sunday evening, 16 July, was followed in a few weeks by that of Brinkley and his printers. Brinkley, though tortured in the Tower of London, escaped the fate of his fellow prisoner, William Carter, a Catholic printer, who was executed at Tyburn. Brinkley was discharged in June, 1583. He accompanied Father Parsons first to Rome, where we find his name in the Pilgrim Book of the English College in the following September, and thence in the following year to Rouen. Here, with George Flinton, Brinkley printed a second edition of a work which Flinton had brought out in 1581, "The Christian Directory". After Flinton's death about 1585, Brinkley continued to issue Catholic books. 
The date of his death is unknown. Joseph Gillow mentions a work translated from the Italian (Paris, 1579), entitled "The Exercise of a Christian Life ... newly perused and corrected by the translatour" (James Sancer). Sancer, or Sanker, is known to have been the pseudonym of Brinkley. This work, perhaps, is one of the early issues of Brinkley's own press.

</doc>
<doc id="18825232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825232" title="Äynu">
Äynu

Äynu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18825236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825236" title="Tigran Gevorg Martirosyan">
Tigran Gevorg Martirosyan

Tigran Gevorg Martirosyan (, born June 9, 1988 in Leninakan, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian weightlifter. He was awarded the Honored Master of Sports of Armenia title in 2009. Martirosyan is an Armenian Champion, two-time European Champion, World Champion and the youngest Olympic medalist from Armenia.
Early life.
Tigran was born on June 9, 1988 in Leninakan, Armenian SSR (now Gyumri, Armenia) to Gevorg Martirosyan, a well-known Armenian weightlifter, and Seda Yakhanedjyan. His fathers family is from Kars and his mothers family is from Sivas. He has an older and a younger brother and an older sister. Tigran was named after King Tigranes the Great, who ruled the Kingdom of Armenia at its greatest extent, and his father.
Tigran’s sister died when she was 9. Tigran was born a year later, on June 9, 1988, at 8:20 – the same day and hour as his dead sister was born. Tigran’s father had planted two apple trees in the name of his two firstborns, the Tigran’s older brother and sister. After the girl’s untimely death, though, the tree dried up. They never cut down the tree that year, either because of forgetfulness or just because of lack of time. Then it seemed that a miracle occurred – the tree began to blossom once again with Tigran’s birth.
Although Tigran’s father didn't make his sons follow in his foootsteps, they received a love of the sport at an early age from him. Hayk, Tigran’s older brother, became a Master of Sports in weightlifting. But he had to quit it because of family problems when their father died at the age of 45. Tigran started to practice weightlifting at the age of 11. By 13, he had already won Armenia’s Weightlifting Championship.
Career.
After the death of his father, Martirosyan began weight training under the guidance of Ashot Mkhitaryan.
Tigran had a successful youth career, becoming a 2003 European Vice-Champion and a 2004 European Champion. In the same year, he won the gold medal of the 2004 European Championship among juniors. The following year, he won a gold medal at the 2005 European Championships among juniors again. Martirosyan also set two world records as a junior in the snatch and the total, both in the lightweight (69 kg) division, and still holds both of these records to this day.
In 2006, Martirosyan began performing in adult level competitions. He competed at the 2006 World Weightlifting Championships and came in 6th place in the lightweight category with a total of 306 kg.
Martirosyan won the silver medal at the 2007 European Weightlifting Championships in Strasbourg, with 331 kg in total. The next year, he won the gold medal at the 2008 European Weightlifting Championships in Lignano, with 346 kg in total.
Martirosyan won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics, lifting 153 in the snatch, 185 in the clean & jerk and 338 kg in the total. Martirosyan had tied in total with French weightlifter Vencelas Dabaya. Because Dabaya weighed a little less than Martirosyan, he was awarded the silver medal instead, despite Martirosyan having also lifted the second greatest total. At the age of 20 years and 64 days, Martirosyan became the youngest Olympic medalist from the independent Rupublic of Armenia.
In 2009, Tigran Martirosyan moved to a heavier weight class, from lightweight (69 kg) to middleweight (77 kg).
Martirosyan debuted in the middleweight division at the 2009 World Weightlifting Championships in Goyang, where he took second place with a total of 370 kg, losing only to the Chinese weightlifter Lu Xiaojun, who set two of the three middleweight world records at the Championships.
In a landslide victory, Martirosyan won a gold medal at the 2010 European Weightlifting Championships, becoming a two-time European Champion.
Weeks later, Martirosyan's mentor suddenly Ashot Mkhitaryan died of a heart attack on May 23, 2010.
Martirosyan competed at the 2010 World Weightlifting Championships in Antalya. Xiaojun had also returned and was considered a massive favorite to win the Championship once again. Martirosyan had scored the highest in the snatch and tied Xiaojun in the clean & jerk. As a result, Martirosyan defeated Xiaojun in a shocking upset and won the gold medal. Martirosyan lifted a total of 373 kg, just 5 kg short of the world record. Martirosyan made history as the first ever male weightlifter from the independent Republic of Armenia to become a World Champion in weightlifting. Martirosyan dedicated his victory to the memory of his late coach Ashot Mkhitaryan.
For his accomplishments that year, Martirosyan was voted the Armenian Athlete of the Year for 2010.
Martirosyan could not repeat his success at the 2011 World Weightlifting Championships. He managed to win a bronze medal in the snatch, but came in fourth place in the total. Martirosyan announced before the tournament that he sustained an injured shoulder and, as a result, was unable to compete at full strength. He received treatment in Germany and recovered soon afterward.
Martirosyan qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics and was Armenia's greatest gold medal hope. Unfortunately, he received a back injury just days before he was supposed to compete and was unable to participate. Martirosyan later revealed that this injury had been worsening over the past month. His injury was not as serious as his former one and he will be able to compete again the following year. He now has his sights set on the next Olympics.
Personal life.
Martirosyan had the honor of lighting the fire at the Vazgen Sargsyan Republican Stadium in Yerevan for the 5th Pan-Armenian Games on August 13, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18825267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825267" title="Careca Bianchezi">
Careca Bianchezi

Carlos Alberto Bianchezi, better known as Careca Bianchezi (born 25 August 1964 in São Paulo), is a retired Brazilian footballer who played for Brazilian sides Marília Atlético Clube, Guarani and Palmeiras, as well as in Italy for Atalanta and in Mexico for CF Monterrey. He was part of the Brazilian squad who finished as runners-up at 1991 Copa América, being sent off against Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="18825277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825277" title="Doctrine of reception">
Doctrine of reception

In common law, the doctrine of reception (properly, "reception of the common law of England in a colony") refers to the process in which the English law becomes applicable to a British Crown Colony, protectorate, or protected state.
In "Commentaries on the Laws of England" (Bk I, ch.4, pp 106-108), Sir William Blackstone described the doctrine as follows:
Plantations or colonies, in distant countries, are either such where the lands are claimed by right of occupancy only, by finding them desert and uncultivated, and peopling them from the mother-country; or where, when already cultivated, they have been either gained by conquest, or ceded to us by treaties. And both these rights are founded upon the law of nature, or at least upon that of nations. But there is a difference between these two species of colonies, with respect to the laws by which they are bound. For it hath been held, that if an uninhabited country be discovered and planted by English subjects, all the English laws then in being, which are the birthright of every subject, are immediately there in force... But in conquered or ceded countries, that have already laws of their own, the king may indeed alter and change those laws; but, till he does actually change them, the ancient laws of the country remain, unless such as are against the law of God, as in the case of an infidel country.
In other words, if an 'uninhabited' territory is colonised by Britain, then the English law automatically applies in this territory from the moment of colonisation; however if the colonised territory has a pre-existing legal system, the native law would apply (effectively a form of indirect rule) until formally superseded by the English law, through Royal Prerogative subjected to the Westminster Parliament.
Hong Kong.
In practice, it could take years or even decades for the native law in a colony to be gradually superseded by the English law. The legal history of Hong Kong provides an illustration of this point: after the colonization by the British Empire in 1841, the Great Qing Legal Code remained in force for the local Chinese population. Until the end of the 19th Century, Chinese offenders were still executed by decapitation, whereas the British would be put to death by hanging. Even deep into the 20th Century and well after the fall of the Qing dynasty in China, Chinese men in Hong Kong could still practice polygamy by virtue of the Qing Code -- a situation that was ended only with the passing of the Marriage Act of 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="18825284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825284" title="S900">
S900

S900 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18825285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825285" title="Tom Hartley">
Tom Hartley

Tom Hartley (born 1945 or 1946) is a historian and Irish republican politician.
Hartley grew up in the Falls Road area of Belfast and became a republican activist in the late 1960s. In 1970, he was imprisoned in the Crumlin Road gaol for ten months for riotous behaviour; he was again imprisoned in 1978. During the 1981 Irish hunger strike, Hartley chaired the POW Committee.
Hartley became active in Sinn Féin, serving as the General Secretary in the mid-1980s and as the Chair in the early 1990s. In 1993, he was elected to Belfast City Council for the Lower Falls, and has held his seat at each subsequent election.
Hartley was one of three Sinn Féin candidates in Northern Ireland at the European election in 1994. Although he took only 3.8% of the votes cast and was not elected, he did receive more votes than the party's other candidates.
In 2008, Hartley became the second Sinn Féin Lord Mayor of Belfast. In his spare time, he conducts tours of Belfast City Cemetery and authored the 2006 book "Written in Stone: The History of Belfast City Cemetery".

</doc>
<doc id="18825316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825316" title="Rogers Orchards">
Rogers Orchards

Rogers Orchards, in Southington, Connecticut, is an agricultural-produce company owned and operated by members of the same family since its founding in 1807 and one of the leading agricultural producers in Connecticut.
Totaling , it is Southington's largest farm and the largest apple-grower in the state, selling wholesale to local stores and retail at its farmers' markets.
It harvests and sells twenty varieties of apples annually, with McIntosh, Macoun, Cortland, and Empire among its most popular. Rogers Orchards also harvests and sells apricots, peaches, nectarines, plums, pumpkins, and other fruits and vegetables in season, and sells baked goods, honey and syrups, cut flowers, other farm-specialty products, and firewood.
Company history.
Founded by Chauncey Merriman in 1807, this family farm began operating in 1809, after Merriman's son, Anson, and four-year-old grandson, Josiah, began its apple orchards by planting one thousand Baldwin apple trees by hand. Once popular, now rare Baldwin apples, unlike other varieties, have been prized for the making of traditional New England cider.
Spanning "eight generations", the family farm, which came to be called Rogers Orchards, expanded to a operation split between two locations, the Home Farm and Sunnymount Farm, both located in Southington.
John Rogers, the president of Rogers Orchards and the great-great-great-great grandson of Chauncey Merriman, runs the operation, which has an estimated 18 employees.
Trade association memberships.
Rogers Orchards is an active member of trade organizations of Connecticut fruit growers, including: the Connecticut Pomological Society; the Connecticut Apple Marketing Board; the New England Apple Association; and the New England Apple Council. Rogers Orchards President John Rogers is a member of the board of directors and secretary-treasurer of the New England Apple Association and a former president of the Connecticut Pomological Society.
Site of Connecticut farm investment program launch.
On July 25, 2008, Connecticut Governor M. Jodi Rell used Rogers Orchards as a setting to announce the launch of a $500,000 investment program designed to aid Connecticut's farmers. Rogers Orchards President John Rogers acknowledged in a newspaper interview that he did not know why the governor chose his farm as the setting for her visit and announcement, but that he was pleased by her presence and support of local independent farming operations.

</doc>
<doc id="18825318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825318" title="Mihai Covaliu">
Mihai Covaliu

Mihai Claudiu Covaliu (born 5 November 1977 in Braşov) is a Romanian retired sabre fencer, Olympic champion in 2000 and world champion in 2005, and coach of the Romanian men's sabre team. He is also president of the Romanian Fencing Federation.
Personal life.
Covaliu began fencing at age nine, after coaches from CS Tractorul Brașov presented the sport to his school. His mother encouraged him to persevere despite the harsh training methods used at the time. In 1998 he joined the BNR Bucharest, a club supported by the National Bank of Romania, before transferring to CS Dinamo București, of which he is still a member as of 2013.
Covaliu married in 2001 a member of the women’s national sabre team. They have two children. He graduated in physical education from the Alexandru Ioan Cuza University in Iaşi and holds a master degree in sport management.
Career.
Covaliu underwent at CS Tractorul intensive training at the hand of several coaches and technicians, amongst which Mihai Ticușan, Gabriel Duția, Alexandru Chiculiță, Mihai Orița and Emilian Nuță. In 2000 at the Olympic Games he created a surprise by reaching the final, beating medal prospect Damien Touya of France along the way. Covaliu then disposed of Mathieu Gourdain 15–12 to earn the first Romanian gold medal in sabre and become number one in FIE rankings. For this performance he was named master emeritus in sport and commander of the Order For Merit.
At the Olympic Games of Athens in 2004, Covaliu was eliminated 15–14 in quarter-finals by Zsolt Nemcsik of Hungary, who eventually took the silver medal. Covaliu ended up number seven in the event. At the World Championships the year after, he made his way comfortably to the final, which he won 15–12 against three-time Olympic champion Stanislav Pozdnyakov of Russia. He was noted for his “enthusiasm, physical shape, virtuoso technique, simple fencing”.
At the 2008 Summer Olympic Games Covaliu reached easily the quarter-finals. He had a tight 15–13 win against Aliaksandr Buikevich of Belarus, then met Nicolas Lopez of France. Despite having always beaten Lopez before, Covaliu was defeated 15–13 after leading 11–7 in the last period of the bout. He then met another Frenchman, Julien Pillet, and won 15–11 to earn the bronze medal.
After Beijing Covaliu retired to become the coach of the Romanian sabre team. Under his training, Romania won the gold medal at the 2009 World Fencing Championships in Antalya and Rareş Dumitrescu took the silver in the individual event; Cosmin Hâncianu and Romania earned the silver at the 2010 World Fencing Championships in Paris, and Romania finished second in the 2012 Summer Olympic Games in London.
In April 2013, Covaliu was elected president of the Romanian Fencing Federation after incumbent Ana Pascu decided to not to run again. He remained the coach of the men's sabre team, who earned the silver at the 2013 World Fencing Championships in Budapest, Tiberiu Dolniceanu finishing at the third place in the individual event. The same year, Covaliu was inducted into the Hall of Fame of the International Fencing Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18825321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825321" title="Hindu genealogy registers at Haridwar">
Hindu genealogy registers at Haridwar

Genealogy registers, of Hindu families, maintained by Brahmin Pandits (Priests) or ‘Pandas’, who double up as professional genealogists, at Haridwar, has been a subject of study for many years now. In several cases, these voluminous records or "Vahis" (Bahi), have also been used in settling legal cases regarding inheritance or property disputes, as these records are held sacrosanct both by the pilgrims and the Pandas themselves, and in many places these records trace family history, for over twenty prior generations, stretching across many centuries.
As Haridwar has traditionally been a site, for death rites and also Shraaddha, amongst Hindus, it soon also became customary for the family pandits (priest) to record each visit of the family, along with their gotra, family tree, marriages and members present etc., grouped according to family and home town. And over the centuries, these registers became an important genealogical source for many families, part of splintered Hindu families, in tracing their family tree and family history as well, especially after the Partition of India in 1947, and later amongst the Indian diaspora, 
This custom is similar to Panjis or Panji Prabandh, the extensive genealogical records maintained among Maithil Brahmins in Bihar.
Overview.
This custom not well known today to Indians settled abroad, in an ancient custom detailed family genealogies of Hindu families for the past several generations are kept by professional Hindu Brahmin Pandits, popularly known as "Pandas", at the Hindu holy city of Haridwar in hand written registers passed down to them over generations by their Pandit ancestors which are classified according to original districts and villages of ones ancestors, with special designated Pandit families being in charge of designated district registers, even for cases where ancestral districts and villages that have been left behind in Pakistan after Partition of India with Hindus having to migrate to India. 
In several cases present day descedents are now Sikhs, Muslims and Christians. It is not uncommon for one to find details of up to or even more than one's past seven generations in these genealogy registers kept by the "Pandas of Haridwar". 
For centuries when Hindu ancestors visited the holy town of Haridwar for any purpose which may have mostly been for pilgrimage purposes or/and for cremation of their dead or for immersion of ashes and bones of their kin after cremation into the waters of the holy river Ganges as required by Hindu religious custom, it has been an ancient custom to go to the Pandit who is in charge of ones family register and update the family's genealogical family tree with details of all marriages, births and deaths from ones extended joint family. 
In present day India people visiting Haridwar are dumbfounded when Pundits out of the blue solicit them to come and update their very own ancestral genealogical family tree, news travels like wildfire among the Pandits with ones family's designated Pandit being quickly notified of ones visit. Nowadays with Hindu joint family system having broken down with people preferring more nuclear families, record keeping Pandits prefer visitors to Haridwar to come prepared after getting in touch with all of ones extended family and bringing all relevant details regarding ones ancestral district and village, names of grand parents and great grand parents and marriages, births and deaths that have occurred in the extended family, even with as much details as possible of the families married into. A visiting family member is required to personally sign the family genealogical register furnished by ones "Family Panda" after updating it for future family visitors and generations to see and to authenticate the updated entries, friends and other family members accompanying on the visit may also be requested to sign as witnesses.
Records on Microfilm.
Starting around 1977, Hindu genealogy records were microfilmed, and later housed at the Genealogical Society of Utah (GSU), USA since 1981, other places in these records having records of Hindu families are Kurukshetra, Pehowa, Chintpurni, Jawalapur, and Jawalamukhi 
External links.
www.vamshavruksha.com
A place to find roots, search and connect, share photos and videos, discuss, Groups, Events and more...

</doc>
<doc id="18825338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825338" title="Hans Joachim Sewering">
Hans Joachim Sewering

Hans Joachim Sewering (30 January 1916 – 18 June 2010) was a German doctor. In World War II, he is alleged to have participated in transferring 900 handicapped Catholic children into a camp where they were killed.
Biography.
Sewering was born on 30 January 1916, 17 years to the day before Adolf Hitler came to power. Sewering joined the SS on 1 November 1933 for "social reasons", claiming that young men were "simply the victims of propaganda." A year later, he joined the Nazi Party. In the summer of 1942, he worked as assistant physician at the Schönbrunn Sanitarium, near Dachau in Bavaria. According to two nuns who broke their silence in 1993, he killed 900 physically and mentally handicapped children by transferring them from Schönbrunn to the Eglfing-Haar "healing center", a facility south of Munich. One of these children he was accused of killing, the 14-year-old Babette Fröwis whom he consigned to Eglfing-Harr as epileptic, was never examined by him. She later became a postergirl for the practice of Nazi euthanasia. Sewering denied these allegations. However, he was barred from entering the United States on these grounds and Jewish organizations called for him to be tried for murder.
After World War II, he became a respected physician, and earned the praise of noted doctor Wolfgang Wesiack. Sewering, who became the head of the German Medical Association in 1993 lived in Dachau in his latter years. 
In May 2008, the German Federation of Internal Medicine awarded Sewering the Gunther-Budelmann medal for services to the nation’s health system", its highest honor. The Anti-Defamation League condemned this, saying that "to honor an accused war criminal, one who is alleged to have used medicine for harm, is an insult to those who have suffered under the Nazis".

</doc>
<doc id="18825343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825343" title="Pasig River Ferry Service">
Pasig River Ferry Service

The Pasig River Ferry Service, was the only water-based transportation that cruised the Pasig River from Barangay Pinagbuhatan in Pasig City to Intramuros, Manila. The system was owned and operated by a private company, SCC Nautical Transport Services Incorporated. Although commonly referred to as a ferry, it was more akin to a water bus.
Ultimately, by February 2011 the service has been suspended indefinitely.
History.
Pollution in the Pasig River contributed to the decline in ferry transport in the river in the 1960s. The present Pasig River Ferry Service superseded the two short-lived ferry projects in the entire Pasig River in the 1990s.
Magsaysay Lines.
The Magsaysay Lines started operation during the year 1990 and had stations from Guadalupe in then-town of Makati down to Escolta in Manila (a total of 15 kilometers), using river-side sheds as stations. The service however lasted only for a year and closed in 1991. It's short-lived operations was beset by problems such as the proliferation of informal settlers along the route, water lilies, garbage and other debris clogging the waters (preventing the boats from traveling at normal speeds), aside from the foul odor permeating the environs.
Starcraft Ferry.
In 1996 another ferry service was launched, the Starcraft Ferry, this service's fleet was the ancestor of the current Pasig River Ferry Service fleet since this service had 30 units of catamaran-type boats (the same type used by the current Pasig River Ferry Service) with a seating capacity of 30 people with air-conditioning and unlike Magsaysay Lines, and a smaller boat aptly name the M/V Tamaraw or the River Taxi, as during this same year the Tamaraw FX service became very popular, also it offers a seating of 12 people, also air-conditioned, and can be hired like a taxi service for travel along the river purposes, just like a Tamaraw FX taxi.The route stretched from Bambang in Pasig City down to Escolta in Manila (a total of 16.2 kilometers). However, like the Magsaysay Lines, Starcraft Ferry only lasted for a year and it closed in 1997. Like the Magsaysay Lines, the problems encountered during the operation were informal settlers, water lilies (since it prevents the boats from traveling at normal speeds), foul odor and garbage disposed on the river.
The project proponent Mr. Eduardo Manuel, is an environmental conservationist and a licensed SCUBA Diver, who also owns a diving school located at Santo Sepulcro Paco Manila. The Pasig River Ferry Transport 2000 project was an improvement of the earlier service provided by the Magsaysay Shipping Corporation. During the course of the operations of the Pasig River Transport 2000, its service offered a fresh solution to worsening traffic problem of the metropolis, but sadly the local government units involved in the project, fell short in its cooperation with the project proponent, which made it difficult to effectively provide the supposedly solution to the traffic problem of the Cities in the Metro Manila areas. During this time there was another business entity who were also interested to offer the same service, the Maharlika Transport, backed by the Uniwide Group of Company (Uniwide Sales, at present they are now the Puregold chain of groceries/superstores) of the Gao family. The two companies had a media battle as the Gao Group submitted the same project to the Philippine Marina and the DOTC.
During that same time, the two companies had a media battle which worked to the advantage of the project as it stirred the interest of the public, and the local government unit involved with the project. Later that same year of 1996, the media battle was won by the PR Group of the Pasig River Ferry Transport 2000, headed by Ms. Maria Rebecca Bacalan-Chica,an independent PR Practitioner,and was also the VP for Operations of the Starcraft Ferry Corporation, the project was awarded to the Starcraft Ferry Corporation, the boat manufacturer and operator of the Pasig River Transport Service. Barely a year of operation the company ceased its operation due to losses in income, as the local government units involved with the project was unable to deliver on their commitments to make the project work.
Latest Ferry Service.
The latest ferry service was inaugurated by President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo on February 14, 2007 with five stations operating which includes Escolta, PUP, Sta. Ana, Hulo and Guadalupe. After a year, the entire system grew from 5 stations to 14 stations with more stations still to be constructed.
Unlike the previous Pasig River ferry services, this ferry service used only 10 boats. However, to compensate for it, each boat could have as many as 150 people and had air conditioning, music, high definition televisions and toilets on board. Also, unlike the two previous ferry services, this service had full stations with amenities such as toilets, ticketing system, waiting seats and security guards. Also, it was the longest serving ferry in the river, both in terms of length of the route (28 kilometers and 2 lines) and the length of service (although the company did somewhat considered closing the ferry in June, 2008 due to low number of passengers). It was also the only ferry service that serviced the Marikina River from Riverbanks Center in Marikina City although the line was not yet operational.
This ferry service was not without problems. In the early days of the service up to June, 2008, the low passenger turnout nearly caused NTSI (Nautical Transport Services, Incorporated) to go bankrupt and it even considered closing the ferry. However, the continuing surge in the oil prices in the Philippines forced commuters to use alternative modes of transportation, including the ferry. From July 2008, the number of passengers increased 15% every week and almost all boats were full. This and other related events made the NTSI consider purchasing more boats to increase capacity as opposed to closing the line.
Although there were still pollution-related problems, odor and garbage problems were not as bad as they were during the Magsaysay Lines and Starcraft Ferry days. Through the efforts of the government, but the persistent problem of the water lilies blocking the pathway of the boats and their infestation on the stations on the river remained.
This service was also used by the Pasig River Rehabilitation Commission to highlight the importance of the environment to the people of Manila. Lectures were conducted to stakeholders from various companies and schools (at least four times a month) and to the regular passengers of the ferry (at least thrice a week).
Planned reopening.
The latest Pasig Ferry Service, operated by Nautical Transport Services Incorporated, is being planned to be reactivated by April 2014 to alleviate the traffic situation in Metro Manila in light of the infrastructure projects being constructed simultaneously. The ferry service will be operated by Metro Manila Development Authority until a private investor takes over.
The Ferry Network.
The entire ferry network had 17 stations operational and 2 lines. The first line was the Pasig River Line which stretched from Plaza Mexico in Intramuros, Manila to Nagpayong station in Pasig City. The second line was the Marikina River Line which served the Guadalupe station in Makati City up to Santa Elena station in Marikina City.
The Marikina River Line was to begin operation with the opening of the Riverbanks Station near the recently opened SM City Marikina in Marikina City. The Marikina River Line as of 23 February 2009 was still closed and was still undergoing vehicular planning.
Through its entire operation, the ferry service changed their trip schedules several times. Each boat has a 30-minute, 1-hour, 2-hour and 3-hour trip intervals depending on the time of the day. Rush hours tend to have shorter boat intervals while off-peak hours tend to have longer boat intervals. This was done to maximize the efficiency of each boats and to reduce over-consumption of fuel.
As of 23 February 2009, there are 17 operational ferry stations:
Facilities.
Boats.
The system uses twin-hulled, double-engined, catamaran-type boats with a maximum seating capacity of 150 people. The boats are air-conditioned, equipped with radio, sound systems, a public address system and utilize fixed plastic chairs. There are rest rooms. These boats were constructed by the Nautical Transport Services, Incorporated and approved by the Maritime Industry Authority on December 10, 2006.
Stations.
The stations are air-conditioned and provide rest or comfort rooms. Every station employs cashiers that sell tickets to passengers.
The ticketing system in some stations employ the paper tickets. However, some stations, especially the first 5 stations (Escolta, PUP Station, Santa Ana, Hulo and Guadalupe) employ the bar-coded tickets which are scanned by a bar-code reader in the turnstile.
Fares.
There are four prices of tickets: a P25, P35, P45 and a P60 ticket. The Pasig River Ferry Service also provides discounts to student passengers. A P20 ticket is available for students regardless of distance traveled.

</doc>
<doc id="18825353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825353" title="Celovečernji the Kid">
Celovečernji the Kid

Celovečernji the Kid (trans. "The Kid for the Whole Evening") is the second studio album released by Serbian and former Yugoslav singer-songwriter Đorđe Balašević.
The album is perhaps best remembered for the songs "Blues mutne vode", "Lunjo", and the ballads "Neko to od gore vidi sve" and "Svirajte mi Jesen stiže, dunjo moja" (the former referring to folk song "Jesen stiže, dunjo moja"), "Celovečernji The Kid" and "Don Francisco Long Play" feature the same mariachi-inspired music, "Celovečernji The Kid" featuring Serbian and "Don Francisco Long Play" featuring English language lyrics.
Track listing.
All the songs were written by Đorđe Balašević.

</doc>
<doc id="18825354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825354" title="Icosian game">
Icosian game

The icosian game is a mathematical game invented in 1857 by William Rowan Hamilton. The game's object is finding a Hamiltonian cycle along the edges of a dodecahedron such that every vertex is visited a single time, and the ending point is the same as the starting point. The puzzle was distributed commercially as a pegboard with holes at the nodes of the dodecahedral graph and was subsequently marketed in Europe in many forms.
The motivation for Hamilton was the problem of symmetries of an icosahedron, for which he invented icosians—an algebraic tool to compute the symmetries. The solution of the puzzle is a cycle containing twenty (in ancient Greek "icosa") edges (i.e. a Hamiltonian circuit on the dodecahedron).

</doc>
<doc id="18825355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825355" title="Jim Andrew">
Jim Andrew

Frederick James "Jim" Andrew (29 May 1937 – 14 July 1996) was an English cricketer who played for Gloucestershire. He made his first-class debut against Middlesex, and also played two List A matches. A fast-medium bowler, he made his first-class debut against Middlesex in 1959. He also played two List A matches in the Gillette Cup in 1966.
Andrew was always regarded as a bowler; in both forms of the game, he failed to score more than six runs in an innings. However, he did score 29 against Worcestershire Second XI for Gloucestershire Second XI, for whom he took 111 wickets in 55 matches.
His finest first-class appearance was against Kent in May 1962, when he took 5 wickets for just 8 runs in the Kent first innings. Andrew played his last first-class match in 1963, but was a regular of the Second XI until 1965, played in the 1966 Gillette Cup, and played three further Second XI matches in 1968, 1969 and 1972. He ended his career having taken 57 first-class wickets at a respectable average of 23.96.
When he left Gloucestershire he took over from ex England and Gloucestershire player Reg Sinfield as the cricket professional at Clifton College.He guided both Matthew Windows and James Kirtley to the highest levels of the game. Andrews was a much loved 'pro' who was famous for the 'care' and attention he showed the Close; the college playing field of 'Breathless Hush' fame. Anyone daring to set foot on any area of the outfield or wicket, in winter or summer was met with a piercing whistle, followed by a shout of "get off my... square".

</doc>
<doc id="18825359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825359" title="Marion Merrell Dow">
Marion Merrell Dow

Marion Merrell Dow and its predecessor Marion Laboratories was a U.S. pharmaceutical company based in Kansas City, Missouri from 1950 until 1996.
The company specialized in bringing to market drugs that had been discovered but unmarketed by other companies including Cardizem (which slowed calcium build up), Carafate (an ulcer treatment), Gaviscon (an antacid), Seldane ( an withdrawn antihistamine), Nicorette (anti-smoking gum) and Cepacol mouthwash.
The company operating out of its headquarters at 9300 Ward Parkway was a springboard for its founder Ewing Marion Kauffman to start the Kansas City Royals baseball team.
History.
Richardson-Merrell.
The company traces its roots back to 1828 when William S. Merrell opened the Western Market Drug Store at Sixth Street and Western Row (now Central Avenue) in downtown Cincinnati, Ohio. Merrell expanded into the wholesale drug business. Following his death in 1880 his sons formed the William S. Merrell Chemical Company..
In the 1930s it merged with a company started by Lunsford Richardson to become Richardson-Merrell. Richardson's most notable product was Vicks VapoRub (named in honor of his brother-in-law Dr. Joshua Vick, a Selma, North Carolina physician.
In 1958 Richardson-Merrell acquired the English company Milton Antiseptic Ltd.
Thalidomide.
One of Richardson-Merrell's best-known incidents revolved around its efforts to introduce thalidomide into the US market in the 1950s and 1960s under the brand name "Kevadon". The drug was highly popular in Europe as a sedative and antiemetic for elderly patients. Although neither tested nor approved for use during pregnancy, the effectiveness and absence of significant side-effects led many physicians to prescribe to pregnant women. Richardson-Merrell submitted their new drug application (NDA) to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in June, 1960. During the application process, Richardson-Merrell heavily lobbied the FDA for quick approval of the drug, and distributed 2.5 million tablets of thalidomide to 1,200 American doctors with the understanding that the drug was under "investigation", a preemptive marketing loophole that was not then prohibited by existing regulations. Nearly 20,000 patients received the tablets. Reviewing pharmacologist Frances Oldham Kelsey, who had joined the FDA just a month before the application's arrival, repeatedly denied the company's requests for permission to market the drug, citing an insufficient number of controlled studies to establish risks. When studies revealed that 10,000 children worldwide had been born with severe birth defects from the drug, Merrell withdrew its application and scrambled to recover any remaining unconsumed tablets from doctors offices around the country. Ultimately, 17 children in the United States were born with the defects. For correctly denying the application despite the pressure from Richardson-Merrell, Kelsey eventually received the President's Award for Distinguished Federal Civilian Service at a 1962 ceremony with President John F. Kennedy.
Merrell Dow Pharmaceuticals.
Dow Chemical acquired controlling interest of the Merrill pharmaceutical division of Richardson-Merrell company in 1980 and it became Merrell Dow Pharmaceuticals. ( The former Richardson Merrell became Richardson Vicks. In 1985, Richardson Vicks was acquired by The Procter & Gamble Co. )
U.S. Supreme Court Cases.
In the U.S., Merrell Dow Pharmaceuticals was a named party in at least two major United States Supreme Court cases:
Richardson Vicks was taken over by Procter & Gamble in 1985
Marion Merrell Dow.
In 1989 Dow Chemical acquired 67 percent interest of Marion Laboratories, which was renamed Marion Merrell Dow. Among the products Merrell Dow brought that would be shortly marketed were Seldane, Lorelco, Nicorette and Cepacol. The merger was considered a good fit because of Marion Laboratories strong sales force and Merrell Dow's strong research and development capabilities.
At the time Marion Laboratories was outperforming all other drug company stocks by 2½ times.
Marion had the highest sales and the highest profit per employee of any company traded on the New York Stock Exchange. Dow's initial offer was $38 a share in cash, or $2.2 billion, for the 39 percent of Marion's 150 million shares with an option to raise the stake to 67 percent by 1992. The offer made 300 of Marion's employees millionaires. The deal created the fifth largest drug company in the United States in terms of sales.
Marion Laboratories.
Ewing Kauffman, a former pharmaceutical salesman in Kansas City, Missouri started the company in 1950 in the basement of his Kansas City home by selling calcium supplements made from crushed oyster shells which he made in his home and starting with $5,000 in capital. Kauffman would say later he used his middle name for the company to avoid the impression that it was a one-person operation.
The company quickly took off. As Kauffman expanded he offered his employees share options and profit sharing.
Rather than researching products, the company adopted a policy of buying products discovered by other companies and reformulating them for market.
In 1964 it formally incorporated at Marion Laboratories, Inc.
In the 1980s it marketed Silvadene (a burn cream), Ditropan (treatment for bladder spasms), Nitro-Bid (chest pain treatment), ARD and Bac-T-Screen (helped identify bacteria), Culturette (used to identify Group A streptococci) and ToxiLab, a drug detection system used to detect drug abuse.
Although controlled by Dow the new company continued to trade on Marion Laboratories' old New York Stock Exchange ticker symbol "MKC."
Hoechst Marion Roussel.
In 1995 Hoechst AG of Germany announced plans to buy Dow's increased 71 percent share for $25.75 a share or $7.1 Billion—a profit of between $4 and $5 billion for Dow. Hoechst also bought the other outstanding shares. The deal created the world's second largest drug manufacturer at the time (behind Glaxo Wellcome and ahead of Merck & Company).
Hoechst's new pharmaceutical company became Hoechst Marion Roussel and kept its North American headquarters in Kansas City.
Sanofi.
Hoechst in turn later became part of the pharmaceutical and lab assay testing company Aventis in 1999, and subsequently a part of the multinational pharmaceutical company Sanofi. Sanofi has sold off the original Marion Labs Kansas City plant at 10236 Marion Park Drive with Cerner Corporation buying the offices in 2006. In August 2009 the company announced its plans to close the remaining facility altogether.

</doc>
<doc id="18825361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825361" title="Croatia–Germany relations">
Croatia–Germany relations

Croatian-German relations are foreign relations between Croatia and Germany. The countries established diplomatic relations on 15 January 1992. Croatia has an embassy in Berlin and five consulates general (in Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Munich, and Stuttgart). Germany has an embassy in Zagreb and an honorary consulate in Split. , there were 360-400,000 people of Croatian origin resident in Germany.
Germany has to date had close co-operations with Croatia. When Croatia declared independence on 25 June 1991, many German politicians and other leaders declared support, with then German Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher being one of the strongest advocates of international recognition of the newly freed country, as well as Slovenia, which declared independence a few hours later on the same day. Then-Chancellor Helmut Kohl (CDU/CSU) was also a vocal supporter of the cause as were many German, Austrian, Hungarian, and Italian politicians, church leaders and others.

</doc>
<doc id="18825364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825364" title="John Delavau Bryant">
John Delavau Bryant

John Delavau Bryant (1811–1877) was an American physician, poet, author, and editor.
Biography.
He was born in 1811 in Philadelphia to Episcopalian minister, the Rev. William Bryant. His mother, was a daughter of John Delavau, a shipbuilder of Philadelphia. His early education was under his father and in the Episcopalian Academy. He received the degree of A.B. in 1839, and A.M. in 1842 from the University of Pennsylvania, and entered the General Theological Seminary of the Protestant Episcopal Church in New York in 1839. 
After one year he left the seminary to travel in Europe. On his return he was received into the Catholic Church at St. John's Church, Philadelphia, 12 February 1842. He graduated in medicine at the University of Pennsylvania in 1848. 
In 1855, during the yellow fever epidemic in Portsmouth and Norfolk, Virginia, he volunteered for duty and returned only after the epidemic had subsided. In 1857, he married Miss Mary Harriet Riston, daughter of George Riston.
For two years in the early sixties he was editor of the "Catholic Herald".
Works.
His principal work, published in 1859 by subscription, is an epic poem entitled "The Redemption", apparently inspired by a visit to Jerusalem. It is founded on the Bible and Catholic tradition.
He also published, about 1852, a controversial novel entitled "Pauline Seward" which had considerable vogue at the time, especially among Catholics, and ran through ten editions. In 1855 he published "The Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Mother of God", an exposition of the dogma recently promulgated. 

</doc>
<doc id="18825368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825368" title="The Divide">
The Divide

The Divide can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18825371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825371" title="Liao Hui">
Liao Hui

Liao Hui may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18825375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825375" title="Hrovat">
Hrovat

Hrovat is a Slovene variation of Hungarian surname Horvath, originating from Croatia. It may refer to:
The surname is a variation of the more common version Horvat, which is the second most common surname in Slovenia. It comes from the word "Hrvat" (archaically "Horvat"), which means a Croat. A similar surname, common in Slovenian Istria and in the Slovenian Littoral, is "Hrovatin" or "Hrvatin" (Italianized to "Crevatin"). The village of Hrvatini on the Slovenian coast is derived from this surname.

</doc>
<doc id="18825377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825377" title="HD 157661">
HD 157661

HD 157661 is the Henry Draper Catalogue designation for a likely triple star in the southern constellation of Ara. With a measured annual parallax of 5.13 mas, is located at a distance of approximately from Earth. The combined apparent visual magnitude of the stars is 5.29, which means it is faintly visible to the naked eye.
The inner components of this system consist of a pair of B-type main sequence stars. The brighter star has a magnitude of 5.70 and a stellar classification of B7 V. At an angular separation of 2.115 arcseconds is the magnitude 6.46 secondary component, which has a classification of B9.5 V. A third member of the system is a 7.6 magnitude A-type star at a separation of 103 arcseconds.

</doc>
<doc id="18825381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825381" title="Kaçanoll">
Kaçanoll

Kaçanoll (; , Cyrillic: Качандол) is a village in Kosovo located in the municipality of Kosovska Mitrovica. Like Bajgora, located to the west of Kačandol, it is in the south of the Kopaonik range and surrounded by steep mountains. Close to the village on its east side flows a tributary of the Lab river. From Kačandol the whole Lab region can be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="18825384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825384" title="Live from New York">
Live from New York

Live from New York may refer to "Live from New York, it's Saturday Night!", a line ending the cold opening of each episode of the American television show "Saturday Night Live" ("SNL"). Other "SNL"-related references include:

</doc>
<doc id="18825390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825390" title="Celypha cespitana">
Celypha cespitana

Celypha cespitana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone and the Nearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is ca. 15 mm. The moth flies from late May to September. .
The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants.

</doc>
<doc id="18825421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825421" title="Syricoris lacunana">
Syricoris lacunana

__NOTOC__
Syricoris lacunana, the Dark Strawberry Tortrix, is a small moth species of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.
Like its congeners, it is sometimes still placed in the genus "Celypha".
Description.
"Syricoris lacunana" has a wingspan of . The forewings show various shades of brown crossed by a few thin silvry lines.
The adult moths are active at dusk and fly from late April to September in the temperate part of their range (e.g. Belgium and The Netherlands).
It is an univoltine species. The larvae are polyphagous, feeding on various herbaceous plants, including nettles ("Urtica").
Distribution.
It is present all over Europe, including the most northern countries, in East Palearctic ecozone and in the Near East.
Habitat.
This very common species can be found in hedgerows, fields and woodland edges.
Synonyms.
Junior synonyms of this species are:

</doc>
<doc id="18825423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825423" title="Mitzpe Eshtemoa">
Mitzpe Eshtemoa

Mitzpe Eshtemoa (, lit. "Eshtemoa Lookout") is an Israeli settlement outpost in the West Bank. Located to the north of Shim'a, it falls under the jurisdiction of Har Hebron Regional Council. It was established in early 2003.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="18825425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825425" title="S710">
S710

S710 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18825449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825449" title="Celypha rufana">
Celypha rufana

Celypha rufana is a small moth species of the family Tortricidae. Long known under the junior synonym "C. rosaceana", it is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 15–19 mm. The moth flies from June to September in the temperate parts of its range (e.g. Belgium and The Netherlands).
The caterpillars feed on "Sonchus" sow thistles and Common Dandelion ("Taraxacum officinale"); they have also been reported to be myrmecophilous.
Synonyms.
Junior synonyms of this species are:

</doc>
<doc id="18825463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825463" title="Asa'el">
Asa'el

Asa'el (), also known as Mitzpe Asa'el (, lit. "Asa'el Lookout"), is an Israeli settlement outpost in the West Bank. Located three kilometres south-east of Shim'a, it falls under the jurisdiction of Har Hebron Regional Council. It was established in early 2002.
In 2008 it was announced that the Yesha Council was making preparations to evacuate the outpost.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="18825475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825475" title="John Hillen">
John Hillen

John Hillen (born 3 February 1966) is an American business executive and the former Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs, nominated by President George W. Bush, who served from October 11, 2005 until January 11, 2007. He served as President & CEO of Sotera Defense Solutions formerly Global Defense Technology & Systems, Inc. (GTEC) from 2008 - June 18, 2013. While at Sotera, he took the company public in November 2009. John currently serves on Sotera's Board of Advisors. He has been featured on WashingtonExec.com numerous times for his business accomplishments and his talks on Defense policy, particularly as they relate to the private sector. 
Life.
Education.
Dr. Hillen received his BA from Duke University, his MA from King's College London, his doctorate from the St Antony's College, Oxford, and an MBA from Cornell University.
Military Service.
Hillen was an officer in the United States Army for twelve years. He has served in special operations and conventional units. He has been decorated for his actions in combat.
Career.
While serving as Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs, Dr. Hillen was the senior State department official responsible for coordinating America’s diplomatic strategy with its military operations. He was also responsible for overseeing the department’s policies in the areas of international security, security assistance, military operations, weapons removal and abatement, and defense trade. He was unanimously confirmed by the Senate. His work standing up the US’s whole-of-government Counterinsurgency capability and strategy is profiled in Wall Street Journal reporter Nathan Hodge’s recent book Armed Humanitarians.
Prior to his appointment in the administration, Dr. Hillen served as the President of what is now CGI Federal Inc, the cleared American subsidiary of Canadian IT firm CGI, Inc. (NYSE: GIB). Previously he was the head of the defense and intelligence business at American Management Systems Inc. (NASDAQ: AMSY), which was sold to CACI International (NYSE: CAI) in 2004. Prior to that he was the Chief Operating Officer of Island ECN, Inc., a financial services firm in New York City. 
He is a trustee of the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London, the Committee on Economic Development, and The Foreign Policy Research Institute. He was for many years a contributing editor to National Review magazine, an ABC News consultant, and is a life member of both the Council on Foreign Relations and the Veterans of Foreign Wars.

</doc>
<doc id="18825478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825478" title="Kenji Maruyama">
Kenji Maruyama


</doc>
<doc id="18825482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825482" title="Celypha striana">
Celypha striana

Celypha striana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is the type species of its genus "Celypha".
It is found in Europe. The wingspan is 16–22 mm. The moth flies from late May to late September. .
The larvae feed on "Taraxacum officinale".

</doc>
<doc id="18825495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825495" title="Khedda">
Khedda

A khedda (or "Kheddah") was a stockade trap for the capture of elephants that was used in India. The elephants were driven into the stockade by skilled "mahouts" mounted on domesticated elephants.

</doc>
<doc id="18825497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825497" title="National hydrogen energy road map">
National hydrogen energy road map

The National hydrogen energy road map (NHERM) is a program in India initiated by the National hydrogen energy board (NHEB) in 2003 and approved in 2006 for bridging the technological gaps in different areas of hydrogen energy, including its production, storage, transportation and delivery, applications, safety, codes and standards and capacity building for the period up to 2020. The program is under direction of the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE).

</doc>
<doc id="18825503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825503" title="S610">
S610

S610 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18825513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825513" title="List of awards and nominations received by Bryan Adams">
List of awards and nominations received by Bryan Adams

Bryan Adams is a Canadian singer-songwriter and guitarist. He has won 18 Juno Awards among 56 nominations, including wins for Best Male Artist in 2000 and Male Vocalist of the Year in 1997 and every year from 1983 to 1987. Adams has also had 15 Grammy Award nominations including a win for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or Television for "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You" at the Grammy Awards in 1992.
Adams has also received awards and nominations at the American Music Awards, MTV Video Music Awards, and Golden Globe Awards.
In 1995, he collaborated with Sting and Rod Stewart for the single "All for Love", which received a Grammy nomination that same year.
Adams was appointed to the Order of Canada and the Order of British Columbia for his contribution to popular music and his philanthropic work. He was also inducted into Canada's Walk of Fame in 1998. In April 2006 he was inducted into the Music Hall of Fame at Canada's Juno Award, and in 2007 he was nominated for his fifth Golden Globe for the song "Never Gonna Break My Faith" which appeared on the soundtrack for the movie "Bobby".
Honours.
Adams has been announced to be one of the 2010 honorees listed in the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards (AMA) are awarded for achievements in the record industry. Adams has won one AMA, and been nominated for three.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States. Adams has won one Grammy and has been nominated for another 14. Also, in 1992, Michael Kamen won a Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance for "", performing some of Adams' work, and Adams received an American Paper Institute Environmental Award for environmental packaging for "Waking Up the Neighbours".
Juno Awards.
The Juno Awards are presented annually to Canadian musical artists and bands to acknowledge their artistic and technical achievements in all aspects of music. Adams has won 18 awards out of 56 nominations.
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1984 by MTV. Adams has been nominated eleven times and has received one award.
Golden Globe Awards.
This category of the Hollywood Foreign Press Associations Golden Globe Awards recognizes soundtrack achievements. Adams has been nominated for five Golden Globes.
Academy Awards.
The Academy Awards, popularly known as the Oscars, are awards of merit presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) to recognize excellence of professionals in the film industry, including directors, actors, and writers. The formal ceremony at which the awards are presented is among the oldest, prestigious, and most watched film award ceremony in the world. Adams has been nominated three times but has never won.

</doc>
<doc id="18825516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825516" title="Marcel Palonder">
Marcel Palonder

Marcel Palonder (born 3 February 1964 in Humenné, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak singer. He represented his country in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996 with the song "Kým nás máš". His song qualified from the semifinal, earning 36 points but in the final it placed 17th place with 19 points. The points to the Slovak entry were given by: Greece four points, Malta eight points, Poland five points and Spain two points.
He attempted to represent his country once again at Eurovision in 2010, when he competed in the Slovak quarter-finals of Eurosong 2010 with the song "What About You", but failed reaching the semi-finals.

</doc>
<doc id="18825549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825549" title="Amsden, Ohio">
Amsden, Ohio

Amsden is an unincorporated community in Jackson Township, Seneca County, Ohio, United States. The community is served by the Fostoria (44830) post office.

</doc>
<doc id="18825562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825562" title="S1000">
S1000

S1000 may rfeer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18825601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825601" title="Rosenda Monteros">
Rosenda Monteros

From 1955 to 1957, she was married to director Julio Bracho.

</doc>
<doc id="18825614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825614" title="Calvinus">
Calvinus

Calvinus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18825617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825617" title="Odice jucunda">
Odice jucunda

The Delightful Marbled "(Odice jucunda)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found on the Iberian Peninsula and the South of France.

</doc>
<doc id="18825633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825633" title="Siberia (opera)">
Siberia (opera)

Siberia is an opera in three acts by Umberto Giordano from a libretto by Luigi Illica. There is no direct source for the plot of "Siberia" and it is quite possible that this is an original work by Illica. It was suggested at the New York premiere that it was based on Leo Tolstoy's novel "Resurrection" or one of the novels within it.
Performance history.
The première took place on 19 December 1903 at La Scala in Milan and was revised in 1927. The première was not successful, despite having an illustrious first-night cast (Puccini's "Madama Butterfly" had been cancelled and "Siberia" took the same vocal distribution so the singers were re-engaged for Giordano's opera), it received more praise in its opening in Genoa and then in Paris in May 1905. It was premièred in the USA, in New Orleans at the French Opera House on 31 January 1906. The composer Gabriel Fauré thought highly of the first act when he heard it in Paris in 1905.
Synopsis.
Act 1: "The Woman".
"Saint Petersburg, August, during the Festival of Saint Alexander"
Stephana is the mistress of Prince Alexis, living in an elegant Palace, who was once seduced by Gleby, a scoundrel, who sold her to the Prince and has been living off a pension granted to him by the Prince. Stephana loves Vassili, a Lieutenant who corresponds with her but assumes she is a simple working girl, because they always meet in disguise outside her house. When summoned to war he goes to meet Stephana and learns the truth about her, but he is still smitten with her. The Prince enters and demands an explanation which develops into a duel during which Vassili kills the Prince with his sword; he is detained and sent to the police.
Act 2: "The Lover".
"The frontier between Russia and Siberia in winter"
Several prisoners are making their way through the snow on foot to the mines where they are forced to work. Amongst them is Vassili worn almost out, he is despairing, a group of women and children are waiting along the road to bid farewell to the prisoners. Stephana arrives in a sleigh, she has left all to join her beloved in whatever fate awaits him, she does not listen to his pleas to return, when ordered to, they both march into the vastness of Siberia.
Act 3: "The Heroine".
"A hut of convicts in the mines of Trans-Baikal on the eve of Russian Easter"
Due to the upcoming festivities, the prisoners are allowed to organize a feast. Stephana, excited by this, devises a scheme with an old convict to escape with Vassili, but Gleby has arrived to the prison camp after finally being arrested in one of his many crimes. He recognizes Stephana and insults her in front of everybody, including Vassili, who tries to defend her but is stopped by the other inmates. The church bell rings and prayers start. During the night Vassili and Stephana execute their plan to escape, but Gleby gives the alarm, the troops pursue the prisoners and a shot is heard, they bring Vassili back and carry Stephana, who was wounded, she bids farewell to Vassili and dies.
Recordings.
Source: Recordings of "Siberia" on operadis-opera-discography.org.uk
The original cast members (Zenatello, Storchio, De Luca and Pini-Corsi) made a series of recordings of scenes and arias from the opera in 1903/1904 in Milan for the Gramophone (and Typewriter) Company.

</doc>
<doc id="18825642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825642" title="Harbour Towne Marina">
Harbour Towne Marina

Harbour Towne Marina is located on Dania Beach, Florida, on Muskegon Lake, just south of the channel connecting Muskegon Lake and Lake Michigan. Immediate neighbors are the Harbour Towne Condominiums, Harbour Towne Yacht Club, and Docker’s Fishouse and Lounge. This marina invested in a wash-down filtration system and relocated its hull-cleaning area for environmental compliance.
Harbour Towne Marina is a full-service marina with 243 slips, 365 racks in two large buildings, and 35 dry-land spaces for boats. It operated at 100% of capacity in the 1995 boating season and has 35 full-time employees year-round. Of the boats kept in slips, only five are liveaboards. Ninety-five percent of the boats kept in the marina are powerboats. The boats range in size from under 21 feet up to 80 feet; the average sizes are 45 feet in slips and 24 feet in racks. The largest boat is a 200-foot LOA commercial gambling ship that takes daily cruises offshore.
Within a 2-mile radius there are eight other marinas and five boat/shipyards, all servicing an estimated population of 4,000+ recreational vessels. While South Florida has year-round boating weather, the peak season starts in October and runs through April.
Services.
Among the services available to boaters are transient dockage, launch/haulout, boat rentals, charter boats, new and used boat sales, retail store, fuel dock, pumpout, laundry, food and beverage, and repair services for fiberglass, hulls, engines, sails, rigging, paint, canvas, electronics, and welding. Westrec does all boat hauling and launching with a travel lift and forklifts. Harbour Towne is the international headquarters of Club Nautico, a small boat rental franchise business. A newly renovated dockside restaurant helps make Harbour Towne a fine marina.
Management measures.
Harbour Towne Marina complies with the marina management measures for storm water runoff control and solid waste, as well as shoreline stabilization, fueling station design, sewage facility, maintenance of sewage facilities, fish waste, liquid materials, petroleum control, boat cleaning, and public education.
Environmental improvements.
Broward County required Harbour Towne Marina, particularly the boat wash-down area within the working boatyard, to comply with its best management practices or to close down that part of the business. To reduce the chance of spray and bottom debris reaching the marine waters, the washing pad was relocated 100 feet inland from the travel lift well used for haulouts. When the new pad and filtration system were being built, an unanticipated abandoned foundation had to be removed, and a storm water drain tie-in was built . Westrec installed a Nova Chem wastewater filtration system to clean the power wash water sufficiently to meet the county's gray water standards for discharge into the municipal sewer system.
The fuel and pumpout dock were recently modernized, and extra fire and spill control equipment was added. Boaters are required to have oil absorption pads in the bilge. Hand washing of vessels is permitted in slips only if biodegradable soap is used in minimal amounts.

</doc>
<doc id="18825654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825654" title="Berwick, Ohio">
Berwick, Ohio

Berwick is an unincorporated community in Seneca Township, Seneca County, Ohio, United States. It is located next to the intersection of East County Road 6 and State Route 587. The community is served by the New Riegel (44853) post office.

</doc>
<doc id="18825683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825683" title="Germany–Slovenia relations">
Germany–Slovenia relations

German-Slovenian relations are the foreign relations between Germany and Slovenia. German-Slovenian relations are good and harmonious. Both countries established diplomatic relations on January 15, 1992. Germany has an embassy in Ljubljana. Slovenia has an embassy in Berlin and a general consulate in Munich. Both countries are full members of NATO and the European Union. There are more than 50,000 Slovenes who live in Germany. In the early years of Slovenian independence from Yugoslavia, Germany was a strong advocate for the self-determination of the Slovenes, and instituted a comprehensive consulting and support program for the promotion of democratization and market reform process in that country. Germany supportet Slovenia's accession to EU and NATO. 
In recent times, numerous high-level visits have highlighted the friendly relations, e.g. Chancellor Gerhard Schröder was on 26 June 2001 on the occasion of the 10th Anniversary of Slovenian independence in Ljubljana, Bundestag President Wolfgang Thierse was on 25 to 27 March 2003 in Ljubljana, Celje and Koper, and Federal President Johannes Rau was in advance of the meeting of the Central and Eastern European Presidents of 29 May to 1 June 2002 in Bled, Ljubljana and Maribor. Since Slovenia's accession to NATO and EU in the spring of 2004, the partnership between the two countries has reached a new level. More highlights of these two nations' diplomatic relations include the visit of the CSU group in the German Bundestag with the Federal Economics Minister Glos and Federal Agriculture Minister Seehofer on 11 July 2006 in Ljubljana and the participation of Chancellor Angela Merkel at the official ceremony of the Slovenian government to adopt the euro on 15 January 2007 in the Slovenian capital.

</doc>
<doc id="18825709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825709" title="Oligia fasciuncula">
Oligia fasciuncula

The Middle-barred Minor "(Oligia fasciuncula)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 24–29 mm. The length of the forewings is 11–13 mm. The moth flies in one generation from mid May to late July. .
The larvae feed on various grasses, such as Tufted Hair-grass and Festuca ovina.

</doc>
<doc id="18825713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825713" title="Justus Baronius Calvinus">
Justus Baronius Calvinus

Justus Baronius Calvinus (b. at Kanthen, Germany, c. 1570; d. after 1606) was a German theologian, a Roman Catholic convert and apologist.
Life.
He was born of Calvinist parents and educated at Heidelberg, where he took a course in theology. His study of the Church Fathers inclined him towards Catholicism and finally led him to Rome. There he was kindly received by Cardinal Bellarmine, Cardinal Baronius, and Pope Clement VIII. His gratitude to Baronius caused him to add that cardinal's name to his own. 
On his return to Germany he became a Catholic (1601) and a staunch defender of his faith. In his "Apologia" (Mainz, 1601) he gives the reasons for his conversion and in his "Praescriptionum adversus haereticos ... Tractatus" (ibid. 1602, 1756) he appeals to the Fathers in support of the truth of Catholicism.

</doc>
<doc id="18825722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825722" title="KVCO">
KVCO

KVCO (88.3 FM) is a nonprofit radio station licensed to serve Concordia, Kansas. The station is owned and operated by Cloud County Community College. It airs an active rock/college radio format, with music of varying genres playing at different times.
The range of KVCO's radio reach is about 15 miles.
Except for the General Manager position, all positions at the station are voluntary and is run somewhat like a collegiate club / interest organization even though KVCO helps would-be radio workers train for the radio industry.
Sponsorships and Underwriting.
Any business and organization of reasonable moral foundation may sign up to sponsor on KVCO at rates far lower than that of the commercial radio stations. Underwriting donations can be made in exchange for time on-air. As the station is a noncommercial nonprofit, sponsorship spots can include the sponsoring organization's name, mission, address and business hours.
As the station is noncommercial, by regulation of the FCC, the sponsorship spots cannot include prices, sales, limited-time offers, comparisons or calls to action.

</doc>
<doc id="18825734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825734" title="Croatia–Slovenia relations">
Croatia–Slovenia relations

Croatia–Slovenia relations are foreign relations between Croatia and Slovenia. Croatia has an embassy in Ljubljana and two honorary consulates in Maribor and Koper. Slovenia has an embassy in Zagreb and an honorary consulate in Split. The countries share of common border. Relations between Slovenia and Croatia have been friendly, but burdened with a series of unresolved border and other disputes.
History.
Before 1991, both countries were part of Yugoslavia. On June 26, 1991, a mutual recognition agreement was signed by both countries. Diplomatic relations between both countries were established on February 6, 1992. 
In a series of high-level meetings since the latter half of 1998, Slovenia and Croatia have been engaged in settling bilateral differences, a process which accelerated after the death of Croatian President Franjo Tuđman in 1999. 
Since May 2004, Slovenia has been a member of the European Union, whereas Croatia was still negotiating for the admission. This strengthened Slovenian negotiation position in the disputes between the two states. Slovenia has supported the accession of Croatia to the European Union, but has demanded that the opened bilateral questions be resolved before Croatia's accession to the Union.
The problem escalated in 2008 with Slovenia's blockade of Croatia's EU accession that lasted into 2009 before the two countries agreed to an EU-sponsored arbitration. On 3 March 2013, Croatia and Slovenia reach an agreement on Ljubljanska Banka. A month after that, the Parliament of Slovenia unanimously ratified the Croatian accession treaty.
Issues of contention.
Border disputes.
The border disputes between the two states concern:
Slovenia claims that the maritime border in Piran Bay does not go through the middle of the bay, while Croatia claims it does. This is causing problems for fishermen due to there being an undefined area where the naval police of each country may patrol. Related to the border in Piran Bay is Slovenian access to international waters in the form of a corridor which would require Croatia to cede its exclusive rights over at least some of its territorial waters to the west of Umag.
The disputed Dragonja area is located near the Sečovlje-Plovanija official border crossing point, set up by an interim agreement of the two countries in the 1990s.
A referendum regarding the ratification of the agreement on the arbitration between Slovenia and Croatia regarding the Gulf of Piran border dispute was held in Slovenia in June 2010. Croatia and Slovenia agreed to let outside arbitrators come up with a plan to divide the Gulf in 2009 in the hopes of finding a resolution to the dispute and easing Croatia's entry to the Union. Though the parliaments in both Croatia and Slovenia ratified the agreement, the Slovene parliament additionally voted to require a public referendum on the deal. The agreement was supported by 51.54% of voters and opposed by 48.46% of voters. In October 2010, the Slovenian law on the ratification of the agreement was also unanimously recognized by the Slovenian Constitutional Court as being in accordance with the Constitution of Slovenia. The diplomatic notes about the agreement were exchanged between the Government of Slovenia and Government of Croatia on November 25, 2010. The agreement came into force on November 29, 2010.
Croatian exclusive economic zone in the Adriatic Sea.
A disputed issue with Croatia was Slovenian and Italian opposition to the proclamation of the Croatian Ecological and Fisheries Protection Zone (Exclusive Economic Zone) in the Adriatic sea.
Slovenia is disputing this, requiring direct access to the international waters. This policy has been in place since late 2004 but excludes the EU countries (namely, Slovenia and Italy).
In the negotiations with the European Union, it was decided that Croatia can proclaim an ecological protection zone for third countries, but not also for the countries of the European Union. 
About 40% of all the catchment of Slovenian fishermen originates from the zone.
Ljubljanska banka.
Another open issue is the financial compensation for the Croatian depositors who lost their savings in the liquidation of the Slovenian-based Yugoslav bank Ljubljanska banka.
During SFRY, the said bank had a branch in Zagreb. In December 1991, Croatian authorities allowed the transfer of two thirds of the foreign-currency debt of the Zagreb branch of Ljubljanska banka to a number of Croatian banks. However, some 132,000 clients kept their savings in Ljubljanska banka. By 1994, the Slovenian Parliament formed Nova Ljubljanska Banka with the old bank's assets but none of its debts.
In 1995, the Croatian bank Privredna banka Zagreb filed a lawsuit against Ljubljanska banka, after the Croatian Ministry of Finance authorized it to do so. In 1997 the Slovenian parliament halted all lawsuits against Ljubljanska banka by foreign citizens. In 2001, the Ministry of Finance extended the lawsuit authorization to Zagrebačka banka.
The two countries signed the 2001 Agreement on Succession Issues, dealing with the succession negotiations after the break-up of Yugoslavia. In 2002, succession negotiations were hosted by the Bank of International Settlements in Basel, but Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina rejected the proposed model in which they would have to reimburse the depositors. The negotiations stalled after that.
In 2010, after the Kosor-Pahor agreement, the Croatian side had reportedly agreed to the Slovenian position, which was a precondition for Croatia to close the negotiations with the EU regarding Chapter 4 of the Acquis on the free movement of capital.
The Slovenian position has been that the compensation is a succession issue. Slovenia also made it their condition for the acceptance of Croatia to the European Union, most recently in July and September 2012. In April 2012 Croatia passed a conclusion according to which this is only a dispute between the bank and its Croatian savers and should be resolved in courts. The European Commission considers this to be a bilateral issue.
On 6 November 2012, the European Court of Human Rights delivered a first-degree verdict in the case of Ališić and Others v. Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Serbia, Slovenia and the “Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia”, finding Slovenia in violation of the European Convention on Human Rights and ordering it to compensate "the applicants and all others in their position" (individual Ljubljanska banka savers). In Croatia, some interpreted this as a precedent for the diplomatic issue, but Slovenian Foreign Minister Erjavec released a statement saying this is a separate issue from the diplomatic issue, rather that the latter was about "transferred debt". 
On February 7, 2013, Croatian and Slovenian Foreign Ministers said they had solved the problem of the former Ljubljanska bank, which was threatening to impede Croatia's EU accession in July.
Krško Nuclear Power Plant.
The two countries' national power companies jointly manage the Krško Nuclear Power Plant. They have had various issues, particularly between 1997 and 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18825737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825737" title="Caroline, Ohio">
Caroline, Ohio

Caroline is an unincorporated community in Venice Township, Seneca County, Ohio, United States. It is located along State Route 4, just south of Attica. The community is served by the Attica (44807) post office.
Caroline was laid out in 1826.

</doc>
<doc id="18825752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825752" title="The Best of Broadway">
The Best of Broadway

The Best of Broadway is a 60-minute television anthology series telecast live on CBS from 1954 to 1955 for a total of 9 episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="18825754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825754" title="Carrothers, Ohio">
Carrothers, Ohio

Carrothers is an unincorporated community in Venice Township, Seneca County, Ohio, United States. It is located along State Route 4, just north of the border between Seneca and Crawford County. The community is served by the Attica (44807) post office.

</doc>
<doc id="18825763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825763" title="Andrew O'Keefe (engineer)">
Andrew O'Keefe (engineer)

Andrew O'Keefe (d. 1904) was a construction engineer in Gippsland, in southeastern Australia. He built several railways and a weir. The O'Keefe Rail Trail is named after him.
O'Keefe's parents immigrated from Ireland in 1854 due to famine, bringing him and his sister Mary. He worked on several construction projects, before tendering for and building the 28-mile Heathcote to Sandhurst railway line, which was completed in July 1888. The line was part of the Wandong to Bendigo line, and arose as part of Railway Construction Act No 821, since dubbed the "Octopus Act". It ran until 1958, when lack of passenger or freight demand saw it taken out of service.
O'Keefe's other projects included the Eaglehawk to Bendigo tram line, Laanecoorie Weir and part of the Great Southern Railway from Korumburra to Toora.
He died in 1904, leaving ten children.

</doc>
<doc id="18825768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825768" title="Flag and coat of arms of Negeri Sembilan">
Flag and coat of arms of Negeri Sembilan

The flag and the coat of arms of Negeri Sembilan are state symbols of Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia. Influenced by the heritage of the Minangkabau people, the original settlers in present day Negeri Sembilan, the symbols are predominantly depicted in red, black and yellow, traditional colours of the Minangkabau. Also recognised in the symbols are the political history of Negeri Sembilan, its ruler, and the state's past relationship with the British Empire.
Flag.
The flag of Negeri Sembilan consists of a yellow flag with a canton on the upper hoist, which is divided diagonally from the corner of the upper hoist towards the corner of the lower fly. The upper portion of the canton is coloured red, while the lower portion is coloured black, exactly like the flag of Papua New Guinea.
The symbolisation of the flag is primarily concentrated towards the association of the its colours with the people of the state. The yellow represents the Yang di-Pertuan Besar of Negeri Sembilan, the red denotes the citizens of the state, and the black symbolises the four "undang"s (traditional chiefs).
As well as being the state flag of Negeri Sembilan, the flag is also in use by the Yang di-Pertuan Besar as the Sovereign Prince's Flag to date. Prior to 1941, the British Resident of Negeri Sembilan was also assigned the same flag, with the exception it is forked at the fly.
Coat of arms.
The Negeri Sembilan coat of arms and state emblem is based on Western heraldry, but consists of only two heraldic elements: The shield (escutcheon) and crest or helm; the motto of the Negeri Sembilan arms, normally included on the bottom as a scroll on the majority of Malaysia's coats of arms, is embedded into the shield of the arms. Like the flag, the Negeri Sembilan coat of arms uttilises the colours black, red and yellow with the minor addition of white.

</doc>
<doc id="18825777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825777" title="Oldbury Athletic F.C.">
Oldbury Athletic F.C.

Oldbury Athletic F.C. was a football club based in Oldbury, England. They were established in 1981. For the 2010–11 season, they were due to be playing in the West Midlands (Regional) League Premier Division, but resigned 3 weeks before the start of the season and folded.

</doc>
<doc id="18825780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825780" title="Ceramica pisi">
Ceramica pisi

The Broom Moth "(Ceramica pisi)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in all of Europe, east up to eastern Asia. In the north, it is found far beyond the Arctic Circle. In the Alps, it is found up to heights of up to 2,000 metres.
The wingspan is 32–37 mm. The length of the forewings is 16–20 mm. The moth flies in two generations from mid May to August. .
The larvae feed on various shrubs, deciduous trees and herbaceous plants, such as "Calluna", "Cytisus scoparius", "Pteridium aquilinum", "Rubus", Sea-buckthorn, willow and the European Larch.

</doc>
<doc id="18825783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825783" title="NRW.INVEST">
NRW.INVEST

NRW.INVEST is the economic development agency of the German State of North Rhine-Westphalia (NRW). It deals with the acquisition of and support for foreign investors and the international marketing for NRW as a business location.
As One-Stop-Agency for foreign investors, NRW.INVEST supports mainly international companies with their investment projects and settlements in NRW throughout the entire settlement process.
NRW.INVEST maintains two subsidiaries in Japan and the USA as well as six representative offices in China, India, Korea, Russia and Turkey. The sole shareholder of NRW.INVEST is the State of North Rhine-Westphalia.
In 2010 the state economic development agency NRW.INVEST celebrated its 50th anniversary. When it was founded in 1960, the former “Rheinisch-Westfälische Industrieförderungsgesellschaft” was commissioned by the state of North Rhine-Westphalia to recruit new industries to succeed the crisis-stricken mining industry.
The Mission.
As business location North Rhine-Westphalia (NRW) is in direct competition with the major European metropolitan regions Greater London, Île-de-France, and West-Nederland as well as other strong business locations worldwide. Acknowledging the importance of foreign investments in times of globalization, NRW.INVEST aims to boost the location of foreign companies in NRW.
Activities / Service.
To promote NRW internationally as the business location in Europe, NRW.INVEST offers foreign investors an extensive service through all stages of the investment. In these concerns NRW.INVEST cooperates closely with the Federal State government and the regional institutions for economic development in NRW. 
NRW.INVEST is set up in specialized country and industry teams that are experienced in all aspects of the location business.
The teams located at NRW.INVEST’s headquarters in Düsseldorf, the capital of NRW, and the teams on site at the representative offices and subsidiaries provide comprehensive information about NRW as an investment location, describe important aspects of the state's economic structure and industry clusters, and give answers to tax-related and legal questions.
Besides general information, NRW.INVEST provides potential investors with tailor-made information depending on their specific needs. On request, in-house experts analyze investors’ investment plans and find the right location for company settlements in NRW. 
The database Germansite is an additional service for investors searching for a business location in NRW. Detailed geo-information of over 1,000 vacant commercial sites in NRW is available to the user, including the contact data of the respective contact person.
NRW.INVEST supports investors in practical issues such as visa applications as well as the entire licensing procedure that comes with a business set-up in NRW. The agency acts as a guide to the appropriate authorities and a mediator between the investor and the responsible institutions. 
Investing in a new location does not stop after the initial set-up of the business. Further administrative processes are ongoing; a good share of the foreign companies in NRW start expanding and growing. Therefore NRW.INVEST also offers aftercare services. With various series of events and a broad range of support and consulting services NRW.INVEST maintains continuous contact with investors in the State to ensure that they feel at home in North Rhine-Westphalia and can grow successfully here. In specific cases the team in Düsseldorf offers solution-oriented services by attending to investors’ questions and concerns regarding expansion investments, growth finance or administrative procedures. 
Being a global organization NRW.INVEST cooperates with many international institutions. The agency is a member of organizations like the German-French Chamber of Industry and Commerce,
the American Chamber of Commerce in Germany, the British Chamber of Commerce in Germany,ChemCologne, Chemsite, British Chamber of Commerce in Germany,
the German-British Chamber of Industry and Commerce,
and the Turkish-German Chamber of Industry and Commerce.
Activities Abroad.
Maintaining its head office in Düsseldorf, two subsidiaries, and eight representative offices, NRW.INVEST is an international organization. The local staff at the subsidiaries and representative offices actively approach foreign companies in those areas where NRW is highly successful and attractive for foreign investments. They provide investors with first-hand information, practical advice for establishing business in NRW, and the necessary contacts. The offices abroad therefore often serve as the first link in the service chain of NRW.INVEST. 
For the past two years NRW.INVEST has increased its activities abroad, particularly in the growth markets India and Turkey. The increasing inclusion of these nations in the world's economy is expected to bring about a significant rise in foreign investment. For this reason, the agency opened branch offices in the Indian cities of Mumbai and Pune in the middle of 2007 and set up a representation in Istanbul in January 2008.
The importance of the NRW.INVEST foreign offices is demonstrated by the example of Japan. Thanks to the representation in Tokyo and the intensive acquisition measures conducted there, NRW has developed into an important location for Japanese companies. More than 500 Japanese firms are now located in the state, earning Düsseldorf the nickname “Little Tokyo”.
NRW.INVEST maintains further representative offices in Nanjing, Shanghai, Beijing, Seoul and St. Petersburg. Another subsidiary is based in Chicago.
Foreign Direct Investments in NRW.
North Rhine-Westphalia attracts companies from both Germany and abroad, 17 of the 50 German companies with the highest sales are based in NRW, including Bayer AG, Bertelsmann, Deutsche Post DHL, Deutsche Telekom, E.ON, Metro AG, Rewe Group, RWE and ThyssenKrupp. The state can rightly claim the most foreign direct investments (FDI) anywhere in Germany.
With 27.1 percent (200.6 billion euros) North Rhine-Westphalia recorded by far the highest direct investment share in Germany of all 16 federal states in 2011.
Around 14,000 foreign companies from the most important investment countries control their German or European operations from bases in North Rhine-Westphalia. This means that almost a quarter of the foreign companies in Germany are domiciled in North Rhine-Westphalia. These include many international global players such as BP, 3M, Ericsson, Ford, LG Electronics, QVC, Sany, Toyota, and Vodafone. The companies employ a total of over 750,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="18825786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825786" title="The Brothers Cazimero">
The Brothers Cazimero

The Brothers Cazimero are a Hawaiian musical duo made up of Robert Cazimero on bass and Roland Cazimero on twelve string guitar. Robert also plays piano as a solo musician. The Cazimeros got their start during the Hawaiian Renaissance with ukulele and slack-key guitarist Peter Moon's band, The Sunday Manoa, on their first recording, Guava Jam. Since that time, The Brothers Cazimero have released at least 36 recordings and three DVDs. For three decades, the group performed at the annual Lei Day Concert.
The Hawai'i Academy of Recording Arts (HARA) has honored the Cazimeros with 25 Na Hoku Hanohano Awards. Robert and Roland have also received individual Hoku Awards as solo artists. 
The Cazimeros' album "Some Call It Aloha...Don't Tell" was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Hawaiian Music Album in 2005.
In 2006, they were inducted into the Hawaiian Music Hall of Fame. 
In 1991, Roland joined Henry Kapono Kaaihue, Israel "Iz" Kamakawiwo'ole and Cyril Pahinui in recording "Broken Promise," a Hawaiian "mele ku'e" (song of protest) written by Kaaihue. The project won two Hoku Awards -- "Song of the Year" and "Single of the Year" -- in 1992.
Robert Cazimero is also a "kumu hula" (teacher of hula) for the "hālau hula" (a contemporary translation is "hula school") Halau Na Kamalei. Members of the halau have often performed with Robert and Roland as dancers and as a choral group. 
The Brothers are featured (with 3 songs) on the audio track for the "Over Hawaii" documentary which was broadcast on public television stations in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18825796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825796" title="KNCK (AM)">
KNCK (AM)

KNCK (1390 AM, "1390 Memories") is an oldies music formatted radio station licensed to Concordia, Kansas, serving Concordia and Cloud County, Kansas. KNCK is owned and operated by KNCK, Inc. The station derives a portion of its programming from Jones Radio Network's "Kool Gold" Network.
History.
Local businessman Charles Cook, who made his fortune by starting a brick manufacturing plant called Cloud Ceramics, helped start KNCK.

</doc>
<doc id="18825800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825800" title="Canada–Slovenia relations">
Canada–Slovenia relations

Canadian-Slovenian relations are foreign relations between the Canada and Slovenia. Canada recognized Slovenian independence in January 1992, and established diplomatic relations a year later. Canada is represented through its embassy in Budapest, Hungary, and through a consulate in Ljubljana. Slovenia has an embassy in Ottawa and a general consulate in Toronto. Both countries are full members of NATO.
There are more than 35,000 Slovenes who live in Canada.
State visits.
Michaëlle Jean, Governor General of Canada made a visit to Slovenia in October 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18825805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825805" title="KNCK-FM">
KNCK-FM

KNCK-FM (94.9 FM, "The New NCK 94-9") is a Hot Adult Contemporary formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Concordia, Kansas, and serving the communities of Concordia, Belleville, Minneapolis, and Beloit, Kansas, as well as North Central Kansas and South Central Nebraska. The station formerly carried most of its programming from ABC Radio's "Young AC" Network, until the station went to a more local presentation in 2010.
KNCK-FM is owned and operated by KNCK, Inc. General Broadcasting Co. Inc. transferred the license for this radio station to KNCK Inc. on November 1, 1989.
History.
Original License.
KNCK-FM was the first licensed FM broadcast station in North Central Kansas. It was originally licensed in 1979 as KCKS-FM to General Broadcasting Company, owned (mostly) by William F. Danenbarger, a former reporter and bureau manager for United Press International (UPI). The station license permitted broadcast at an Effective Radiated Power of 3,000 watts on 95.3 MHz (channel 237A). The original antenna was situated atop the sister station's approximately 200 foot tower in the station's back yard. In 2010, the station changed call signs to KNCK, matching it's AM sister station, and meaning "North Central Kansas", its primary service area.
Tower Loss.
In 1980, a tornado destroyed the tower used by KNCK-AM and KCKS-FM. The station's General Manager and Chief Engineer, Wendell Wilson, was able to put the AM station back on the air using a low-power transmitter and modified antenna mounted to the side of the studio building but the FM station was off the air until construction of the new tower was complete. The original tower was painted red and white and had aviation warning lights but recent erection of a nearby (and much taller) tower for the local cable system removed this requirement for the KNCK/KCKS tower. For this reason, the new tower remained steel grey.
New Ownership.
North Central Kansas native Joe Jindra started working at KNCK while still in high school and spent his life working in radio across the country in Kansas, Missouri, and Arizona. He returned to Concordia in 1989 and purchased the stations from General Broadcasting Company. Under Jindra's ownership, the station increased its power, initially to 6,000 watts, and ultimately to 100,000 watts. Increase of power to 100,000 watts required the station to purchase a new transmitter, change frequency from 95.3 MHz, a "class A" channel (limited to 6,000 watts), to 94.9 MHz, a "class C1" channel, and move to a new tower, 528 feet tall. Mr. Jindra currently owns and manages the stations.
Format.
KCKS began its broadcasting years as an automated EZ-listening station, using a format provided by the Century 21 music service of Dallas, Texas (now part of the Jones Radio Networks). In 1985, the station switched to a modified version of Century 21's Adult Contemporary (AC) format, with a heavy emphasis on prior AC hits. In 1987, the station subscribed to a Chicago-based satellite service, Satellite Music Network, providing a Hot AC format called "Starstation" with live air talent, which it continued to use through 2010 (Satellite Music Network was sold to ABC Radio and later to Citadel Broadcasting/Cumulus Media and the format was renamed Hits & Favorites). For many years, the station joined in simulcast (simultaneous broadcast) with its AM sister station during the morning hours, the noon news (15 minutes) and the evening news (15 minutes). During the school year, it also hosted a daily one-hour program, "the CHS Goodtime Hour", operated out of a small studio at the local high school as part of a class in broadcasting and journalism.
Sideband Carrier.
While many radio stations chose to offer subscription-based "Muzak" services on a subcarrier channel, KCKS instead retransmitted the "Audio Reader" program, a radio reading service for the blind offered by the University of Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="18825815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825815" title="Littleton Coin Company">
Littleton Coin Company

Littleton Coin Company is a privately held major American mail order and retail company focused on numismatic (currency) collectibles and based in Littleton, New Hampshire. The company focuses largely on U.S. coins and world coins, as well as a variety of paper money and ancient coins. Largely focused on direct mail, Littleton publishes catalogs several times yearly and has a "coins-on-approval" program.
Company history.
Biographical background.
As is the case with many numismatic firms, the history of the Littleton Coin Company is part and parcel of the biography of an individual. Company founder F. Maynard Sundman was born October 17, 1915 in New Britain, Connecticut, the only child of a couple living on a 3.5 acre farm located just northeast of that town. Sundman's paternal grandfather and grandmother had emigrated to the United States from Sweden and Norway, respectively. His grandfather worked as a foreman in a lock factory, his grandmother a committed gardener and homemaker. Both were deeply important to Maynard Sundman during his formative years.
About 1927 or 1928, when Maynard was a boy of 12, he was captivated by the postage stamp collection of a young friend. Sundman began to build a collection of his own, purchasing stamps by mail order from the Herbert A. Kegwin Company of Middletown, New York, one of about 50 American philatelic retailers of the day. His collecting interest spread and Sundman was soon subscribing to "Mekeel's Weekly Stamp News," a publication which gradually taught him the mechanics of mail order "approval sales," in which customers were periodically provided with numerous groups of stamps for sale. The recipient would then select the lots desired, returning the bulk of the consignment with payment. This would prove to be the business model use by Sundman and his Littleton Coin Company in later years.
In 1929 Sundman's interest in retail selling was further piqued by his first exposure to H.E. Harris & Co., the wildly successful philatelic mail order operation run by Henry Ellis Harris — who had himself begun in the stamp business as a boy of 14. Sundman began to dream of following in Harris's footsteps as a successful entrepreneur dealing in the collector market.
Sundman graduated from Bristol High School in 1935 and set about entering the mail order stamp trade. Having accumulated a nest egg of $400 — a considerable sum during the Great Depression — Sundman wrote directly to H.E. Harris to obtain a wholesale catalog. Additional dealer inventory was purchased from Held Brothers in New York City. An initial advertisement was placed in the August 17, 1935 issue of "Stamps Magazine," with Sundman doing business in his own name as the "Maynard Sundman Stamp Company" rather than as less descript corporate entity.
Sundman's initial efforts at approval selling proved successful and in July 1936 he was advanced a $50 line of credit by H.E. Harris & Co., the beginning of a close business relationship which would run into the millions of dollars over the next four decades. Backed by Harris's expanding credit line for provision of wholesale stamps, Sundman's business grew dramatically. By June 1939 the 23-year old entrepreneur presided over a company with 4 employees, who dealt with 500 new prospective customers per week. The firm built its growing customer list through a steady stream of advertisements placed in the popular press, including such magazines as "Boys' Life," "Popular Mechanics," "Popular Science," and in the back of comic books.
In April 1941 the young stamp mogul married the former Felicia Dorothy Kasper, known to her friends as "Fannie." The couple would remain together for over half a century, raising children who would later work in the family business.
The coming of World War II interrupted Sundman's best-laid plans, and he was drafted into the American military during the summer of 1941, ordered to report for training early in September of that year. A difficult decision was made and the stamp-selling enterprise was shut down for the duration of the war. The lucrative customer list was transferred in exchange for a 10% commission paid to Sundman on sales made to people on the list. These funds allowed the debt to H.E. Harris & Co. to be largely or completely liquidated.
Establishment.
Sundman was honorably discharged from the military in October 1945, having served as a military policeman in Northern Africa and Italy. He returned to New England intent upon resuming business as a stamp dealer. Together with his wife Fannie the Sundmans obtained a lease of a building in the small town of Littleton, New Hampshire to headquarter a new venture, to be known as the Littleton Stamp Company. H.E. Harris would again prove instrumental in Sundman's success, this time allowing his 30 year old protégé and business associate carte blanch access to his company's wholesale inventory, with an initial dealer inventory advanced to Sundman valued just in excess of $25,000.
Littleton was chosen in part due to its post office, which was large and efficient for a town of Littleton's size. This aspect of infrastructure was rightfully considered by the Sundmans to be of pivotal importance for their future mail order operation. Several decades later, between catalogs, approvals, and correspondence Sundman's Littleton Stamp and Coin Company would generate upwards of 2 million pieces of mail per year.
Business commenced in December 1945, with the first advertising placed in four mainstream popular magazines. H.E. Harris himself wrote the advertising copy for the first Littleton Stamp Company ad, which promised "Double your money back if not delighted!" to purchasers of a packet of airmail stamps costing 10 cents. Sales the first month amounted to less than $800 — a total which nearly tripled by the third month of business as the mailing list grew and repeat business began to flow in.
As the Littleton Stamp Company grew, so too did the Sundman family through the birth of three sons: David Sundman (born 1948), Frederick "Rick" Sundman (born 1950), and Donald "Don" Sundman (born 1954). All three sons would eventually work in managerial capacities in the burgeoning family business, with David and Rick concentrating on numismatics and Don eventually heading philatelic operations after the 1974 acquisition of the Mystic Stamp Company.
Littleton's growth was bolstered by the close personal friendship and business relationship between Sundman and H.E. Harris, with Harris maintaining confidence and trust even as the credit balance on wholesale inventory topped the $200,000 mark in the early 1950s. The company's mailing list and sales volume continued to expand, however, until ultimately the Harris line of credit was paid down in full.
As was the case with other prominent stamp dealers of the day, during the first postwar years when Littleton Stamp was beginning to be established business was dominated by sales to boys and girls — the so-called "juvenile trade." In later years, with the growth of television, the ready availability of transportation, and the expansion of team sports, demographics of the trade shifted somewhat as children were presented with additional recreational opportunities.
Sundman and Littleton moved from a concentration upon advertising in magazines targeted to a young male readership to ads in the Sunday supplements inserted into mass circulation newspapers, with one particularly successful campaign which offered 10 free Bohemia-Moravia stamps depicting Adolf Hitler ultimately distributing half a million sets, boosting the company's mailing list, and cementing Littleton's place as one of the "Big Five" American stamp dealers of the day.
Entry into numismatics.
By 1954 the Littleton Stamp Company had grown to an operation of sufficient scope to employ 60 people, with fully 99% of the company's business done through the sale of postage stamps. Gradually an awareness developed of the parallel potential of the numismatic market, with the collectors of these items being greatly similar in disposition. Littleton began testing the water with the sale of coins and banknotes, employing the same essential approval sales business model based upon mass circulation advertising which had worked so successfully for stamp dealers for decades.
Initial marketing efforts were rewarded and the decision was made to expand numismatic operations, with the company's name changed to Littleton Stamp & Coin Company later in 1954 to help spur sales in this new field of endeavor.
Littleton Stamp and Coin continued in its company tradition of placing primary emphasis of creating and developing new collectors, making use of advertising in a broad range of mass-circulation magazines and newspapers not traditionally mined by sellers of collectibles. Littleton effectively pioneered the approval method of mail order selling which had been long established in philatelics to the world of numismatics, sending out coins for review, to be either purchased or returned — with no credit card requirement to guarantee the company's safety in the transaction.
While the approval system sometimes provoked an incredulous reaction by those unfamiliar with the sales method, the company has indicated that over time the vast majority of those receiving such approval lots have proven honest in fulfilling the terms of the arrangement, with fewer than 10% of approval recipients proving problematic.
Gradually sales of coins and banknotes began to catch up with the company's sales of stamps until sometime in the middle 1970s a tipping point was reached and numismatic sales volume began to exceed philatelic sales volume.
Mystic acquisition.
In 1974, Maynard and Fannie Sundman purchased a long-time rival, the Mystic Stamp Company of Camden, New York. The couple's youngest son, Don, was placed in charge of the newly acquired operation. All remaining philatelic operations were transferred from Littleton, New Hampshire to New York at the time of the acquisition, with the New Hampshire operation subsequently strictly focused upon coin sales under a new name — the Littleton Coin Company.
A frenetic boom of precious metal prices and interest in coins for investment purposes in the late 1970s led to a bubble in the numismatic market as an anxious public sought a safe harbor for its investments in a time of rampant inflation in the United States. Littleton Coin Company briefly entered the rare coin market in this interval, attempting to bring a new crop of investor-collectors into its customer base. A short-lived subdivision called "Littleton Rare Coins" was launched.
This decision was ultimately regarded as a mistake, however, as a crash of metal prices in the early 1980s deflated the coin collecting boom and led to a mass exodus of the casual investor crowd. Littleton returned to its roots as a vendor of generally low ticket-price items to collecting hobbyists.
In 1985, David Sundman was named President of the Littleton Coin Company.
Company today.
Company founder Maynard Sundman died on October 31, 2007 at the age of 92.
As of 2012, Littleton Coin Co. employed approximately 370 people at its Littleton, NH facility. The company's operations are centralized in a single facility.

</doc>
<doc id="18825817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825817" title="Denis Waitley">
Denis Waitley

Denis E. Waitley (born 1933), is an American
motivational speaker and writer, consultant and best-selling author.
Waitley is a graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis, He was a founding member of the National Council for Self-Esteem.
He has authored 16 books and has released hundreds of audio lectures.
Résumé Controversy.
In 2007, Waitley withdrew his renomination to the board of directors of Usana and announced his retirement from the company, after it was discovered that he did not have a Master's degree he had claimed to have from the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, California. In addition to this USANA informed the "Wall Street Journal" that they were unable to verify Waitley's Ph.D. from the unaccredited La Jolla University.

</doc>
<doc id="18825818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825818" title="The Singing Saw at Christmastime">
The Singing Saw at Christmastime

The Singing Saw at Christmastime is an album released by Julian Koster on October 7, 2008 by Merge. It features covers of popular Christmas songs played by Julian Koster on the singing saw.

</doc>
<doc id="18825854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825854" title="Fort Seneca, Ohio">
Fort Seneca, Ohio

Fort Seneca is a census-designated place in Pleasant Township, Seneca County, Ohio, United States. It is located on State Route 53, approximately North of Tiffin. Although unincorporated, Fort Seneca had a post office, with the ZIP code of 44829 until 1998. The post office was opened on December 15, 1821.

</doc>
<doc id="18825855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825855" title="Marco Ruitenbeek">
Marco Ruitenbeek

Marco Ruitenbeek (born May 12, 1968, in Weesp, North Holland) is a former Dutch footballer.
Career.
Ruitenbeek signed for Scottish Premier League side Dunfermline Athletic in June 2000 from Dutch side Go Ahead Eagles. Earlier he played for AZ. He made his debut in a 3–0 friendly defeat against Dundee in August 2000. Ruitenbeek played 90 games for the Pars until April 2004, when he moved back to the Netherlands to play for Hoofdklasse side SV Huizen. He played with the amateur side for one season, before hanging up his gloves in May 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18825863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825863" title="Steven Yearley">
Steven Yearley

Steve Yearley (Born in Walthamstow, North East London, in 1956) is a British sociologist, Professor of the Sociology of Scientific Knowledge at the University of Edinburgh, a post he has held since 2005. He is currently seconded from the sociology unit to be Director of the ESRC Genomics Policy and Research Forum, more often known as the Genomics Forum. He first studied Natural Sciences and then Social and Political Sciences at Cambridge University before doing his PhD in sociology, supervised by Michael Mulkay at the University of York from 1978 - 1981. 
Yearley is known chiefly for three kinds of work within this field: theoretical analysis of trends within the sociology of scientific knowledge, the application of arguments from the sociology of scientific knowledge to environmental issues and to the understanding of environmental controversies and campaigning, and pioneering work that demonstrated how public participation in the evaluation of environmental modelling could lead to refinement and better uptake of the models.
Due to the scarcity of sociology jobs in the UK in the early 1980s, Yearley had a couple of short-term positions before he got a lectureship in sociology at Queen's University Belfast in 1983. It was in Belfast that he began to concentrate on environmental issues and in the late 1980s and early 1990s he was closely associated with Friends of the Earth, the Ulster Wildlife Trust and Northern Ireland Environment Link. He became the first Professor of Sociology at the University of Ulster in 1992, returning to Queen’s for a short stint as Professor there in 1994, and then moving to the sociology professorship at the University of York in 1995. He worked in York from 1995 to 2005, spending his last six years there as Head of Department; in York he worked closely with colleagues in the Stockholm Environment Institute. Yearley has also spent periods as Visiting Professor in Science and Technology Studies at Cornell University, at the Technical University of Denmark and at the University of Melbourne.
Since 2006, Yearley has worked primarily as Director of the Genomics Forum, a novel form of research institute, funded by the ESRC aimed at linking social research on life-science issues with a variety of audiences beyond the social sciences: policy makers, lobbyists and NGOs; public groups of various kinds; and practising scientists and medics. In this role he has collaborated with among others the Human Genetics Commission, Citizens' Inquiry into the Forensic Use of Genetic Information, the National Natural Science Foundation of China, the Scottish Government's Health and Wellbeing Directorate and the Edinburgh International Book Festival. At the Forum, he focuses primarily on environmental aspects of the life sciences (such as issues around synthetic biology) and on new ventures in public engagement with the science and technologies of genomics. In 2010, Steven Yearley was elected to the fellowship of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
Book reviews.
Requiem for a Species: Why We Resist the Truth about Climate Change
The Times Higher Education listed Requiem for a Species as "Book of the week" for 3 June 2010. Steven Yearley's review calls it a "provocative and sobering book".
Why We Disagree About Climate Change: Understanding Controversy, Inaction and Opportunity
Steven Yearley writing for The Times Higher Education said, "This is a distinctive and courageous book".
Mao's Great Famine: The History of China's Most Devastating Catastrophe, 1958–62
Steven Yearley, Professor of the Sociology of Scientific Knowledge at the University of Edinburgh, notes that the book "stands out" from other works on the famine "on account of its basis in recently opened archives and in the countless compelling details which are provided to clarify the interlocking themes of the text."

</doc>
<doc id="18825868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825868" title="Oscar López (born 1937)">
Oscar López (born 1937)

Oscar López (born 24 December 1937 in Lanús) is a retired Argentina footballer and football manager. 
López started his playing career in 1957 with Independiente. In 1960 he moved down a division to play for Banfield where he was part of the team that won the Argentine 2nd division in 1962.
In 1966 he had an unsuccessful spell with Boca Juniors which was plagued by injuries. He then played for Quilmes before returning to Banfield where he retired in 1971.
López then went on to become a football coach. He has had spells as manager of many teams including Arsenal de Sarandí, Ferro Carril Oeste, Textil Mandiyú, Banfield, Deportivo Español, Quilmes and Huracán in Argentina. He has also coached in Armenia, where he won the league title with Pyunik Yerevan and coached the Armenia national team.

</doc>
<doc id="18825925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825925" title="Lehrgeschwader 2">
Lehrgeschwader 2

Lehrgeschwader 2 (LG 2) (Demonstration Wing 2) was a Luftwaffe unit during World War II, operating three fighter, night fighter, reconnaissance and ground support "Gruppen" (groups).
"Lehrgeschwader" were in general mixed-formation units tasked with the operational evaluation of new types of aircraft and/or with the development/evaluation of new operational tactics or practices. Each "Gruppe" within the unit was equipped with a different type of aircraft. Each "Gruppe" consisted of several "Staffel"n (squadrons). The "Gruppe" was identified by Roman numbers (I./LG 2) and the "Staffel" by Arabic numbers (10./LG 2).
In 1939 Lehrgeschwader 2 thus consisted of a Bf 109 fighter "Gruppe" (designated I.(J)/LG 2), a Henschel Hs 123 ground assault "Gruppe" (II.(Schl.)/LG 2), and a reconnaissance "Gruppe" (III.(Aufkl.)/LG 2).
History.
The unit was created to control the "Lehrgruppe" in the Luftwaffe. "Stab" and I.(J)/LG 2 was formed in 1 November 1938 in Garz. II.(Schl.)/LG 2 was formed in November 1938 in Tutow near the Baltic coast and III "Gruppe" at Jüterbog.
11.(Nacht)/LG 2 was a specialist night-fighting unit formed in August 1939 in Greifswald under Oblt. Johannes Steinhoff, with Arado ar 68 & Bf 109-D equipment. In September 1939 the unit moved to Bonn-Hangelar and was redesignated 10.(N)/JG 26.
I.(J)/LG 2 became the new I "Gruppe", JG 77 in January 1942.
Operational history.
I.(Jagd)/LG 2.
Formed on 1 October 1937, the unit took part in the Polish Campaign, claiming six kills for three losses from 1–20 September 1939. The unit also participated in the Battle of France and the Battle of Britain. One base in this period was Saint Inglevert, Pas-de-Calais. Its commander Oberlt. Herbert Ihlefeld, was its most successful ace, claiming 24 victories by September 1940 and earning the "Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes". On 10 August 1940 future ace Hans-Joachim Marseille was assigned to I./LG 2, then based in Calais-Marck and flying sorties against England. The "Gruppe" claimed 92 victories during the Battle, for 22 aircraft lost and 16 damaged. It lost 10 pilots killed and missing and four as POW.
I.(J)/LG 2 then participated in the Balkans Campaign. The excellent ground attack work carried out by its sister "Gruppe" (II./LG 2) had led to several fighter units, including I./LG 2, to also employing a "Staffel" of Bf 109s converted to fighter-bomber duties.
Over Yugoslavia, Leutnant Friedrich Geißhardt was to claim four JKRV Hawker Fury biplanes shot down. Now with 36 victories, Ihlefeld was at this time shot down by ground fire and captured by Yugoslavian soldiers. While in captivity, he was allegedly severely beaten and was threatened with execution by firing squad. Ihlefeld was rescued by German troops after eight days of arrest and returned to Germany to recover. By the end of May 1941, I.(J)/LG 2 was based in Belgrade. The "Gruppe" lost four aircraft and five damaged and suffered one pilot killed and one captured.
During the Battle of Crete two Bf 109's "Jabos" of I./LG 2 were credited with sinking HMS Fiji with a loss of 276 crew.
Following the successful conclusion of the Balkan campaign with the invasion of Crete the unit was withdrawn to Rumania for Operation Barbarossa. Geisshardt, after 6 victories in the Balkans, was to achieve much success over Russia claiming 28 victories with LG 2 and was awarded the Ritterkreuz in August 1941. The "Gruppe" scored 52 victories from June - December 1941. Total victories from September 1939 - 13 January 1942 amounted to 583 kills. I "Gruppe" was redesignated I./JG 77 on 13 January 1942.
II.(Schl)./LG 2.
This unit was formed as "Fliegergruppe 40" on 1 July 1938. During the Polish campaign of September 1939 II.(Schl.)/LG 2 under Major Georg Spielvogel, operated as the as a 'ground assault' unit in the Luftwaffe, operating the Henschel Hs 123.the unit flew numerous low-level pin-point ground attack operations, and included within their rank as a "Staffelkapitän" future ace and "General der Jagdflieger" "Oberleutnant" Adolf Galland.
Spielvogel was killed by ground fire on 13 September however, and was replaced by Hauptmann Otto Weiß. By the end of the campaign 9 pilots had been killed in action; almost a 25% loss rate for the "Gruppe".
After resting and refitting, II "Gruppe" went west and took part in the Battle of France. Operating 49 aircraft, the unit initially flew supporting attacks for the German paratroop assault on the Eben-Emael forts in May 1940. Intensive sorties supporting 6th Army's panzer force took up most of May, before switching to harass the retreating French army south of the Somme in June. The outstanding efforts of the "Gruppe" and its biplanes in what was a unique role for 1940 were recognised with the award of the "Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes" to its commander and all three "Staffelkapitän". the units most notable action took place at the Battle of Arras, during which a strong British armoured attack was repulsed.
II.(Schl)./LG 2 did not take part in the early phases Battle of Britain, and was mooted to convert into a 'true' dive-bomber unit equipped with the Junkers Ju 87. However II "Gruppe" had proved the viability of the battlefield assault concept enough to be converted to the new Bf 109 E-4B fighter-bomber, with the capability to carry one SC-250 kg bomb or four SC-50 kg bombs. Training took place at Böblingen.
Based at Saint-Omer in France as part of "Luftflotte 2", II.(Schl)./LG 2 started operations on 6 September 1940, losing two aircraft to flak over the Thames Estuary. With no direct Army offensive to support, the unit modified its type of operation, and through the winter and into the spring of 1941 kept up a series of sporadic nuisance raids against targets in England, suffering over a dozen aircraft losses.
In March 1941 II "Gruppe" switched south to the forthcoming Balkans campaign, now equipped with 2 "Staffeln" of Bf 109s and expanded with two further "Staffeln" of the older Henschel Hs 123 again.
The unit kept up a constant assault on the retreating Allied armies, supporting "12 Armee" and its advance to the Corinth Canal. By now, inspired by the work of II./LG 2, several "Jagdeschwader" had their own specialist ground-attack cadres of Bf 109 fighter-bombers, including JG 77 and JG 27. The "Gruppe" were soon on the move back North for the attack on Soviet Russia in June 1941.
Based at Praszniki in Poland near the Lithuanian border, II "Gruppe", with 38 (37) Bf 109E and 22(17) Hs 123s, were tasked with attacking their share of the 60 Soviet airfields targeted on the opening day of the offensive, leading to the destruction of over 1,400 Soviet aircraft on the ground. Thereafter they formed part of the air support for "Panzergruppe 3" advancing on the 'Central Front'. Featuring in the capture of Minsk in June, by the end of July the intensity of operations had led to an attrition of the "Gruppe's" available aircraft, culminating in just 14 combat ready aircraft.
II "Gruppe" were transferred to the Northern sector around Lake Ladoga in August, and its impressive combat record again recognised by the award of "Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes" to its four "Staffelkaptäne"; Oblts. Georg Dörffel, Werner Dörnbrack, Alfred Druschel and Bruno Meyer. By September the "Gruppe" was back in the battle in central Russia, participating in the battles at Bryansk and Vyazma and supporting the advance on Kalinin. The II "Gruppe" Henschel's proved their rugged worth by launching a series of 'shuttle' missions against the counter-attacking Soviet forces in October, saving their own airfield from capture and inflicting heavy losses.
The onset of the appalling winter conditions saw operations curtailed for some time. Thus the II "Gruppe" was recalled to Werl in Germany to form the nucleus of the first ever "Schlachtgeschwader" (SG 1), and with Major Otto Weiß awarded the Oakleaves to the Knight's Cross.
Aufklärungsstaffel.
Created on or just after the 1 October 1936 near Prenzlau. In April 1937, the unit was equipped with the Dornier Do 17 F. It was later merged 1.(F)/Aufkl.Gr122 in September 1937.
Stab III.(Aufkl)/ LG 2.
Formed on 1 November 1938, it was renamed from "Stab/Aufklärungslehrgruppe". The unit was renamed "Koluft 10" after mobilisation on 26 August 1939.
9.(H)/LG 2 (Pz).
Operated in the Polish Campaign, Battle of France and Battle of Britain. During Operation Barbarossa it supported the 3rd Panzer Divisions capture of Orel and Bryansk, it also supported the German Army during the Battle of Kiev.
10.(See)/LG 2.
Formed on 1 November 1938, and dissolved in October 1939. Saw action in the Polish Campaign. The unit was absorbed into "Kampfgeschwader 30".
10.(Schlacht)/LG 2.
This unit participated in the Balkans Campaign and Operation Barbarossa. It was probably renamed 8.(PZ)SchG1 on 13 January 1942.
11.(Nacht)/LG 2.
Formed on 1 August 1939 and experimented with night fighting techniques with Arado Ar 68s. It was used for home defence until 14 December 1939. It was still doing so on 18 February 1940, when it was absorbed into IV.(N)/JG 2.
Erg.St.(Sch)/LG 2.
Formed on 24 August 1940. Participated in the Battle of Britain, and on the Eastern Front. It was disbanded on 13 January 1942, and its crews helped form II./Sch.G.1 and Erg.J.Gr.Ost.
Kunstflugstaffel.
This unit did not see action. It was formed in early 1938 and dissolved on 3 March 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="18825934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825934" title="Siam, Ohio">
Siam, Ohio

Siam is an unincorporated community in Venice Township, Seneca County, Ohio, United States. This town is also known as Attica junction. CSX and NS intersect here. It is located along State Route 4, just north of Attica. The community is served by the Attica (44807) post office.

</doc>
<doc id="18825941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825941" title="Hans Decker">
Hans Decker

Hans Decker was a German sculptor of the middle of the fifteenth century. His home was in Nuremberg, but otherwise very little is recorded concerning him.
His name is mentioned in a register for the year 1449, and certain early productions in the years 1432 and 1437 are attributed to him. Though his carving in stone is rather rough, he stands alone among his contemporaries for his energy and realism. 
Works.
His principal sculptures are the colossal statue of St. Christopher with the Child Christ on his shoulder, at the south-west portal of the church of St. Sebald, a memorial of the Schlüsselfeld family, and the great "Entombment", dated 1446, in the chapel of St. Wolfgang, in the church of St. Egidius. The group is composed of eight figures of heroic proportions powerfully disposed. In the body of Christ the handling is hard, but there is a distinct attempt at correct anatomy. The head is noble and manly; Mary is full of grief; John raises his Master's arm to kiss it. The draperies are simple and finely arranged. 
This work is full of the new naturalistic tendency.

</doc>
<doc id="18825943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825943" title="Cedar Island Marina">
Cedar Island Marina

Cedar Island Marina, located on Long Island Sound in Clinton, Connecticut, United States, is a boatyard with 400 slips. It was operating at 94 percent of capacity in 1995, with many transient visitors filling slips vacated when home-port vessels were away. Three boats are year-round "live-aboards". Boat sizes range from less than to , with 76 percent between 21 and and 19 percent longer than that; 35 percent are sailboats. In addition to slips, the marina has retail services—a ship's store carrying groceries, ice, bait and tackle, a used-boat brokerage, a fuel dock and a pumpout. Launching and haul-out are available with a 30-ton travel lift and a "giraffe" crane for indoor and outdoor winter boat storage. Repair services include fiberglass, hull and engine repair; painting; sail-rigging; sail-making; welding and metal fabrication; and boat-bottom cleaning.
Within a two-mile radius there are eight other marinas and boatyards, with an estimated total boat population of 2,000. The main boating season beginss in May and ends in October. Cedar Island Marina was bought by the Shapiro family in 1974, and converted from a fuel terminal built in 1964. Jeffrey Shapiro is also a general partner in the Clinton Harbor Boat Show each July.
Research and budget.
In 1995, the marina spent $38,500 to staff and operate its private research laboratory (which includes two full-time marine biologists). Its aquaculture project and public-display aquariums attracted new boating families into slips for the season and helped retain other customers, resulting in an estimated $46,000 gross slip income. The special docks, designed by Cedar Island for the aquaculture project, cost the company no more than conventional docks. Marina management estimates that the aquaculture project brings them around $5,000 worth of publicity each year and has extended their dredging season, saving another $5,000 annually.
The Cedar Island Marine Research Laboratory is owned, operated, and funded as part of the marina; its laboratory and in-water field station are also in the marina. Studies have included the assessment and long-term monitoring of water quality, marina habitat, coastal birds and fish communities in the marina, compared with other natural habitats in Clinton Harbor.
Noticing that many marine species grew more rapidly and remained healthy under marina docks and boats, Shapiro's lab staff began growing shellfish on trays suspended below the floating docks. They found that the shellfish grew faster than those placed in neighboring natural-marsh flats and were equally safe for human consumption. Oysters, it was determined, could be grown to market size one year faster under boat docks than outside the marina basin.
Two factors inhibit the use of marinas for oyster farming:

</doc>
<doc id="18825958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825958" title="Russula atropurpurea">
Russula atropurpurea

Russula atropurpurea is an edible member of the "Russula" genus, that have the common name of brittlegills. It is dark vinaceous (wine-coloured) or purple, and grows with deciduous, or occasionally coniferous trees. It is commonly called the blackish purple Russula, or the purple brittlegill.
Taxonomy.
Initially described as "Agaricus atropurpureus" by German naturalist Julius von Krombholz in 1845, and placed in "Russula" by Britzelmayr in 1893, the binomial name of this mushroom "R. atropurpurea" (Krombh.) Britzelm is accepted as being incorrect, and mycologists cannot agree on a suitable replacement.
Description.
The cap is 4–10 cm (0.8–4 in) in diameter. It is dark reddish purple, with a dark; sometimes almost black centre. At first it is convex, but later flattens, and often has a shallow depression. It can also be lighter in colour, or mottled yellowish. The stem is firm, white, and turns grey with age. The closely set and fairly broad gills are adnexed to almost free, and pale cream, giving a spore print of the same colour. The flesh is white; with a fruity smell, similar to apples. It tastes moderately hot.
Similar species: "R. brunneviolacea", and "R. romellii", both of which have darker spore prints.
Distribution and habitat.
"Russula atropurpurea" appears in late summer and autumn. It is common in the northern temperate zones, Europe, Asia, and Eastern North America, and is mycorrhizal with oak ("Quercus"), with which it prefers to live. Favouring acid soil, it is occasionally found with beech ("Fagus"), or pine ("Pinus").
Edibility.
This mushroom is said to be the mildest of the hot tasting "Russula" species. It is edible if cooked, although not recommended.

</doc>
<doc id="18825970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18825970" title="Egypt–Slovenia relations">
Egypt–Slovenia relations

Egyptian-Slovenian relations are foreign relations between Egypt and Slovenia. Since September 2007, Egypt has an embassy in Ljubljana. Slovenia has an embassy in Cairo (opened in 1993). Both countries are members of the Union for the Mediterranean.
Diplomatic visits.
In June 1999, Slovene Prime Minister Janez Drnovsek met Egyptian Prime Minister Kamal al-Janzuri in Cairo. They discussed means of boosting bilateral cooperation in the various domains especially the economic one.
In May 2007, Slovene Transport Minister Janez Bozic met his Egyptian counterpart Mohamed Mansour in Cairo. Their talks focused on boosting transport ties between the Egyptian port of Alexandria and the Slovenian port of Koper. Bozic said there was greater demand for the shipment of perishable goods, such as fruit and vegetables.
Agreements.
In 1997, the two countries signed a trade agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="18826011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826011" title="Steve Andrew">
Steve Andrew

Steve Andrew ( born 27 January 1966 ) is an English first class and List A cricketer who played First class cricket for Hampshire County Cricket Club and Essex County Cricket Club. He also played for these teams in List A games and he also played List A games for Hertfordshire. His highest score in First class cricket of 35 came when playing for Essex in the match against Northamptonshire County Cricket Club. His best bowling in First class cricket of 7/47 came when playing for Essex in the match against Lancashire County Cricket Club.
His highest List A score of 32 came when playing for Essex against Yorkshire County Cricket Club. His best bowling of 5/24 in List A cricket came when playing for Essex in a match against Hampshire County Cricket Club.
He also represented England at the Youth level in Tests. and at Youth One Day level.
He also played 113 Second XI Championship games for Hampshire's and Essex's second XI teams. and also 52 Second XI for Essex's and Hampshire's Second XI teams.
He played 18 Minor Counties Championship games for Hertfordshire. and also 11 Minor Counties trophy games for Hertfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18826034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826034" title="1986 A-Division (Bhutan)">
1986 A-Division (Bhutan)

The 1986 season of the Bhutanese A-Division was the inaugural season of top-flight football in Bhutan. 10 teams competed, and the first championship was won by Royal Bhutan Army.

</doc>
<doc id="18826036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826036" title="Association football contracts">
Association football contracts

Football (soccer) contracts is a specific area of Sports law which is used to describe the legal contractual issues at work in the world of both amateur and professional football. The area of Football contracts overlaps substantially with labor law, contract law and tort law. Issues like defamation, privacy rights and intellectual property law are also an integral aspect of football contracts. This area been subject to a number of controversies since the 1990s (see the Bosman ruling and the Webster ruling). These cases have coincided with the rebalancing of player power and increased media scrutiny and commercialisation of football. 

</doc>
<doc id="18826037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826037" title="Senoo Station">
Senoo Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18826040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826040" title="2001 A-Division (Bhutan)">
2001 A-Division (Bhutan)

The 2001 season of the Bhutanese A-Division was the seventh recorded season of top flight football in Bhutan. The league was won by Druk Star, there first title and the first time a Bhutanese team other than Druk Pol had won in the last six years. The league was preceded by a qualifying tournament known as the Thimpu League. Qualifiers from this league joined other teams in a round robin group stage to determine the four teams who would proceed to the knock out stage.
Thimpu League.
The 2001 Thimpu League, which started on 15 July, served as a qualifying tournament for the 2001 Bhutan A-Division. 9 teams took part, 5 from Thimpu and 4 from Phuentsholing. It is not known for certain how many teams qualified, but of the four known participants, three qualified as a result of their position.
Known result.
Druk Star did not qualify for the A-Division.
A-Division.
The A-division commenced on 12 August. Although Druk Star had not qualified via the Thimpu League earlier in the year, they were given a place following the withdrawal of Phuentsholing and Chhuka. The league consisted of two groups of three teams playing in a round robin format. The top two teams from each group then qualified for the semi-final knockout stages.

</doc>
<doc id="18826048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826048" title="2002 A-Division (Bhutan)">
2002 A-Division (Bhutan)

The 2002 season of the Bhutanese A-Division was the eighth recorded season of top flight football in Bhutan and started on 28 July 2002. The league was won by Druk Pol, there sixth title. Eleven teams took part, four from Phuentsholing and seven from Thimpu. 
Rigzung won promotion from the B-Division to the A-Division.

</doc>
<doc id="18826053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826053" title="Ian Brown (footballer)">
Ian Brown (footballer)

Ian O'Neill Brown (born 11 September 1965) is an English former professional footballer. A striker, he was a schoolboy at Luton Town before beginning his professional career at Birmingham City, but dropped into non-League after only playing for 10 minutes as a substitute in a Football League Cup match. He played for several clubs in the Eastern Counties League and then Chelmsford City, before returning to the professional game with Bristol City in 1993. After a loan spell at Colchester United and less than a year with Northampton Town, he returned to non-League with Sudbury Town, where he played under former Arsenal player, Richie Powling.
He was later signed by Powling for Cambridge City and Braintree Town, and after a spell at Maldon Town, went on to become a player-coach at Whitton United. After a spell as coach and assistant manager at Ipswich Wanderers, he was appointed manager of Whitton United in 2009. He left the club in 2011, and after a spell coaching at Hadleigh United, joined AFC Sudbury as a coach in November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18826055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826055" title="2003 A-Division (Bhutan)">
2003 A-Division (Bhutan)

The 2003 season of the Bhutanese A-Division was the inaugural season of top-flight football in Bhutan. 10 teams competed, and the first championship was won by Druk Pol, their second title in a row and seventh in the last eight seasons. It is assumed that Veterans were promoted having won the final of the B-Division.

</doc>
<doc id="18826056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826056" title="Croatia–Egypt relations">
Croatia–Egypt relations

Croatian-Egyptian relations are foreign relations between Croatia and Egypt. Egypt recognized newly independent Croatia on April 16, 1992, and the two countries established diplomatic relations on October 1, 1992. Croatia has an embassy in Cairo and an honorary consulate in Alexandria. The Cairo Embassy also officially handles the countries of Bahrein, Ethiopia, Yemen, Jordan, Qatar, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Sudan and UAE; as well as the following in some matters: Djibouti, Eritrea and Iraq. Egypt has an embassy in Zagreb. Both countries are members of the Union for the Mediterranean.
SFR Yugoslavia maintained good relations with Egypt, especially through the Non-Aligned Movement. In the 1970s and 1980s numerous Croatian companies had Egypt and other Arab countries as a capital export market, including INGRA, and the Croatian authorities have been trying to re-create these opportunities with various investment-related activities. Numerous Croatian officials made official visits to Egypt, and most recently Hosni Mubarak was in Zagreb in October 2009 while Jadranka Kosor returned the visit in December 2010. Croatian companies made some inroads in the Egyptian market, notably including an oil exploration concession for INA in 2002 that became significant in 2007. In early 2011, many Croatian workers were evacuated from Egypt, including those by INA, as the 2011 Egyptian revolution started.
In July 2011, the Croatian Government complied with the decision of the Council of the European Union to freeze Egyptian assets in connection to Mubarak and 18 connected persons.

</doc>
<doc id="18826059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826059" title="Bitchū-Mishima Station">
Bitchū-Mishima Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18826063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826063" title="Ip Wai-ming">
Ip Wai-ming

Ip Wai-ming, MH (;
born 1965) is the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong in functional constituency (Labour) (2008–2012). He is the labour representative of the Labour Advisory Board of the Hong Kong Federation of Trade Unions.

</doc>
<doc id="18826074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826074" title="SIES College of Management Studies">
SIES College of Management Studies

SIES College of Management Studies (SIESCOMS) is a South Indian Education Society (SIES) campus located in Nerul, an important node of Navi Mumbai. SIESCOMS was established in 1995 with the primary objective of providing quality management education and currently ranked in one of the top 50 B Schools of the country. , the mentor of the institute is A. K. Sengupta.
History.
SIESCOMS was promoted by SIES in 1995. It is the prime constituent of its academic complex at Nerul. Over a period of time, SIESCOMS has been catering to the needs of various segments of management education aspirants.
Academics.
SIESCOMS's main programmes are a two-year full-time course in Masters in Management Studies (Mumbai University) and Post Graduate Diploma in Management (PGDM- autonomous) . SIESCOMS also has full-time Master in Computer Application (MCA), which is a three-year programme, aiming at creating managers specially for IT sector. The college also offers a doctoral program in collaboration with Bengal Engineering and Science University, Shibpur (BESUS), Kolkata. Other special programs include a two-year program on Biotechnology Business Management, and a one-year program on Social Enterprise Management targeted at the NGO sector, from new centre at Sion.
Rankings.
SIESCOMS was ranked #47 by the "Hindustan Times" India's top 50 business schools of 2011 and #40 by the 2012 edition of CNBC-TV18's Top B-Schools in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18826079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826079" title="2005 A-Division (Bhutan)">
2005 A-Division (Bhutan)

The 2005 season of the Bhutanese A-Division was the eleventh recorded season of top flight football in Bhutan. The league was won by Transport United, their second title in a row. As a result they qualified as Bhutan's representatives in the inaugural 2005 AFC President's Cup.
League table.
Teams played each other on a home and away basis, with the bottom two teams qualifying for a relegation playoff against the top two teams from the B-Division.
Relegation playoffs.
Choden won the final of the B-Division on 19 June 2005, beating Rookies 3-0. Choden and another unknown team then entered the playoffs against Rigzhung and Dzongric. From the known fixtures that took place in 2006, it can be extrapolated that Choden beat Dzongric, whilst Rigzhung beat the other unknown team from the B-Division.

</doc>
<doc id="18826088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826088" title="Hayashima Station">
Hayashima Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18826090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826090" title="Bobby Moore">
Bobby Moore

Robert Frederick Chelsea "Bobby" Moore, OBE (12 April 1941 – 24 February 1993) was an English footballer. He captained West Ham United for more than ten years and was captain of the England team that won the 1966 World Cup. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest players of all time, and was cited by Pelé as the greatest defender that he had ever played against. Moore is a member of the World Team of the 20th Century.
He won a total of 108 caps for the England team, which at the time of his international retirement in 1973 was a national record. This record was later broken by 125-cap goalkeeper Peter Shilton. Moore's total of 108 caps continued as a record for outfield players until 28 March 2009, when David Beckham gained his 109th cap. However, unlike Beckham, Moore played every minute of every one of his caps.
Football career.
Early days.
Moore was born in Barking, Essex. He attended Westbury Primary School and Tom Hood School, Leytonstone, playing football for both schools.
In 1956, Moore joined West Ham United as a player and, after advancing through their youth set-up, he played his first game on 8 September 1958 against Manchester United. In putting on the number six shirt, he replaced his mentor Malcolm Allison, who was suffering from tuberculosis.
Allison never played another first team game for West Ham nor indeed any other First Division game, as Moore became a regular. A composed central defender, Moore was admired for his reading of the game and ability to anticipate opposition movements, thereby distancing himself from the image of the hard-tackling, high-jumping defender. Indeed, Moore's ability to head the ball or keep up with the pace was average at best, but the way he read the game, marshalled his team and timed his tackles marked him out as world class.
Bobby Moore also played county cricket for the Essex youth team alongside fellow West Ham player Geoff Hurst.
An England star, a European winner.
In 1960, Moore earned a call up to the England Under-23 squad. His form and impact on West Ham as a whole earned him a late call-up to the full England squad by Walter Winterbottom and The Football Association selection committee in 1962, when final preparations were being made for the summer's World Cup finals in Chile. Moore was uncapped as he flew to South America with the rest of the squad, but made his début on 20 May 1962 in England's final pre-tournament friendly – a 4–0 win over Peru in Lima. Also débuting that day was Tottenham Hotspur defender Maurice Norman. Both proved so impressive that they stayed in the team for the whole of England's participation in the World Cup, which ended in defeat by eventual winners Brazil in the quarter finals at Viña del Mar.
On 29 May 1963, 22-year-old Moore captained his country for the first time in just his 12th appearance after the retirement of Johnny Haynes and an injury to his successor, Jimmy Armfield. He was the youngest man ever to captain England at the highest level. England defeated Czechoslovakia 4–2 in the game and Armfield returned to the role of captain afterwards, but new coach Alf Ramsey gave Moore the job permanently during a series of summer friendlies in 1964, organised because England had failed to reach the latter stages of the European Championships.
1964 turned out to be quite an eventful year for Moore. As well as gaining the England captaincy, he lifted the FA Cup as West Ham defeated Preston North End 3–2 in the final at Wembley, courtesy of a last-minute goal from Ronnie Boyce. On a personal level, Moore also was successfully treated for testicular cancer and was named the Football Writers' Association Footballer of the Year.
The FA Cup success would become the first of three successful Wembley finals in as many years for Moore. In 1965, he lifted the European Cup Winners Cup after West Ham defeated 1860 Munich 2–0 in the final with both goals coming from Alan Sealey. By now he was the first choice captain for England with 30 caps, and around whom Ramsey was building a team to prove correct his prediction that they would win the 1966 World Cup.
1966 had a mixed start for Moore. In January he scored his first England goal in a 1–1 draw with Poland at Goodison Park, but two months later captained West Ham to the final of the League Cup – in its last season before its transfer to Wembley as a one-off final – which they lost 5–3 on aggregate to West Bromwich Albion. For Moore, who had scored in the first leg, and his West Ham team-mates Geoff Hurst and Martin Peters, considerable consolation lay ahead. Moore scored his second and ultimately final England goal in a friendly against Norway, two weeks before the World Cup would begin.
The World Cup.
On the verge of his greatest triumph, details were released to the press in early 1966 that Moore wanted to leave West Ham. Moore had let his contract slip to termination, and only after the intervention of Sir Alf Ramsey and realisation he was technically ineligible to play, did he re-sign with West Ham to allow him to captain the England team of 1966. Ramsey had summoned West Ham manager Ron Greenwood to England's hotel and told the two of them to resolve their differences and get a contract signed up.
Moore was the leader of the World Cup winning side and established himself as a world-class player and sporting icon. With all their games at Wembley, England had got through their group with little trouble, they then beat Argentina in a controversial quarter final and a Eusébio-led Portugal team in the semis, a match also surrounded by controversy. West Germany awaited in the final.
According to Geoff Hurst's autobiography, England full back George Cohen overheard Ramsey talking to his coaching staff about the possibility of dropping Moore for the final and deploying the more battle-hardened Norman Hunter in his place. However, eventually they settled on keeping the captain in the team. Moore had not been playing badly, nor had he given the impression that he had been distracted by his contract dispute prior to the competition. The only possible explanations were that the Germans had some rather fast attacking players, which could expose Moore's own lack of pace, and that Hunter – who was of a similar age to Moore but only had four caps – was the club partner of Moore's co-defender with England, Jack Charlton.
In the final, England went 0–1 down through Helmut Haller, but Moore's awareness and quick-thinking helped England to a swift equaliser. He was fouled by Wolfgang Overath midway inside the German half and, rather than remonstrate or head back into defence, he picked himself up quickly while looking ahead and delivered an instant free kick on to Hurst's head, in a movement practised at West Ham. Hurst scored.
The West Ham connection to England's biggest day became stronger when Peters scored to take England 2–1 up, but the Germans equalised in the final minute of normal time through Wolfgang Weber – as Moore appealed unsuccessfully for a handball decision – to take the match into extra time.
Ramsey was convinced the Germans were exhausted, and after Hurst scored a controversial and heavily debated goal, the game looked over. With seconds remaining, and England under the pressure of another German attack, the ball broke to Moore on the edge of his own penalty area. Team-mates shouted at Moore to just get rid of the ball, but he calmly picked out the feet of Hurst 40 yards (40 m) upfield, who scored to bring the score to 4-2.
Of many memorable images from that day, one is of Moore wiping his hands clean of mud and sweat on the velvet tablecloth before shaking the hand of Queen Elizabeth II as she presented him with the Jules Rimet trophy (World Cup).
Moore as an icon.
Moore became a national icon as a consequence of England's success, with him and the other two West Ham players taking the World Cup around the grounds which West Ham visited during the following domestic season. He was awarded the coveted BBC Sports Personality of the Year title at the end of 1966, the first footballer to do so, and remaining the only one for a further 24 years. He was also decorated with the OBE in the New Year Honours List.
Moore's image and popularity allowed him to start a number of business ventures, including a sports shop next to West Ham's ground, Upton Park, and he also appeared with his wife Tina, along with Peters and his wife Kathy, in a television advertisement for the pub industry, urging people to ""Look in at the local"".
He continued to play for West Ham and England, earning his 50th cap in a 5–1 win over Wales at the end of 1966 in a Home International match which also doubled up as a qualifier for the 1968 European Championships. England ultimately reached the semi-finals (the tournament was just a four-team event) where they played Yugoslavia in Florence and lost 1–0. England, as champions, did not have to qualify for the next World Cup, and Moore remained the first name on Ramsey's team sheet, winning his 78th cap prior to the squad's flight to South America for a short period of altitude-acclimatisation, before going on to the finals in Mexico.
1970.
The year 1970 was a bittersweet, mixed and eventful one for Moore. He was again named as captain for the 1970 World Cup but there was heavy disruption to preparations when an attempt was made to implicate Moore in the theft of a bracelet from a jeweller in Bogotá, Colombia, where England were involved in a warm-up game. A young assistant had claimed that Moore had removed the bracelet from the hotel shop without paying for it. While there was no doubt that Moore had been in the shop (having entered with Bobby Charlton to look for a gift for Charlton's wife, Norma), no proof was offered to support the accusations. Moore was arrested and then released, he then travelled with the England team to play another match against Ecuador in Quito. He played, winning his 80th cap, and England were 2–0 victors, but when the team plane stopped back in Colombia on the return to Mexico, Moore was detained and placed under four days of house arrest. Diplomatic pressure, plus the obvious weakness of the evidence, eventually saw the case dropped entirely, and an exonerated Moore returned to Mexico to rejoin the squad and prepare for the World Cup.
Moore went on to play a leading role in England's progress through their group. In the second game against favourites Brazil, there was a defining moment for Moore when he tackled Jairzinho with such precision and cleanliness that it has been described as the perfect tackle. It continues to be shown on television around the world. Brazil still won the game 1–0, but England progressed through the group. Moore swapped shirts with Pelé after the game. The shirt was displayed at the National Football Museum in Manchester, courtesy of the Priory Collection.
At the end of the year, Moore was voted runner-up (behind Gerd Muller of West Germany) for the 1970 European Footballer of the Year award.
Final years at the top.
On 10 August 1970, Bobby Moore received an anonymous threat to kidnap his wife and hold her to a £10,000 ransom. This caused him to pull out of pre-season friendlies against Bristol City and Bournemouth. However, his services to West Ham were rewarded with a testimonial match against Celtic at the end of 1970.
Although Moore was seen as an icon and a perfect influence on the game, he was not without his faults or controversies. On 7 January 1971, he and three West Ham team-mates, Jimmy Greaves, Brian Dear and Clyde Best, were all fined by West Ham manager Greenwood after going out drinking in a nightclub until the early hours of the morning prior to an FA Cup third round tie against Blackpool. The nightclub in Blackpool was owned by Moore's friend, boxer Brian London. West Ham lost the tie 4–0. They were all fined a week's wages. Blackpool were the bottom of Division one at the time, and narrowly missed relegation at the end of the season. Coincidentally, Moore was featured on TV as the subject on "This Is Your Life" the night before. Brian Glanville stated that it was not uncommon for Moore to drink heavily, but he was often seen training with West Ham the next day, working off the alcohol he had consumed the night before.
On 5 January 1971, when still only 29, he became the first active footballer to appear on the TV guest show "This Is Your Life".
Moore surpassed West Ham's appearances record in 1973 when he played for the club for the 509th time. Three days earlier, on Valentine's Day 1973, he won his 100th cap for England in a comprehensive 5–0 win over Scotland at Hampden Park. By this stage, only Peters and Alan Ball from the 1966 squad were also still involved with the England team; the rest had either retired or been dropped by Ramsey, even though a number of them were younger than Moore.
Later the same year, Moore was exposed defensively by Poland in a qualifier for the 1974 World Cup in Chorzów, deflecting a free kick past Peter Shilton to put the home side ahead, and then losing possession to Wlodzimierz Lubanski, who scored the second. His form had dipped enough for Ramsey to choose not to select him for the return game at Wembley, which England had to win to qualify. Any other result would send Poland through. Moore is understood to have asked Ramsey if this meant he was no longer required, to which Ramsey replied: "Of course not. I need you as my captain at the World Cup next year." It never happened, as England could only draw 1–1.
England's failure to defeat Poland at Wembley signalled the end of Ramsey's reign – he was sacked six months later – and Moore later told how he sat alongside Ramsey on the bench and kept urging him to make a substitution, but Ramsey was hesitant to do so. When Kevin Hector finally did come on for Martin Chivers after 85 minutes Moore could be seen on TV yanking down Hector's tracksuit bottoms while Ramsey sat immobile. Moore, later, said to David Miller "you could "feel" the minutes escaping. I said to Alf we need someone to go through the middle. He just nodded. We couldn't get Kevin out there quick enough. We almost threw him onto the pitch."
Moore won his 108th and final cap in the next game, a 1–0 friendly defeat to Italy on 14 November 1973. He became England's most capped player, beating Bobby Charlton's record by two appearances, and equalled Billy Wright's record of 90 appearances as captain. Peter Shilton and David Beckham have since overtaken the caps record, but the joint captaincy record remains.
After West Ham and England.
Moore played his last game for West Ham in an FA Cup tie against Hereford United in January 1974. He was injured in the match. On 14 March the same year, he was allowed to leave West Ham after more than 15 years, taking with him the club record for appearances (since overtaken by Billy Bonds) and the most international caps for an outfield player.
He joined London rivals Fulham, who were in the Second Division, for £25,000. During Moore's first season there they defeated West Ham in a League Cup tie and then reached the FA Cup Final where they faced West Ham again. This time Fulham lost the game, 2–0, and Moore had made his final appearance at Wembley as a professional player.
Moore played his final professional game in England for Fulham on 14 May 1977 against Blackburn Rovers. He played for two teams in the North American Soccer League – San Antonio Thunder in 1976 (24 games, 1 goal) and Seattle Sounders in 1978 (7 games). During 1976, there was also a final appearance on the international field for Team USA in games against Italy, Brazil and an England team captained by Gerry Francis. This was the U.S.A. Bicentennial Cup Tournament, which capitalised on NASL and more importantly England and Italy both failing to qualify for the European Championships that year. In April 1978 he signed his very last contract as a professional player, when he joined Danish side Herning Fremad to promote Danish football's new transition to professional football, playing 9 games for the club before he retired.
Post-football career.
Moore retired from playing professionally in 1978, and had a short relatively unsuccessful spell in football management at Eastern AA in Hong Kong, Oxford City and Southend United.
Moore publicly supported Margaret Thatcher in the 1979 General Election.
He became manager of Southend United in 1984. In his first full season, 1984–85, Southend narrowly avoided having to apply for re-election to the Football League amid severe financial difficulties. However, the side was gradually rebuilt and in the 1985–86 season Southend started well and were in the promotion race until the new year before eventually finishing 9th. His successor, David Webb built upon those foundations to win promotion the following year. Moore agreed to serve on the board of the club and held this role until his death.
His life after football was eventful and difficult, with poor business dealings and his marriage ending. Moore's supporters said that the Football Association could have given a role to Moore, as the only Englishman to captain a FIFA World Cup winning team or given him an ambassadorial role.
Moore joined London radio station Capital Gold as a football analyst and commentator in 1990.
Personal life.
After a four-year relationship, which had started when they were both 15 years old, Moore married Christina (Tina) Dean on 30 June 1960. They had a son and daughter. After 26 years of marriage, the couple divorced in 1986. On 4 December 1991 Moore married 42-year-old Stephanie Parlane-Moore (her real maiden name).
Illness and death.
In April 1991, Moore underwent an emergency operation for suspected colon cancer, though at the time it was just reported that he had undergone an "emergency stomach operation".
On 14 February 1993, he publicly announced he was suffering from bowel and liver cancer; by this stage the cancer had spread. Three days later, he commentated on an England match against San Marino at Wembley, alongside his friend Jonathan Pearce. That was to be his final public appearance; seven days later on 24 February, at 6.36 am, he died at the age of 51.
He was the first member of the England World Cup winning side to die, the second being Alan Ball 14 years later. Moore was also outlived by the trainer of the side, Harold Shepherdson, who died in September 1995, and the manager of the side, Alf Ramsey, who died in April 1999.
Bobby Moore's funeral was held on 2 March 1993 at City of London Cemetery & crematorium, Aldersbrook Road. London 12 5DQ and his ashes were buried in a plot with his father Robert Edward Moore (who died in 1978) and his mother Doris Joyce Moore, who had died only the previous year.
The first West Ham home game after his death was on 6 March 1993, against Wolverhampton Wanderers. The Boleyn Ground was awash with floral tributes, scarfs and other football memorabilia from both West Ham fans and those of other clubs. Fellow 1966 World Cup winners, Geoff Hurst and Martin Peters placed a floral replica of a West Ham shirt, showing Moore's number, '6', on the back, on the centre spot before the game. West Ham 'rested' the number six shirt with the regular number six, Ian Bishop, wearing number twelve. The game was won by West Ham 3–1 with goals by Steve Bull for Wolves and Trevor Morley, Julian Dicks and Matty Holmes for West Ham.
His former England team-mate, Jack Charlton, on a BBC documentary of Moore's life in and outside of football, said of Moore's death: 
"Well, I only ever cried over two people, Billy Bremner and Bob... pause He was a lovely man."
On 28 June 1993 his memorial service was held in Westminster Abbey, attended by all the other members of the 1966 World Cup Team. He was only the second sportsman to be so honoured, the first being the West Indian cricketer Sir Frank Worrell. 
Legacy.
The "Bobby Moore Fund" is a charity in the United Kingdom, formed in 1993 by Stephanie Moore, and Cancer Research UK (CRUK) in memory of her late husband to raise money for research into bowel cancer and also public awareness of the disease. A campaign, "Make Bobby Proud" was initiated in 2013 to fundraise. As of February 2013 the Bobby Moore Fund had raised £18.8m towards bowel cancer research.
In 1996, comedians Frank Skinner and David Baddiel used the line, ""But I still see that tackle by Moore"" in the lyrics to their song "Three Lions", which was the England team's official song at the 1996 European Championships, which was adopted by fans rather than the tournament's official song "We're In This Together" by Simply Red. It referred to the famous incident with Jairzinho in 1970, and was re-created by Baddiel, Skinner and England left back Stuart Pearce for the video. It was written in the context of a list of great England moments of the past as proof that England could win a tournament again.
Moore was made an inaugural inductee of the English Football Hall of Fame in 2002 in recognition of his impact on the English game as a player.
The stand replacing the south bank at West Ham's ground, the Boleyn Ground in Upton Park, was named the Bobby Moore Stand shortly after Moore's death.
On 28 April 2003, Prince Andrew as president of The Football Association unveiled the "World Cup Sculpture" (also called "The Champions") in a prominent place near the Boleyn Ground, at the junction of Barking Road and Green Street. It depicts Moore holding the Jules Rimet Trophy aloft, on the shoulders of Geoff Hurst and Ray Wilson, together with Martin Peters. The one and a half-size bronze was sculpted by Philip Jackson after a famous photograph taken just after the 1966 final at the old Wembley.
In November 2003, to celebrate UEFA's Jubilee, he was selected as the Golden Player of England by The Football Association as their most outstanding player of the past 50 years.
On Friday 11 May 2007, a statue of Bobby Moore was unveiled by Sir Bobby Charlton outside the entrance of the newly reconstructed Wembley Stadium as the "finishing touch" to the project, with the stadium officially opening on Saturday 19 May with the staging of the 2007 FA Cup Final. The twice life-size bronze statue, also sculpted by Jackson, depicts Moore looking down Wembley Way.
In August 2008 West Ham United officially retired the number 6 shirt as a mark of respect, 15 years after his death.
In film and television.
He appeared in the 1981 film "Escape to Victory" as Terry Brady and in cameo roles in several episodes of Till Death Do Us Part.
Personal life.
Moore met his first wife Tina in 1957 and they married on 30 June 1962. They lived in a house in Chigwell, Essex, called Morlands. They had a son Dean and a daughter Roberta.
They separated in 1984 divorced in 1986. He began a relationship with Stephanie Parlane-Moore (eight years his junior) after the collapse of his marriage to Tina, and they were married on 4 December 1991 until his death just over a year later.
Eighteen years after Moore's death, his son Dean was found dead in his flat on 28 July 2011. It is believed that his son, who was 43, had a medical condition and may have died from natural causes.

</doc>
<doc id="18826091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826091" title="2007 A-Division (Bhutan)">
2007 A-Division (Bhutan)

The 2007 season of the Bhutanese A-Division was the thirteenth recorded season of top flight football in Bhutan. The league was won by Transport United, their fourth title in a row and only the second time a team had achieved such a feat since Druk Pol won their fourth title in a row in 1999.
League table.
Teams played each other on a home and away basis, with the bottom two teams qualifying for a relegation playoff against the top two teams from the B-Division.
Notable results.
The league table for the season is incomplete and only a handful of results are known. However, there are a number of results which are notable due to their high scores, both involving very heavy defeats for the Royal Institute of Health and Sciences team:
In the game between Transport United and RIHS FC, Passang Tshering scored seventeen goals. Sources indicate that the most goals scored by a single player in a game is 16, scored by Panagiotis Pontikos of Olympos Xylofagou against SEK Ayios Athanasios in May 2007 and by Stephane Stanis for RC Strasbourg in the 1940s. It would appear therefore, that Pontikos, having equalled a record that had stood for over 60 years, saw it broken only a few days later.
Relegation playoffs.
The top two teams from the B-Division and the bottom two from the A-Division competed in a round robin group to determine the remaining two spots for the 2008 A-Division.

</doc>
<doc id="18826110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826110" title="2008 A-Division (Bhutan)">
2008 A-Division (Bhutan)

The 2008 season of the Bhutanese A-Division was the fourteenth recorded season of top flight football in Bhutan. The league was won by Yeedzin FC, their first ever title, and the first time a team other than Transport United had won the league in five years. Yeedzin qualified as Bhutan's representative in the 2009 AFC President's Cup.
League table.
Teams played each other on a home and away basis, there was no relegation or promotion.

</doc>
<doc id="18826118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826118" title="Lower Deeside">
Lower Deeside

Lower Deeside is a region along the River Dee in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. The boundaries of this area are subject to interpretation, since the usage has altered through historic times; however, the area is generally associated with the communities of Durris, Maryculter and Banchory-Devenick in the historic district of Kincardineshire.
Ancient history.
Prehistoric habitation of the Lower Deeside is known through archaeological sites such as Balbridie. Roman legions marched from Raedykes to Normandykes, marching through what is now termed the Lower Deeside, as they sought higher ground evading the bogs of Red Moss and other low-lying mosses associated with the Burn of Muchalls. That march used the Elsick Mounth, one of the ancient trackways crossing the Grampian Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="18826152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826152" title="Kuguhara Station">
Kuguhara Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18826183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826183" title="Victoria Frankenstein">
Victoria Frankenstein

Victoria Frankenstein may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18826188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826188" title="2002 Brunei Premier League">
2002 Brunei Premier League

Statistics of Brunei Premier League in season 2002.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and DPMM FC won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18826200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826200" title="2003 Brunei Premier League">
2003 Brunei Premier League

Statistics of Brunei Premier League in season 2003.
Overview.
It was performed in 20 teams, and Wijaya FC won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18826202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826202" title="Reuss von Plauen">
Reuss von Plauen

Reuss von Plauen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18826204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826204" title="Emanuele D'Anna">
Emanuele D'Anna

Emanuele D'Anna (born 23 May 1982 in Baiano) is an Italian footballer who plays for Benevento.
A Milan youth product, he was loaned to Chieti of Serie C2 (later promoted to Serie C1). In July 2003, he moved to Piacenza which newly relegated to Serie B in joint-ownership bid. In July 2005, he moved to another Serie B club, Arezzo. After just played 17 league matches in a season, D'Anna was loaned to Serie C1 clubs, Juve Stabia and Pisa. Arezzo relegated to Serie C1 in summer 2007, and Pisa signed D'Anna permanently. After a season with Pisa, he moved to Chievo on 4 July 2008. On January 31, 2009 he was sent back on loan to Pisa following a spell at Chievo Verona, where he found playing time hard to come by.
D'Anna sign for Benevento in July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18826206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826206" title="2004 Brunei Premier League">
2004 Brunei Premier League

Statistics of Brunei Premier League in season 2004.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and DPMM FC won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18826209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826209" title="Chayamachi Station">
Chayamachi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18826210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826210" title="2005–06 Brunei Premier League">
2005–06 Brunei Premier League

Statistics of Brunei Premier League in season 2005/2006.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and QAF FC won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18826216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826216" title="2007–08 Brunei Premier League">
2007–08 Brunei Premier League

Statistics of Brunei Premier League in season 2007/2008.
Overview.
It was performed in 12 teams, and QAF FC won the championship.
Promotion/Relegation Playoff.
to be held before start 2009 season<br>
March United n/p LLRC FT<br>
NB: cancelled as top level is reduced to 10 clubs

</doc>
<doc id="18826224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826224" title="Middle Bass, Ohio">
Middle Bass, Ohio

Middle Bass is an unincorporated community in Put-in-Bay Township, Ottawa County, Ohio, United States. It is the only town on Middle Bass Island in Lake Erie. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43446.

</doc>
<doc id="18826244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826244" title="1965 Detroit Lions season">
1965 Detroit Lions season

The 1965 Detroit Lions season was the 36th season in franchise history. Harry Gilmer replaced George Wilson as the Lions head coach. The Lions failed to improve on their 1964 record of 7–5–2, fininshing at 6–7–1.
Playoffs.
Did not qualify.

</doc>
<doc id="18826248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826248" title="Sammy Sholei">
Sammy Sholei

Sammy Sholei Tiyoi (born 18 May 1967) is a former Kenya national football team player.
Sholei began his football career in Kitale town, in the Rift Valley Province.
Sholei, a lanky and effective midfielder played for Rivatex FC and Raymonds FC (both now defunct) before moving to Kenya Breweries FC (now renamed Tusker FC).
Sholei was part of the Kenya Breweries FC team that reached the finals of the CAF Cup Winners' Cup in 1994 that failed to hang on to a 2-2 away draw to succumb to a shocking 3-0 loss at the hands of Zaire's DC Motema Pembe in the return tie in Nairobi. He retired from club and international football in 1997.
He was also a Kenya national football team player, having earned his first call up under coach Mohamed Kheri back in 1991. He earned 20 Caps for Kenya, including appearances against Algeria in 1998 FIFA World Cup qualifying on 2 June and 14 June 1996.
Sholei is currently the Chief Executive Officer of an IT firm E-World Communications, which he founded in 2005 that offers IT Consultancy.
In 2008, Sholei became an online journalist for a Kenyan soccer website KenyaFootball.

</doc>
<doc id="18826251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826251" title="1987 Detroit Lions season">
1987 Detroit Lions season

The 1987 Detroit Lions season was the 58th season in franchise history.

</doc>
<doc id="18826260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826260" title="Kirkton of Durris">
Kirkton of Durris

Kirkton of Durris is a hamlet in the Kincardine and Mearns area of Aberdeenshire, Scotland. Historic structures in the vicinity include Maryculter House, Durris House and Muchalls Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="18826267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826267" title="Hikosaki Station">
Hikosaki Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18826276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826276" title="Petplan USA">
Petplan USA

Petplan USA is a Philadelphia-based pet insurance company, providing insurance for pet owners to cover veterinary bills. Petplan is the sister company of Petplan UK, the world’s largest pet insurer and a unit of Cornhill Insurance, part of the Allianz Global Group.
Petplan is licensed to provide insurance in all 50 states and the District of Columbia, and all policies are underwritten by AGCS Marine Insurance Company, a member of the Allianz Group, rated A+ by A.M. Best (2010).
History.
Founding.
Petplan was founded in September 2003 by husband and wife entrepreneurs Chris and Natasha Ashton. They met at the University of Oxford, where they both received their Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts degrees.
Prior to moving to the United States in 2001 to attend graduate school, Chris spent seven years serving as an officer in the British Royal Marine Commandos, while Natasha spent several years working for a Greek manufacturing company, a leading international information technology recruitment firm, and launching a small import business in the UK.
In July 2001, the Ashtons moved to Philadelphia with their Birman cat, Bodaceia (Bodey), to begin working toward their MBAs at the University of Pennsylvania Wharton School of Business.Not long afterwards, Bodey became ill, and the end result was a veterinary bill for $5,000. Already saddled with student debt, the Ashtons had to juggle credit cards and move to a smaller apartment to pay for Bodey’s care.
The experience – along with the knowledge that in the Ashtons’ native Britain, nearly a quarter of pets are insured – gave them with an idea for a business plan. They submitted that plan, for a pet insurance company called PAWS, to the 2003 annual Wharton Business Plan Competition, and were part of the team that won the $20,000 grand prize.
That fall, the Ashtons incorporated Fetch Inc., which in November 2003 was awarded the exclusive license for the Petplan brand in the United States. The affiliation with Petplan UK allowed Petplan USA to access more than 30 years of actuarial data.
Early Growth.
The company took some time to get on its feet. By July 2005, the Ashtons were in debt, relying on investors and venture capital to get the company off the ground. That same month, Petplan secured American National Property and Casualty Company (ANPAC) to underwrite its policies in the United States. A year later, in July 2006, the company began selling its first policies.
Soon after, Chris Ashton approached the Wharton Entrepreneurial Program for advice on a national marketing plan and was directed to visiting lecturer Alan Abrahams, who assigned Petplan USA as a data-mining test case to his students. The students' work helped determine marketing strategies for the company, providing information on potential areas of interest. The main benefit of the data mining likely was the media coverage it attracted because according to the peer-reviewed article published by Abrahams, the goal of the data mining was to find demographic features of ZIP codes containing at least one vet.
Also in 2006, through their Wharton network, the Ashtons met Shirley and Vernon Hill, the Commerce Bank founders (who now operate Metro Bank in England) and major donors to the University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine, along with Hill's banking client, Brian Tierney, the advertising and public relations agency owner who was an entrepreneur-in-residence at Wharton that year. Hill added Petplan as an employee benefit at Commerce, and Tierney offered marketing advice. Travelocity, S.C. Johnson & Son and other employers followed Commerce, boosting Petplan's early sales.
Additionally, in 2007, the Humane Society of the United States began recommending Petplan.
By July 2007, the company was seeing double-digit growth each month, and was up to 10 employees. But then, Chris Ashton shattered his ankle and broke two ribs in a household accident. He endured several surgeries and six months of rehabilitation before he walked again. Complications from blood clots sent him back to the hospital twice.
After the accident, the Ashtons realized they had to create a stronger internal structure, and they needed partners to do it. With Chris still on crutches, they met with Hill in January 2008. Four months later, Petplan announced that Hill was the new Chairman of the Board.
Expansion.
In June 2008, Petplan hired Dr. Jules Benson, BVSc MRCVS, as Vice President of Veterinary Services.
Prior to graduating from the University of Liverpool School of Veterinary Science, Dr. Benson worked as a wildlife volunteer in Egypt and also spent time working with sheep, cattle and horses in farms across England and Wales. He moved to the United States in 2004 and settled in Bucks County, PA, where he worked in a small animal practice. 
Dr. Benson helps Petplan ensure that its policies cover the evolving medical needs of its policy holders. He also serves on the Board of Trustees for the Pennsylvania Veterinary Medical Association (PVMA) and is on the board of directors for 2nd Chance Rescue.
Continuing its effort to strengthen ties to the veterinary community, in November 2008 Petplan launched "fetch!", a glossy quarterly pet health magazine. The magazine is free to all policyholders and is available for purchase at Barnes & Noble stores, online and as an iPad or iPhone app.
In March 2010, Petplan partnered with Allianz, the world’s largest property and casualty insurer, to underwrite their policies throughout the United States. and Canada.
In April 2010, Chris and Natasha Ashton were named to the "Philadelphia Business Journal"’s prestigious annual “40 Under 40” list.
In August 2011, Petplan became the first and only pet insurance company named to "Inc. Magazine"’s list of the 500 fastest-growing companies in America. Coming in at #123, Petplan was recognized for tripling its workforce and growing its gross written premiums by more than 2,200 percent over the past three years, despite the challenging economic climate.
The employee count was expanding, too, up to 40 by the beginning of 2011, and that number continues to increase. The office itself has had to grow to accommodate the staff, so in 2010, Petplan acquired the adjacent suite in 1 International Plaza and broke through the wall to roughly double the square footage. 
In October 2011, Smart CEO magazine selected Petplan as a recipient of its 2012 “Future 50 Awards,” which celebrate the Philadelphia region's 50 fastest-growing companies based on employee and revenue growth over the past three years.
Products.
Pet Insurance.
Pet insurance covers unexpected illnesses, accident and injuries for dogs and cats. Policies provide coverage for all hereditary, congenital and chronic conditions – including cancer, diagnostic testing, prescription medications, non-routine dental treatment, MRI, CAT scan and ultrasound imaging as standard – for the life of the pet. 
Like all pet insurance companies, it does not offer coverage for pre-existing conditions, defined as those medical conditions that first occurred or showed clinical sign(s) or symptoms before the effective date of the policy or that occurred or showed clinical sign(s) or symptoms during the policy waiting period.
Premiums are calculated based on each pet’s breed, age and the cost of veterinary care in their geographic area.
Coverage.
Petplan offers three levels of coverage: Gold, which includes up to $22,000 in coverage per year; Silver ($14,000) and Bronze ($10,000). Policyholders select a $50, $100 or $200 deductible, which gets deducted from reimbursement after the co-pay has been applied; and also choose a reimbursement of 80%, 90% or 100%, once the deductible is met. 
Petplan uses a per-condition deductible. This means the selected deductible will be subtracted from the reimbursement amount for each separate condition, per policy year. If multiple claims are filed for the same condition, the deductible will only be applied once, providing all treatment took place within one policy year. If claims are filed for multiple unrelated conditions, the deductible will be applied for each claim. Both the annual limits and the selected deductible are reset at renewal. 
Petplan offers a Covered for LifeTM guarantee, which means that once a pet is insured, Petplan will cover all chronic conditions into old age, provided the policy is renewed each year without any break in coverage.
Vet-Authored Content.
Petplan also provides pet health information and resources for its policyholders in several ways via its website. In its “Virtual Clinic,” Petplan offers a Condition Checker that highlights common breed-specific ailments, and Health Tips, which break down those ailments and others, explaining the causes, symptoms and treatment options. 
Petplan’s Vets for Pets blog features seasonal advice for pet health, written by a team of veterinary professionals.
"fetch! magazine".
In November 2008, Petplan launched "fetch!" magazine, a glossy quarterly pet health magazine filled with veterinarian-authored and -reviewed content. A subscription to "fetch!" magazine is included with every pet insurance policy Petplan issues. Each issue is uniquely themed, and the article topics developed for each issue apply to both dog and cat owners.
Initially available only to Petplan policy holders and select veterinary practices, "fetch!" now has readership that exceeds 250,000. It is available at Barnes & Noble bookstores across the United States and also by subscription via Petplan’s website. In May 2011, "fetch!" also became available as an iPad or iPhone application.
Partners.
Capital BlueCross.
In late October 2011, Capital BlueCross announced it would begin selling Petplan pet insurance to its members. Premiums, deductibles and coverage levels are paid by plan members, and the policies are administered electronically by Petplan. Capital gets paid a commission on each policy.
North Shore Animal League America.
In May 2011, Petplan was selected by North Shore Animal League America, the world’s largest no-kill animal rescue and adoption organization, as their exclusive pet insurance provider. 
Petplan and NSALA make available the Adopter’s Advantage, an introductory pet insurance policy that provides 30 days of complimentary pet health insurance to all newly adopted pets from the Animal League. Adopter’s Advantage covers accidents, illnesses, surgeries and prescription medications. During this initial 30-day period, the policy provides claim coverage of up to $1,000.
Morris Animal Foundation.
Petplan is a national sponsor of Morris Animal Foundation's K9 Cancer Walk Program. The K9 Cancer Walk program was launched in 2008 to raise money for Morris Animal Foundation’s Canine Cancer Campaign, which helps dogs live longer, healthier, cancer-free lives.

</doc>
<doc id="18826284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826284" title="2000 Cambodian League">
2000 Cambodian League

Statistics of Cambodian League in season 2000.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and National Police FC won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18826294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826294" title="2006 Cambodian League">
2006 Cambodian League

Statistics of Cambodian League in season 2006.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and Khemera won the championship.
League standings.
resumed Sep 2 after a break of 4 months due to financial problems in the wake of a power struggle within the CFA which led to a temporary suspension by the AFC
league eventually played over 9 rounds instead of 18 as originally planned

</doc>
<doc id="18826297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826297" title="Bizen-Kataoka Station">
Bizen-Kataoka Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18826303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826303" title="Bryan Smith">
Bryan Smith

Bryan Smith is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18826314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826314" title="2007 Cambodian League">
2007 Cambodian League

Statistics of Cambodian League in season 2007.
Overview.
It was performed in 8 teams, and Naga Corp FC won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18826327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826327" title="Hazakawa Station">
Hazakawa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18826328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826328" title="2008 Cambodian League">
2008 Cambodian League

Statistics of Cambodian League in season 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18826342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826342" title="Velagadurru">
Velagadurru

Velagadurru, is a village in West Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Location.
Velagadurru is small village located near Tanuku, West Godavari District, AP, India. For map, Click.
Population.
There are around 2500 people living in Velagadurru with approximately 1500-1600 voters 700+ are male and 700+ female.
Railways.
The nearest rail station is Tanuku and the nearest railway junction is Tadepalligudem which is 25 km way and well connected to all routes.
Air.
The nearest airport is in Rajahmundry (30 Kilometers).
Sea.
The nearest sea location is Narsapur which is 40 km from this place.
Public transportation.
Currently there is no public transportation available to this village, however there are plenty of auto rickshaws operated from Tanuku to this village. Car taxi service is also available from Tanuku.
Schools & Colleges.
There is a primary school located in the village which is accessible to everybody up to 5th class. The present strength of the school is around 150 students with 5 teachers. Students need to go to Tadiparru which is a neighbor village 1 km away. Students usually go there by cycles for studying 6th to 10th class. For college, students needs to go to Tanuku.
Health care.
There is primary health care center is available in the village supported by the Byrraju Foundation. The health care center is open daily from morning to evening with health assistant. Physician visit the hospital daily in the afternoon.
Water.
This village has good water resources which you can directly drink from wells and hand pumps. Most of the people drink water directly from bore well. Nowadays people started using purified water supplied by Byrraju Foundation which is very economical. There is a canal passing by village and the Godavari River is 3 km away.
Source of Income.
The village is dependent on agriculture. This village has good water resources and most of the agriculture is commercial farms growing Coconut, Banana, Sugarcane and other vegetables and small amount of paddy. Farmers do a have good amount of poultry farms here.
Other Organizations.
There are other social organizations actively helping the village people such as "Sri Mudunuri Venkata Satya Narayana Raju Charitable Society" which is founded by Dr. Satya Narayana Raju who was originally from this village but now settled in the USA.
Recently "The Spandana foundation" started helping the poor and meritorious students from this village and neighboring village Tadiparru by providing Books and Uniforms.
People Migration.
People from this village have migrated to different parts of the world for both education and employment purposes. Nowadays people are getting awareness about the importance of education and every one is trying to make their children well educated.
Economical.
This village has many economically forward people when compared to rest of the places. Though not all people are rich, you can find good amount of wealthy people here because of the fertile lands they have.

</doc>
<doc id="18826348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826348" title="Tsuneyama Station">
Tsuneyama Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18826362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826362" title="Hachihama Station">
Hachihama Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18826383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826383" title="Bizen-Tai Station">
Bizen-Tai Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18826385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826385" title="Michael Hooper">
Michael Hooper

Michael Wrenford Hooper (born 2 May 1941) is a retired Anglican bishop in the Church of England. He was the suffragon Bishop of Ludlow from 2002 to 2009. 
Hooper was educated at the Crypt School, Gloucester and the University of Wales, Lampeter. He was ordained in 1966 and became a curate at St Mary Magdalene's Bridgnorth and was then, successively, priest in charge at Habberley; Rural Dean of Pontesbury, and then Leominster; and finally, before his ordination to the episcopate, the Archdeacon of Hereford. He is married with four children.

</doc>
<doc id="18826387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826387" title="Peter Cain (artist)">
Peter Cain (artist)

Peter Cain (born 1959, Orange, New Jersey; died January 5, 1997, New York, New York) was an artist who is best known for his meticulously executed paintings and drawings of surreal and aberrant versions of automobiles. His style has been said to combine aspects of Surrealism, Photorealism, and the art of James Rosenquist. He is of the same generation of painters who came to prominence in the 1990s such as Elizabeth Peyton, John Currin, Peter Doig, and Karen Kilimnik. He died at age thirty seven of a cerebral hemorrhage having completed sixty-three paintings over the course of his short career. He was represented by the Matthew Marks Gallery in New York during his lifetime.
Work.
Cain studied at New York's Parsons School of Design from 1977–1980 and the School of Visual Arts from 1980-1982. His early paintings derived their subjects from advertisements for rare and vintage automobiles, 1960s "muscle cars," high end sports coupes, and luxury sedans. He often began by collaging the source material to produce a distorted, abbreviated version of the car's original form. He then used these collages as studies for his paintings. In "Pathfinder", included in the 1993 Whitney Biennial (1992–93, oil on linen), Cain merged the front fender and headlights of a black SUV with the rear third of the vehicle. The car’s hood, front doors and cab have completely disappeared, and the newly transmogrified Pathfinder has then been tipped up on its trunk against a solid white ground. Writing on a similar painting, critic Jerry Saltz said that the car paintings “cleverly question the nature of intelligence by presenting the image of a ‘thing’ that is knowable and unclassifiable in a painting that is like a filmstrip of a painting all collapsed and run together in to a single dense frame.”
In 1996, Cain turned his attention from cars to Los Angeles gas stations and convenience stores a year before his death. These landscapes are void of any human presence; Cain even erased logos and type from the numerous signs which inhabit such places. The face that greets Los Angeles car culture is eerily blank, and what can be understood as foliage is rendered in micro-faceted and hallucinogenic masses of green paint. The gas stations are spare in painterly incident, but redolent of narrative possibilities. When the Los Angeles paintings had their posthumous premier at the Matthew Marks Gallery in 1997, critics praised them for challenging the conventional wisdom that painting’s capacity to express genuine emotion was long gone. Peter Schjeldahl lamented, “I had trouble with Cain’s car pictures while being enchanted by the promise of his painterly gifts and ambition. Now we see the beginning of the promise’s fulfillment in the same instant as its end: an exceptional talent nipped in mid-blossoming, just short of full bloom. ”
Exhibitions.
Peter Cain’s work has been the subject of several solo shows at the Matthew Marks Gallery and was included in the 1993 and 1995 Whitney Biennials.

</doc>
<doc id="18826399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826399" title="Irene (play)">
Irene (play)

Irene is a Neoclassical tragedy written between 1726 and 1749 by Samuel Johnson. It has the distinction of being the work Johnson considered his greatest failure. Since his death, the critical consensus has been that he was right to think so.
"Irene" was Johnson's only play, and was first performed on 6 February 1749 in a production by his friend and former pupil, David Garrick. The play was a commercial success and earned Johnson more money than anything else he had written up to that point. It was never revived during his lifetime, and there is no subsequent evidence of any other full-scale productions of "Irene" anywhere until 1999, making it one of the most unsuccessful plays ever written by a major author.
Background.
Johnson began writing "Irene" around 1726 when he first began to work in his father's bookshop. While in the bookshop he befriended Gilbert Walmesley, the Registrar of the Ecclesiastical Court of Lichfield. Johnson would discuss "Irene" with Walmesley, and read him some of the early drafts. At one point, Walmesley told Johnson that "he was making Irene suffer so much in the first part of the play that there would be nothing left for her to suffer in the later part". Johnson joked that there was "enough in reserve... I intend to put my heroine into the ecclesiastical court of Lichfield which will fill up the utmost measure of human calamity".
Johnson wrote a considerable part of "Irene" in 1737 while teaching at Edial Hall School, the academy he had founded in 1735. Johnson spent his evenings working on his play while ignoring his wife Elizabeth (known as Tetty). This provoked David Garrick, his student, to perform a skit mocking the incidents, although the incidents he portrayed were more than likely his own fabrications. However, the play was written mostly for Mrs. Johnson; she was fond of it and hoped it would be a success. Her belief in the play inspired Johnson to finish it and push to have it performed. When Edial Hall failed, Johnson travelled to London and brought the unfinished manuscript with him. In 1737, Johnson tried to submit "Irene" to Charles Fleetwood, the owner-manager of the Theatre Royal Drury Lane, but Fleetwood rejected it on the grounds that there was no patron and his theatre was catering to other types of performances. Johnson tried in 1741 to have the unperformed play printed, but this too failed. He seems to have continued to revise it over the next several years, since a manuscript notebook contains draft material made not earlier than June 1746.
It was not until Garrick took over as manager of Drury Lane Theatre that the play was guaranteed a production. By this point Johnson was hard at work on his "Dictionary", but he found time for further work on "Irene".
Play.
Johnson's main source for the story of "Irene" was Richard Knolles's "Generall Historie of the Turkes" (1603), although he also made some use of George Sandys's "Relation of a Journey...containing a Description of the Turkish Empire" (1615), Herbelot's "Bibliothèque Orientale" (1697) and Humphrey Prideaux's "Life of Mahomet" (1697).
In Knolles's work, the Sultan Mahomet conquers Constantinople in 1453 and captures a Greek Christian named Irene. He decides to take her as his mistress, and while pursuing her romantically he ignores his duties as a monarch. Soon, the kingdom is falling apart from neglect and the subjects begin to riot, so Mahomet kills Irene to prove his dedication to his people. Johnson alters the story to emphasise the theme of Irene's temptation. His Mahomet offers Irene a deal: if she becomes a Muslim, he will preserve her life and give her power at his court.IRENE:<br>Forbear — O do not urge me to my ruin!<br>MAHOMET:<br>To state and pow'r I court thee, not to ruin:<br>Smile on my wishes, and command the globe.<br>Security shall spread her shield before thee,<br>And Love infold thee with his downy wings.<br>("Irene" II. vii ll. 79–83)
Johnson goes on to emphasise how the pursuit of worldly power tends to corrupt. After Irene has accepted the Sultan's offer and abandoned her religious faith, she falls out with her virtuous friend Aspasia:ASPASIA:<br>Ah! let me rather seek the convent's cell;<br>There where my thoughts, at intervals of pray'r,<br>Descend to range these mansions of misfortune,<br>Oft' shall I dwell on our disastrous friendship,<br>And shed the pitying tear for lost Irene.<br>IRENE:<br>Go, languish on in dull obscurity;<br>Thy dazzled soul with all its boasted greatness,<br>Shrinks at th' o'erpow'ring gleams of regal state,<br>Stoops from the blaze like a degenerate eagle,<br>And flies for shelter to the shades of life.<br>("Irene" III. viii. ll. 93–102)
As a result of her decision to become Mahomet's queen, Irene becomes ensnared in a complex power struggle between his various advisors: the First Visier Cali Bassa, the Aga Mustapha, and the officer Abdalla, who is suffering from unrequited love for Aspasia. Mahomet becomes convinced that Bassa, with Irene's complicity, is plotting against him. Two of Abdalla's captains kill Irene, but with her dying words she reveals that Bassa's true accomplice was the Greek soldier Demetrius, Aspasia's lover, who has safely escaped with his loved one. On learning that Irene had not been conspiring against him, Mahomet is distraught:MAHOMET:<br>Robb'd of the maid, with whom I wish'd to triumph,<br>No more I burn for fame or for dominion;<br>Success and conquest now are empty sounds,<br>Remorse and anguish seize on all my breast;<br>Those groves, whose shades embower'd the dear Irene,<br>Heard her last cries, and fann'd her dying beauties,<br>Shall hide me from the tasteless world for ever.<br>("Irene" V. xii. ll. 42–48)
The play is written in blank verse but, as Walter Jackson Bate claims, "reads like heroic couplets from which the rhyme has been removed, and couplets in which the poet has so much anxiety to keep a strict regularity of meter that other considerations – even of style and rhythm alone – become sacrificed." It is evident from the scansion of the above lines that Johnson pronounced "Irene" in its Classical form with three syllables, , and not in the contemporary form .
Stage history.
David Garrick's acceptance of "Irene" for production prompted Johnson to finish rewriting the play. Garrick changed the play's title to Mahomet and Irene, and requested changes that would make the play more acceptable to his sense of theatrical style. Johnson was initially opposed to the changes and complained that Garrick "wants me to make Mahomet run mad, that he may have an opportunity of tossing his hands and kicking his heels". Johnson's friend John Taylor resolved the dispute and Johnson ultimately carried out Garrick's suggestions, which included revising Irene's death scene so that she would be strangled onstage, instead of offstage as originally written.
"Mahomet and Irene" opened on 6 February 1749. Elizabeth Johnson was unable to attend the performance because of illness. Johnson arrived at the theatre in the kind of clothing he considered as the "distinction of dress" required of a playwright; he wore "a scarlet waistcoat with gold lace and a gold-laced hat". The Prologue "soothed the audience, and the play went off tolerably, till it came to the conclusion". The conclusion in question was Irene's onstage strangulation, which upset the audience and provoked shouts of "Murder!". The actress quickly left the stage; for all successive performances Garrick restored Johnson's original ending.
The play was performed for nine nights, by the standards of 18th century London a very respectable run. Johnson received £195 17s. for the performances. Robert Dodsley published the playscript on 16 February 1749 and Johnson received an additional £100. Perhaps ironically, in view of its later eclipse, this made "Irene" the most financially lucrative work Johnson had yet written: during this period of his career, only the "Dictionary" earned him more money.
Cast.
Hannah Pritchard played the role of Irene and Garrick cast himself in the role of Demetrius. Other notable actors in the play's original cast were Susannah Maria Arne (using her professional name "Mrs. Cibber") as Aspasia and Spranger Barry as Mahomet.
The complete cast list, according to the first edition, is as follows:
Critical response.
"Irene" has never been the most admired of Johnson's works. Even James Boswell found it wanting:Analysed into parts, it will furnish a rich store of noble sentiments, fine imagery, and beautiful language; but it is deficient in pathos, in that delicate power of touching the human feelings, which is the principle end of the drama. Indeed Garrick has complained to me, that Johnson not only had not the faculty of producing the impressions of tragedy, but that he had not the sensibility to perceive them. Johnson's friend Bennet Langton recorded the author's own later disenchantment with the piece:At another time, when one was reading his tragedy "Irene" to a company at a house in the country, he left the room; and somebody having asked him the reason of this, he replied, "Sir, I thought it had been better."' The early 20th century consensus of opinion was summed up by George Sampson in 1941: "Of his early tragedy "Irene" [... it is enough to say that its moral dialogues, its correctness of plan and its smoothness of verse do not suffice to give it any rank as drama." T. S. Eliot suggested an explanation for the play's unpopularity and neglect:His verse has none of the dramatic qualities; it is correct, but correctness in such isolation becomes itself a fault. The play would be more readable to-day, if he had written it in rhyme; the whole would be more easily declaimed, and the good things more easily remembered; it would lose none of its excellence of structure, thought, vocabulary and figures of speech. What would be mellifluous in rhyme, is merely monotonous without it.
F.R. Leavis argued that Boswell's criticisms of the play – "that has no sense of the theatre, and worse, cannot present or conceive his themes dramatically" – were "obvious", and that "Irene" was a failure because Johnson's best poetry (such as "The Vanity of Human Wishes") was "a poetry of statement, exposition and reflection: nothing could be remoter from the Shakespearean use of language [... than the Johnsonian." Like Eliot, Leavis suggested that the play might have been better if Johnson had not been determined to write it in blank verse:He is clearly determined that "his" verse shall not be changed into the 'periods of a declaimer', and that it shall not be said that the audience cannot easily perceive 'where the lines end or begin' (see his remarks on blank-verse in the "Life of Milton"). In couplets, of course, he couldn't have written so dismally. With the absence of rhyme and of the movement goes the absence of wit. And without the wit he is without the Johnsonian weight. Johnson biographer Walter Jackson Bate has attempted to defend "Irene", arguing that the reason why it is considered so bad is that the reader cannot help being aware that "it is by one of the masters of English prose style (who also had a powerful command of one kind of poetic style), and it is also by one of the supreme critics of literature in whatever language". Bate claims that if contemporary readers were able to encounter the play without knowing who had written it, "it would not seem too bad"; but since we cannot forget Johnson's achievements in other fields of literature, reading "Irene" is an especially depressing experience: "the heart begins after a while to sink except in the most resolute Johnsonian, and sometimes even then."

</doc>
<doc id="18826405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826405" title="Philippe Cattiau">
Philippe Cattiau

Philippe Cattiau (July 28, 1892 – February 18, 1962) was a French fencer who won a total of eight Olympic medals between 1920 and 1936.
He was born in Saint-Malo in Brittany.
A stadium in the Paris suburb of Villeneuve-la-Garenne now bears his name.

</doc>
<doc id="18826406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826406" title="Thraliana">
Thraliana

The Thraliana was a diary kept by Hester Thrale and is part of the genre known as table talk. Although the work began as Thrale's diary focused on her experience with her family, it slowly changed focus to emphasise various anecdotes and stories about the life of Samuel Johnson. The work was used as a basis for Thrale's "Anecdotes of the Late Samuel Johnson", but the "Thraliana" remained unpublished until 1942. The anecdotes contained within the work were popular with Thrale's contemporaries but seen as vulgar. Among 20th century readers, the work was popular, and many literary critics believe that the work is a valuable contribution to the genre and for providing information about Johnson's and her own life.
Background.
Hester Thrale, when still Hester Lynch Salusbury, spent her youth writing letters and keeping journals. Her talents at writing won her the respect of her uncles, Sir Robert Cotton and Sir Thomas Salusbury, who later appointed her their heir. When Thrale was older, she became close to Johnson. It was natural to her to keep a detailed collection of anecdotes and stories of their time together, as of everything she experienced. The two initially bonded after Thrale gave birth to her first child, Queeney, in 1766. 
However, there were problems between Thrale and Johnson, along with "his defenders" during his life and in criticism since then, over their "gradual estrangement" from each other after the death of her husband. These problems were then heightened by her marriage to Gabriel Piozzi. After Johnson's death, Thrale felt isolated because she believed that Johnson's previous friends along with the public as a whole did not accept her, and some went so far as to claim she abandoned Johnson in his final moments. In particular, James Boswell, who resented Thrale and felt himself as her literary competitor, began to exploit the falling out between Thrale and Johnson's friends in order to promote his "Life of Samuel Johnson".
After the birth of Queeney, Thrale began to document the various moments in her daughter's life in a "baby book" called "The Children's Book". The work eventually expanded to include documentation of the whole family and was retitled the "Family Book". To encourage his wife's writing her husband Henry Thrale gave her six blank diary books, with the title "Thraliana" on the cover, in 1776. The work was intended as an Ana, which she admits her fascination with in the "Thraliana": "I am grown quite mad after these French Anas; Anecdote is in itself so seducing". After searching for English models for writing her Ana, she settled on used John Selden's "Table Talk", William Camden's "Remains", and Joseph Spence's "Anecdotes" as her guides. In May 1778, she was given by Johnson a manuscript of Spence's "Anecdotes", but her first years of the Ana were written without an exact model.
Before the "Thraliana", Thrale kept two sets of anecdotes: the first was devoted to Samuel Johnson and the other for miscellaneous events. She relied on these, along with her memory, to write the early portions of her work. Boswell, when trying to find information for his own work, wrote: "Mr. Thrale told me, I am not sure what day, that there is a Book of "Johnsoniana" kept int heir Family, in which all Mr. Johnson's sayings and all that they can collect about him is put down ... I must try to get this "Thralian" Miscellany, to assist me in writing Mr. Johnson's Life, if Mrs. Thrale does not intend to do it herself." After Johnson's death, Thrale used the "Thraliana" to create the "Anecdotes of the Late Samuel Johnson" (1786). The manuscript passed through many hands and was owned by A. Edward Newton until his death in autumn 1940. The "Thraliana" was eventually published in 1942, and it was produced by the Clarendon Press in England while its editor, Katharine Balderston, was prohibited from travelling across the ocean from Wellesley College because of World War II.
Ana.
Thrale explains that her book is not for "diary-keeping in the strict sense" when she writes: "It is many Years since Doctor Samuel Johnson advised me to get a little Book, and write in it all the little Anecdotes which might come to my Knowledge, all the Observations I might make or hear; all the Verses never likely to be published, and in fine ev'ry thing which struck me at the Time. Mr Thrale has now treated me with a Repository, - and provided it with the pompous Title of Thraliana; I must endeavour to fill it with Nonsense new and old." These encouraging remarks from Johnson set the theme of the work as it became a new "Johnsoniana" collection. In particular, she transferred her previous notes and documentations about Johnson's life into the collection.
In a 6 September 1777 letter, Johnson told Thrale to be "punctual in annexing the dates. Chronology you know is the eye of history". However, the system of Ana allowed Thrale to group items by theme instead of by topics, like "Odd medical Stories", to organize anecdotes, quotations, and stories. When Henry Thrale died while Thrale was writing Volume Three, the work became a diary for Thrale to discuss her thoughts and feelings after her loss. This volume soon began to describe Thrale's feelings for Gabriel Piozzi. Throughout the "Thraliana", Thrale examines how others view her, which reveals her anxieties that she had about how she was perceived. This is especially true when she writes: "Life has been to me nothing but a perpetual "Canvass" carried on in all parts of the World - not to make "Friends" neither - for I have certainly found very few - but to keep off "Enemies"". Thrale initially did not want to write in the sixth volume of the "Thraliana", but did so because "Johnson said that Pleasure might one day be made from such Nonsense, so I'll e'en finish this "last" Volume of Anecdote & store up no more Stuff". However, she did not stop journal writing after she finished like she claimed, but instead continued on writing for the rest of her life.
Critical response.
Thrale's anecdotes were popular when they were first published in various works, but many readers initially thought that her "relaxed and natural style" was vulgar. However, Martine Brownley points out that this style helped win over 20th century readers even though the work suffered from "unevenness". Katherine Balderston regards the work as "what was almost, if not quite, the first English ana". James Clifford declared that "there is much valuable evidence about the great man," Samuel Johnson, within the "Thraliana". He also stated that the work, along with her "Anecdotes of the Late Samuel Johnson", "established her reputation as a bluestocking writer of the late eighteenth century. Edward Bloom et al. claim that the "Thraliana", as with her letters, lays "bare a woman's psychology".

</doc>
<doc id="18826407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826407" title="Uno Station">
Uno Station

The station was formerly the start of a JNR ferry that went over the Inland Sea to Takamatsu Station before the Great Seto Bridge was built.
History.
The station opened on June 12, 1910.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18826434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826434" title="1994 Chinese Taipei National Football League">
1994 Chinese Taipei National Football League

Statistics of Chinese Taipei National Football League in season 1994.
Overview.
It was performed in 8 teams, and Tatung won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18826440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826440" title="Uematsu Station">
Uematsu Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18826456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826456" title="1997 Chinese Taipei National Football League">
1997 Chinese Taipei National Football League

Statistics of Chinese Taipei National Football League in season 1997.
Overview.
It was performed in 8 teams, and Taipower won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18826473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826473" title="Kimi Station">
Kimi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18826474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826474" title="2000–01 Chinese Taipei National Football League">
2000–01 Chinese Taipei National Football League

Statistics of Chinese Taipei National Football League in season 2000/2001.
Overview.
It was performed in 7 teams, and Taipower won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18826478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826478" title="Colgate Theatre">
Colgate Theatre

Colgate Theatre is a 30-minute dramatic television anthology series telecast on NBC during 1949 and 1958 for a total of 50 episodes in two different formats. 

</doc>
<doc id="18826487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826487" title="Hoosier Hills Conference">
Hoosier Hills Conference

State Champions.
IHSAA State Champions

</doc>
<doc id="18826489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826489" title="Roman Catholic devotions to Jesus Christ">
Roman Catholic devotions to Jesus Christ

The Roman Catholic tradition includes a number of devotions to Jesus Christ. Like all Catholic devotions, these prayer forms are not part of the official public liturgy of the Church but are based on the popular spiritual practices of Roman Catholics. Many are officially approved by the Holy See as suitable for spiritual growth but not necessary for salvation.
Some devotions arise from private revelations, or personal religious experiences of saints. The Church has a tradition of thorough investigation of such private revelations and the lives of candidates for sainthood to assure that no natural or scientific explanation can, at the time of investigation, account for any miracles involved. Often an approved devotion of the Church has a particular prayer form, an image and sometimes specific promises for those who follow the devotion.
Devotion to the Holy Name of Jesus.
The Holy Name of Jesus refers to the theological and devotional use of the name of Jesus. The reverence and affection with which Christians have regarded the Holy Name of Jesus goes back to the earliest days of Christianity. The devotions and venerations also extend to the IHS christogram (a monogram of the Holy Name), derived from the Greek word for Jesus ΙΗΣΟΥΣ, or referring to "Iesus Hominum Salvator", Jesus saviour of mankind, representing the Holy Name.
Devotions to the Holy Name of Jesus exist both in Eastern and Western Christianity. The feast day is celebrated either as the Feast of the Holy Name of Jesus or as that of Circumcision of Jesus, in various Christian churches.
The Gospel of Matthew provides a specific meaning and intention for the name Jesus (as the one who "saves his people from sin") and indicates that it was selected by Heavenly guidance. For centuries, Christians have invoked the Holy Name, and have believed that there is intrinsic power in the name of Jesus. St. Paul says, " ...at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of those that are in heaven, on earth, and under the earth" (Philippians 2:10).
Eucharistic adoration.
In the Roman Catholic tradition, at the moment of Consecration the elements (or "gifts" as they are termed for liturgical purposes) are transformed (Transubstantiation) into the actual Body and Blood of Christ. Catholic doctrine holds that the elements are not only spiritually transformed, but rather are actually (substantially) transformed into the Body and Blood of Christ. It is held that although the elements retain the appearance or "accidents" of bread and wine, they are indeed the actual Body, Blood, Soul, and Divinity of Christ. This is one form of the doctrine of Real Presence—the actual, substantive presence of Jesus in the Eucharist.
One of the first possible references to reserving the Blessed Sacrament for adoration is found in a life of St. Basil (who died in 379). The Franciscan archives credit Saint Francis of Assisi (who died in 1226) for starting Eucharistic Adoration in Italy.
The lay practice of adoration formally began in Avignon, France on September 11, 1226. The Venerable Leo Dupont initiated the nightly adoration of the Blessed Sacrament in Tours in 1849, from where it spread within France. Leo Dupont interacted with Saint Peter Julian Eymard, who formed the Congregation of the Blessed Sacrament in 1858. The same year, Eymard (also known as the Apostle of the Eucharist) and sister Marguerite Guillot formed the Servants of the Blessed Sacrament which now maintains houses on several continents where continuous Eucharistic adoration takes place.
Holy Hour.
In the Holy Hour devotion an uninterrupted hour in spent in Eucharistic adoration in the presence of the Blessed Sacrament. The official "Raccolta" book provides indulgences for this practice.
The inspiration for the Holy Hour is . In the Gospel of Matthew, during the agony in the Garden of Gethsemane the night before his crucifixion, Jesus spoke to his disciples, saying "My soul is sorrowful even to death. Remain here and keep watch with me." (Matthew 26:38) Returning to the disciples after prayer, he found them asleep and in Matthew 26:40 he asked Peter,"So, could you men not keep watch with me for an hour?"
Holy Wounds.
The five Holy Wounds of Christ were the five piercing wounds inflicted upon Jesus during his crucifixion. Two of the wounds were either through the hands or the lower wrists, two were through the feet, and the final wound was in the side of Jesus' chest, where, according to the New Testament, his body was pierced by a lance in order to be sure that he was dead. The Gospel of John states that blood and water poured out of this wound (). These wounds are not explicitly mentioned in any of the canonical Gospels until the Resurrection, although John the Evangelist states that no bones were broken. The Crusades brought a renewed enthusiasm for religious devotion, especially for the Passion of Christ.
Rosary of the Holy Wounds.
The Rosary of the Holy Wounds was first introduced at the beginning of the 20th century by the Venerable Sister Mary Martha Chambon, a Roman Catholic nun of the "Monastery of the Visitation Order" in Chambéry, France. It is different from the usual Rosary in that it does not follow the traditional rosary mysteries in sequence. She reported that Jesus appeared to her and asked her to unite her sufferings with His as an Act of Reparation for the sins of the world. She attributed this form of Rosary to Jesus during her Visions of Jesus Christ, saying that Jesus considered it an important Act of Reparation for his wounds in Calvary. She reported that Jesus told her ""When you offer My Holy Wounds for sinners, you must not forget to do so for the souls in Purgatory, as there are but few who think of their relief . . . The Holy Wounds are the treasure of treasures for the souls in Purgatory.""
Prayer to the shoulder wound of Jesus.
The Shoulder Wound and devotion is attributed to Saint Bernard of Clairvaux According to St. Bernard, he asked Jesus which was His greatest unrecorded suffering and the wound that inflicted the most pain on Him in Calvary and Jesus answered, "I had on My Shoulder, while I bore My Cross on the Way of Sorrows, a grievous Wound which was more painful than the others and which is not recorded by men. Honor this Wound with thy devotion and I will grant thee whatsoever thou dost ask through its virtue and merit."
Stations of the Cross.
The Stations of the Cross refers to the depiction of the final hours (or Passion) of Jesus, and the devotion commemorating the Passion. The tradition as chapel devotion began with St. Francis of Assisi and extended throughout the Roman Catholic Church in the medieval period. It became popular in the eleventh century, at a time when much Christian attention was focused on the Holy Land but few were able to actually visit. Great numbers of Europeans found an equivalent to walking the Via Dolorosa in following Christ's footsteps in spirit. The practice of the Stations of the Cross was a kind of miniature pilgrimage. The object of the Stations is to help the faithful to make a spiritual pilgrimage of prayer, through meditating upon the chief scenes of Christ's sufferings and death.
Sacred Heart.
Formal references to this devotion began to first appear in the eleventh and twelfth centuries. However, the most significant source for the devotion to the Sacred Heart in the form it is known today was Visitandine Saint Margaret Mary Alacoque (1647–1690), who claimed to have received visions of Jesus and Mary and that Jesus had permitted her to rest her head on his Heart. There is nothing to indicate that she had known the devotion prior to then, or at least that she had paid any attention to it.
After the requesting letters of Blessed Mary of the Divine Heart (1863–1899), on 11 June 1899, Pope Leo XIII solemnly consecrated all mankind to the Sacred Heart of Jesus. The Feast of the Sacred Heart is now a holy day in the Roman Catholic liturgical calendar, and is celebrated 19 days after Pentecost.
In the Roman Catholic tradition, the Sacred Heart has been closely associated with Acts of Reparation to Jesus Christ.
In his encyclical "Miserentissimus Redemptor" Pope Pius XI stated: ""the spirit of expiation or reparation has always had the first and foremost place in the worship given to the Most Sacred Heart of Jesus"".
Precious Blood.
The devotion to the Precious Blood was a special phenomenon of Flemish piety in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries, that gave rise to the iconic image of Grace as the ""Fountain of Life,"" filled with blood, pouring from the wounded ""Lamb of God"" or the ""Holy Wounds"" of Christ. The image, which was the subject of numerous Flemish paintings was in part spurred by the renowned relic of the Precious Blood, which had been noted in Bruges since the twelfth century and which gave rise, from the late thirteenth century, to the observances, particular to Bruges, of the procession of the ""Saint Sang"" from its chapel. Precious Blood Prayer: May the most Precious Blood which flowed from the most Holy wounds of our loving Lord Jesus pour over us, to wash, cleanse, purify, heal, guide, and protect us from all evil, harm, sickness, and bless and make us as Holy as we can be. We ask this in the Holy name of Jesus and through His most Precious Blood and His most Holy wounds. Amen.
Infant Jesus of Prague.
The Infant Jesus of Prague is a famous statue of infant Jesus in the Church of Our Lady Victorious in Malá Strana, Prague. The exact origin of the Infant Jesus statue was not truly known, but historical sources point to a small 28 cm high sculpture of the Holy Child with a bird in his right hand carved in around the year 1340. Many other Infant Jesus sculptures were also carved by famous masters throughout Europe in the Middle Ages. The tradition of the Infant Jesus procession and the coronation continues to this day. On May 27, 1995, a solemn procession of the Infant Jesus took place in the streets of Prague with Cardinal Sin of Manila (Philippines) and Cardinal Vlk of Prague leading the procession. This ceremony was the closing highlight of the annual Feast of the Infant Jesus in Prague. The devotion is also widespread in Ireland.
Holy Face of Jesus.
This devotion dates back to Sister Marie of St. Peter, a Carmelite nun in Tours France who in 1843 reported visions of Jesus and Mary in which she was urged to spread the devotion to the Holy Face of Jesus, in reparation for the many insults Jesus suffered in His Passion. This resulted in The Golden Arrow Holy Face Devotion (Prayer).
The devotion was further spread from Tours by the efforts of the Venerable Leo Dupont (known as the Apostle of the Holy Face) who prayed for the establishment of the devotion for 30 years, burning a lamp before a painted image of Jesus. The devotion was initiated shortly before Dupont's death and later influenced Saint Therese of Lisieux. Pope Leo XIII approved of the devotion in 1885.
On the first Friday in Lent 1936, Sister Maria Pierina de Micheli, a nun born near Milan in Italy, reported a vision in which Jesus told her: ""I will that My Face, which reflects the intimate pains of My Spirit, the suffering and the love of My Heart, be more honored. He who meditates upon Me, consoles Me"". Further visions reportedly urged her to make a medal with the Holy Face based on the image from Secondo Pia's photograph of the Shroud of Turin.
In 1958, Pope Pius XII approved of the devotion and the Holy Face medal and confirmed the Feast of the Holy Face of Jesus as Shrove Tuesday (the Tuesday before Ash Wednesday) for all Roman Catholics.
Divine Mercy.
The Chaplet of the Divine Mercy is based on the visions of Polish nun and canonized saint, Sister Faustina Kowalska (1905–1938), known as the "Apostle of Mercy". The chaplet is often said as a "rosary-based prayer" with the same set of rosary beads used for reciting the Holy Rosary or the Chaplet of Holy Wounds. However, the chaplet may also be said without beads, usually by counting prayers on the fingertips.
According to Sister Faustina's visions, written in her diary, the chaplet's prayers for Mercy are threefold: to obtain Mercy, to trust in Christ's Mercy, and to show Mercy to others. Still, according to Sister Faustina's visions, Jesus Christ promised that all who recite this chaplet at the hour of death or in the presence of the dying will receive great Mercy.
Virtually all of us know of St. Faustina and our Lord's apparitions to her, which brought about the Feast of Divine Mercy, the Divine Mercy Chaplet, and the Icon of the Divine Mercy above. However, St. Faustina wrote down the Lord's words to her (all approved by the Church as authentic) and one was of the need to make time for at least a moment of "prayer at three o'clock everyday". Here are Our Lord's Words as recorded in St. Faustina's diary:
My daughter, try your best to make the Stations of the Cross in this hour, provided that your duties permit it; and if you are not able to make the Stations of the Cross, then at least step into the chapel for a moment and adore, in the Most Blessed Sacrament, My Heart, which is Full of Mercy; and should you be unable to step into the chapel, immerse yourself in prayer there where you happen to be, if only for a very brief instant. (1572)
1320 At three o'clock, implore My Mercy, especially for sinners; and, if only for a brief moment, immerse yourself in My Passion, particularly in my abandonment at the moment of agony. This is the hour of great Mercy for the whole world. I will allow you to enter into my mortal sorrow. In this hour, I will refuse nothing to the soul that makes a request of me in virtue of My Passion.
1572 I remind you my daughter that as often as you hear the clock strike the third hour, immerse yourself completely in My Mercy, adoring and glorifying it; invoke Its Omnipotence for the whole world, and particularly for poor sinners; for at that moment Mercy was opened wide for every soul.
Start with the Apostles' Creed, 1 Our Father, 3 Hail Marys
On the large bead before each decade (1X):
'"Eternal Father,
"'I offer you the Body and Blood,
Soul and Divinity, of Your Dearly Beloved Son, Our Lord, Jesus Christ,
'in atonement for our sins and those of the whole world.'
On the ten small beads of each decade (10X), say:
For the sake of His sorrowful Passion,
have mercy on us and on the whole world.'
Conclude with (Say 3 Times):
'Holy God,
Holy Mighty One,
Holy Immortal One,
have mercy on us and on the whole world
Optional Closing Prayer'"
Eternal God, in whom mercy is endless and the treasury of compassion inexhaustible, look kindly upon us and increase Your mercy in us, that in difficult moments we might not despair nor become despondent, but with great confidence submit ourselves to Your holy will, which is Love and Mercy itself."'
Pope John Paul II was instrumental in the formal establishment of the Divine Mercy devotion and acknowledged the efforts of the Marian Fathers in its promotion in a Papal Blessing in 2001, the 70th anniversary of the revelation of the Divine Mercy Message and Devotion.
Acts of Reparation.
Some devotions have the form of spirit of reparation for the sufferings and insults that Jesus endured during His Passion or for the sin of blasphemy.
Pope John Paul II referred to such Acts of Reparation to Jesus Christ as the ""unceasing effort to stand beside the endless crosses on which the Son of God continues to be crucified"". Pope Pius XI called these Acts of Reparation ""some sort of compensation to be rendered for the injury"" with respect to the sufferings of Jesus.

</doc>
<doc id="18826497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826497" title="Kaminochō Station">
Kaminochō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18826507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826507" title="List of contemporary accounts of Samuel Johnson's life">
List of contemporary accounts of Samuel Johnson's life

This article lists all known accounts of the British writer Samuel Johnson's life written by his contemporaries. They are listed by date of publication.
Autobiographies.
Annals.
The "Annals: An Account of the Life of Dr. Samuel Johnson, from his Birth to his Eleventh Year, written by himself" were written by Samuel Johnson and kept in manuscript form until 1805, when it was printed by Nichols and Son in London.
Accounts.
Biography, as Johnson told the famous Shakespeare critic Edmond Malone, while discussion his own biographies (like his "Preface to Shakespeare" and his "Lives of the Most Eminent English Poets"), must be objective:
"If nothing but the bright side of characters should be shewn, we should sit down in despondency, and think it utterly impossible to imitate them in "anything". The sacred writers (he observed) related the vicious as well as the virtuous actions of men; which had this moral effect, that it kept mankind from "despair".
Hester Thrale described the possible biographers to Johnson on 18 July 1773: 
"We chatted on about Authors till we talked of him himself, when he frankly owned he had never worked willingly in his Life "Man or Boy" nor ever did fairly make an Effort to do his best except three Times whilst he was at School, nor that he ever made it his Custom to read any of his Writings before he sent it to Press - Well now said I that will not be believed, even if your Biographer should relate it, which too perhaps he will not: I wonder said he who will be my Biographer? Goldsmith to be sure I replied if you should go first - and he would do it better than any body. - but then he would do maliciously says Johnson - As for that answer I we should all fasten upon him & make him do Justice in spite of himself. but the worst is the Doctor does not know your Life, nor in Truth can I tell who does, unless it be Taylor of Ashbourne: why Taylor is certainly said he well enough acquainted with my History at Oxford, which I believe he has nearly to himself, but Doctor James can give a better Account of my early Days than most Folks, except Mr Hector of Birmingham & little Doctor Adams. After my coming to London you will be at a Loss again; though Jack Hawkesworth and Baretti both, with who I lived quite familiarly, can tell pretty nearly all my Adventures from the Year 1753. however I intend to disappoint the Dogs, and either outlive them all or write my Life myself. But for a Johnsoniana cried I we will defy you at least; Boswell & Baretti; & myself from Time to Time have a trick of writing down Anecdotes Bons mots &c. & Doctor Percy will be busy at this work I warrant him: He would replied Mr Johnson, but I have purposely suffered him to be misled, and he has accordingly gleaned up many Things that are not true."
Many started to publish various accounts and anecdotes, but Hawkins became the first to publish what could be called a biography. In 1791, Boswell was able to publish his own life and used the introduction to attack rival biographies:
"But what is still worse, there is throughout the whole of it "Life" a dark uncharitable cast, by which the most unfavourable construction is put upon almost every circumstance in the character and conduct of my illustrious friend Johnson; who, I trust, will, be a true and fair delineation, be vindicated both from the injurious misrepresentation of this authour, and from the slighter aspersions of a lady who once lived in great intimacy with him."
In particular, it was Hawkins and Thrale, in Boswell's mind, were main rivals to "what he considered his domain".
A Biographical Sketch of Dr Samuel Johnson.
"A Biographical Sketch of Dr Samuel Johnson" was written by Thomas Tyers for the December 1784 edition of the "The Gentleman's Magazine". It was the first postmortem biography of Johnson.
Memoirs of the Life and Writing of the Late Dr Samuel Johnson.
"Memoirs of the Life and Writing of the Late Dr Samuel Johnson", by William Shaw, was first published in 1785.
Anecdotes of the late Samuel Johnson.
The "Anecdotes of the late Samuel Johnson, LL.D., during the Last Twenty Years of his Life", by Hesther Lynch Piozzi, was first published 26 March 1786. It was based on the various notes and anecdotes that Thrale kept in her "Thraliana". Thrale wrote the work in Italy while she lived there for three years after marrying Gabriel Piozzi.
Life of Samuel Johnson 1787.
"The Life of Samuel Johnson, LL.D.", by John Hawkins, was first published in March, 1787. Sir John Hawkins, according to Betram Davis, is "the author of the first full-length biograph of Samuel Johnson, many remember him as the man Johnson once described as 'unclubable'".
Life of Samuel Johnson 1791.
"The Life of Samuel Johnson, LL.D. Comprehending an Account of his Studies and numerous works, in chronological order; a series of his epistolary correspondence and conversations with many eminent persons; and various original pieces of his composition, never before published: the whole exhibiting a view of literature and literary men in Great-Britain, for near half a century, during which he flourished", by James Boswell, was first published in 1791.
An Essay on the Life and Genius of Samuel Johnson.
"An Essay on the Life and Genius of Samuel Johnson, LL.D.", by Arthur Murphy, was published in 1792.
Life of Samuel Johnson 1795.
The "Life of Samuel Johnson, LL.D.", by Robert Anderson, was published in 1795.
Thraliana.
The "Thraliana" contains various anecdotes and stories during Thrale's life but also includes extensive discussions of Johnson's life; part of the early work was a series of "Johnsonian" anecdotes which Boswell was hoping to rely on for his "Life". The first two volumes and half of the third volume is devoted to the time Thrale spent with Johnson. After her husbands death, the work turned into a diary that documented her personal life and feelings. In July 1784, she married Gabriel Piozzi and left to Italy, which marked the end of her documentation of Johnson's life.
Diary and Letters.
"The Diary and Letters of Madame d'Arblay", by Frances Burney, was published in 1843.

</doc>
<doc id="18826551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826551" title="Kojima Station">
Kojima Station


</doc>
<doc id="18826578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826578" title="Constructivist Foundations">
Constructivist Foundations

Constructivist Foundations is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that focusses on constructivist approaches to science and philosophy, including radical constructivism, enactive cognitive science, second order cybernetics, biology of cognition and the theory of autopoietic systems, and non-dualizing philosophy. It was established in 2005 and the editor-in-chief is Alexander Riegler (Free University of Brussels).
Content.
The journal publishes scholarly articles with empirical, formal or conceptual content, survey articles providing an extensive overview, target articles which are openly discussed in commentaries, opinions, and book reviews. In addition to regular issues, the journal occasionally publishes special issues.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Arts & Humanities Citation Index, Current Contents/Arts & Humanities, Philosopher's Index, PhilPapers, Scopus, and Education Research Complete.

</doc>
<doc id="18826580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826580" title="Mesabi Range Community and Technical College">
Mesabi Range Community and Technical College

The Mesabi Range Community and Technical College is a two-year college with campuses in Virginia, Minnesota and Eveleth, Minnesota. Students in the Virginia High School and other neighboring school districts can receive college credits also by taking classes there.

</doc>
<doc id="18826584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826584" title="Fundamental lemma of sieve theory">
Fundamental lemma of sieve theory

In number theory, the fundamental lemma of sieve theory is any of several results that systematize the process of applying sieve methods to particular problems. Halberstam & Richert
write:
Diamond & Halberstam
attribute the terminology "Fundamental Lemma" to Jonas Kubilius.
Common notation.
We use these notations:
Fundamental lemma of the combinatorial sieve.
This formulation is from Tenenbaum. Other formulations are in Halberstam & Richert, in Greaves,
and in Friedlander & Iwaniec.
We make the assumptions:
There is a parameter "u" ≥ 1 that is at our disposal. We have uniformly in "A", "X", "z", and "u" that
In applications we pick "u" to get the best error term. In the sieve it represents the number of levels of the inclusion–exclusion principle.
Fundamental lemma of the Selberg sieve.
This formulation is from Halberstam & Richert. Another formulation is in Diamond & Halberstam.
We make the assumptions:
The fundamental lemma has almost the same form as for the combinatorial sieve. Write "u" = ln "X" / ln "z". The conclusion is:
Note that "u" is no longer an independent parameter at our disposal, but is controlled by the choice of "z".
Note that the error term here is weaker than for the fundamental lemma of the combinatorial sieve. Halberstam & Richert remark: "Thus it is not true to say, as has been asserted from time to time in the literature, that Selberg's sieve is always better than Brun's."

</doc>
<doc id="18826597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826597" title="Russia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002">
Russia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002

Russia participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002 in Tallinn, Estonia. The Russian entry was selected internally by the Russian broadcaster Russian Public Television (ORT). Prime Minister represented Russia with the song "Northern Girl", which placed 10th and scored 55 points at the contest.
Internal selection.
On 16 January 2002, ORT announced that it would open a submission period between 17 January 2002 and 26 February 2002 for interested artists and composers to submit their proposals for the 2002 Contest. At the close of the submission period, 25 finalists were selected, of which three progressed to a final round of voting by a jury panel: Premier Ministr, Kristina Orbakaitė and Vitas. 
During a press conference on 4 March 2002, Premier Ministr and the song "Northern Girl" were presented as the selection of the jury panel. Kristina Orbakaitė and the song "All My Love" was the runner up. The jury panel that selected the Russian entry consisted of Konstantin Ernst (general manager of ORT), Aleksandr Fifeman (general producer of ORT), Marina Danielan (service manager of ORT), Ilya Bachurin (music director of ORT), Valdis Pelšs (entertainment director of ORT, television presenter), Lev Leshchenko (singer), Oleg Gazmanov (singer), Ilya Reznik (lyricist) and Igor Matvienko (composer, producer). 
At Eurovision.
Russia performed 7th at the 2002 Contest, following Croatia and preceding Estonia. Premier Ministr anglicized their band name and appeared in the contest as Prime Minister. After the voting concluded, Russia scored 55 points and placed 10th.
The voting spokesperson for Russia was Arina Sharapova.
Points awarded by Russia.
Points awarded by the Russian jury:

</doc>
<doc id="18826598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826598" title="Michael Uhl">
Michael Uhl

Michael Uhl is a Vietnam veteran antiwar activist, critic and independent scholar, born April 14, 1944, who grew up in Babylon, Long Island, New York. He graduated with a BS in Theoretical Linguists from the Faculty of Languages and Linguistics, Georgetown University. He spent his undergraduate junior year at the Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. He holds an interdisciplinary Ph.D. in American Studies and Writing (Creative Non-fiction) from the Union Institute and University.
Profile.
In the Army, Uhl received training at the Infantry Officers School, Fort Benning, Georgia and the elite Counter Intelligence School, Fort Holabird, Maryland. He served in Vietnam during 1968-69 as a first lieutenant, where he led a combat intelligence team with the 11th Infantry Brigade. After Vietnam, Uhl entered a doctoral program in linguistics at New York University, and became immediately involved in the antiwar movement, joining the New York City based Citizens Commission of Inquiry on U.S. War Crimes in Vietnam (CCI) as a full-time organizer. He helped organize the National Veterans Inquiry and the Winter Soldier Investigation. In 1970, Uhl joined Ed Murphy in exposing the Phoenix Program, testified at the International Enquiry on US War Crimes in Stockholm, Sweden, and in 1971, he was called to testify before a US Congressional subcommittee investigating the CIA’s Phoenix assassination program in Vietnam. Also in 1971 he toured Australia and New Zealand as a representative of the US anti-Vietnam War movement. That same year he co-founded The Safe Return Amnesty Committee advocating for a universal amnesty on behalf of Vietnam era military deserters. Safe Return was a predecessor of Citizen Soldier, which he also co-founded, and, until 1981, served as co-director, working on a wide range of campaigns advocating for GI and veteran rights. He co-authored the first book length treatment on the health effects of chemical herbicides (Agent Orange) on U.S. veterans of the Vietnam War.
He is a Charter Member of Veterans for Peace founded in Maine (1985), where he moved with his family in the mid-1980s. He is currently serving on the Board of Directors of Veterans For Peace, and is editor of the organization’s national newsletter. Uhl has worked primarily as a writer, and has taught often in universities and colleges in New York City and throughout Maine as Adjunct Professor of Writing.
Publications.
Michael Uhl’s essay, “The Chosen: Some Notes on Being a Veteran in American,” appears in Peace Not Terror. He is the author of "Vietnam Awakening: My Journey from Combat to the Citizens Commission of Inquiry on US War Crimes", and co-author of "G.I. Guinea Pigs: How the Pentagon Exposed Our Troops to Dangers Greater Than War". He is co-editor of "The Dellums Committee Hearings on War Crimes in Vietnam". Uhl’s poetry appears in the volumes "Winning Hearts and Minds and Demilitarized Zones". As a travel writer he authored "Exploring Maine on Country Roads and Byways" (Clarkson Potter, 1989) and four "Frommer’s Guides", including "Frommer’s Brazil and Frommer’s Chicago". He has written scores of articles and book reviews for "Geo Magazine", "Forbes, House Beautiful, Travel & Leisure, The Progressive, The Nation", "The Sunday Boston Globe, Radical America, The Old Westbury Review, In These Times, Peacework, Bangor Daily News, Portland Press Herald", Antiwar.com, among others.
Film.
With Richard Schmiechen, Uhl wrote and co-produced the short documentary film, Nick Mazucco: Biography of an Atomic Vet, on a grant from the Public Broadcasting Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="18826631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826631" title="1998 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships">
1998 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships

The 1998 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Szeged, Hungary.
The men's competition consisted of nine Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Women competed in eight events, all in kayak.
This was the 29th championships in canoe sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="18826647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826647" title="Utazu Station">
Utazu Station


</doc>
<doc id="18826657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826657" title="Dreamer (Chris Brown song)">
Dreamer (Chris Brown song)

"Dreamer" is a song by American R&B singer Chris Brown produced by RADIO. It is one of the songs featured on the "AT&T Team USA Soundtrack". This song was made for 2008 Beijing Olympics and it samples "The Reason" by British R&B singer Lemar.
The song was released on August 7, 2008 on iTunes and so far has reached number 3 on iTunes Top 10, and also debuted at number 16 on the Billboard Hot 100 on digital downloads. Also, the music video for the song was released on August 18, 2008.
In New Zealand, the song debuted at number thirty-five on December 29, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18826658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826658" title="Lipohyalinosis">
Lipohyalinosis

Lipohyalinosis is a small-vessel disease in the brain. Originally defined by Fisher as 'segmental arteriolar wall disorganisation', it is characterised by vessel wall thickening and a resultant reduction in luminal diameter. Fisher considered this small-vessel disease to be the result of hypertension, induced in the acute stage by fibrinoid necrosis that would lead to occlusion and hence lacunar stroke. However, recent evidence suggests that endothelial dysfunction as a result of inflammation is a more likely cause for it. This may occur subsequent to blood–brain barrier failure, and lead to extravasation of serum components into the brain that are potentially toxic. Lacunar infarction could thus occur in this way, and the narrowing – the hallmark feature of lipohyalinosis – may merely be a feature of the swelling occurring around it that squeezes on the structure.
Hypertension is a strong causative factor. So-called deep-perforating arteries – relatively small arteries branching off of relatively large arteries (most commonly the lenticulostriate arteries from the middle cerebral artery) – are especially prone. Uncontrolled hypertension and diabetes are risk factors for this condition. Lacunar infarcts are a result of atherosclerosis (microthrombi) and lipohyalinosis. These affect the deep structures of the brain and may leave small (~5mm) cavity lesions. 
Chronic familial lipohyalinosis is a rare inherited variant. 

</doc>
<doc id="18826659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826659" title="Phyllonorycter platani">
Phyllonorycter platani

Phyllonorycter platani is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is found in Europe, the Near East and the eastern Palearctic ecozone, as well as California.
The wingspan is 8–10 mm. The moth flies in two generations from mid June to November. .
The larvae feed on Platanus.

</doc>
<doc id="18826666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826666" title="We Married Margo">
We Married Margo

We Married Margo is a 2000 American independent comedy film directed by J. David Shapiro and co-written by Shapiro and William Dozier. The film tells a story of two friends who were married to the same woman and is loosely based on real events in that Shapiro and Dozier actually met after dating the same woman named Margaux. The film was awarded the "Audience Award for Comedy Film of the Year" at the 2000 The Comedy Festival (formerly known as the "US Comedy Arts Festival") and was nominated for the "Grand Jury Prize" at the Slamdance Film Festival the same year.
Plot.
Margo (Kylie Bax) is a woman from New Jersey who marries a fellow New Jersey native Jake (J. David Shapiro). After it becomes evident that their marriage will not last, the two are divorced and Margo is remarried, this time to Rock (William Dozier), a California surfer. However, this marriage does not last long either and they are quickly divorced. 
Jake and Rock were previously introduced to each other by Margo and, after they are both divorced from her, they form a friendship and live as roommates. The two have very little in common except for the fact that they married and divorced the same woman. They become best friends, even though they constantly irritate each other, and they decide to write a film based on their experience of being married to Margo. During their work on the project, they meet many more people just like them whose lives were impacted by Margo.
Cameos.
The film featured cameo appearances by several actors, professional athletes and celebrities appearing as themselves. All of them claimed and had stories to tell about how Margo had an influence on their lives, some of them never having met her in person. The most notable of these cameos is Kevin Bacon’s explanation of "Six degrees of Margo", a clear reference to the popular trivia game Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon.
The following is a partial list of cameo appearances in the film:

</doc>
<doc id="18826677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826677" title="Daniel Jungwirth">
Daniel Jungwirth

Daniel Jungwirth (born 15 January 1982) is a German footballer who plays for SV Elversberg.

</doc>
<doc id="18826690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826690" title="Tami Lynn">
Tami Lynn

Tami Lynn (born 1942, Gert Town, New Orleans, Louisiana, United States) is an American soul singer. She scored a Top Ten hit on the UK Singles Chart in 1971, with the song "I'm Gonna Run Away From You".
Biography.
Lynn was discovered by Jerry Wexler in 1965 after hearing her sing at a talent show. Wexler had her record the Bert Berns penned and produced song, "I'm Gonna Run Away From You", for Atco Records, but the song was not released at the time, although it was released in the UK on Atlantic, AT 4035. She then sang backup for musicians such as The Rolling Stones (backing vocalist on "Exile on Main St."), Dr. John, Wilson Pickett, and Sonny & Cher. In 1971, "I'm Gonna Run Away From You" was released as a single, with "The Boy Next Door" as the b-side, on Mojo and Atlantic, where it became a hit in the UK among devotees of Northern soul. The tune hit number 4 in the UK Singles Chart in 1971. A full-length album, "Love Is Here and Now You're Gone", followed in 1972, produced by John Abbey. "I'm Gonna Run Away From You" returned to the UK chart in 1975 after being reissued, hitting number 36 the second time around.
Another album was the 1992 CD, "Tamiya Lynn". "Love Is Here and Now You're Gone" was reissued on CD in 2005, by DBK Works.

</doc>
<doc id="18826695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826695" title="Liberty High School (New Jersey)">
Liberty High School (New Jersey)

Liberty High School is a four-year public high school located in Jersey City, New Jersey, operated as part of the Jersey City Public Schools. The school was established in September 1999 as a partnership between the Jersey City Board of Education and Hudson County Community College.
The school is intended to offer a very small learning community, in contrast to the large comprehensive high schools in the district, offering a family-like atmosphere where students feel involved, supported and challenged.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 191 students and 19.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 10.05:1. There were 104 students (54.5% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 21 (11.0% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 163rd-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 322 schools statewide, in The school was the 186th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2012 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", after being ranked 163rd in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 245th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 249th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school 273rd out of 367 public high schools statewide in its 2009-10 rankings which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the language arts literacy and mathematics components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
School uniforms.
The school requires its students to wear school uniforms, of white/black polo shirts with the school logo on it and khaki pants.
Mascot.
The school symbol is an eagle

</doc>
<doc id="18826696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826696" title="Kōzai Station">
Kōzai Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="18826710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826710" title="PGL (company)">
PGL (company)

PGL Travel Ltd. is a company established in 1957 and is a provider of school activity courses and summer camps for children in the United Kingdom. It is a part of the Holidaybreak group.
Overview.
PGL takes its name from the initials of its founder - Peter Gordon Lawrence - who started leading canoe trips down the River Wye in 1957. The initial market was young adults but during the early years PGL established a key position in the organised school group travel market. Lawrence died in 2004 following complications with a heart condition.
PGL was known to stand for "Parents Get Lost" by pupils in the late 90s. 
The company was sold in 2007 to Holidaybreak Plc and formed the first part of the Holidaybreak 'Education Division'.
At the beginning of the 2010 season, PGL had 21 centres in the UK, 2 centres in Spain, 10 centres in France, contracts with numerous ski resorts and 'Action Stations' at Eurocamp in France and 'Go Active' at 7 Pontins sites located in the UK.(Prestatyn, Southport, Blackpool, Camber, Brean,Pakefield). Some of the largest centres are Boreatton Park (Shropshire) and Caythorpe Court (Lincolnshire).
The purchase in 2005 of 3D Education and Adventure, their biggest competitor, gave the company two more centres on the south coast, one on the Isle of Wight and a contract with Pontins to provide children's activities on their sites. Though with Pontins going into administration in 2010 and its subsequent purchase by the Britannia Hotels Group in 2011 the contract between Pontins and PGL ceased to be.
PGL's largest area of business is school trips and educational travel. These range from activity and adventure trips to subject focussed trips (Science, ICT, Maths, Field Studies and French Language courses are all offered).
PGL closed Court Farm in July 2012 following a development plan for the site. Plans have now been submitted by PGL to turn this site into houses.
Centres.
PGL operates a number of centres in the UK, including:
Holidays.
During the UK school terms PGL mainly offers school and youth group holidays, as well as birthday parties and day trips. Outside of the UK school terms PGL also offers family and child-only summer camps.
Holidays cost between £200 and £600 depending on the length of stay, and type of holiday. The most popular holiday run is the "Multi-Activity" where guests get to sample a range of activities. Specialist holidays are also run, these are listed below
Some of these are available at a variety of centres, others only at one of two.
Abroad.
PGL has centres in France and Spain for School and other youth groups. These offer both activity and educational holidays.
During the winter they offer a school ski programme in resorts across France, Italy, Austria, Czech Republic, Switzerland, Andorra and the USA.
PGL pioneered Canoe camping holidays in the Ardèche River and staff developed the modern folklore tale of Harry Willis and the round river.

</doc>
<doc id="18826721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826721" title="Macau Pass">
Macau Pass

The Macau Pass (formerly the Transmac IC Card) is a contactless smartcard, first introduced by Transmac in 1999, that can be used to pay for bus fares, shop, and dine with many more merchants to join the system.
Acceptance.
The Macau Pass is accepted by:
Card types.
The Macau Pass has four types of different cards, for certain age groups (much like the Octopus card in Hong Kong). The four are:
Plans.
Macau Pass has a variety of plans to have implementation of Macau Passes. They are:
Payment discounts.
The Macau Pass does not have any discount when purchasing merchandise and using at restaurants. However, the government and the company had decided that the government will subsidize the difference from the discounts below on "bus fares". The Transmac IC Card did not accept this offer.
Transfer discounts.
When Macau Pass was still called the "Transmac IC Card", its operator, Transmac decided that cardholders could have a free "transfer". However, under certain circumstances the card holder must pay a fare under MOP$3.00. (E.g., on a trip from the Border Gate to the M.U.S.T., if going to ride route 3A to Praça Ferreira Amaral to interchange to route MT2, the "Green" Macau Pass must be tapped on the reader, and the display will show 0.50. The exact fare to pay with the card was MOP$1.00, but the government supported MOP$0.50.) The details on transfers are located at the bottom.
Customer services.
Macau Pass S.A.R.L. offers a variety of customer services that either can be troubleshooted online at Macau Pass Online or in person at the following Macau Pass approved customer service centers:
Special liveries and versions.
Coca-Cola.
Macau Pass, Coca-Cola and Circle K Convenience Stores Macau Division have decided to introduce the "Coca-Cola 60 Years Limited Edition Macau Pass". This is made in honor to commemorate the 60th year of Coca-Cola being in Macau. The purchasing period for this livery is now suspended. The livery is as follows:
There were two ways to have the ability to be the card holder of this card:
This card livery is a "purchase" card, no deposit needed, no refund on card.
Macau Pass Watch.
When Macau Pass was introduced as the name "Macau Pass" (Green Livery) in 2007/8, Macau Pass S.A.R.L. had introduced the "Macau Pass Watch" which, much like the Octopus Card Watch, acts as another type of Macau Pass. There are two types of watches:
This card livery is a "purchase" card, no deposit needed, no refund on card.
M.U.S.T. Student/Staff Card.
Macau Pass and M.U.S.T. also have a specialized staff/student I.D. card with a Macau Pass ability on the inside.
This card livery is a "purchased" card, provided by the supplier itself (M.U.S.T.)
J.T. Ticket Net.
Macau Pass and the J.T. Ticket Net also introduced a card that has the Macau Pass Green livery on the front, and the J.T. Ticket Net livery on the back (Much like the Cola-Cola special livery)
This card livery is a "purchase" card, no deposit needed, no refund on card.
World Heritage Sites.
The Tourism Board of Macau and Macau Pass have teamed up and made a series of Macau Pass Cards that has a World Heritage site on the front, and a rear view of the Macau Pass logo, the card number, and an array of all the World Heritage sites in Macau.
This card livery is a "purchase" card, no deposit needed, no refund on card.

</doc>
<doc id="18826729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826729" title="Kinashi Station">
Kinashi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18826732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826732" title="List of Western films 1955–59">
List of Western films 1955–59

A list of Western films released in the 1950s. 
TV series of 1950s.
see, List of TV Westerns

</doc>
<doc id="18826747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826747" title="Hashioka Station">
Hashioka Station


</doc>
<doc id="18826753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826753" title="Isobromindione">
Isobromindione

Isobromindione is a drug used in the treatment of gout.

</doc>
<doc id="18826770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826770" title="Beltway Plaza">
Beltway Plaza

The Beltway Plaza mall is located in Greenbelt, Maryland. It was developed by Sidney J. Brown and First National Realty, opening on October 17, 1963. It was originally composed of a massive S. Klein department store separated by a large parking lot from an A&P Supermarket located in a strip shopping center along with a barbershop, single screen movie theater, and Drug Fair store. By 1972-73, a small indoor mall was created, situated between the strip shopping center and the S. Klein store, that included a 6-screen theater, steakhouse, a branch of George’s appliance store chain, an ice cream shop, and in-house catalog store. Within a few years of the S. Klein closing in 1975, the mall underwent major renovations. In the course of renovations, the space occupied by S. Klein was split up to create new spaces for different stores. Small fountains were added. The renovations included an additional 8 screen cinema and a Giant supermarket that was added to one wing of the former shopping strip. The renovation also enclosed the area from the original mall to the supermarket. The mall has 115 stores and restaurants and anchors include a Giant supermarket, Burlington Coat Factory, Marshalls, JoAnn Fabrics, Target, Shoppers World, and Big Lots. (Shoppers World and Big Lots replaced a space formerly occupied by Value City until 2010.) The Target cannot be reached from the mall without going outdoors, though it shares a common roof.
History.
On July 15, 1962, The "Washington Post and Times Herald" published a sketch of the department store of the S. Klein chain, to be constructed in the Beltway Plaza Regional Shopping Center in Greenbelt, Maryland. At the time the two story and basement structure would be the largest Washington suburban department store and was expected to open the following Easter. Maryland Governor J. Millard Tawes witnessed the signing of the 30 year lease (the store would last only 13) between the plaza developer and S. Klein.
The store opened on Oct 17, 1963. The Beltway Plaza property is home to some perilous slopes that have periodically given way. During construction of the store, in December 1962, five men died and 11 were injured in a basement earth slide and the mall was forced to close for a short period in 1966. S. Klein was at Beltway Plaza until 1975, when the chain decided to close the store. "The Washington Post" of Feb 6, 1975 (p. G14) reported: 
S. Klein Department Stores, a New York retailer that was a pioneer in the discount business, is closing its two big Washington area stores within six weeks, industry sources said yesterday. Officers of the company, a subsidiary of McCrory Corp., refused to conform or deny the reports.

</doc>
<doc id="18826772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826772" title="Kokubu Station (Kagawa)">
Kokubu Station (Kagawa)


</doc>
<doc id="18826785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826785" title="Oxypurinol">
Oxypurinol

Oxypurinol is an inhibitor of xanthine oxidase. It is an active metabolite of allopurinol and it is cleared renally. In cases of renal disease, this metabolite will accumulate to toxic levels. Its function as an inhibitor of xanthine oxidase allows it to help inhibit gout production.

</doc>
<doc id="18826800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826800" title="Charles Ray (artist)">
Charles Ray (artist)

Charles Ray (born 1953) is a Los Angeles-based American sculptor. He is known for his strange and enigmatic sculptures that draw the viewer’s perceptual judgments into question in jarring and unexpected ways. Christopher Knight in the "Los Angeles Times" wrote that Ray’s “career as an artist…is easily among the most important of the last twenty years.”
Early life and education.
Charles Ray was born in Chicago as the son of Helen and Wade Ray. He has four brothers and a sister. He earned his BFA at the University of Iowa and his MFA from Mason Gross School of the Arts at Rutgers University. 
He studied sculpture at the University of Iowa School of Art and Art History with Roland Brener, who exposed Ray to many of developments of Modernist sculpture, in particular the constructivist aesthetic of artists like Anthony Caro and David Smith. In an interview, Ray spoke of his artistic education and early influences.
"Caro’s work was like a template; I saw it as almost platonic. The formal rules as taught by Brener were a kind of nourishment for me. The actual working in the studio was, in a sense, the expression. I was taught that the finished sculpture was maybe the end of the paragraph. Once a sculpture was completed it was critiqued and put back on to the scrap pile. This way of working taught me to think sculpturally rather than to think about sculpture. At this time in my life the historical context of high Modernism was really beyond my grasp. I saw Caro as super-contemporary. His work was, and is, so alive. It bridges the gap between the inside and outside of my mind."
Ray has headed the sculpture department at UCLA since 1981.
Work.
Ray’s work is difficult to classify. Style, materials, subject, presence, and scale are all variable. What is consistent is as critic Anne Wagner put it, “In all his seamlessly executed objects, Ray fixates on how and why things happen, to say nothing of wondering what really does happen in the field of vision, and how such events might be remade as art.” This and the level of art historical awareness behind his works has led many critics to call Ray a sculptor’s sculptor. Nevertheless, his art has managed to find a large audience, thanks in part to its often striking or beguiling nature.
Ray recapitulated many of the developments in twentieth-century sculpture in his first show in 1971 with an installation entitled One-Stop Gallery. The show consisted of a collection of small sculptures, resting directly on floor. Some of the works, in their attention to materials, were clearly inspired by Minimalist artists like Robert Morris, while two small constructed steel sculptures invoke the traditions taught by his teacher, Brener; they were even painted the same red as Caro’s Early One Morning (1962, Tate Modern). One-Stop Gallery would anticipate the tone for much of Ray’s work to come in its plumbing and reinterpreting of the canon of twentieth-century sculpture without having his own work appeal to any particular period or style.
Initially influenced by Caro, by including his own body in his works he made them more like documented performances. In the two-part photographic work "Plank Piece I–II" (1973), for example, he pinned his body to the wall with a large piece of wood. 
In the late 1980s, Ray conceived Minimalist works using ink and wire. In "Ink Box" (1986), a large cube is filled to the brim with ink, giving the illusion of a solid cube. "Ink Line" (1987) is a continuous stream of black ink traveling from a dime-size opening in the ceiling into a similar hole in the floor. In "Spinning Spot" (1987), a section of the floor measuring 24 inches in diameter is set spinning at 33 RPM. Consisting of a single 8.5 foot length of wire, both ends of "Moving Wire" (1988) protrude from the wall and are set 14 inches apart; as one end of the wire extends out from the wall at random intervals, the other retracts.
For "Unpainted Sculpture" (1997), over the course of two years, Ray has reconstructed a life-sized crashed Pontiac Grand Am (circa 1991) out of fiberglass, casting and assembling each piece to match the bent and twisted forms of the original Despite the work’s misleading title, it is painted a soft dove grey that is reminiscent of the plastic parts of model car kits. 
His most labor-intensive work to date is the ten-year re-creation in Japanese cypress (Hinoki) of a fallen and rotting tree he had found in a meadow. With "Hinoki" (2007, Art Institute of Chicago), Ray had a mold made of a large rotting tree he found in California. He then hired a team of Japanese woodcarvers in Osaka to essentially re-carve the tree in Hinoki, a different wood than that of the original tree. In a forthcoming interview, Ray made it clear that the purpose of the piece was not to photorealistically carve an exact replica of the tree. “The tree had that beautiful interior that fallen logs have,” he says. “It happens when bugs eat out the hard wood, so you have this hollow thing. All I knew was that I wanted to carve that, I wanted them to have a sense of that interior the log because it’s in there, even if normally it couldn’t be seen. So that was really important. And then I became involved with the outside as well…It mattered to me that somebody had looked at it, and I wanted to make it matter to you.” Hinoki took four years to carve of what was a ten year project: from the initial discovery of the tree in 1997-1998 to its exhibition in 2007.
Ray's critically acclaimed "Firetruck" (1993), a full-size aluminum, fiberglass and Plexiglas installation, has been exhibited on Madison Avenue in New York, in front of the Whitney Museum of American Art. The giant replica of a red toy firetruck was also exhibited outside the Los Angeles County Museum of Art in 2008. 
In 2009, Ray installed "Boy with Frog", his first outdoor commissioned work, at the Punta della Dogana, Venice. Grand in size and realized with a smooth white finish that references the important tradition of marble sculpture in Italy, it depicts a boy holding a goliath frog above the Grand Canal. The sculpture calls to mind the "Apollo Sauroktonos", an ancient Roman sculpture at the Musée du Louvre in Paris of a nude adolescent reaching out his arm to catch a lizard climbing a tree; and, the "Boy with Thorn (Lo Spinario)", a bronze statue at the Palazzo dei Conservatori, Musei Capitolini, of a seated Roman boy plucking a thorn from the sole of his foot. 
Exhibitions.
Charles Ray had his first one-person museum exhibition in 1989. His art has since been featured in numerous solo and group exhibitions in Europe and North America, including a traveling, mid-career retrospective organized by Paul Schimmel for the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles, which then traveled to the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago and the Whitney Museum of American Art. Other solo exhibition venues include the Institute of Contemporary Art, London; Kunsthalle Bern, Switzerland; and Astrup Fearnley Museet for Moderne Kunst, Oslo, Norway. He has exhibited at documenta IX (1992), Venice Biennales in 1993 and 2003, and four Whitney Biennials. In 2012, Ray participated in "Lifelike", a group exhibition that originated at the Walker Art Center.

</doc>
<doc id="18826801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826801" title="Sanuki-Fuchū Station">
Sanuki-Fuchū Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="18826804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826804" title="Asynchronous method dispatch">
Asynchronous method dispatch

Asynchronous method dispatch (AMD) is a data communication method used when there is a need for the server side to handle a large number of long lasting client requests. Using synchronous method dispatch (SMD), this scenario may turn the server into an unavailable busy state resulting in a connection failure response caused by a network connection request timeout. 
Mechanism.
The servicing of a client request is immediately dispatched to an available thread from a pool of threads and the client is put in a blocking state. Upon the completion of the task, the server is notified by a callback. The server unblocks the client and transmits the response back to the client. In case of thread starvation, clients are blocked waiting for threads to become available.

</doc>
<doc id="18826817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826817" title="Kamogawa Station">
Kamogawa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="18826825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826825" title="Jürgen">
Jürgen

Jürgen is a popular given name in Germany. It is cognate with George.

</doc>
<doc id="18826828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826828" title="Yasoba Station">
Yasoba Station


</doc>
<doc id="18826833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826833" title="Vladimir Gerónimo">
Vladimir Gerónimo

Vladimir Ricardino Carval Jerónimo (born 4 October 1978) is an Angolan basketball player and a former member of the Angola national basketball team. He stands tall and plays as a guard. He competed for Angola at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
He is currently playing for Petro Atlético at the Angolan major basketball league BAI Basket. 

</doc>
<doc id="18826839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826839" title="Kezar Falls, Maine">
Kezar Falls, Maine

Kezar Falls is a small village on the Ossipee River in the town of Porter in Oxford County, Maine, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18826841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826841" title="Billy McGinty (rugby league)">
Billy McGinty (rugby league)

Billy McGinty (born in Glasgow) is a Scottish former rugby league footballer of the 1990s and first decade of the 21st century. He played in the forwards for Wigan during the period in the 1990s when they dominated the sport, and later for Workington Town.
Playing career.
Wigan.
During the 1991–92 Rugby Football League season, McGinty played for defending champions Wigan at second-row forward in their 1991 World Club Challenge victory against the visiting Penrith Panthers. He was selected to go on the 1992 Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand. He played at second-row forward in Great Britain's win over Australia in Melbourne.
During the 1992–93 Rugby Football League season McGinty played at second-row forward for defending RFL champions Wigan in the 1992 World Club Challenge against the visiting Brisbane Broncos.
After the 1993–94 Rugby Football League season McGinty travelled with defending champions Wigan to Brisbane for the 1994 World Club Challenge. Due to injuries to Andy Platt and Kelvin Skerrett, he played as a prop forward in the 20–14 victory against Brisbane Broncos. The match was his last for Wigan, as he had already agreed to join Workington Town for a fee of £15,000. 
Coaching career.
Rugby league.
In 1998, McGinty was in charge of Scotland before being replaced by Shaun McRae a year later. He became head coach again after McRae stepped down in 2001.
Rugby union.
In 2011 McGinty was appointed defence coach of Edinburgh Rugby under head coach Michael Bradley.
School coaching.
In 2013, McGinty joined RGS Worcester's rugby coaching set-up.

</doc>
<doc id="18826843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826843" title="Sakaide Station">
Sakaide Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="18826863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826863" title="Andrei Chemerkin">
Andrei Chemerkin

Andrey Ivanovich Chemerkin () (born February 17, 1972) is a former Russian weightlifter. Chemerkin was a gold medalist at the 1996 Summer Olympics, and a bronze medalist at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Weightlifting achievements.
winner of the world weightlifting championships for a university year 2000 but not a senior championship and he
attempted the all time heaviest clean and jerk 272.5 kg 601 pounds in the 2000 olympics which he needed to win. Also he has won a lot of russian championships. At the time when he won the olympic games in 1996 he snatched 197.5 kg 436 pounds, followed by a clean and jerk of 260 kg 573 pounds to total 457.5 kg 1010 pounds.
Career bests.
1991 - 1992 junior world weightlifting champion and a
Russian championship winner known as the three warriors tournament

</doc>
<doc id="18826865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826865" title="Giovanni Ricciardi">
Giovanni Ricciardi

Giovanni Ricciardi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18826869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826869" title="Hans Peter Minderhoud">
Hans Peter Minderhoud

Hans Peter Minderhoud (born October 7, 1973 in Westkapelle, Zeeland) is a Dutch dressage rider.
Minderhoud won the VSN Cup in 2004 with his horse Gameboy and also succeeded in the Pavo Cup with Sandreo and Florencio. At the 2004 World Championships for 5-year old horses he won the World title in Verden with Florencio. In the 2004/05 Stallion Competition he won the L-Class with Sandreo and the Z-Class with Rhodium. He won his second World title at the 2005 World Championships for 6-year old horses with Florencio. Later that year he and Uptown won the Pavo Cup as well.
In the 2005/06 Stallion Competition he retained his titles in the L and Z-Class, and also added the M-Class to his list. With Rubels he won the 2006 VHO Trophy. Besides that he succeeded in the Future Stallion Tournament with Florencio and the Pavo Cup with Ucelli T. In the 2007 Future Stallion Tournament he retained his title with Ucelli T, but also managed to win the silver medal with EXQUIS Rubiloh in the same event. He succeeded again at the Pavo Cup, this time with Vivaldi. At the 2007 European Championships in Turin he and his team mates became European Champion in the team competition.
With Johnson he managed to win the KWPN Stallion Championship 2007/08 and he also managed to qualify for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He qualified for the individual competition as well as the team event with his team mates Anky van Grunsven and Imke Bartels. In personal life, Minderhoud has a relationship with teammate Edward Gal.

</doc>
<doc id="18826871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826871" title="Robert Marsden">
Robert Marsden

Robert Marsden ( - ) was a British actor, director, dramatic recitalist and teacher of drama at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, and elsewhere. He was also one of the earliest (and latest surviving) wartime members of the BBC Radio Drama Repertory Company, formed to meet the circumstances of World War II.
Biography.
Robert Marsden was born in West Hampstead. His theatre training was at LAMDA, the London Mask Theatre School, RADA, and the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art.
He made his professional debut at Warrington in 1939.
At Stratford-on-Avon, aged nineteen, he played a round of Shakespearean roles, including Tybalt in "Romeo & Juliet", Hotspur in "Richard II" and Tranio in "The Taming of the Shrew". He first broadcast in 1942, and played a variety of parts, including Robert in "The Letter", Chorus to Laurence Olivier's "Henry V" and the disciple Philip in Dorothy L. Sayers' play cycle on Jesus "The Man Born To Be King".
In London, he was in John Drinkwater's "Abraham Lincoln" both at the Westminster in 1940 and at the Playhouse in 1943. At the Arts he played leading parts in "The Rivals", "The Constant Couple" etc. In 1944 he appeared at the Chanticleer Theatre in such plays as "The Lady From the Sea" and as the title character in "John Gabriel Borkman".
The following year he was approached by John Gielgud about Rodney Ackland's adaptation of "Crime & Punishment", and he played the leading character’s friend with Gielgud, Edith Evans and Peter Ustinov at the New Theatre, and elsewhere. Gielgud also cast him in "Medea" at the Globe Theatre.
Marsden’s next broadcast was as Young Marlow in "She Stoops To Conquer", playing opposite Angela Baddeley. He continued to freelance in radio, his parts including "Macbeth", Orsino in "Twelfth Night", Tybalt (as at Stratford) and the King in "Love's Labour's Lost".
He was a fine pianist, and accompanied his own singing, on the air and later in recitations. He composed revue material and comic songs, such as a witty setting of Carroll's "Jabberwocky". On radio in the mid-fifties he played the title role in the series "Mike Dudley, Charter Pilot". He was also a regular in the "Bunkle" series with Billie Whitelaw, and he acted in "In Parenthesis" with Dylan Thomas.
He also appeared on television, parts ranging from Antonio in "The Tempest", to the sinister Black Dog in "Treasure Island" with Bernard Miles.
In Fry's "The Boy With A Cart", he played one of the brothers in the West End with Richard Burton, and a different one on TV. In 1956 at the Phoenix he was in Peter Brook's production of "The Power & the Glory" with Paul Scofield (with whom he had trained).
His career as a director began at Whitby, and included Guildford (where he directed Philip Bond in "Richard II") and Coventry. At Preston he played "Othello" and co-directed it. He also worked with Joan Littlewood at Stratford East.
In 1959 he 'did the hat-trick' with "Abraham Lincoln", playing the name character at the Belgrade, Coventry. At the Belgrade he also played Shylock in "The Merchant of Venice" and Brutus in "Julius Caesar".
On television, he played Lincoln in the first episode of "The Chase (Doctor Who)", reciting about half of the Gettysburg Address.
At Birmingham Rep in 1961 he was Enobarbus in "Antony & Cleopatra". He also performed at Hampstead Theatre in its early days, playing in "He Who Gets Slapped".
He started to vary his acting with work as a drama teacher, at RADA, Central School and the City Lit, as well as privately. He also gave solo recitations, which were both dramatic and musical.
In 1965, Marsden rejoined the Stratford-based Shakespeare company, now called the Royal Shakespeare Company. He had played the major role of the Chorus in "Henry V" on radio to Laurence Olivier as Henry, and now he succeeded Eric Porter in the part at the Aldwych Theatre in London, with Ian Holm as the King. A review recorded "Chorus stands four-square in the Elizabethan age, an imposing amalgam of Drake and Raleigh as presented by Robert Marsden."
While with the RSC, he was in the earliest of their Theatre-Go-Round outreach programmes for school pupils, and he played Boretzki in Peter Weiss's disturbing compilation from the concentration camp hearings, "The Investigation". Performed at the Aldwych, it was recorded by the BBC and broadcast more than once.
After this, though he appeared both live and on television again, he did not work much as an actor. Having lost the sight of one eye in an accident in his youth, he developed glaucoma, and lost much of his sight in his forties. One of his latest personal appearances was at a verse recital performing alongside Dame Peggy Ashcroft and Jeremy Brett. For many years he continued as a private drama teacher, specialising in coaching intense voice work.
He lived with and was then married to Sally, née Brice (1951-2012). They divorced, but remained friends.
Marsden died on at Elstree, Hertfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18826873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826873" title="Nobody's Baby But Mine">
Nobody's Baby But Mine

"Nobody's Baby But Mine" is a romance novel written by Susan Elizabeth Phillips and published in 1997. It may be categorized as baby love romance. It's a book in the Chicago Stars / Bonner Brothers series.
Plot Summary.
Physics professor Dr. Jane Darlington spends her 34th birthday in tears. She wants a baby, but not a husband. Where can she find an average or, preferably, stupid man? She decides that Cal Bonner, legendary quarterback for the Chicago Stars is perfect. Jane sets her plan into action and after some trial and error she succeeds. But the results are more than she bargained for when Cal discovers her duplicity. How can a football player with an interfering family and a nerdy professor who has never known family love ever fall in love? With lots of honesty, understanding and a whole lot of humor. Don't miss this one! It's filled with engaging characters, laughs galore and a feel-good ending.
Reception and awards.
It was the 1998 RITA Awards Best Novel winner.
Related novels.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips has published other books featuring heroes from the Chicago Stars team.

</doc>
<doc id="18826877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826877" title="Tisopurine">
Tisopurine

Tisopurine (or thiopurinol) is a drug used in the treatment of gout.

</doc>
<doc id="18826879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826879" title="Emanuel Thabiso Nketu">
Emanuel Thabiso Nketu

Emanuel Thabiso Nketu (born 25 January 1980) is an amateur boxer from Lesotho who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the men's bantamweight division. He lost to Bruno Julie. He had won two fights at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18826896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826896" title="Philip Maero">
Philip Maero

Philip J. Maero (October 2, 1924 – August 25, 2003) was an American operatic baritone, particularly associated with the Italian repertory. He was born in New York City. His family came from Piedmont, Northwest of Italy.
He studied voice first in New York City and later in Rome. He made his debut in Italy in 1951, on Italian Radio (RAI), where he sang as soloist for four years. His career was then abruptly interrupted when he contracted poliomyelitis. Once recovered, he successfully resumed his singing career, appearing first mostly in concert.
He made his American debut in 1955, at both the Lyric Opera of Chicago and the New York City Opera. He appeared at Carnegie Hall in 1959, in a concert version of Pizzetti's "L'Assassinio nella cattedrale". He was especially admired in the title role of "Rigoletto", and Germont in "La traviata". He died in Tarpon Springs, Florida in 2003.
Recordings.
He left a few recordings for the RCA Victor, notably as Enrico in "Lucia di Lammermoor", opposite Roberta Peters, as Schaunard in "La bohème", opposite Anna Moffo, and as Sharpless in "Madama Butterfly", opposite Leontyne Price.

</doc>
<doc id="18826897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826897" title="William Dean (priest)">
William Dean (priest)

William Dean or Deane (born in West Riding of Yorkshire, England, date uncertain, executed 28 August 1588) was an English Roman Catholic priest. He is one of the Catholic martyrs, beatified in 1929.
Life.
Son of Thomas B. of Grassington, West Riding of Yorkshire, William Dean attended schools in Leeds and Clitheroe.
William Dean was matriculated sizar from Magdalene College, Cambridge in 1575 and was admitted pensioner at Caius College, Cambridge in November 1577, aged 20. He studied at Reims and was ordained priest at Soissons, 21 December 1581, together with the martyrs George Haydock and Robert Nutter. Their ordination coincided with the time that the news of Edmund Campion's death reached the college.
Dean said his first Mass 9 January and left for England 25 January 1581. He was banished with a number of other priests in 1585, put ashore on the coast of Normandy, and threatened with death if he dared to go back to England. Nevertheless he quickly returned to his mission work there and was again arrested, tried, and condemned for his priesthood, 22 August 1588.
The failure of the Spanish Armada brought about a fierce anti-Catholic persecution and some twenty-seven Catholics were executed that year. Six new gibbets were erected in London, it is said at the Earl of Leicester's instigation, and Dean, who had been condemned with five other priests and four laymen, was the first to suffer on the gallows erected at Mile End. With him died a layman, Henry Webley, for relieving and assisting him.
At the execution Dean tried to speak to the people, "but his mouth was stopped by some that were in the cart, in such a violent manner that they were like to have prevented the hangman of his wages". Seven Catholics died on the same day.

</doc>
<doc id="18826899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826899" title="Canadian Centre for Environmental Education">
Canadian Centre for Environmental Education

The Canadian Centre for Environmental Education (CCEE) was created in 2005 through a unique collaborative approach involving 25 major universities and colleges across Canada. The 25 institutions offer their distance-based environmental courses as part of a joint certificate program. Utilizing online distance learning through Royal Roads University, the CCEE’s Certificate in Environmental Practice (CEP) is used as a form of professional development, continuing education, and skills transitioning for individuals interested in, or currently working within, the environmental industry. Eleven concentrations are offered within the certificate, aligning with the Canadian National Occupational Standards for Environmental Employment.
Background.
The CCEE was established to address the challenges of the environmental labour market. The overall growth in the demand for employment in the environmental industry exceeds the demand for employment in all other industries in Canada. The goal of the CCEE is to decrease the gap between the demand for qualified employees and the supply of employees with relevant expertise.
The two organizations responsible for creating the CCEE are ECO Canada, and Royal Roads University.
It was designed in accordance with the National Occupational Standards for Environmental Employment. Credentials are granted to students through courses and/or a Prior Learning Assessment and Recognition tool (Recognition of Prior Learning). 
Startup funding for the initiative was provided by the Government of Canada.
A major objective of the partnership is to facilitate a process that will help transition practitioners from other fields of specialization into the environmental sector. Sector transitioning initiatives are increasing in Canada in an effort to ensure a sufficient supply of qualified practitioners in growth sectors such as the environment and also assist employees in declining sectors looking for work.
Partners.
• Algonquin College 
• Athabasca University 
• BCIT 
• Cambrian College 
• Cape Breton University 
• Durham College 
• Loyalist College 
• Malaspina University College 
• Red River College 
• Royal Military College 
• Royal Roads University 
• Ryerson University 
• SAIT Polytechnic 
• Sault College 
• SIAST 
• Simon Fraser University 
• TELUQ 
• Thompson Rivers University 
• University of British Columbia 
• University of Guelph 
• University of New Brunswick 
• University of Northern BC 
• University of Toronto 
• University of Victoria 
• Wilfrid Laurier University

</doc>
<doc id="18826946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826946" title="55th Air Refueling Squadron">
55th Air Refueling Squadron

The 55th Air Refueling Squadron (55 ARS) is part of the 97th Air Mobility Wing at Altus Air Force Base, Oklahoma. It is one of two Air Force units that operates the formal Combat Crew Training School and Central Flight Instructor Course for KC-135 Stratotanker aircrew qualification training. 
Mission.
The squadron's mission is training of active duty, guard, reserve, and international KC-135 crewmembers.
History.
The 755th Bombardment Squadron had been activated on 1 July 1943, at Wendover Field, Utah. Beginning in 1944, the 755th was stationed at RAF Horsham St. Faith, England. During 1944 and 1945, the 755th flew B-24 combat missions in the European Theater of Operations earning seven campaign streamers and the distinction of being the test squadron for the Army Air Forces' first guided bomb project.
The 55th was reactivated on 1 November 1950. It was originally equipped with KB-29M tankers and was assigned to the 55th Strategic Reconnaissance Group at Ramey Air Force Base, Puerto Rico. On 10 October 1952, the squadron moved to Forbes Air Force Base, Kansas, as part of the 55th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing. Two years later, on 16 February 1954, the squadron moved to Lincoln Air Force Base, Nebraska, where it was inactivated two days later.
The 55th Air Refueling Squadron was again reactivated on 1 October 1955, and assigned to the 55th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing at Forbes Air Force Base, Kansas, and was re-equipped with KC-97 Stratotanker aircraft. First introduced into the Air Force inventory in 1951, the tanker could fly fast enough to refuel the B-47 bomber, thus providing the Air Force with an intercontinental strike capability.
The squadron deployed to Ernest Harmon Air Force Base, Newfoundland, from 31 October through 27 December 1956 in response to the Suez Canal crisis. During this period, the squadron participated in giant simulated combat missions involving 1,000 B-47s and KC-97s, demonstrating the United States' resolve and intercontinental war fighting capability. The deployment was instrumental in the squadron winning an Air Force Outstanding Unit Award for the period July 1956 to November 1957. During the 1959 Strategic Air Command bombing competition, the largest held to date, the 55th again demonstrated its combat readiness by winning the Saunders Trophy as the best air refueling unit in Strategic Air Command. The squadron was inactivated again in 1963.
On 28 October 1994, the 55th Air Refueling Squadron was activated as part of the 97th Air Mobility Wing at Altus Air Force Base, Oklahoma. The 55th Air Refueling Squadron is one of only two Air Education and Training Command KC-135R flying training squadrons. The 54th and 55th Air Refueling Squadrons provide KC-135R initial and advanced flight qualification. On 31 March 2009, the 55th Air Refueling Squadron was inactivated.

</doc>
<doc id="18826947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826947" title="Carl Axel Arrhenius">
Carl Axel Arrhenius

Lt. Carl Axel Arrhenius (1757–1824) was a Swedish chemist. He is most widely known as the discoverer of the element Yttrium.
Arrhenius was born in Stockholm. He was interested in mineralogy and chemistry after he met Peter Jacob Hjelm at the Swedish Royal Mint laboratory. Arrhenius was a lieutenant at the Svea artilleriregemente stationed in Vaxholm; he took part in the campaign in Finland in 1788. He was promoted to Feldzeugmeister and Lieutenant-Colonel at the Svea artilleriregemente and was handed the command in 1816 of the manufacture of powder in the kingdom. His chemistry studies started at the Royal Mint's (Kungliga Myntet) laboratory, where he studied the characteristics of powder as an artillery officer. During his visit to Paris in 1787-88 he met Antoine Lavoisier, "the father of modern chemistry", and upon his return to Sweden became an ardent defender of the revolutionary teachings in chemistry promoted by Antoine Lavoisier.
During his time in Vaxholm he also visited the feldspar mine in Ytterby on the island of Resarön near Vaxholm. He found a dark mineral which he named ytterbite and sent to Johan Gadolin at the University of Åbo for further analysis.
Arrhenius was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences from 1799 and of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences from 1817.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="18826964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826964" title="Blood Royale">
Blood Royale

Blood Royale was a board game based on medieval Europe, published by Games Workshop in 1987 and designed by Derek Carver (who also designed another Games Workshop board game, Warrior Knights). The game is currently out of print.
Game play combined management of a medieval dynasty (with rules for character creation, and centred on the creation of treaties through arranged marriages) with territorial expansion and financial reward. The winner was the player who ultimately made the most money; the other games mechanisms provided means and obstacles to this end.
As with the Games Workshop edition of Warrior Knights, the components were of a high quality and the mechanisms were innovative for their day; the designer was a well known name; the dynastic rules in particular provided a high degree of involvement for players. Criticisms of the game have centred on the length of time it may take to play.
However the game was published near the end of the time when Games Workshop was interested in publishing board games outside what would become its core milieu of Warhammer and Warhammer 40,000, and it was quickly withdrawn.
In 2005 Fantasy Flight Games acquired its rights with others old GW titles like Warrior Knights, Talisman, Fury of Dracula, etc. but after more than two years the planning for a new edition of Blood Royale was suspended for unknown problems which are probably related to the difficulty in shortening the game’s extremely long playtime.

</doc>
<doc id="18826995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18826995" title="Shoreditch Park">
Shoreditch Park

Shoreditch Park is an open space in Hoxton, in the London Borough of Hackney. It is bounded by Poole Street (to the north), Rushton and Mintern Streets (south) and New North Road (west) and Pitfield Street (east). The park derives its name from the Metropolitan Borough of Shoreditch, the local authority when it was established. The park is in extent.
The park was originally created in the 1970s on an area of terraced housing that had been devastated by the Blitz, and then used for temporary housing, known as "prefabs". In 2005 and 2006, an extensive excavation was carried out by archaeologists from the Museum of London to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the end of World War II. The excavation examined housing of the time, and investigated the damage caused by aerial bombing and missiles. It was pioneering in involving members of the local community in the project.
The park has sports facilities, an adventure playground, children's playground, London's only outdoor beach volleyball court (managed by London Beach Volleyball Club. Recent improvements include innovative low energy LED lighting, the creation of an outdoor amphitheatre in the park for theatre and cinema screenings; and an 85-tonne granite boulder by the artist John Frankland. The Britannia Leisure Centre is adjacent to the park, on its north eastern boundary.
Shoreditch Park received a Green Flag award in July 2008. The park is home to the annual Shoreditch Festival.
The nearest London Underground station is Old Street on the Northern Line. Buses 21,76,141 and 271 stop on New North Road adjacent to the park.

</doc>
<doc id="18827020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827020" title="Troxipide">
Troxipide

Troxipide is a drug used in the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease. Troxipide is a novel systemic non-antisecretory gastric cytoprotective agent with anti-ulcer, anti-inflammatory and mucus secreting properties irrespective of pH of stomach or duodenum. Troxipide is currently marketed in Japan (Aplace), China (Shuqi), South Korea (Defensa), and India (Troxip). It is used for the management of gastric ulcers, and amelioration of gastric mucosal lesions in acute gastritis and acute exacerbation of chronic gastritis.
Mechanism of action.
The unique gastric pH and content independent properties of troxipide include the following:
Gastric mucosal protection.
Gastric mucosa typically is composed of salts and other dialyzable components, free proteins, carbohydrate rich glycoprotein and water. Troxipide fortifies this gastric mucosal barrier by increasing the content of glucosamine, mucopolysaccharides and collagen. Glucosamine is an amino-sugar that is known to stimulate glycoprotein synthesis and protective mechanisms of the gastric mucosa, thereby aiding in ulcer healing. Mucopolysaccharides impart structural integrity to the gastric mucosa and collagen imparts properties like ionic capability to attract blood components essential to tissue regeneration, mechanical protection, high tensile strength and slow digestibility to the gastric mucosa.
Stimulation of cytoprotective prostaglandins.
Almost all of the gastric mucosal defense mechanisms are stimulated and/or facilitated by prostaglandins (PGs), especially PGE2. These cytoprotective PGs stimulate mucus, bicarbonate, and phospholipid secretion; increase mucosal blood flow; and accelerate epithelial restitution and mucosal healing. They also inhibit mast cell activation, and leukocyte and platelet adherence to the vascular endothelium. Thus, continuous generation of PGE2 by gastric mucosa is crucial for the maintenance of mucosal integrity and protection against ulcerogenic and necrotizing agents. Troxipide is known to stimulate the release of PGE2 and PGD2 in experimental as well as clinical studies. Troxipide has been observed to enhance PG-stimulated increase in gastric mucosal output, accelerated epithelial restitution and mucosal healing.
Suppression of gastric inflammation.
Gastric inflammation is a highly complex biochemical protective response to cellular injury. In the multitude of mechanisms involved in the development of gastric mucosal inflammation, derangement of the microcirculatory system is a common initial pathway.
Troxipide inhibits various proinflammatory mediators present at different stages of the microcirculatory system, thereby restoring the normal gastric mucosa. Troxipide caused the inhibition of recombinant interleukin-8 (IL-8) induced migration of the inflammatory cells. Two other pro-inflammatory mediators causing oxidative stress that are inhibited by Troxipide include the formyl-methionyl-leucyl-phenylalanine (fMLP) and the Platelet Activating Factor (PAF).
In addition to inhibition of pro-inflammatory mediators, troxipide directly acts on the enzymes such as xanthine oxidase and myeloperoxidase that generate free oxygen radicals in gastric mucosa. Experimental studies have demonstrated that troxipide restrains NSAID-induced generation of porphyrins, tissue peroxidation and gastric lesion formation.
Enhancement of mucosal metabolism.
Gastric parietal cells are rich in mitochondria which provide energy in the form of ATP for cells by oxidative phosphorylation, critical to maintain the proper morphology and function of gastric mucosa. The mitochondrion is the major target of intracellular oxidative stress associated with aggressive factors like "H. pylori", alcohol and NSAIDs, which disturb the energy metabolism of mitochondria. Troxipide accelerates oxygen intake of marginal gastric mucosa and glycogen consumptive stimulation of the gastric mucosa of the corpus, thereby elevating the tissue respiration and energy metabolism.
Stimulation of mucosal microcirculation.
Troxipide enhances mucosal blood flow, which is the secondary defense barrier of gastric mucosa that supplies nutrients and oxygen to the epithelium, and removes, dilutes and neutralizes toxic substances that have diffused into the mucosa from the lumen. The increment in mucosal blood flow with troxipide is more pronounced in the gastric antrum than in the gastric corpus.
Anti-"Helicobacter pylori" action.
Troxipide inhibits "H. pylori"-derived urease, a multimeric nickel-containing enzyme that catalyses the hydrolysis of urea to yield ammonia and carbonic acid, which damage host tissues and trigger inflammatory response, including recruitment of leukocytes and triggering of the oxidative burst in neutrophils.
Pharmacokinetics.
Troxipide is well absorbed throughout the gastrointestinal tract with a relative bioavailability of 99.6%. At any time, a mean concentration of 5.3- 8.9 µg of troxipide is present per gram of tissue, which is capable of inhibiting the chemotactic migration and superoxide generation in the gastric mucosa. Thus, even 3 hrs after attaining peak serum levels, troxipide is found in therapeutically active concentrations in the small intestine, liver and stomach. The elimination half-life of troxipide is 7.5 hours, and is mainly excreted in urine (96% as metabolites).
Clinical experience.
Troxipide has been well established in the treatment of gastric ulcers showing an overall amelioration rate of 79.4%. An overall endoscopic healing rate of 66.7% after 8 weeks and 80% after 12 weeks of drug administration was achieved with troxipide (100 mg t.i.d. (three times a day)). In patients with duodenal ulcers, troxipide showed endoscopic healing rate of 53.3% and 73% at 8 weeks and 12 weeks respectively. At the end of the treatment, an overall improvement of 86.6% and 93.3% was achieved in patients with gastric ulcer and duodenal ulcer respectively.
In patients with acute gastritis and acute gastric mucosal lesions, an overall amelioration rate of 82.9% has been observed with troxipide. In a comparative study evaluating the efficacy of troxipide (100 mg t.i.d.) with Ranitidine (150 mg b.i.d. (two times a day)), administered over 28 days in patients with gastritis, troxipide was statistically superior to Ranitidine, both with respect to resolution of gastritis clinical signs (abdominal pain, bloating, belching and heartburn) as well as the endoscopic evidences (erosion, oozing, redness and edema). A study comparing the efficacy of troxipide (100 mg t.i.d for 28 days) with Rabeprazole (20 mg o.d. for 28 days) in patients suffering from gastritis showed that improvement in abdominal pain and nausea was significantly superior with troxipide at the end of 14 days. Troxipide administration caused a marked reduction in clinical (abdominal pain, bloating, belching, nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite and heartburn) and endoscopic signs of gastritis by the end of the treatment, though it did not significantly differ from that of Rabeprazole.
In patients with APDs like dyspepsia, gastritis, GERD and/or gastric ulcer, uncontrolled with acid inhibitors viz. proton pump inhibitors (PPIs), histamine receptor antagonists (H2RAs) etc., troxipide (100 mg t.i.d. for 28 days) showed significant improvement in all major symptoms such as nausea, vomiting, belching, heartburn, epigastric pain, acid regurgitation, abdominal bloating & loss of appetite.
Safety and tolerability.
A post-marketing study, conducted by the innovator, in over 12,000 patients showed that only 0.75% of them developed adverse events attributable to the drug. The adverse reactions were mild to moderate, which resolved when the drug was discontinued. Commonly observed adverse events included constipation (0.19%) and increase in levels of liver enzymes, AST (0.17%) and ALT (0.25%). In a post-marketing study conducted in 1500 Indian patients, only 9 adverse events were reported in 9 patients (0.63%) that were of mild to moderate intensity. Adverse events observed included constipation, acidity, nausea, fatigue and headache, and were of mild to moderate intensity.
In all clinical studies, troxipide was well tolerated. In a comparative study with ranitidine, troxipide was assessed as a more tolerable medication than ranitidine. A favorable tolerability profile for troxipide was reported by 95.45% of the investigators as compared to 65.45% for ranitidine while favorable tolerability profile was reported by 93.67% of the patients for troxipide and 64.55% for ranitidine.

</doc>
<doc id="18827041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827041" title="Angelique Hoorn">
Angelique Hoorn

Angelique Hoorn (born April 25, 1975 in Wanneperveen) is a Dutch show jumper.
As a newcomer Hoorn reached the fourth position at the 2000 Dutch National Show Jumping Championships, announcing her appearance for the upcoming years. Together with her horse Hascal she won the 2001 Championship in Papendal. She was selected to compete in the Show Jumping World Cup circuit and managed to win a silver medal at the meeting in Jerez in 2002. A few years of less successful years followed, but in 2006 she finished third at the Dutch nationals behind Gerco Schröder and Harrie Smolders. In Mierlo in 2007 she won her second national title with her horse Blaudendraad's O'Brien, finishing in front of Gerco Schröder, Erik van Vleuten and Ben Schröder.
Due to injuries of former Olympic champion Jeroen Dubbeldam and Albert Zoer she and Marc Houtzager were selected by coach Rob Ehrens to represent the Netherlands at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Hoorn and Houtzager will compete in both the individual as well as the team competition in which they form a team with Gerco Schröder and Vincent Voorn.

</doc>
<doc id="18827048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827048" title="Razee plane">
Razee plane

A razee plane is a type of wooden bodied woodworking plane which is cut away in height toward its rear. The handle is placed just behind the point where the plane body is lowered, thus putting the user's hand, and the thrust, closer to the wood. The description is apparently derived from the razee ship conversion, in which the ship is cut down to remove some of the upperworks.

</doc>
<doc id="18827060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827060" title="Ian Griggs">
Ian Griggs

Ian Macdonald Griggs (born 17 May 1928) was the 2nd Anglican Bishop of Ludlow from 1987 until 1994.
Griggs was educated at Brentwood School (Essex) and Trinity Hall, Cambridge before embarking on an ecclesiastical career with a Curacy at St Cuthbert’s, Portsmouth. After incumbencies at Sheffield he was appointed Archdeacon then Bishop of Ludlow.

</doc>
<doc id="18827079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827079" title="Aluminium glycinate">
Aluminium glycinate

Aluminium glycinate (or dihydroxyaluminum aminoacetate) is an antacid.

</doc>
<doc id="18827085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827085" title="E-Junior">
E-Junior

E-Junior (styled as e-Junior) is a children's television channel based in the United Arab Emirates created by e-Vision targeted towards 0-14 year old children. The channel was created by e-Vision (television service for Etisalat subscribers) and it's exclusive for e-Vision customers.
History.
E-Junior was launched in August 2001. There were two separate channels, one in English and one in Arabic. In 2004 it became one channel with two languages. Viewers can use the remote control and press a blue button to change language or subtitles.
New look.
When e-Junior celebrated its 8th anniversary in 2009, e-Junior had a new look and a new logo. It now has four mascots: Red, Blue, Orange and Green. Red is for Movies. Blue is for preschool shows. Orange is for live action shows and green is for cartoons.
Schedule.
Unlike other children channels (except SpaceToon), this is not a 24 hour channel. The times are:
All shows depending on the show's audience target will be divided into 4 groups. 1 group is for pre-school shows. 1 group is for animations. 1 group is for live-action shows. And 1 group is for movies.
Schedule.
Every month schedules changing check the of e-Junior at [www.ejunior.ae]
Slogans.
2001–present: The Coolest Kids TV In Town
2001–present: Be Cool Think Bright
External links.
For more websites of the show go to the website.

</doc>
<doc id="18827100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827100" title="Aloglutamol">
Aloglutamol

Aloglutamol is an antacid, an aluminium compound. It is a salt of aluminium, gluconic acid, and tris. It is usually given orally in doses of 0.5 to 1 g. Proprietary names include Altris, Pyreses, Tasto and Sabro.

</doc>
<doc id="18827103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827103" title="ANC Sports">
ANC Sports

ANC Sports Enterprises, is a sports marketing and signage company based in Purchase, New York. ANC’s product and service offering includes Light Emitting Diode (“LED”), rotational, and fixed visual displays; digital media software and control systems; signage operation and maintenance; marketing consultation; graphic design; and printing production.
Over the past decade ANC has completed signage renovations in venues such as the new Cowboys Stadium in Arlington, TX, Nationals Park in Washington, D.C., Consol Energy Center in Pittsburgh, PA and most recently Fenway Park in Boston, MA.
The company also introduced advertising signs behind the backboard for NCAA and NBA games. The signs are three feet by one foot wide and are attached to the basket stanchion support arms. In 2007 State Farm became the first sponsor to partake in the Basket Profile program.
History.
ANC Sports Enterprises was originally founded in 1997 by Jerry Cifarelli, current CEO, and Alan N. Cohen, former co-owner of the Boston Celtics.
ANC acquired exclusive North American rights to Space & Time rotational signage technology in 1997 and in its first year of operations, entered into an agreement with the WNBA to provide each team with all of its rotational signage. The following year, the Company added 19 new clients who would utilize courtside and back-lit fascia rotational signage. Today, ANC is the supplier of rotational signage for more than 200 teams and venues in professional and collegiate sports.
ANC Sports formed a technology division, ANC Technologies, in 1999. ANC Technologies developed FasciaSOFT, an operating engine for LED systems, permitting the company to debut the first 360° LED fascia signage in the National Hockey League. That same year, ANC Marketing was created to provide consulting services and assist clients with marketing strategies. ANC Marketing also helped grow sponsorship revenue streams by executing programs based on each individual client’s business. ANC Design was added in 2001 to create custom LED graphics and animations as well as meet its clients’ graphic needs created by their new LED fascia systems.
ANC directed LED installations and was selected to provide ongoing operational services for digital fascia and scoreboard signage at venues such as Cleveland's Quicken Loans Arena, Minnesota's Target Center, Philadelphia's Wells Fargo Center and Toronto's Air Canada Centre from 2002 through 2006.
During this time, ANC Marketing expanded into a national advertising sales division, including creating the basket stanchion arm advertising position. 
During the same period, ANC debuted a new LED operating software called VisionSOFT. VisionSOFT is the first 3D interface capable of controlling multiple displays through one console, and also capable of distributing uncompressed video to its displays, eliminating distortion. The VisionSOFT application also operates DLP Digital Courtside press tables, which during the 2005-06 season became the first courtside digital signage to be approved for an NBA event.
Shortly after introducing digital courtside press tables, ANC expanded ANC Marketing into a national advertising sales division and formed a manufacturing relationship with Mitsubishi Electric. Following its new relationship with Mitsubishi, the company has completed large LED signage projects such as the Washington Nationals’ new ballpark, Washington D.C.’s Verizon Center and Portland’s Rose Garden.
The VisionSOFT application also operates DLP Digital Courtside press tables, which during the 2005-06 season became the first courtside digital signage to be approved for an NBA event. Shortly after introducing digital courtside press tables, ANC expanded ANC Marketing into a national advertising sales division. ANC Sports then debuted new LED and DLP II Courtside Signage Systems in the NBA and NCAA. 
VisionSOFT was selected to operate the LED display system at Pittsburgh's Consol Energy Center in 2010.ANC renovated Fenway Park with a high-definition video display system in 2011.The year has also been one of firsts as ANC installed and operated LED signage around the perimeter of a tennis court for the first time during a professional event in the United States and provided digital signage for the Dodge National Circuit Finals Rodeo in Oklahoma. ANC also collaborated with The Caesars Tribute to the Golden Age of Ice Skating held in Atlantic City, in 2010, providing the digital signage along the rim of the ice.
In 2012 ANC’s VisionSOFT was named as finalist to international Stadium Business Awards. Additionally,in 2012, ANC installed the largest end zone LED video screens in the world at LP Field and designed a unique1080p rectangular center-hung scoreboard with the Indiana Pacers.  In 2013, ANC installed new hexagonal video screens with the Los Angeles Dodgers and integrated the largest high-definition video screen in baseball with the Seattle Mariners. 
Recent projects.
Seattle Mariners-2013
ANC Sports integrated a new Panasonic video screen into Safeco Field for the start of the 2013 Major League Baseball Season. This video display is the largest in Major League Baseball measuring approximately 56-feet high by 201-feet wide,covering more than 11,256 square feet. The 1080 x 3840 screen resolution features new surface mount (SMD) LED technology and includes over 4 million physical pixels. ANC added an LED scoreboard measuring approximately 11 feet wide by 12 feet high in the outfield. The signage is operated through ANC’s VisionSOFT.
LA Dodgers- 2013 
Indiana Pacers-2012   
ANC Sports & the Indiana Pacers debuted a unique slightly curved center-hung design featuring twin 6mm LED high definition (HD)1080p video screens, each measuring 50 feet long- extending nearly foul line to foul line - by 21 feet high, driven by ANC's Sports VisionSOFT™ operating system.  The new structure weighs approximately 45,000 lbs and also features two end line facing video displays which measure 25' wide by 14' high, more than double the size of the old center-hung video displays. ANC spearheaded the engineering, installation and operation of the new scoreboard, which is complemented by two new end zone LED matrix displays placed above the upper deck measuring 23' wide by 10'high.  
Tennessee Titans-2012 
ANC Sports partnered with the Tennessee Titans to enhance the fan experience at LP Field through the integration of over 24,000 square feet of active LED signage for the 2012 season. The new video system is highlighted by two new ANC LED video screens, each measuring 54’ wide by 157’ high, which are the largest end zone video displays and the second largest displays in the National Football League. Through a ten year partnership with the Titans, ANC creates content and operates the display system driven by ANC’s VisionSOFT.
Brigham Young University- 2012
ANC installed two high-definition video screens measuring 35 feet high by 50 feet wide at LaVell Edwards Stadium in2012. In addition to the video screens LaVell Edwards Stadium has more than 950feet of ANC’s 25mm LED ribbon. Approximately 240 feet of LED ribbon will flank both sides of each scoreboard, running across the top of the stadium. These displays will measure approximately four feet tall and will provide the stadium with real-time statistics, energetic animations, University branding and sponsor acknowledgements. The display system is operated through ANC’s VisionSOFT. 
Boston Red Sox - 2011<br>
ANC Sports installed three new Diamond Vision video screens for the 2011 MLB season. Driven by ANC's patent-pending VisionSOFT operating system, the new displays will allow for more content at the ballpark, including any number of formats such as full-screen live video, game action accompanied by real-time statistics, sponsor graphics partnered with the box scores or any combination of visuals and game information.
Seattle Mariners - 2011<br>
ANC Sports replaced a series of static sponsor signs and old-fashioned incandescent light matrix boards at Safeco Field with state-of-the-art LED boards. The new boards are on the fascia of the Wells Fargo Terrace Club stretching from the edges of the Press Box down the first and third base lines, and above the Lower Outfield Reserved seats in right field. They will utilize ANC's patent-pending VisionSOFT technology. This is the second project in which the Mariners partners with ANC Sports. Prior to the 2010 season, ANC installed a new out-of-town scoreboard.
Penn State University Rec Hall - 2010<br>
ANC Sports Enterprises installed two new Mitsubishi Electric Diamond Vision video screens at Penn State University’s Rec Hall, home of the Nittany Lion gymnastics, volleyball and wrestling teams. Previously, ANC installed LED systems at the University’s Beaver Stadium and the Bryce Jordan Center. The displays will feature dynamic animations, team logos, crowd prompts, animated team introductions, student athlete videos and real-time statistics.
Miami Heat - 2010<br>
ANC Sports installed two 30-foot 6mm Diamond Vision™ LED Modules at the courtside level and four 16mm Mitsubishi Diamond Vision™ LED Modules, each measuring approximately 8.4 feet in height by 14.9 feet in width, which served as the corner displays. The courtside displays are featured on both the camera visible and opposite sides of the court. The Heat also employ ANC's VisionSOFT operating system to allow for control of displays inside and outside of AmericanAirlines Arena.
Indiana Pacers - 2010<br>
ANC installed and operates over 1000 feet of animated 20mm Diamond Vision ribbon board around the entire upper fascia of Conseco Fieldhouse, between the second and third levels. Additionally, ANC replaced the current rotational signage at the top of the center-hung scoreboard with 16mm Diamond Vision matrix displays measuring approximately 15 feet wide by 4 feet high.
Xavier University Cintas Center - 2010<br>
ANC Sports Enterprises installed a new light emitting diode signage (LED) system at the Cintas Center, Xavier University’s multipurpose sports and entertainment arena. The signage system is highlighted by a center-hung scoreboard which features eight LED video displays and a 42’ long circular LED ribbon. Four Mitsubishi Electric Diamond Vision™ 10mm video screens measuring 7' 9" high by 10'10" make up the center-hung scoreboard. Additionally, the structure features four 3' 6" high by 10' 5" wide scoring matrix which are capable of seamlessly transitioning from real-time statistics to vibrant full motion animations.

</doc>
<doc id="18827109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827109" title="Rutherford Creek">
Rutherford Creek

Rutherford Creek is a tributary of the Green River, British Columbia, Canada, entering that river a few miles above Nairn Falls Provincial Park, near the village of Pemberton. The creek's headwaters are on the eastern side of the Pemberton Icefield. from where it flows southeast for the first half of its course, then generally east for the remainder. It is approximately 24km in length.
Rutherford Creek is the location of one of only two artificial whitewater kayaking courses in Canada, the other being located in Ottawa. The course was built as a part of a 50 megawatt run-of-the-river hydroelectric facility built by the private Rutherford Creek Power Ltd. in cooperation with the Mount Currie First Nation, the Squamish-Lillooet Regional District, the BC Whitewater Kayaking Association and the Pemberton Snowmobile Club.
2003 washout/flooding.
Rutherford Creek became the focus of disaster relief when a Pineapple Express bearing more rain than has ever been recorded before reached the area, and was made worse because the freezing line was well above the elevation of the Pemberton Icecap, which began to melt in torrential fashion. Rutherford Creek is one of the main streams leading from that icecap and the torrent which came down it wiped out the bridges used to cross it by BC Highway 99 and the BC Rail line.

</doc>
<doc id="18827122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827122" title="Marc Houtzager">
Marc Houtzager

Marc Houtzager (born January 9, 1971 in Rouveen, Overijssel) is a Dutch show jumper.
Houtzager competed in the 2002 Show Jumping World Cup circuit and won the meeting in Dublin. After that he kept on riding international tournaments, but never succeeded on World Cup level again. In 2008 he and his team mates became Dutch national champion in Mierlo. Houtzager himself won an additional silver medal at the event in the individual competition. He was selected to represent the Netherlands at the Super League meeting in Rome where they finished fourth. At the CHIO in Rotterdam he became fifth in the individual competition. Later that year he finished fourth at the Grand Prix in Aachen with his horse Opium.
Due to injuries of former Olympic champion Jeroen Dubbeldam and Albert Zoer he and Angelique Hoorn were selected by coach Rob Ehrens to represent the Netherlands at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Houtzager and Hoorn will compete in both the individual as well as the team competition in which they form a team with Gerco Schröder and Vincent Voorn.

</doc>
<doc id="18827123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827123" title="Aluminium acetoacetate">
Aluminium acetoacetate

Aluminium acetoacetate is an antacid.

</doc>
<doc id="18827135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827135" title="Abu Dhabi Urban Planning Council">
Abu Dhabi Urban Planning Council

The Abu Dhabi Urban Planning Council was created by Emiri Decree number 23 of the year 2007 and is the agency responsible for the future of Abu Dhabi’s urban environments, and the expert authority behind the Plan Abu Dhabi 2030 Urban Structure Framework Plan published September 2007. Chaired by His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and Chairman of the Abu Dhabi Executive Council, the Abu Dhabi Urban Planning Council defines the shape of the Emirate, ensuring factors such as sustainability, infrastructure capacity, community planning and quality of life, by overseeing development across the city and the Emirate as a whole. The Abu Dhabi Urban Planning Council ensures best practice in planning for both new and existing urban areas.
The Abu Dhabi Urban Planning Council’s primary purpose is to deliver upon the vision of His Highness Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, President of the UAE, Ruler of Abu Dhabi for the continued fulfillment of the grand design envisaged by the late Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan and the ongoing evolution of Abu Dhabi as a global capital city. By drawing on urban planning expertise locally, throughout the GCC and around the world, the UPC strives to be a global authority on the future of urban planning and design.

</doc>
<doc id="18827143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827143" title="Dihydroxialumini sodium carbonate">
Dihydroxialumini sodium carbonate

Dihydroxialumini sodium carbonate is an antacid.
It is also known as "dihydroxyaluminium sodium carbonate".

</doc>
<doc id="18827155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827155" title="KITN">
KITN

KITN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18827158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827158" title="Yoshiyuki Kono">
Yoshiyuki Kono


</doc>
<doc id="18827181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827181" title="China at the 1952 Summer Olympics">
China at the 1952 Summer Olympics

The People's Republic of China (PRC) sent a delegation to the Olympic Games for the first time at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland.
Prior to the foundation of the PRC in 1949, athletes from mainland China competed for the Republic of China (ROC) at the Olympic Games in 1932, 1936, and 1948. After the Chinese Civil War, 19 of the 25 members of the Chinese Olympic Committee (COC) withdrew to the island of Taiwan in 1951, and the COC was reorganized in Beijing.
Both Committees wrote to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) requesting that they participate in the upcoming Games in Helsinki. The IOC passed a motion that: 
Just one day prior to the opening of the Games, the COC received the invitation from the Organizing Committee. Despite the lack of jet air transportation to fly the team from Beijing to Helsinki in time for the Opening Ceremonies, the COC decided to send its delegation anyway. The Chinese athletes arrived at the athlete's village on July 29 and raised the flag of the People's Republic of China for the first time in Olympic history.
The Chinese delegation (including athletes and officials) consisted of 38 men and 2 women, including the men's football team, the men's basketball team, and the lone swimmer Wu Chuanyu. Only Wu Chuanyu arrived in time to take part in the official competition, while the football team played two friendly matches. The Chinese stayed 10 days in Helsinki and participated in the closing ceremony.
The Republic of China's team withdrew from the Games on July 17 in response to the IOC's decision to allow both PRC and ROC athletes to compete. This marked the beginning of the "two Chinas" conflict in the Olympics, which resulted in the PRC Olympic Committee's withdrawal from the IOC in August 1958. The issue was resolved in November 1979, and the People's Republic of China participated in the 1980 Winter Olympics—their first appearance since the 1952 Games.
Swimming.
China had one entry in the swimming competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18827184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827184" title="Valentin Cosmin Lipitor">
Valentin Cosmin Lipitor

Valentin Cosmin Lipitor (born 24 February 1982) is a Romanian footballer. He plays as goalkeeper. He is a free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="18827202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827202" title="Shun Yashiro">
Shun Yashiro

Yashiro was best known for his roles in "Inakappe Taishō" (as Nishihajime), "Secret Squirrel" (as Morocco Mole), the 1973 "Doraemon" anime (as Suneo Honekawa), and Disney productions (as Winnie-the-Pooh)
History.
Yashiro graduated from Meiji University's School of Political Science and Economics. Afterward, he became a member of the voice actor management company Theater Echo, performing in a number of radio dramas. Yashiro died of a stroke on June 25, 2003 at the age of 70.
Successors.
After Shun Yashiro's death, the following voice actors were chosen to take over his ongoing roles:

</doc>
<doc id="18827209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827209" title="List of Arminia Bielefeld seasons">
List of Arminia Bielefeld seasons

This is a list of seasons played by Arminia Bielefeld in German football, from their first competitive to the most recent completed season. It details the club's achievements in major competitions, and the top scorers for each season.
The club was formed on 3 May 1905 as "1. Bielefelder Fußballclub (BFC) Arminia". The "Fußballclub Siegfried Bielefeld" joined Arminia two years later. On 7 July 1919, Arminia merged with the "Bielefelder Turngemeinde 1848" and became known as "Turngemeinde Arminia Bielefeld". However, this merger was not successful and had to declare bankruptcy on 20 October 1922. The 1. BFC Arminia was reestablished on 6 November 1922 and was renamed into the current name, "Deutscher Sportclub Arminia Bielefeld", on 30 January 1926.
Key.
Name in bold indicates the league's top scorer.

</doc>
<doc id="18827221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827221" title="Vincent Voorn">
Vincent Voorn

Vincent Voorn (born February 16, 1984 in Someren) is a Dutch show jumper. His father is Albert Voorn who also competed as an international show jumper.
Voorn won the Dutch National Championship for young riders in 2004 with his horse Gestion Priamus Z. In 2005 he represented the Netherlands at the European Championships in Schaffhausen where he and Gestion Priamus Z won the gold medal. Two years later in Mannheim, 2007 he won another European title, although this time in the team competition instead of as an individual.
Voorn was selected by coach Rob Ehrens to represent the Netherlands at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He formed a team with Gerco Schröder, Marc Houtzager and Angelique Hoorn. Houtzager and Hoorn joined the team after former Olympic champion Jeroen Dubbeldam and Albert Zoer had to withdraw due to injuries. He finished tied for 40th position in the individual show jumping and was part of the Dutch team that finished 4th in the team jumping.

</doc>
<doc id="18827224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827224" title="Nabu-apla-iddina">
Nabu-apla-iddina

Nabû-apla-iddina, inscribed md"Nábû-ápla-iddina"na or md"Nábû-apla-íddina", = ca. 888 – 855 BC, was the 6th king of the dynasty of "E" of Babylon and he reigned for at least 32 years. During much of Nabû-apla-iddina's reign Babylon faced a significant rival in Assyria under the rule of Aššur-nāṣir-apli II. Nabû-apla-iddina was able to avoid both outright war and significant loss of territory although there was some low level conflict including a case where he sent a party of troops led by his brother to aid rebels in Suhu (Suhi,Sukhu,Suru). Later in his reign Nabu-apla-iddina agreed to a treaty with Aššur-nāṣir-apli II’s successor Šulmānu-ašarēdu III. Internally Nabu-apla-iddina worked on the reconstruction of temples and something of a literary revival took place during his reign with many older works being recopied.
Biography.
The 9th century BC was marked by a recovery of sorts after terrible instability of the preceding hundred and fifty years when Aramaean tribes had wantonly raided into Mesopotamia. He was the 2nd of four successive generations of a single family to rule. His father, Nabû-šuma-ukin I, had preceded him and he was to be succeeded by his son, Marduk-zakir-šumi I. The "Synchronistic Kinglist" gives his Assyrian contemporary as Aššur-nāṣir-apli II although his reign extended on into that of Šulmānu-ašarēdu III.
He provided troops to the state of Suḫu (Suhi) in the middle Euphrates valley as part of its 878 BC revolt against Aššur-nāṣir-apli II. Kudurru,the governor of the fortress of Suru had defiantly refused to pay the Assyrians tribute, provoking their wrath. Nabû-apla-iddina's own 
brother Zabdanu and the diviner Bel-apli-iddina led the army of 3000 and following their defeat were taken prisoner. Although Aššur-nāṣir-apli claimed to have conquered the border fortresses Hirimmu and Harutu in his own inscriptions, this may be a restatement of his father, Tukulti-Ninurta II’s campaigns.
His reign marks the last time a governor of Isin was to appear as a prominent official in a legal document, and the roles of Kassites were to be central to the monarchy, occupying high positions at court. The province of Chaldea in southern Babylonia was first mentioned and the "šakin temi" begins to serve as regional governor. There was a shift in fashion, where, for example, the feathered crown is replaced by a peaked dome as a headdress of the king.
His inscriptions adorn perhaps five kudurrus, a possession inscription of his eldest son, and he is referenced in three Assyrian kinglists and two chronicles. Towards the end of his reign he concluded a treaty with Šulmānu-ašarēdu III which was to prove instrumental in stabilizing his successor Marduk-zakir-šumi I’s rule, following the revolt of his brother, Marduk-bēl-ušati. His reign is mentioned in a later copy of an offering list of aromatics used in the cult of Marduk in the Esagila at Babylon, and in a contemporary temple ordinance tablet distributing meats in the Eanna temple in Uruk.
The Sun God tablet.
The ravages of the Suteans during the 11th century reign of Adad-apla-iddina (1067-1046 BC) had resulted in the cities of Uruk and Nippur being sacked and temples of Sippar being so thoroughly destroyed that the cultic iconography of Šamaš was irretrievably lost. The intervening reign of Simbar-Šipak (ca.1025-1008 BC) had resulted in a votive disc being suspended as a substitute and a priest, Ekur-šum-ušabši, being appointed. Under the reign of Kaššu-nādin-aḫi (ca 1006-1004 BC)) a prebend had been provided to the priest. Not until Nabû-apla-iddina’s reign, however, was a replacement icon crafted for installation in the Ebabbar temple in Sippar, celebrated in the Sun God Tablet (pictured), also known as the "tablet of Shamash". He is portrayed being led by Nabû-nadin-shum, the priest and descendant of Ekur-šum-ušabši, and the goddess Aa, facing the seated figure of Šamaš. The inscription celebrates Nabû-apla-iddina’s victory over the Sutû, the “evil foe,” being the first Babylonian king in over two centuries (since Nabû-kudurrī-uṣur I, ca. 1126–1103 BC) to claim a military title, “heroic warrior .. who bears an awe-inspiring bow …,” for their overthrow.
The tablet was rediscovered some 250 years later by Nabû-apal-usur (625 BC - 605 BC), when it was already broken, and he had it placed in a clay box with his own inscription for safe keeping where it was discovered in the 19th century.
Literary revival.
There is some evidence for a literary revival, with fresh editions of the "Utukkū Lemnūtu" series and the "Sakikkū" (SA.GIG) texts prepared, and for the sharing of a scribe between the Babylonian and Assyrian courts. Kabti-ilani-Marduk’s work, the "Epic of the plague god Erra", is sometimes dated to his reign and is certainly of this period.

</doc>
<doc id="18827245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827245" title="Middle Spring Presbyterian Church">
Middle Spring Presbyterian Church

The Middle Spring Presbyterian Church was first built in 1738 by some of the earliest Scotch Irish settlers in Pennsylvania, and is much discussed in the histories of early Pennsylvania in general and Cumberland County, Pennsylvania in particular.
Scotch-Irish Settlers.
Middle Spring Presbyterian Church is located in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania in the small community of Middle Spring, Pennsylvania on present day Pennsylvania State Route 4001 (old Pennsylvania 696), two and six-tenths miles north of Shippensburg, Pennsylvania. A group of Scotch Irish immigrants settled in this area in about 1730. The Scotch Irish were the earliest settlers on the Pennsylvania frontier of the early 18th century. As one author puts it:
Founding of the Church.
In those days, the Middle Spring area was very much a part of this rugged frontier, where Indian attacks were common. Many of these early settlers fell victim to these attacks. These immigrants brought their Scotch Presbyterian origins with them. Presbyterian preaching began on this site in the open air as early as 1736. These settlers erected a Presbyterian Church building at this Middle Spring site in 1738, close to the bank of the small Middle Spring creek that ran through the area. The pioneer Scotch-Irish settlers in the Cumberland Valley almost always built their churches near streams and springs to have available an abundant source of water. The first building was a log church, which became not only a house of worship but a gathering place for the early settlers in the area. There are two other springs in the area – Big Spring and Rocky Spring. They called the church site "Middle Spring", because it was located mid-way between the Big Spring and the Rocky Spring. The church was thirty-five feet square. It had slab benches, a dirt floor and was unheated. The pulpit was high and was set against the wall. The precentor's desk was positioned right below and in front of it.
Attending the Frontier Church.
Prolific local historian, Belle Swope writes the following about her family members, Robert Quigley and his wife, Mary Jacob Quigley, who were among the early members of the Middle Spring Presbyterian Church at a time when it still held services in the very wild frontier of backwoods Pennsylvania.
Original Church Replaced.
The parishioners replaced the first log church with another in the 1760s. In turn, they replaced this church with the "Old Stone Church" in 1781. However, it suffered from a "structural defect". So, the congregation had to tear it down and replace it in 1847. At that time, they moved the church from where the old cemetery is still located (about one-tenth mile to the northwest) to its present location. A Christian Education Building was added to the 1847 sanctuary in 1964. There are four cemeteries associated with Middle Spring Church: the Lower Cemetery, the Upper Cemetery, and the Modern Cemetery;Hannah's Cemetery is locateds outside of Newburg. 

</doc>
<doc id="18827252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827252" title="Willie Mitchell (basketball)">
Willie Mitchell (basketball)

Willie Dion Mitchell III (born 1975) is an American professional basketball player. In high school, he was the 1994 Mr. Basketball of Michigan. He attended the University of Michigan and the University of Alabama at Birmingham before becoming a professional. He has had multiple stints in the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) and various foreign basketball leagues. He was a passenger in the rollover accident whose investigation led to the University of Michigan basketball scandal.
High school.
The Mitchell earned the 1994 Mr. Basketball of Michigan title after leading Detroit Pershing High School to two Michigan High School Athletic Association (MHSAA) Class A basketball championships in 1992 and 1993 as well as a runner-up finish in 1994. During his time at Pershing the team accumulated a 92–11 record. He averaged 21.9 points and 11 rebounds during his senior season, but the team lost to Detroit Public School League rival Robert Traylor's Detroit Murray-Wright High School in the MHSAA championships. He was named both McDonald's All-American and Magic’s Roundball Classic selections during his senior season. He was named "Detroit News" All-State his sophomore (4th team), junior and senior seasons.
College.
He was part of a highly touted Michigan Wolverines men's basketball recruiting class dubbed Fab Five II or Frosh Five that included Maurice Taylor, Jerod Ward, Maceo Baston, and Travis Conlan and that entered Michigan during the senior season of Jimmy King and Ray Jackson (the only two original Fab Five members who did not declare early for the National Basketball Association). During his sophomore 1995–1996 season he missed seven games between December 5, 1995–January 3, 1996 to a knee injury. After returning to the lineup, he was a passenger in the February 17, 1996 rollover accident whose investigation led to the University of Michigan basketball scandal. Although he was involved in the accident, he was not among the players called before the grand jury (Robert Traylor, Chris Webber, Jalen Rose, Maurice Taylor, and Louis Bullock) and was not found to have received large amounts of money. He and Ward were 1994 McDonald's All-American Team members and the following season 1995 McDonald's All-Americans Bullock, Traylor, and Albert White would also join Michigan. He had started the last three games prior to his knee injury after having started only five of the first thirty-five games of his Michigan career. After returning from the injury, he only started two of eighteen games. Willie Mitchell transferred to the UAB Blazers men's basketball team after the 1996 season.
Professional.
He was drafted in the 1999 CBA draft by the Yakama Sun Kings. He played one season for the Kings before playing professionally in Europe and Asia until 2006. In 2006, he played in the American Basketball Association before returning to the CBA in 2007 where he played for the Minot Skyrockets. He most recently played for the Quad City Riverhawks in 2008. Among the other teams he has played for are the Hong Kong Flying Dragons of the Chinese Basketball Association, Vantaa Pussihukat of the Korisliiga, and AZS Koszalin of the Dominet Basket Liga. He has also been affiliated with San Diego Stingrays of the International Basketball Association and the Detroit Wheels of the American Basketball Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18827266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827266" title="Thomas H. Lee (engineering professor)">
Thomas H. Lee (engineering professor)

Thomas H. Lee is an electrical engineering professor at Stanford University. In 1994 he founded the "Stanford Microwave Integrated Circuits Laboratory". He has written and co-authored several books and papers, and recently concluded a tour of duty as the director of DARPA's Microsystems Technology Office.
Early life and education.
Lee received his S.B. (1983), S.M. (1985) and Sc.D. (1990) degrees in electrical engineering, from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Career.
From 1990 through 1992, Lee worked on high-speed clock recovery with Analog Devices. In 1992, he joined Rambus Inc. where he developed high-speed analog circuitry for 500 megabyte/s CMOS DRAMs. He cofounded Matrix Semiconductor, which was acquired by Sandisk in 2006, and is also the founder of ZeroG Wireless, acquired by Microchip Technology in January 2010.
In April 2011 he began a leave of absence from Stanford University to serve as Director of the Microsystems Technology Office of DARPA.
Dr. Lee is a co-founder of Ayla Networks.
Awards and memberships.
He is the winner of the 2011 Ho-Am Prize in Engineering, informally known as "the Korean Nobel Prize."

</doc>
<doc id="18827272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827272" title="Orugoru no Chiisana Hakubutsukan">
Orugoru no Chiisana Hakubutsukan

Orugoru no Chiisana Hakubutsukan(オルゴールの小さな博物館) is a museum of self-playing musical instruments, located in Bunkyo-ku in Tokyo. It houses the private collection of Yoshihito Namura. The museum has closed its doors on May 15, 2013.
The museum was the first of its kind in Japan when it opened in May 1983. The current building was erected in 2003.
"Orugoru no Chiisana Hakubutsukan" offers an overview of the development of mechanical musical reproducers which were made from the end of the 18th to the 20th century.
Visitors experience demonstrations of antique musical devices accompanied by scholarly explanation. The museum has closed its doors on May 15, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18827273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827273" title="German submarine U-51">
German submarine U-51

U-51 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="18827309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827309" title="Louis Brower">
Louis Brower

Louis Lester Brower (July 1, 1900 – March 4, 1994) was a Major League Baseball player. Brower was a shortstop for the Detroit Tigers in the 1931 season. He had a .161 batting average, with ten hits in 62 at-bats. He played 21 games in his one-year career. 
Louis Brower was born in Cleveland, Ohio and died in Tyler, Texas

</doc>
<doc id="18827326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827326" title="Tomioka Hachiman Shrine">
Tomioka Hachiman Shrine

History.
The shrine was founded in 1627 with reclamation of the shoal. The God Hachiman whom the shrine reveres was also a local Shinto deity of the Minamoto clan thus the shinto shrine received cordial protection by the Tokugawa shogunate. On other hand, the shrine was cordinal revered from the people of shitamachi, and familiar as "Hachiman of Fukagawa". 
At the Meiji period, the shrine lost the cordial protection like Edo period, but was chosen as by the Meiji government though it was the one inferior to Hikawa Shrine and other major shrines in the status that the government had provided.
On March 10, 1945, the shrine was burnt down by the bombing of Tokyo. On March 18, the Emperor Hirohito who was inspecting the burnt area visited here and received the explanation about the damage in precincts. At the returning to his palace, the emperor described his impression to Hisanori Fujita, his Grand Chamberlains, compared with Great Kanto Earthquake in 1923 had seen in his Crown Prince age:
After the war, two stone monuments to commemorate the visit were built in precincts.
Sumo.
Tomioka Hachiman Shrine is also known as the birthplace of , founded in 1684 and origin of the current professional sumo.
Two basho (Spring and Autumn) were held at the shrine every year under the permission of the shogunate, and banzuke and other major systems were created in this period. After almost 80 years, basho had been held also in other places in Edo (Tokyo), then Ekōin came to hold all basho since 1833. In Meiji period (1868–1912), sumo strengthened the relation with Shintoism to survive because of losses of supports from the shogunate and daimyos, who lost power by the Meiji Restoration, thus the Shinto shrine came to be valued further by sumo.
In 1900 (Meiji 33), the stone monument to commend successive yokozuna, the , was built by Jinmaku Kyūgorō, the 12th yokozuna. Now, the stone inscribed with the shikonas of all yokozuna until Hakuhō Shō, the 69th yokozuna, and "unrivaled rikishi" Raiden Tameemon. The shrine has many other stone monuments related to sumo.
Thus, when a rikishi reaches the rank of yokozuna, a dedication in the form of dohyō-iri is done at the shrine.

</doc>
<doc id="18827328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827328" title="Vladimir Pasechnik">
Vladimir Pasechnik

Vladimir Artemovich Pasechnik (12 October 1937 Stalingrad, USSR — 21 November 2001, Wiltshire, England) was a senior Soviet biologist and bioweaponeer who defected to the UK in 1989, alerting Western intelligence to the vast scope of Moscow's clandestine biological warfare (BW) program, known as Biopreparat. His revelations that the program was ten times larger than previously suspected were confirmed in 1992 with the defection to the United States of Colonel Kanatjan Alibekov, the No. 2 scientist for the program.
Biography.
A native of Leningrad, many members of Pasechnik’s family, including his parents, perished in the Nazi siege of that city during the World War II. Pasechnik studied at the Leningrad Polytechnical Institute, where he was one of the institute's brightest stars, graduating at the top of his class. Pasechnik initially specialized in the study of polymers for biological uses at the Institute of High Molecular Compounds in Leningrad. The intent was to develop new antibiotics and other treatments.
In 1974, at the age of 37, Pasechnik was invited by a general from the Soviet Ministry of Defence to start his own biotechnology institute in Leningrad and he was given “an unlimited budget” to buy equipment in the West and recruit the best staff available. The laboratory he created was in reality part of the countrywide Biopreparat program. Known as the Institute of Ultra Pure Biochemical Preparations, it was to work on a strain of plague. The laboratory actually began operating in 1981, and over the next two years Pasechnik realized that, far from running a civilian research operation dedicated to vaccine development, as he had been promised, he had become part of a vast network of laboratories and factories involved in a massive BW program.
According to Pasechnik, the Institute, which had a staff of about 400, did research on modifying cruise missiles to spread the plague. The weapons system was to operate by flying low to avoid early-warning systems and use robot craft to spray clouds of aerosolized pathogens over unsuspecting enemies. The team succeeded in producing an aerosolized version of the plague microbe that could survive outside a lab. This version of the organism was genetically-engineered to be resistant to antibiotics.
In the mid-1980s, Pasechnik became increasingly dissatisfied. ("I couldn't sleep at night, thinking about what we were doing," he would tell his British handlers.) He began to plan a defection in 1988, but had never been permitted to travel abroad. His chance came in the summer of 1989, when in recognition of past performance he was allowed to travel to Toulouse to sign the contracts of a pending deal with a French maker of chemical laboratory equipment. Rather than signing, he reported to the British Embassy in Paris. Once revealed, the Soviet government insisted that Pasechnik’s research had been intended to defend against acts of biological warfare by an enemy and that the program had been stopped.
In early 1993, the British government permitted Pasechnik to speak publicly. The next year, writer James Adams told Pasechnik’s story in a book, "The New Spies". Pasechnik lived in Wiltshire and worked at the UK Department of Health's centre for applied microbiological research at Porton Down, before forming Regma Biotechnologies, which is involved in research into tuberculosis and other drug resistant infections.
Pasechnik died of a stroke in 2001. He was survived by his wife, Natasha, a daughter and two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="18827330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827330" title="National Parks of New York Harbor">
National Parks of New York Harbor

National Parks of New York Harbor is the name of an office of the National Park Service that coordinates administration of ten NPS sites that include 23 unique destinations located in the New York metropolitan area. National Parks of New York Harbor was formed in 2003 and administers properties ranging from the Statue of Liberty National Monument in New York Harbor to Gateway National Recreation Area in several locations and Saint Paul's Church National Historic Site in Mount Vernon, New York. Despite its name, technically the office does not oversee any national parks, but rather national monuments, national memorials, national historic sites, and a large national recreation area. Properties overseen by the office make up and attract more than 12 million visitors each year. They are served by a visitor's center at Federal Hall National Memorial.
History.
The National Parks of New York Harbor umbrella was created in September 2003 as a means of drawing more visitors to the National Park Service properties in the New York City region. The organizers' primary concern was the under-visitation of the parks that comprise the Gateway National Recreation Area, one of the first urban parks when it was created, rather than the acquisition of parkland. Maria Burks, the first Commissioner, was charged with increasing awareness of park units other than the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island, and saw the solution to this problem as increasing the number of ferries that connect and serve the properties. As a result, when the ferry contract for the Statue of Liberty was up for bid, a discussion occurred about asking interested parties to include increased harbor service as part of their packages, but this request did not receive much focus in the end.
Part of Federal Hall National Memorial was repurposed as a new visitors' center in late 2006 to meet the needs of the organization's diverse properties and the visitors thereto and the center has been used as a forum for visitor input into National Park Service programming.
Sites.
As of 2008, sites included:
Manhattan.
and an affiliate, the Lower East Side Tenement Museum
Fire Suppression.
Many of the National Park Service (NPS) sites in New York and New Jersey maintain structural firfighters or Wildland firefighters depending on the type of the site.
Conservancy.
The National Parks of New York Harbor Conservancy is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization with offices on Wall Street in New York that works in partnership with the National Parks of New York Harbor. Its 2006 revenues (mostly donations) were $1.255 million.
Among its programs are a tour of the forts that comprise the harbor properties and efforts to deepen the connections between Gateway and the other properties in the Harbor.

</doc>
<doc id="18827341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827341" title="Author Solutions">
Author Solutions

Author Solutions is the parent company of the self publishing companies/imprints AuthorHouse, iUniverse, Trafford Publishing, Xlibris, Palibrio, and Booktango. Author Solutions also maintains partnerships with traditional book publishers Simon & Schuster (Archway Publishing), Thomas Nelson (WestBow Press), Hay House (Balboa Press), and Guideposts (Inspiring Voices); as well as with Writer's Digest (Abbott Press).
Author Solutions is headquartered in Bloomington, Indiana.
Founded in 2007, Author Solutions reports publishing 290,000 titles written by 250,000 authors. In 2012, Pearson acquired Author Solutions from Bertram Capital Management for $116 million. It also offers a suite of “book-to-screen” services intended to provide authors with Hollywood access.
History.
Self-publishing has experienced rapid growth since 2006, with annual title output increasing 287 percent according to R.R. Bowker, the agency that issues ISBNs. During that same period, many authors hoping to self-publish were misled by publishers offering a range of services and charging large sums of money to publish those books. Self publishing is the business of charging authors to have their books published. Author Solutions and its subsidiaries are one of the biggest self publishing companies and Author Solutions' growth during this time reflected this trend. In 2007, iUniverse was acquired, and with AuthorHouse, led to the establishment of Author Solutions, Inc.
In April 2008, Author Solutions Marketing Director Keith Ogorek said that 1 out of every 17 books published in the United States is from AuthorHouse.
In 2009, Author Solutions, acquired two other top competitors – Xlibris in January and Canadian self-publisher Trafford Publishing in April. Later that year the company partnered with leading Christian publisher Thomas Nelson to launch a first-of-its-kind self-publishing partnership, WestBow Press.
Expansion to other segments of authors continued in June 2010 when Author Solutions launched its first Spanish-language imprint – Palibrio. Palibrio was initially offered only to the U.S. Spanish-speaking market, but later was made available to authors in Spain.
On May 3, 2013, Penguin announced that on July 1 Andrew Phillips would be assuming the position of Author Solutions CEO, replacing longtime CEO Kevin Weiss who was leaving to take another position.
On July 1, 2013, Author Solutions' parent company Penguin Group completed a merger with Random House to form Penguin Random House.
In 2013 "Forbes" magazine and "Publishers Weekly" reported that Author Solutions and its associated companies were being sued as part of a potential class action suit alleging deceptive practices. Damages of 5 million dollars are sought. Publishers Weekly reports that the suit has been filed in the Southern District of New York. Many other complaints about Author Solutions and their subsidiary companies have been made by dissatisfied authors who feel they were misled into paying for services they did not need or which were of poor quality.

</doc>
<doc id="18827369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827369" title="Vingtaine de la Vallée">
Vingtaine de la Vallée

Vingtaine de la Vallée is one of the six vingtaines of St Lawrence Parish on the Channel Island of Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="18827381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827381" title="Vingtaine du Coin Hâtain">
Vingtaine du Coin Hâtain

Vingtaine du Coin Hâtain is one of the five vingtaines of St Lawrence Parish on the Channel Island of Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="18827383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827383" title="Vingtaine du Coin Motier">
Vingtaine du Coin Motier

Vingtaine du Coin Motier is one of the five vingtaines of St Lawrence Parish on the Channel Island of Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="18827387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827387" title="Vingtaine du Coin Tourgis Nord">
Vingtaine du Coin Tourgis Nord

Vingtaine du Coin Tourgis Nord is one of the five vingtaines of St Lawrence Parish on the Channel Island of Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="18827390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827390" title="Vingtaine du Coin Tourgis Sud">
Vingtaine du Coin Tourgis Sud

Vingtaine du Coin Tourgis Sud is one of the five vingtaines of St Lawrence Parish in the Channel Island of Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="18827392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827392" title="German submarine U-72">
German submarine U-72

U-72 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="18827397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827397" title="Company of Mission Priests">
Company of Mission Priests

The Company of Mission Priests (CMP) is a "dispersed community" of male priests of the Anglican Communion, who want to consecrate themselves wholly to the church's mission, free from the attachments of marriage and family. CMP was founded in 1940 by the initiative of the superiors of the Anglican religious orders of the Community of the Resurrection, the Society of the Sacred Mission and the Society of St John the Evangelist.
CMP follows a Vincentian rule of life. It is not officially classified as an Anglican religious order by the church, but as an "acknowledged community". Members give simple promises, (cf. simple vow) which are renewed annually. The whole community meets in General Chapter once a year, and the Regional Chapters more frequently.
CMP is known for its work in Guyana and Madagascar and for its work in staffing "needy" parishes in England with two, three or more priests, who live together in a clergy house. CMP was one of the founding members of Vincentian Millennium partnership in AD 2000.
The warden from 2005 till 2012 was Father Timothy Pike CMP, who has now been succeeded by Fr Beresford Skelton CMP and the episcopal visitor is the Right Reverend Lindsay Urwin OGS, formerly the Bishop of Horsham, and now the Administrator of the Shrine of Our Lady of Walsingham.

</doc>
<doc id="18827434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827434" title="1971 New Zealand Open">
1971 New Zealand Open

The 1971 Heineken Open was a men's Grand Prix tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was in Auckland, New Zealand from March 7 to March 13, 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="18827459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827459" title="German submarine U-79">
German submarine U-79

U-79 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="18827470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18827470" title="Maurice Eustace (priest)">
Maurice Eustace (priest)

Maurice Eustace (executed November 1581) was an Irish soldier, secretly ordained a Roman Catholic priest, and hanged as a traitor.
Life.
He was the eldest son of Sir John Eustace, Castlemartin, County Kildare. He was sent to be educated at the Jesuit college at Bruges in Flanders. There, after the completion of his secular studies, he desired to enter the Society of Jesus. His father, however, wrote to the superiors of the college to send him home. 
Maurice returned to Ireland. After a brief stay, during which he tried to dissuade his father from opposing his vocation, he went back to Flanders. His old masters, at the college of Bruges, advised him to return to Ireland and devote himself in the world to the service of religion.
Shortly after his arrival in Ireland he got an appointment as captain of horse. He never abandoned the idea of becoming a priest, and secretly took Holy Orders. His servant, who was aware of the fact, told his father, who had his son immediately arrested and imprisoned in Dublin. A younger brother, desiring to inherit the family estates, also reported Maurice to be a priest, a Jesuit, and a friend of the Queen's enemies. 
As a consequence he was put on trial for high treason. During his imprisonment Adam Loftus, Archbishop of Dublin, offered him his daughter in marriage, and a large dowry if he would accept the reformed religion. Eustace was sentenced to public execution, and was hanged.

</doc>
