<doc id="18766787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18766787" title="SS El Oriente">
SS El Oriente

SS "El Oriente" was a cargo ship built in 1910 for the Morgan Line, a subsidiary of the Southern Pacific Company. During World War I, she was known as USS "El Oriente" (ID-4504) in service with the United States Navy. At the end of war, she reverted to her original name of SS "El Oriente". During World War II she was chartered by the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) as SS "Henri Dunant (sometimes also spelled Henry Dunant"), but reverted to her original name of SS "El Oriente" at the end of the charter.
SS "El Oriente" was one of four sister ships that carried cargo and a limited number of passengers for the Morgan Line. She was acquired by the U.S. Navy in July 1918, and converted to carry horses and mules to France, and after the Armistice, was converted again to carry American troops home from Europe.
"El Oriente" returned to the Morgan Line in 1919 and sailed with them until June 1941, when the entire Morgan Line fleet was purchased by the United States Maritime Commission. "El Oriente" served as a civilian-crewed cargo ship during World War II, sailing primarily between the United States and the United Kingdom. In September 1944, she was chartered by the ICRC and sailed under the Swiss flag carrying food parcels to American prisoners of war held in German camps. "Henri Dunant" continued to sail under Swiss charter until October 1945, when she was returned to the United States and reverted to her former name. "El Oriente" was placed in the James River Reserve Fleet in November 1945, and was sold for scrapping in July 1946.
Early career.
SS "El Oriente" was a cargo and passenger steamship launched on 11 May 1910 by the Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Co. of Newport News, Virginia (yard no. 132), and delivered to the Atlantic division of the Morgan Line on 24 October 1910. She was the third of four sister ships; the other three being , "El Mundo", and . "El Oriente" was , was long by abeam, and made . The vessel sailed for the Morgan Line, the brand name of the Southern Pacific Steamship Company (a subsidiary of the Southern Pacific Railroad), which employed her to carry cargo and a limited number of passengers between New York; New Orleans, the eastern terminus of the Southern Pacific line; and Galveston, Texas.
World War I.
After the United States declared war on Germany in April 1917, it's unclear what role, if any, "El Oriente" played early on in the war. Her sister ships and were both requisitioned by the United States Shipping Board (USSB) on behalf of the United States Army, and both were designated as animal transport ships. If "El Oriente" were used by the Army as an animal transport ship, she would have needed a refit which typically meant that any second- or third-class passenger accommodations had to be ripped out and replaced with ramps and stalls for the horses and mules carried. It is known that "El Oriente" sailed in an American convoy to France on 16 April 1918 with U.S. Navy transports , , , and , British transports "Czar" and "Czaritza", and U.S. cruiser , and reached France on 28 April.
The next recorded activity of "El Oriente" was on 29 July, when she was acquired by the U.S. Navy and commissioned the same day with Lieutenant Commander William Delahanty, USNRF, in command. "El Oriente" was assigned to the Naval Overseas Transportation Service (NOTS) and carried animals and supplies for the U.S. Army, joining her two sister ships, and in that duty.
"El Oriente"'s first Navy voyage to France began when she sailed from Newport News with 500 animals on 11 August. Unlike earlier animal transport crossings for the Army, where there was as much as a 4% mortality rate, the voyages in August 1918 and after carried a transport veterinarian and a permanent veterinary detachment to care for the animals while on board the ship. As part of this new program, "El Oriente" delivered her full load of horses and mules— suffering no losses—at Bordeaux on 2 September. "El Oriente" made an additional roundtrip with 500 more animals in October, losing only three of her equine cargo during the voyage. "El Oriente" continued sailing for the NOTS through April 1919, sometimes carrying a small numer of troops on return voyages to the United States. At that time "El Oriente" was converted to carry troops, and assigned to the Cruiser and Transport Force to help return larger numbers American servicemen from Europe.
She sailed on 11 June for Bordeaux and returned with officers and men of the 6th Cavalry Regiment on 4 July. She made additional voyages in July and August, returning 978 members of the 3rd Infantry Division to Philadelphia on the latter voyage. In all, "El Oriente" returned 2,986 healthy and wounded American servicemen from France in three voyages. On 15 September at Philadelphia, "El Orente" was decommissioned, and returned to the Morgan Line soon after.
Interwar civilian service.
"El Oriente" resumed cargo service with the Morgan Line, and enjoyed a quiet career, typically sailing between New York and Galveston. One event of note occurred in February 1922 when, "El Oriente" came upon the wreck of the schooner "Caldwell H. Colt", which had run aground on a reef near the Tortugas Light during a gale. When "El Oriente" came upon the hulk, only her captain remained alive, surviving without food or water for several days before his rescue. "El Oriente" continued on to Galveston and landed the man there.
World War II.
In June 1941, the United States Maritime Commission (USMC) announced that it had requisitioned the entire Morgan Line fleet of ten ships, including "El Oriente" and her remaining sister ships, "El Occidente" and "El Mundo". The ships were to finish previously scheduled cargo runs and be handed over to the USMC over the following six weeks. The USMC had been charged with assembling a U.S. fleet to "aid the democracies" fighting Germany in World War II, and paid $4.7 million for the ships and a further $2.6 million for repairs and refits.
"El Oriente" was handed over to the USMC and assigned to United States Lines, Inc., for operation. The cargo ship was placed under Panamanian registry by U.S. Lines. Little is known of "El Oriente"'s movements over the next eight months, but on 17 February "El Oriente" sailed from Houston, Texas, to Philadelphia and on to Reykjavík. From Reykjavík, she sailed to the Clyde, arriving there at the end of July. Over the next 5 months, "El Oriente" sailed around the British Isles, calling at Kirkwall, Belfast Lough, Barrow-in-Furness, and Liverpool, and back to Clyde in late December. From there, she sailed on one trip to Murmansk where she arrived on 27 January 1943. 
Murmansk had limited port facilities and slow unloading of cargo (often performed by Soviet women and political prisoners), which, coupled with inclement weather and long waits for convoy escorts, often required lengthy stays by Allied cargo ships. "El Oriente" was no exception, staying in Murmansk for nearly five weeks. To compound the lengthy wait (and, often, accompanying boredom) faced by cargo ships waiting to unload, the nearest German airfield was away—about 7 to 10 minutes flying time—which gave almost no advance warning of air raids. German dive bombers would silently glide in below Soviet anti-aircraft fire, drop their payloads, and fly away. "El Oriente" was caught in one such attack on 27 February, with four of the ship's Naval Armed Guardsmen killed in the attack.
"El Oriente" departed Kola Inlet on 1 March and returned to Liverpool, from which she sailed in a convoy for New York on 6 April, and returned to Belfast Lough in late June. After calling at Barry and Milford Haven, "El Oriente" began two roundtrips to New York at the end of June. In October the ship visited Loch Ewe, Methil, and Immingham before returning to New York again in November. After another transatlantic crossing and circuit amongst British ports, "El Oriente" returned to New York in May 1944.
In June, the cargo vessel sailed to Cuba, calling at Havana and Puerto Tarafa before returning to New York. She next sailed to Guaíra, Brazil; Maracaibo, Venezuela; and Júcaro, Cuba, before returning to New York in mid August. "El Oriente" sailed to Philadelphia in mid September in preparation for a charter.
Red Cross ship.
On 28 September 1944, "El Oriente" was chartered by the International Committee of the Red Cross, reflagged as a Swiss ship, and renamed SS "Henry Dunant" (sometimes erroneously spelled as "Henri Dunant"), after Red Cross movement founder Henry Dunant. She was last of 14 ships chartered by Swiss interests to sail under the Swiss flag during World War II. On 5 October, "Henry Dunant" departed Philadelphia with a cargo of mail and 900,000 food parcels intended for Allied prisoners of war interned in German camps.
"Henry Dunant" continued sailing for the ICRC through 24 October 1945. The ship returned to Norfolk, resumed her former name of "El Oriente", and entered the James River Reserve Fleet on 7 November 1945. On 3 July 1946, "El Oriente" was sold for scrapping to the Patapsco Scrap Co., of Baltimore, Maryland, for $12,175.

</doc>
<doc id="18766846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18766846" title="SV Stockerau">
SV Stockerau

SV Stockerau is an Austrian association football club.

</doc>
<doc id="18766857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18766857" title="Teplá Abbey">
Teplá Abbey

Teplá Abbey (; ) is a Premonstratensian abbey in the western part of Bohemia, included in the Archdiocese of Prague, Czech Republic. It was founded in 1193 by the blessed Hroznata, a Bohemian nobleman (d. 1217). The first monks came from the Abbey of Strahov in Prague.
The present monastery building was erected by Abbot Raimund Wilfert II (1688-1724); the library was built by Abbot Gilbert Helmer (since 1900). The Romanesque church, with additions in the style of the transition to the Gothic, is one of the oldest churches of Bohemia. The high altar of the church was sculpted by Josef Lauermann and Ignatius Platzer in 1750. After Hroznata was beatified in 1897, his reliquary casket was moved to the apse of the church for display. The original burial place of Hroznata is marked by on the floor before the main altar, where his original sarcophagus also stands.

</doc>
<doc id="18766862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18766862" title="Irish American Athletic Club">
Irish American Athletic Club

The Irish American Athletic Club was an amateur athletic organization, based in Queens, New York, at the beginning of the 20th century.
Early years.
Established on January 30, 1898, originally as the "Greater New York Irish Athletic Association", they shortened the name to the Irish American Athletic Club a few years later. They purchased a plot of land in what was then called Laurel Hill, Long Island, near Calvary Cemetery, Queens, and built a state-of-the-art athletic facility on what was farmland. The stadium, called Celtic Park, formally reopened after renovations on May 9, 1901, and until the facility was sold for housing in 1930, some of the greatest American athletes trained or competed on Celtic Park's track and field. The Irish American Athletic Club adopted a winged fist adorned with American flags and shamrocks as their emblem, with the Irish Gaelic motto ‘Láim Láidir Abú’ or ‘A strong hand will be victorious,' and were often referred to as the 'Winged Fists'. At one time they had clubs in Boston, Chicago, San Francisco and Yonkers, New York.
Athletes.
During the thirty odd years of its existence, all of the following athletes competed for the Irish American Athletic Club at some point; Dan Ahearn, and his brother Tim Ahearne, Charles Bacon, George Bonhag, Joseph Bromilow, Frank Castleman, Robert Cloughen, Harvey Cohn, Tom Collins, Edward Cook, James Crowley, John Daly, James H. Duncan, John Eller, John Flanagan, William Frank, Patrick J. Flynn, Harry Gissing, Sidney Hatch, Johnny Hayes, Denis Horgan, Bill Horr, Daniel Kelly, Abel Kiviat, Hannes Kolehmainen, Emilio Lunghi, Alvah Meyer, James Mitchell, Pat McDonald, Matt McGrath, Emil Muller, Peter O'Connor, Edwin Pritchard, Harry Porter, Myer Prinstein, Richard Remer, John J. Reynolds, Frank Riley, William Robbins, Lawson Robertson, James Rosenberger, Michael J. Ryan, Pat Ryan, Harry Schaaf, Arthur Shaw, Mel Sheppard, Martin Sheridan, James P. Sullivan, Lee Talbott, John Baxter Taylor, Jr., Con Walsh and Harold Wilson.
Non-Irish members.
The Irish American Athletic Club was predominantly composed of Irish born and first generation Irish American athletes, but many of the athletes who competed for the Winged Fist organization were neither. Non-Irish members of the Irish American Athletic Club included; Bruno Brodd, Joseph Bromilow, John Eke, Egon Erickson, Myer Prinstein, Abel Kiviat, Hannes Kolehmainen, Alvah Meyer, Lawson Robertson, Harold Wilson, Emilio Lunghi and John Baxter Taylor, Jr. (the first African American to win an Olympic gold medal). Myer Prinstein, competing as a member of the Irish American Athletic Club in St. Louis 1904, won both the long jump and the hop, step and jump ( now called the triple jump) on the same day, the only athlete ever to win both events in the same games. He also came 5th in both the 60 m dash and 400 m. In Athens 1906 he again won the long jump competition, beating the world record holder, Irishman, Peter O'Connor. Swedish-born Ernie Hjertberg, himself a US track and field champion, was appointed coach and recruited outstanding non-Irish athletes. Under his leadership, the IAAC turned into a national track power.
National championships and Olympic medals.
The Irish American Athletic Club won the Amateur Athletic Union national outdoor track and field team championship titles in; 1904, 1906, 1907, 1908, 1910, 1911, 1912, 1913, 1914 and 1916. They also won the national indoor track and field team championship titles in; 1906, 1908, 1909, 1911, 1913, 1914 and 1915. Individual athletes of the IAAC won 81 national outdoor championships titles and 36 individual national indoor championship titles. From 1900 to 1924, men who were at one time members of the Irish American Athletic Club won 54 Olympic medals for the U.S. Olympic team, including 26 gold medals.
Olympic participation.
In addition to winning numerous local and regional Amateur Athletic Union competitions, Irish American Athletic Club members competed for the U.S. Olympic team in the 1900 Olympic Games in Paris, the 1904 Olympic Games in St. Louis, the 1906 Intercalated Games in Athens, Greece, the 1908 Olympics in London, the 1912 Olympics in Stockholm and the 1920 Olympic Games in Antwerp.
1908 Olympics.
In the 1908 Olympic Games, in London, England, members of the Irish American Athletic Club won 10 of the U.S. Olympic teams total 23 gold medals, or as many as the nations of France, Germany and Italy combined. The members of the Irish American Athletic Club who were medalists in the 1908 Olympic Games were; Charles Bacon, 400 meter hurdles, gold; George Bonhag, 3 mile team race, silver; Robert Cloughen, 200 metres race, silver; John Flanagan, hammer throw, gold; Johnny Hayes, marathon, gold; Bill Horr, discus-free style, bronze, discus-Greek style, silver; Matt McGrath, hammer throw, silver; Harry Porter, high jump, gold; Melvin Sheppard, 800 metres race, gold, 1,500 metres race, gold, 1,600 metres medley relay, gold; and Martin Sheridan, discus-free style, gold, discus-Greek style, gold, and standing long jump, bronze; and John Baxter Taylor, Jr., who passed the baton to Mel Sheppard, to win the gold in the 1,600 meter medley relay, becoming the first African-American to win an Olympic gold medal. Other Irish American Athletic Club members of the 1908 U.S. Olympic team included; Joseph Bromilow, Harvey Cohn, Daniel Kelly, Frank Riley, William Robbins, Lawson Robertson, Michael J. Ryan, James P. Sullivan and Lee Talbott.
1910 point champions.
"With a grand total of 2,001 points gained by their track and field men in 1910, the Irish-American Athletic Club had put to its credit a score said to be greater than that of any similar aggregation of athletes during any single year," according to the "New York Times." "Eighty-nine men contributed to this splendid showing, gaining points only in track and field games."
1912 Olympics.
Thirteen members of the Irish American Athletic Club competed as part of the U.S. Olympic team at the 1912 Olympic Games in Stockholm, Sweden, winning a total of five gold medals, four silver medals and one bronze medal. The IAAC medalists on the 1912 U.S. Olympic team were; George Bonhag, 3,000 meter team race, Abel Kiviat, gold, 3,000 meter team race, and silver, 1,500 meter race; Pat McDonald, gold, shot put, and silver, shot put, both hands; Mel Sheppard, gold, 4 × 400 meter relay, and silver, 800 meter race; Matt McGrath, gold, hammer throw, Alvah Meyer, silver, 100 meter race, and Jim Duncan, discus throw, bronze. The other IAAC members of the 1912 U.S. Olympic team were; John Eller, Emil Muller, Edwin Pritchard, John J. Reynolds, James Rosenberger and Michael J. Ryan.
Final championship title – 1916.
Before the largest crowd that had ever assembled to see a track meet in the United States, on September 9, 1916, the Irish American Athletic Club defeated the New York Athletic Club at the Amateur Athletic Union's National Championships, by a score of 38 to 27. Before a crowd of 30,000 spectators at Newark, New Jersey's Weequahic Park, the Irish-American Athletic Club won what would be their last national championship title. The club disbanding a year later, when the U.S. became a combatant in the First World War.

</doc>
<doc id="18766868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18766868" title="ELB-139">
ELB-139

ELB-139 (LS-191,811) is an anxiolytic drug with a novel chemical structure, which is used in scientific research. It has similar effects to benzodiazepine drugs, but is structurally distinct and so is classed as a nonbenzodiazepine anxiolytic.
ELB-139 is a subtype-selective partial agonist at GABAA receptors, with highest affinity for the α3 subtype, but highest efficacy at α1 and α2. It has primarily anxiolytic and anticonvulsant effects, but produces little sedative effects or ataxia, and has also been demonstrated in rats to increase serotonin levels in the striatum and prefrontal cortex, without affecting dopamine levels. It has been proposed as a possible candidate for a novel non-sedating anxiolytic or anticonvulsant drug for use in humans The sponsor elbion AG registered a clinical trial in ClinicalTrials.gov
for the treatment of anxiety associated with panic disorder but the results have not been reported. It was developed by Arzeitmittelwerk Dresden in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="18766869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18766869" title="Glossaulax aulacoglossa">
Glossaulax aulacoglossa

Glossaulax aulacoglossa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Naticidae, the moons snails. 

</doc>
<doc id="18766885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18766885" title="Garth Gerhart">
Garth Gerhart

Garth Gerhart (born October 21, 1988) is an American football offensive lineman who is currently a member of the Green Bay Packers practice squad. He attended Arizona State University from 2007 to 2011 and was signed by the Cleveland Browns after going undrafted in the 2012 NFL Draft before signing with the Packers on January 8, 2013. He was released from the Packers on August 31, 2013. He was signed to the Carolina Panthers' practice squad for the beginning of the 2013 season before shortly being released.
Gerhart was signed to the Green Bay Packers' practice squad on October 10, 2013.
A native of Norco, California, Gerhart was considered a three-star recruit by "Rivals.com".
Garth Gerhart is the younger brother of 2009 Heisman Trophy runner-up Toby Gerhart.

</doc>
<doc id="18766920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18766920" title="John D. Evans">
John D. Evans

John D. Evans is an American business executive and philanthropist, best known for his role as one of the co-founders of the C-SPAN television network.
Business career.
Military.
Evans served in the US Navy, achieving the rank of lieutenant during his career. He served aboard the aircraft carriers USS "America" and USS "John F. Kennedy", was a television project head in the Navy project SEALAB, and served on the staff of the Chief of Naval Operations at The Pentagon.
Telecommunications.
Evans founded Evans Communications System after his career in the Navy, starting with two radio licenses in Charlottesville, Virginia. In 1972 he became a regional manager of the largest operating region of the predecessor of the Time Warner company, and eventually took the job of chief operating officer for Arlington Cable Partners. As an investor in the company, he helped build the first cable system in the Washington D.C. area. 
Evans is perhaps best known for his role in co-founding the public affairs cable network C-SPAN, which put cameras in the halls and legislature of the US Congress to document the legislative work of America's elected officials for the first time. The network came about through a conversation he had with a former navy buddy of his Brian Lamb, who shared his idea of an all-Congress television station with Evans in July 1977. Evans then helped Lamb found and develop the network. Evans' chief occupation at the time was President of Arlington TeleCommunications Corp, as he helped to expand the idea for a more locally-oriented network to one that had major access to the halls of Congress. In the 1980s, Evans also became President of Hauser Communications when it acquired Arlington TeleCommunications Corp and changed its name to Arlington Cable Partners, and continued to served on the board of C-SPAN. After being named Chairman of C-SPAN’s Executive Committee (1992-1994), he helped draft a new plan named "C-SPAN 2000" to provide new strategic direction, implemented as Evans was Chairman of the board for C-SPAN itself in the early 1990s. During his tenure as Chairman, C-SPAN was the winner of several Golden Cable ACE awards, a Peabody Award, and a Golden Beacon Award.
By the mid-1980s Evans was serving as chairman and CEO of Evans Telecommunications. He also served on the boards of the National Cable Television Association, the Washington Metropolitan Cable Club, and Falcon Cable Holdings. Since helping to found C-SPAN, Evans has appeared on the network more than 100 times. Today he continues to serve as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Evans Telecommunications Co, The John D. Evans Foundation, as Founding Director of the National Cable Satellite Corporation and Director of National Cable & Telecommunications Association. He is also on the board of Internet2, a consortium of 221 US Universities operating a 8.8 Terabit capacity research and education network. In 2013, Evans was named as Industry representative to the board of Trustees of the Digital Preservation Network. In 2009 Evans was named Entrepreneur of the Year by Washington & Jefferson College.
In 2005 Evans was invited by Emory University to consult with Emory committees and serve on a Futurist Forum Panel to help Emory develop its strategic plan.
Other Business Activities.
Evans bought the Waterford Farm in 1992 and began breeding cattle. He is also an investor and serves on the board of Accelerator Technology Holdings headquartered in Amman, Jordan.
Philanthropy.
Evans founded the John D. Evans Foundation, which focuses on AIDS and cancer research, environmental issues, education, technological innovation, and the arts. In 1995 Evans was appointed to the board of the Dr. Robert Gallo's Advisory Board for the Institute of Human Virology at the University of Maryland in Baltimore. He is also currently a member of the board and Treasurer and Audit & Finance committee Chair International AIDS Vaccine Initiative. At his alma mater the University of Michigan, Evans founded the John D. Evans Fund for Media and Technology in 1997, which among other things supports the John D. Evans Chair in Media Technology. He has served on the boards of the Eisenhower World Affairs Institute and the Hollings Cancer Center. At the University of Michigan, he serves on the external advisory boards of the School of Information, the College of LS&A, and the Center for Global Health. The John D. Evans Center, named for Evans, became the host center for the Wintergreen Performing Arts concert series and music festivals in Virginia.
Honors and Awards.
In 1984, Evans was awarded the National Cable & Telecommunications Vanguard Award for Your Leadership in recognition for his achievements for and contributions of the Cable Television industry.
In 2001 he was awarded the League of African American Women’s annual award for contributions to fighting the AIDS pandemic, and served as the head of The Waterford Project—a multi-university AIDS vaccine research initiative starting in 1999. In July 2001, he was inducted into the Virginia Cable Telecommunications Association Hall of Fame in recognitions of his achievements and contributions to advancing cable telecommunications in Virginia.
In 2004, Evans was one of four individuals that year inducted into the Virginia Communications Hall of Fame, run by the Virginia Commonwealth University. 
His contributions to the Institute of Human Virology at the University of Maryland School of Medicine earned him a lifetime achievement award for public service in 2008. His speech was introduced at the university by former White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolton. In 2009 Evans received the Courage in Business award from the National Gay & Lesbian Chamber of Commerce.
Personal life.
Evans is the son of Edward S. Evans, Jr, former CEO of Evans Products Company, and grandson of Edward S. Evans Sr, who, in 1926, flew around the world in 28 days setting the world’s record with pilot Linton Wells. John Evans is a graduate of the University of Michigan. He has had vacation homes in Key West and the Wintergreen ski resort in Virginia. He is a long-distance motorcyclist that has taken several cross-European motorcycle tours.

</doc>
<doc id="18766925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18766925" title="Bachatango">
Bachatango

Bachatango (often classed as a sensual form of modern bachata) is a style of dance that fuses the four-step Dominican bachata with Argentine tango moves, including elaborated kicks, dips, turns, ganchos, leg wraps and long pauses. The dance is characterized by sensual hip and body movements. Partners hold each other in a closed position where the female’s inside right thigh is in contact with the inside of the male's right thigh, while using the hand placements of typical Latin style dances. 
Origin.
With the popularization of bachata music, dancers worldwide tapped into the romantic side of bachata finding new ways of expressing their passion. In 2002, as bachata began to be played on radio worldwide, dancers learned the basic four-steps to the dance and began to elaborate as they felt would express their passion. Although, the dance style utilizes bachata music it is rarely danced socially amongst bachata dancers or in the Dominican Republic, nor is it danced amongst Argentine Tango dancers. With the quick progression of this style, it is now being danced to both bachata and tango and it is seen in bachata competitions worldwide. 
Dancing bachatango.
The basic steps are the same 8 count as bachata only that it produces a side to side motion, while occasionally moving back and forth. Counts 1 - 3 and 5 - 7, when taken, generate a natural hip sway. Counts 4 and 8 will be used to add tango styling. Depending on a person’s style and expression, is executed by a leg lift, kick, hook, long pause, dip or other personal styling preference that will add to the sensuality of the dance. 
Basic dance steps
Start with the male making a chassé to the left and the female toward the right. Then follow the counts (provided from the male’s perspective/ the female would be opposite to what is shown);
"Note: In a closed position, steps can be made very small. Also, the tap often comes from lifting the hip rather than tapping the foot. Variations exist, including lifting the "tapping" leg completely. 
Lessons on bachatango
Many latin dance studios & festivals offer bachatango workshops. These classes are often seen in festivals that also teach Salsa, Bachata & Kizomba. In the Southeast U.S., the Atlanta Bachata Festival and the Unity of Dance Festival in Orlando, Florida offer bachatango workshops. 
<http://www.atlantabachatafest.com/>
<http://bahhari.com/>

</doc>
<doc id="18766957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18766957" title="Lernahovit, Gegharkunik">
Lernahovit, Gegharkunik

Lernahovit () is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. Located on the road between Lake Sevan and the Vardenyats mountain pass, near Madina. It is part of the Geghhovit community.

</doc>
<doc id="18767019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767019" title="Longnose trevally">
Longnose trevally

The longnose trevally, "Carangoides chrysophrys" (also known as the tea-leaf trevally, club-nosed trevally, grunting trevally, and dusky trevally), is a species of inshore marine fish in the jack family, Carangidae. The species is distributed throughout the tropical and subtropical waters of the Indian and west Pacific Oceans from South Africa to New Zealand and Japan, inhabiting coastal waters, especially reefs, to a depth of 90 m. The longnose trevally is distinguished from similar species by a combination of a scaleless breast and the number of gill rakers and fin rays. It is a moderately large fish, growing to a maximum known length of 72 cm and 4.35 kg. The longnose trevally is a predatory fish, consuming small fish, crustaceans and molluscs. The species is of minor commercial importance throughout its range, and is considered to be a good table fish.
Taxonomy and naming.
The longnose trevally is classified within the genus "Carangoides", a group of fish commonly called jacks and trevallies. "Carangoides" falls into the jack and horse mackerel family Carangidae, itself part the order Perciformes, in the suborder Percoidei.
The species was first scientifically described by the French taxonomist Georges Cuvier in 1833, based on the holotype specimen collected from the waters of the Seychelles. He named the new species "Caranx chrysophrys", with the specific name meaning 'golden eyebrow' in Greek. The generic position of the species was revised twice, being placed in "Citula" by William Ogilby and finally into "Carangoides" by Ian Munro, where it has remained. The species has been independently described on a number of occasions, the first when Pieter Bleeker identified a fish he believed was similar, but not the same as "Carangoides chrysophrys", and named it "Carangoides chrysophryoides". Other synonyms include "Caranx nigrescens", "Caranx jayakari" and "Caranx typus". These are all considered to be junior synonyms under the ICZN rules and are no longer used. The species has a number of common names, with the most often used names, 'longnose trevally' (or 'longnose kingfish') and 'club-nosed trevally' in reference to the snout profile of the fish. The names 'dusky trevally' and 'grunting trevally' are used for the fish in the United States.
Description.
The longnose trevally is generally silver in colour, with the body and head greenish blue above, becoming silvery with yellow-green reflections below. The operculum has a small black blotch on the upper margin. The dorsal and anal fins range in colour from whitish to pale yellow to dusky, with the membranes of soft anal fin rays often having a white spot at the base. The caudal and pectoral fins are pale to dusky yellow. There are records of large adults exhibiting very dark head and fin colouration, nearing black. It has been suggested these fish are perhaps exhibiting mating or spawning colouration.
Distribution and habitat.
The longnose trevally inhabits tropical to subtropical waters in the Indian and west Pacific Oceans, ranging from South Africa and Madagascar, north to the Red Sea and Persian Gulf, east to India, South East Asia, Indonesia, Japan and to Fiji. The longnose trevally has been reported from many west Pacific islands, indicating that it s widespread in this region. The species ranges as far north as the Okinawa, Japan and as far south as northern Australia and New Zealand.
The longnose trevally is an inshore fish, normally found on coastal reefs and occasionally in large protected bays. It appears to be more tolerant of dirty, turbid waters than most of it relatives, but is not seen in estuaries. Juveniles reportedly inhabit shallow bays close to the coast, and are occasionally seen near beaches. Adults live in much deeper water, normally between 30 and 60 m, although have been recorded at depths of around 90 m.
Biology and fishery.
The longnose trevally is an epibenthic predator, taking prey from the seafloor or just above it, with only one study ever to thoroughly record its diet, which was carried out in the Gulf of Carpentaria of Australia. Here it was found its main prey were small fish, with considerable quantities of molluscs, brachyurans, and other crustaceans also taken. In South Africa, the species is thought to prefer prawns as its major dietary component, with crabs and small fish also taken. The longnose trevally has a fairly soft mouth, which may partly determine its diet. Very little is known of reproduction in the species, although juveniles have been recorded from shallow coastal bays.
The longnose trevally is of minor importance to fisheries throughout its range, taken by hook and line, bottom trawls, gill nets and various types of trap. It is usually sold fresh, and is often not distinguished from other species of carangid. The species is occasionally caught by boat anglers, as well as beach fishermen on the South African coast. They take small baits and are considered good for eating. 

</doc>
<doc id="18767031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767031" title="Gamma Ray (song)">
Gamma Ray (song)

"Gamma Ray" is a song by Beck. It is seemingly inspired by the surf-rock songs of the 1960s, but with ghostly moans and lyrics on the state of the world. It was released as the second single from his album "Modern Guilt" on August 11, 2008. The title refers to gamma rays, biologically hazardous energy emitted by radioactive decay. Despite its up-tempo beat, the song lyrics invoke nihilistic or apocalyptic themes, including melting ice caps, boredom, burning houses, crowns of thorns, and natural disasters.
The single peaked at #19 on the U.S. "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart. This song was #6 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2008. The single releases of the song feature a cover of the song by garage punk musician Jay Reatard and a non-album song entitled "Bonfire Blondes" as B-sides, both of which are available on iTunes.
The song is included as a playable track in the video game Guitar Hero 5 and was used in . Both the A side and B side album covers make use of a Houndstooth pattern.
Music video.
The 1st version of the music video, directed by Jess Holzworth, features actress and style icon Chloë Sevigny. The 2nd version, involves scenes of abstract imagery (most in black and white). There is film of Beck standing amidst many people dressed in white with white boxes on the heads. There is also film of mouths and eyes, and a woman with an afro.

</doc>
<doc id="18767038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767038" title="Gudrun Mærsk">
Gudrun Mærsk

The Gudrun Maersk is a very large container ship, capable of carrying 8,500 TEU and with a deadweight (DWT) of 115,700 metric tons. The ship was built in 2005 and is operated by the Maersk Line.
Design.
The container vessel "Gudrun Maersk" was constructed at the Odense Steel shipyard in Denmark and launched in 2005. At the time it was the world's largest container vessel, a title it lost in 2006 to the Emma Maersk. The "Gudrun Maersk" has a capacity of 8,500 TEU. The length of the vessel is and the beam is . 
The vessel's deadweight is 115,700 metric tons with a gross tonnage of 97,933.
The maximum power of the Sulzer 12RT-flex96C low-speed common rail main engine of "Gudrun Maersk" is 68,640 kW (93,211 bhp)at 102 rpm.
Gudrun and her 5 sister ships use exhaust heat recovery and cogeneration, producing 6 MWe and reducing the need for diesel generators.

</doc>
<doc id="18767077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767077" title="INCA Internet">
INCA Internet

INCA Internet Corporation (), also known as nProtect, is a corporation which sells computer software. INCA Internet was founded by Young Heum Joo, the current CEO and President of INCA Internet, in 2000. It offers anti-virus, anti-spyware, game security, and unified corporate security. Headquartered in Seoul, Republic of Korea, INCA Internet was selected as one of the Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Korea 2007 and Deloitte Technology Fast 500 Asia Pacific 2007.
Company Overview.
INCA Internet is one of the leading information security companies of the Republic of Korea and the line of products is branded 'nProtect'. Young Heum Joo found the company on January 31, 2000 and currently holds the position of CEO and President of INCA Internet. The company currently holds more than 70% of the market share of information security for Korean financial institutions and more than 90% of game portal security. It is a public company limited by shares, Young Hem Joo being the largest stockholder, followed by JAIC from Japan and MeesPierson from the Netherlands. Other major investors include JAIC, Japan's largest independent venture capital firm, and KDB (Korea Development Bank). 
The main business areas of INCA Internet include online PC security services for financial institutions, internet business corporations, and online game corporations among others, online game security solutions, a united PC security solution for corporate internal security and a B2C business such as an online Anti-Virus for normal internet users.
INCA Internet was one of the first Application Service Provider (ASP) companies in the online PC security industry. The products are widely used by Korean and Japanese financial institutions, public institutions, worldwide on-line game companies. 
INCA Internet was awarded the IR52 Jang Yeong-sil award, which is regarded as the highest and most reputable award in the Korean industrial technology field. It acquired the ISO 9000 Certificate by TUViT, an IT certification institution affiliated to the German RWTUV group. INCA Internet was the only information security company in Korea to be included in the Deloitte Technology Fast500 Asia Pacific 2007. INCA Internet currently has client companies in 23 countries and a total of
more than 200 million users in over 170 countries.
History.
INCA Internet first came into the market on January 2000, and acquired a global patent through 'nProtect Netizen' which was the first program to provide a real-time client PC information security service. INCA Internet has developed into a strong corporation with an independent technology and is leading the Korean and Japanese security market in the financial and electronic commerce industry. 
When INCA Internet was first founded, the internet usage's fast spread, ill-intended cyber attack pattern diversification, the user's niche for various complicated malware started to show the limit of single one-time purchase security solutions and HW based information security products. Since then, INCA Internet has quickly adjusted to the information security market trend and provided an end-user based user friendly PC security solution that is optimized for today's internet environment.
Since December 2005, INCA Internet has been located within the Guro Digital Complex, which is the largest IT industrial complex of Korea and played a pivotal role in the economic growth of Korea, referred to as the "Miracle on the Han" contributing 10% of national exports in the 1970s. It is a futuristic industrial hub, centering on research and development, advanced information, technology, and knowledge industries. The relocation has had a great synergy effect on INCA Internet and many IT corporations located here have benefited through information sharing and partnerships.
Markets.
All INCA Internet nProtect products apply a SaaS (software as a service) model. It was the first company of the security industry to provide internet banking security online and has since spread the SaaS model into PC security and web security.
The company currently holds more than 70% of the market share of information security for Korean financial institutions and more than 90% of game portal security. Internationally, INCA Internet mainly provides security solutions for China, Japan, South-east Asia, and Europe. Companies such as JCB Card, UFJ, Tokyo Star Bank are among some of the corporations using INCA Internet's protection.
Corporate Affairs.
CEO.
Young Heum Joo, born in 1976, is the current CEO and President of INCA Internet. He developed an anti-virus engine called Tachyon through Chollian, a Korean internet portal site and was a co-founder of the anti-virus company Hauri. In spite of his young age, due to his long experience in the vaccine industry, he is being recognized as one of the few vaccine experts of Korea. With this development experience, he founded INCA Internet which focuses on real-time PC information security services. 
Young Heum Joo worked as a software developer in Ahn Labs and also worked at the National Information Society Agency on research development. On March 1998, he co-founded Hauri and on January 2000 he founded INCA Internet. He stayed in Hauri until November 2003 when he became vice president of INCA Internet. Ever since December 2005, YoungHeum Joo has been the President and CEO of INCA Internet. On 2007, Young Heum Joo was selected as one of the 2007 Seoul Digital Valley TOP 100 CEO by the Guro District Office and the Korea Venture Industry Association.
Products.
nProtect GameGuard.
Online Game Security System
nProtect Netizen, nProtect Personal, nProtect Keycrypt.
ASP based PC Security
nProtect Anti-Virus/Spyware, nProtect GameGuard Personal 2007.
Anti-virus Solution
nProtect Enterprise.
Unified Solution
nProtect WebScan.
Web Security
Criticism.
Their programs are widely used in the Korean internet environment; and depend on ActiveX and Microsoft Windows. Internet banks in the Korea need these programs by law, so users using Linux, Mac OS X, or other browsers or operating systems besides Internet Explorer and Microsoft Windows can not access these online banks.
Most of the functions run at kernel level of an OS, so versions of Windows that use UAC or User Account Control (Windows Vista, Windows 7) are unable to run smoothly. Moreover, this program can crash kernel of x64 windows system and some input devices especially USB Keyboard, in conjunction with nProtect caused by same reason.
nProtect Netizen, nProtect Personal and nProtect Keycrypt are programs used mostly for internet banking in Korea. They are programmed to terminate processes that are not associated with banking, but processes are terminated indiscriminately if they are deemed a threat and thus may compromise a system's stability. These programs also inject themselves into all existing processes from startup, and sometimes collide with other anti-viruses. More problematically, Korean banks do not update their program every time INCA releases an update.

</doc>
<doc id="18767084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767084" title="Shooting Stars (album)">
Shooting Stars (album)

Shooting Stars is the debut album by the pop duo Dollar.
Released in 1979, the album contained the duo's first three singles; "Shooting Star", "Who Were You With in the Moonlight" and "Love's Gotta Hold on Me". The album was released on Carrere Records and reached No.36 in the charts. Five of the nine tracks were written by Dollar members David Van Day and Thereza Bazar, the album was produced by Christopher Neil. 
Track "Love Street" was released as an unofficial single after the group had left the label. All of the tracks have been released on CD on various compilation albums.
"The Very Best of Dollar".
Dollar left Carrere Records in early 1980 and signed to Warner Music Group where they went on to find even greater success. Eager to cash in on this, their original label re-released "Shooting Stars" as "The Very Best of Dollar" with a new cover and added track - their fourth and final hit with the label, "I Want to Hold Your Hand". Another single, "Ring Ring" was released to coincide with the album, which clashed with Dollar's latest official single, "Give Me Back My Heart". The album actually improved on its original chart performance, reaching no. 31, which was surprising considering that it featured none of Dollar's recent hits and received no promotion from the duo themselves. The album was certified Silver by the BPI later in the year.

</doc>
<doc id="18767110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767110" title="Ernest Corea">
Ernest Corea

Ernest Corea is a Sri Lankan journalist and a diplomat.
Early life.
Corea was born in Kurana, Katunayake in Ceylon.
His parents were Reverend Canon Ivan Corea and Ouida Corea, and was the brother of Vernon Corea a pioneering broadcaster with Radio Ceylon/SLBC and Ethnic Minorities Adviser to the BBC. Rev. Corea was Rural Dean of Colombo in the Church of Ceylon, Vicar of St. Luke's Church Borella, and St. Paul's Church, Milagiriya.
His family hailed from the west coast town of Chilaw in Sri Lanka and were direct descendants of King Dominicus Corea, also known as Edirille Rala who was crowned King of Kotte and Sitawaka in 1596.
Ernest Corea was educated at the well known educational institution Royal College, Colombo and the University of Peradeniya.
Media.
He was a leading journalist with the Lake House Group in Colombo, rising to the top as Editor of the Ceylon Daily News and the Ceylon Observer. The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon is the largest newspaper group in South Asia. Corea was appointed Features Editor and a Foreign Affairs Columnist at the well known South-East Asian newspaper, the Singapore Straits Times in the 1970s.
Diplomat.
In the 1980s he was appointed Sri Lanka's High Commissioner in Canada and served as Sri Lanka's Ambassador to the United States, Cuba and Mexico. Ambassador Corea presented his credentials to U.S. President Ronald Reagan at the White House, in Washington D.C. He spearheaded the first ever State Visit to the United States of a Sri Lankan Head of State when President Junius Richard Jayewardene was invited to the White House by U.S. President Ronald Reagan in 1984.
When he left the diplomatic service he joined the World Bank in Washington D.C. and remains a Consultant.

</doc>
<doc id="18767118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767118" title="Battle of Najaf (2003)">
Battle of Najaf (2003)

The Battle of Najaf was a major battle in the 2003 invasion of Iraq. The first stage of the battle was fought when the US 3rd Infantry Division fought to surround the town. The second stage was fought when soldiers from the U.S. 101st Airborne Division fought to clear and secure the city.
Outside Najaf.
The city of Najaf sits astride important highways leading north to Karbala and Baghdad. Rather than simply bypassing the town as had been done with Nasiriyah and Samawah, the 3rd ID decided to isolate the town to prevent it from being used to stage attacks on American supply lines. The plan was to seize the major bridges in Al Kifl, a town north of Najaf, and Abu Sukhayr, a town south of Najaf. The northern bridge at Al Kifl was codenamed Objective Jenkins and the southern bridge in Abu Sukhayr was codenamed Objective Floyd. 
Before the attack started, heavy sand storms in the area grounded all the Army's helicopters, denying air support to the American forces.
Apache attack on March 24.
On March 24, 32 AH-64D Longbow Apache attack helicopters of the 11th Aviation Regiment were tasked with carrying out a long range penetration mission against armored forces belonging to the Iraqi Republican Guard's Medina Division which was positioned outside Najaf. Rather than provide close air support near the front lines, the helicopters were going to be used in a manner similar to strike aircraft. 
It is believed that Iraqi observers had the 11th AvR's forward assembly areas under observation. Regardless, when the helicopter forces of 1-227 AVN and 6-6 CAV approached Najaf that night, the city's power grid was shut down for several seconds as a signal that the helicopters were approaching. Heavy antiaircraft and small arms fire targeted the helicopters. Every single helicopter on the mission was hit and one even survived a direct hit from a rocket-propelled grenade. The flight turned back towards base, with some of the helicopters on fire and others running on one engine or shot full of holes. One Apache was brought down and crash-landed in a marsh. Combat search-and-rescue aircraft were unable to reach the crash site due to the heavy antiaircraft fire. The two crew, CWO Ronald Young Jr. and CWO David Williams, attempted to evade Iraqi forces by swimming down a canal. After swimming a quarter mile, they left the canal and tried to make a break across open ground towards a treeline. However, they were spotted in the bright moonlight by armed civilians and surrendered after being fired upon. They were handed over to Iraqi forces and would eventually be rescued in mid-April near Tikrit. The Iraqi government would show the helicopter on TV and claim that the helicopter had been shot down by a farmer with a bolt-action rifle, however due to the high volume of anti-aircraft fire and the armor of the Apache it is unlike that a single rifle could bring down an Apache. The downed helicopter was later destroyed by firing two MGM-140 ATACMS surface-to-surface missiles at it from long range to prevent its equipment being used by the Iraqis.
The failed attack would cause much controversy, with some arguing that the mission showed the Apache was ineffective at long range strikes due to lack of stealth and high vulnerability to ground fire, and that it should be limited to close air support missions. Others argued that the failure of the March 24 mission was due to poor planning and breaches of operational security rather than any defect in the Apache itself. On March 26, the AH-64A Apache attack helicopters of 2-6 CAV attempted another long range strike, however this strike was co-ordinated with a pre-mission artillery barrage as well as co-operation with F/A-18 Hornet strike aircraft. Also, Apaches never stopped to hover and instead fired on the move. These tactics led to the destruction of 7 anti-aircraft guns, 5 radars, 3 artillery pieces and 25 other vehicles versus no Apaches lost.
Objective Jenkins.
The job of capturing Objective Jenkins in Al Kifl was given to the 1st Brigade Combat Team headed by Col. Will Grimsley. However, at the time of the order 1st BCT was strung out between Nasiriyah and Najaf. The only available unit to attack Objective Jenkins was the brigade's air defense battery, equipped with M6 Bradley Linebacker armored vehicles, along with a reconnaissance unit and forward air controllers. At 1:00 AM on March 25, the air defense unit attacked towards the bridge and ran into heavy fighting against entrenched Iraqi paramilitary forces. Fighting throughout the night, the men made slow progress, calling in artillery strikes on the entrenched Iraqis. Before dawn, the air defense troops called for reinforcements and Col. Grimsley sent in Bravo Company 3rd battalion 7th Infantry Regiment. Upon linking up at 8:30 AM, the air defense troops were sent to guard the flanks while B co. 3/7 Inf continued the attack towards the bridge, fighting with numerous Iraqi foot soldiers and using infantry to clear buildings along the road. 
At 11:00 AM, B Co. 3/7 Inf attacked the bridge. After 3 tanks had driven on to the bridge, Iraqi sappers detonated explosives that had been wired onto the bridge. The bridge failed to collapse, but it was damaged, trapping three M1 Abrams tanks on the far side of the bridge. After inspecting the bridge and deciding it could hold a tank, the Battalion Commander of Task Force 3/69 AR drove his personal tank across the bridge. The bridge held, and the rest of the American armored force crossed the bridge, engaging Iraqi troops on the other side in vicious close quarters fighting. The troops came under fire from Iraqi mortars and were under near-suicidal attack from Iraqi forces who would charge their positions in pickup trucks, cars, dump trucks. 3 Bradley Fighting vehicles were hit by RPGs. These attacks continued all day on March 26, but they failed to dislodge the American forces from the bridge. Bravo Company 3/7 INF stayed at Object Jenkins until relieved by 3/7 cav on the afternnoon of March 27. Bravo Company 3/7 Infantry was engaged in ground combat with Iraqi forces from a total of 36 hours and faced up to 1200 Iraqi paramilitary forces.
The capture of Objective Jenkins isolated Najaf from the north.
Objective Floyd.
At 6:00 AM on March 25, the 3rd Battalion, 7th Cavalry Regiment attacked Objective Floyd. Fighting took place in a sandstorm which reduced visibility to 25 meters, causing the Americans to rely on thermal imaging to target Iraqi troops. At 10:43 AM the bridge was reached and was found to not be wired for detonation. After crossing the bridge, the 7th Cavalry sent Troops A and B north to secure a dam and bridge and set up blocking positions to further isolate Najaf. This group came under attack by hundreds of Iraqi paramilitaries who snuck up at close quarters during the sandstorm.
At the same time, Troop C securing the bridge around Objective Floyd came under heavy attack by Iraqi forces charging their positions in civilian vehicles, even going so far as to ram an M3 Bradley with a city bus and crashing a loaded fuel tanker through the American lines. Although helicopters were still grounded due to the sand storm, aircraft could fly above the sand and deliver GPS-guided munitions. Several airstrikes by B-1B Lancer bombers destroyed two Iraqi T-72 tanks.
While Troop B was moving northwards it was ambushed by Iraqi forces at close range. During this engagement, two M1 Abrams tanks and one M3 Bradley AFV were knocked out and their ammunition ignited. However the blast panels worked as they were designed and no crewmen were killed. Initial reports indicated that the tanks had been hit by Russian-made 9M133 Kornet antitank missiles, however, no evidence that the Iraqis possessed Kornets was ever found, and it is now thought that the tanks were disabled by hits from a Rocket-propelled grenade at a vulnerable point in their armor or possibly by friendly fire in the low visibility conditions of the sand storm.
Troop B abandoned the tanks and reached their blocking positions as nightfall put an end to the Iraqi attacks.
Surrounding Najaf.
After nightfall on March 26, 2nd Battalion, 69th Armored Regiment attacked south from Objective Jenkins in an attempt to link up with the 7th Cavalry Regiment at Objective Floyd and thereby complete the encirclement of Najaf. That night they successfully linked up with the 7th Cavalry. On March 27, 7th Cavalry withdrew after 120 hours of continuous combat. 
Inside Najaf, the situation was becoming increasingly desperate. Civilians who had made their way to American lines reported that the Saddam Fedayeen militia were forcing members of the Al-Quds Militia to fight by threatening to kill their entire families. They also reported that the local Ba'ath Party leader had been executing civilians before being killed in an airstrike. An Iraqi Army colonel reported that of the 1,200 men under his command, only 200 were left. 
On March 29, four American soldiers from the Alpha Company 2nd Battalion7th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Infantry Division were killed when a suicide bomber attacked their checkpoint outside Najaf.
Taking Najaf.
Due to continued attacks on supply lines by Iraqi forces operating out of bypassed cities, American forces slowed their advance for several days in order to secure their supply areas for the final push on Baghdad. During this time, the 82nd Airborne Division was attacking Samawah. On March 28, the 101st Airborne Division, supported by a battalion from the 1st Armored Division relieved the 3rd ID units around Najaf.
On March 29, the 101st attacked Iraqi forces positioned in an agricultural college in the southern part of the city. They also captured Najaf's airfield. On March 31, the 101st launched a reconnaissance-in-force into Najaf, in the area of the Imam Ali Mosque. The men came under attack by infantry, RPGs and howitzers being fired at point-blank range. In a four hour fight, heavy air support was used against the Iraqi forces, however the mosque was spared damage.
On April 1, the 101st commanders deliberately did not attack a single road leading out of Najaf towards Hillah. When Iraqi forces tried to flee along this road, they were ambushed by OH-58 Kiowa helicopter gunships and were targeted by snipers.
Also on April 1, elements of the 70th Armored Regiment launched a "Thunder Run", an armored thrust through Najaf's city center. M1 Abrams tanks were used and the attack met heavy resistance but was successful.
On April 2, the 101st launched several coordinated attacks into Najaf, seizing Saddam Fedayeen strong points and capturing much equipment. By April 4, the entire city was in American hands.

</doc>
<doc id="18767120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767120" title="Rowes Run, Pennsylvania">
Rowes Run, Pennsylvania

Rowes Run, Pennsylvania is a census-designated place located in Redstone Township, which is in Fayette County, Pennsylvania. The community was formerly part of the Grindstone-Rowes Run CDP, before it was split into two separate CDP's for the 2010 census. As of the 2010 census the population was 564. 
History.
Rowes Run was founded in 1907 by the Pittsburgh Coal Company. Also known as New Hill, it was named for a stream that ran through property owned by James Rowe, a prominent figure in the area. The mine located in the town was known as Colonial #3. In 1911, the town was acquired by the H. C. Frick Coke Company.
People from Rowes Run.
One person of note from Rowes Run is one time Major League Baseball player Bobby Locke. 

</doc>
<doc id="18767124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767124" title="Thelonious Alone in San Francisco">
Thelonious Alone in San Francisco

Thelonious Alone in San Francisco is jazz pianist Thelonious Monk's second solo album, released in 1959.
It was recorded live at Fugazi Hall, San Francisco, California on October 21 and 22, 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="18767125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767125" title="Tadg mac Conchobair">
Tadg mac Conchobair

Tadg mac Conchobair (died 900) was a King of Connacht from the Uí Briúin branch of the Connachta. He was the son of Conchobar mac Taidg Mór (died 882), a previous king, the second of his three sons to rule in succession, succeeding his brother Áed mac Conchobair (died 888). He was of the Síl Muiredaig sept of the Uí Briúin. He ruled from 888-900.
His brother had met his death fighting the Vikings on the side of the high king of Ireland. the annals record that in 891 the men of North Connacht and specifically the Ui Amalgada, a branch of the Uí Fiachrach defeated Norse forces in 891 and slew their leader.
Connacht was generally subjected to the Ui Neill high kings at this time and in 897, the high king Flann Sinna (died 916) attacked Connacht and secured its pledges. In 899 though, the Connachta made a raid into Westmeath but were defeated at Áth Luain. The "Annals of the Four Masters" associate this raid with the renewal of the fair of Connacht by Tadg. The annals record Tadg's death the next year "after prolonged suffering" 
His son Cathal mac Tadg (died 973) was also a King of Connacht.

</doc>
<doc id="18767130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767130" title="NS-2664">
NS-2664

NS-2664 (LS-193,048) is an anxiolytic drug with a novel chemical structure, developed by the small pharmaceutical company Neurosearch. It has similar effects to benzodiazepine drugs, but is structurally distinct and so is classed as a nonbenzodiazepine anxiolytic. NS-2664 is a potent but non-selective partial agonist at GABAA receptors, although with little efficacy at the α1 subtype and more at α2 and α3. It has potent anticonvulsant effects in animal studies, but a relatively short duration of action, and produces little sedative effects or physical dependence.

</doc>
<doc id="18767132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767132" title="Expressions in Chalk Street Painting Festival">
Expressions in Chalk Street Painting Festival

Every year in London, Canada, The Imadon Street painting Performance Group puts on 'Expressions in Chalk Street Painting Festival'.
The Imadon Street Painting Performance Group is a non-profit organization, incorporated to bring the art of street painting to the citizens and artists of London, through public performances and special events, teach street painting to London youth, utilizing local artists and arts groups and to promote London as a creative arts destination.
Expressions in Chalk was first held in the parking lot of St Peter's Cathedral but soon outgrew the space and now takes place on Talbot street between King and Dundas in front of the John Labatt Center.
The 2009 Expressions in Chalk festival featured an 18 x 92 foot reproduction of the Central Ceiling of the Sistine Chapel. 9 panels painted by 9 artists and led by Internationally renowned street painter, Melanie Stimmell.

</doc>
<doc id="18767142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767142" title="Miyama">
Miyama

Miyama may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18767149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767149" title="Guasopa Airport">
Guasopa Airport

Guasopa Airport , is an airport at Guasopa on Woodlark Island, in the Milne Bay Province, Papua New Guinea.
History.
World War II.
U.S. forces captured Woodlark Island on 30 June 1943 as part of Operation Chronicle. The 60th US Naval Construction Battalion began construction on 2 July of a coralsurfaced runway which was ready for use by 14 July. The runway was later expanded and by September measured and by October 12 a parallel runway was also built, together with 110 hardstands. The airifeld was also known as Woodlark Airfield. The airfield was used as a stopover point and refuelling point.
USAAF units based at Woodlark included:

</doc>
<doc id="18767182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767182" title="Boyle's Thirty Acres">
Boyle's Thirty Acres

Boyle's Thirty Acres was a large wooden bowl arena in Jersey City, New Jersey. It was built specifically for the world heavyweight championship bout between Jack Dempsey of the United States and Georges Carpentier of France on July 2, 1921. It held approximately 80,000 fans and was built at a cost of $250,000. It was situated around Montgomery Street and Cornelison Avenue, on a plot of marshland owned by John P. Boyle.
Background.
Tex Rickard, the promoter of the bout, initially wanted the fight to take place at the Polo Grounds in New York City. However, Nathan Lewis Miller, the governor of New York, opposed prizefighting and indicated that he did not want a Dempsey-Carpentier bout to be held in New York State. After a number of offers from other promoters, Rickard settled on a proposal from Frank Hague, the mayor of Jersey City. Hague obtained a parcel of land owned by John P. Boyle, a paper box manufacturer. The site was once the home of the Jersey City baseball team. The actual size of Boyle's land was . The octagonal structure was built using of lumber. The arena covered and during construction had the services of 500 carpenters and 400 laborers. C.S. and J.W. Edwards were the contractors. Construction started on April 28, 1921 and was completed a few days before the fight. The arena was initially due to hold 50,000 fans. However, the demand for the international extravaganza was so enormous that Rickard had to expand the arena to hold a capacity of around 80,000 to 90,000 fans. It had the greatest seating capacity of any amphitheatre ever built. In the contest between Dempsey and Carpentier, the strength and power of Dempsey was too much for the Frenchman who was knocked out in the fourth round, with a broken thumb.
Other notable boxing cards.
Boyle's Thirty Acres was used for a number of boxing cards after the Dempsey-Carpentier bout. On July 27, 1922 the great lightweight champion Benny Leonard recorded a newspaper decision win over Lew Tendler. Luis Ángel Firpo earned a title shot at Dempsey by knocking out ex-champion Jess Willard in the eighth round before a paid attendance of 75,712 on July 12, 1923. Firpo had less luck in 1924 when he was defeated by Harry Wills before 70,000 fans. Other notable fighters to have fought in Boyle's Thirty Acres were Tiger Flowers, Paul Berlenbach, Mike McTigue, James J Braddock and Johnny Wilson.
Demise.
By 1927, most major title bouts in the New York area were being held either at Yankee Stadium or the Polo Grounds. Rickard announced that the wooden arena would be demolished and in June 1927 the wrecking ball brought the short history of Boyle's Thirty Acres to an end.
Site.
In 1953, the site of Boyle's Thirty Acres became a Jersey City housing project named Montgomery Gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="18767203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767203" title="SC Buochs">
SC Buochs

SC Buochs is a Swiss football club, founded in 1934 (officially). The club colours are blue and white derived from the town Buochs's coat of arms.
Their home ground is Stadion Seefeld, which has a proclaimed capacity of 5'000 (1000 seats, 4000 standing). However and average of a couple hundred per home game( varying on significance) who turn up to watch their club play.
SC Buochs's greatest success was playing one season (1972/73) in the second pier of Swiss Football, at that time still National Liga B (NLB), which is now been renamed to the Challenge League.
SC Buochs are currently playing in the 2. Liga Interregional after being relegated from the Swiss 1. Liga (football) 2 years ago in the season 2005/06.
Fc Avanti.
Is a Football Club located in the lake side town of Buochs in Canton Nidwalden Switzerland. The club first started with the Name "Fc Avanti" after World War I (1918-1919 estimated) but didn't have the status of proper football club. It was made by some football loving chaps after the First World War, however disappeared around 1924 to be replaced by the actual SC buochs in 1934 (officially).
Founding of SC Buochs.
In 1933 was the first attempt made to establish SC Buochs but it failed due to only 9 people turning up which was insufficient to inaugurate the club. However then on the 21 of September 1934 13 'Friends of Football' met up to commence this new football Club, SC Buochs.
History of club.
SC Buochs was initially an athletics club with the "SC" meaning sport club in German. SC Buochs started off in the lowest league in Switzerland called the "Serie C" playing against in a small pool of amateur sides at first. As World War II started in 1939 the football was put to a stand still until 1941. A great amount of the clubs didn't have an actual football field during this time as it was used for the cultivation of field crops, subsequently results in clubs like Hergiswil using Buochs's primacies. This also resulted in these clubs having withdraw which earned Buochs a promotion without actually being promoted to the 3 Liga.
Buochs 1.
"Buochs 1" refers to SC Buochs first squad that currently play in the 2 Liga Interregional which is one of the many forth piers in Swiss football. They are the best team in Canton Nidwalden and used to be one of the best teams in the IFV (Innerschweizer Fussball Verband) and is a considerable force to reckon with once this young team flourishes to compact squad with a lot of experience. There have been a few exceptional players who have played for this 'petty' club in the 'heart of Switzerland', including Reto Zanni,(currently playing for FC Basel), Selver Hodžić (who played in the champions league later with FC Thun) and Ryszard Komornicki (who played with Poland in the 1986 World Cup).
Juniors.
SC buochs has a quality Junior program starting with the" football school" during spring teaching the youngsters the fundamentals of shooting, technique, rules, endurance and comradship before actually playing for the club. The club's youth program starts at F Juniors all the way up to A juniors and after that Buochs 1 or 2 and 3. Over the past years there have been some young and talented players who emerged from Buochs's youth system and have managed to play professionally or transferred to a professional club during the juniors and are still playing youth football. Reto Zanni who played for the Switzerland national under-21 football team and now plays for FC Basel and Christophe Lambert who currently plays for FC Luzern.
Seefeld.
SC Buochs's home ground is located by the Lake of Lucerne, consisting of three pitches (one of them being artificial, two natural grass), one main building for changing, storage, office and stands and a restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="18767216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767216" title="NS-2710">
NS-2710

NS-2710 (LS-193,970) is an anxiolytic drug with a novel chemical structure, developed by the small pharmaceutical company Neurosearch. It has similar effects to benzodiazepine drugs, but is structurally distinct and so is classed as a nonbenzodiazepine anxiolytic. NS-2710 is a potent but non-selective partial agonist at GABAA receptors, although with little efficacy at the α1 subtype and more at α2 and α3. It has anxiolytic effects comparable to chlordiazepoxide, and while it is a less potent anticonvulsant than the related drug NS-2664, it has a much longer duration of action, and similarly to other α2/α3-preferring partial agonists produces little sedative effects or physical dependence.

</doc>
<doc id="18767236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767236" title="Kōshū">
Kōshū

Kōshū or Koshu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18767242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767242" title="Hannibal and Scipio">
Hannibal and Scipio

Hannibal and Scipio is a Caroline era stage play, a classical tragedy written by Thomas Nabbes. The play was first performed in 1635 by Queen Henrietta's Men, and was first published in 1637. The first edition of the play contained a cast list of the original production, making the 1637 quarto an important information source on English Renaissance theatre.
Literary connections.
As its title indicates, the play relates the historical rivalry between Hannibal and Scipio Africanus. Out of the vast array of historical source material on the subject, Nabbes relied primarily upon the account of the Second Punic War given by Livy in his history of Rome, "Ab Urbe condita", and upon Plutarch's "Lives of Hannibal and Scipio."
Earlier English plays on the subject had been written and acted. A "Scipio Africanus," author unknown, was staged at the English Court on 3 January 1580; a "Hannibal and Hermes" by Thomas Dekker, Michael Drayton, and Robert Wilson dated from 1598; it was followed by a "Hannibal and Scipio" by Richard Hathwaye and William Rankins in 1601. (None of these works is extant.) John Marston's "The Wonder of Women" (1606) deals with the related figure of Sophonisba.
In the Prologue to his play, Nabbes writes of "borrowing from a former play" (line 190), but scholars have not agreed on any specific play to which he refers. Nabbes apparently intended to deny any debt to any previously produced drama.
Beyond the range of English literature, a large body of Continental plays, poems, and prose stories dealt with the subject matter; the last category includes versions of the story by Bandello, Boccaccio, and Petrarch.
The 1635 cast.
The cast list in the 1637 quarto of "Hannibal and Scipio" is one of only five such lists that have survived from the 1625–42 history of Queen Henrietta's Men. (The others are for "The Fair Maid of the West", "King John and Matilda", "The Renegado", and "The Wedding".) The role assignments for "Hannibal and Scipio", what the list itself calls "The speaking persons," are:
Structure and theme.
Nabbes structures his play so that each of the five Acts has a different setting — Capua; Syphax's court; Utica; Carthage; and Bithynia. "Nabbes organizes events...in order to present a series of contrasts — between Hannibal and Scipio, Syphax and Masinissa, continence and lust, public duty and private passion — which constitute variations on his main theme of the nature of human virtue." Through this pattern of contrasts, Nabbes constructs "a play with two protagonists, one tragic and one epic;" when Hannibal dies, Scipio is forced to realize the limits of his quest for military glory and turn toward the "contemplative virtues" of philosophy. Nabbes's play anticipated the heroic drama to come during the Restoration, though the heroic play "lacks both Nabbes's formal restraint and his Neoplatonic philosophy."
Nabbes's preoccupations in the play are philosophical and moral; he did not attempt to apply a political slant to the work, to comment on the contemporary political scene of his day. Later writers would not exercise the same restraint. In the later seventeenth and the eighteenth centuries, the Punic Wars would become the preferred metaphor for the prevailing political situation; in England, the long-standing competition with France was analogized in Punic-War terms — with England as victorious Rome. The great critic Samuel Johnson would eventually complain that he was sick of hearing about the subject; "he would be rude to anyone who mentioned the Punic Wars..."

</doc>
<doc id="18767258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767258" title="Sharon Weston Broome">
Sharon Weston Broome

Sharon Weston Broome (born 1956) is a Democratic member of the Louisiana Senate, representing the 15th District ever since she won a special election in December 2004. She was the first African American woman to represent that district. Her predecessor was Baton Rouge Mayor-President Kip Holden. She serves as President Pro Tempore of the state senate. In 2011, she was elected to her third Senate term without opposition.
Earlier she was a member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1991 through 2004, representing District 29. She was elected Speaker Pro Tempore of that House, the first woman to serve in that position. Broome is hence the first woman to serve in the number-two leadership position in both chambers. In 2002, Broome introduced House Concurrent Resolution (HCR) 74 which condemned "Darwinism" as justifying racism and Nazism. The bill was amended to remove allusions to Darwin and passed. In 2012, she was the sponsor of a bill requiring doctors to let a woman hear the heartbeat of a fetus (if present) before performing an abortion. The bill was signed into law by the governor on June 8, 2012.
Before being elected to state office she served on the Baton Rouge Metro Council. She has two degrees in communications and worked as a reporter for WBRZ-TV for five years. 

</doc>
<doc id="18767263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767263" title="Uberella vitrea">
Uberella vitrea

Uberella vitrea is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Naticidae, the moon snails. 

</doc>
<doc id="18767268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767268" title="Zentsūji">
Zentsūji


</doc>
<doc id="18767269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767269" title="Hirakawa">
Hirakawa


</doc>
<doc id="18767277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767277" title="The Paris Collection (Dollar album)">
The Paris Collection (Dollar album)

The Paris Collection is the second album released by the pop duo Dollar. It was released in 1980, their first album on WEA Records.
Overview.
Released in 1980, the album was the first the duo released on the WEA label. Recorded, appropriately enough, in Paris, the album failed to provide Dollar with the same success they had achieved a year previously. Out of the three single releases, only "Takin' a Chance On You" reached the charts, stalling at No.62. The album itself failed to chart. The other singles were "The Girls are Out to Get Ya" and "You Take My Breath Away". In an attempt to promote the album, members David Van Day and Thereza Bazar announced their engagement to the press, when in reality they had split up as a couple months earlier. 
The tracks on the album were written by the duo themselves and largely produced by them along with Greg Walsh. Experienced hit producer Phil Wainman produced one song - "The Girls are Out to Get Ya" - which was the lead single from the album, but failed to make an impact.
Dollar went on to achieve their biggest success with the label when they teamed up with producer Trevor Horn in 1981. Tracks from this album were released as B-sides to later hit singles in a further attempt to boost sales of the album. Many of the tracks were released on compact disc on a 2006 compilation album, "The Platinum Collection". The whole album was released on compact disc in February 2010 by Cherry Red Records with six bonus tracks. These included two solo singles by Van Day after the group split in 1983, "Young Americans Talking" and "Ringing the Bell", the former a No.43 hit, produced by Andy Hill.
Track listing.
All tracks written by David Van Day and Thereza Bazar unless otherwise noted

</doc>
<doc id="18767282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767282" title="David Colander">
David Colander

David C. Colander is the Christian A. Johnson Distinguished Professor of Economics at Middlebury College. He is known for his study of the economics profession itself, and the sociology of economics. His books "The Making of an Economist" and its later edition, "The Making of an Economist, Redux", have been called "essential reading for prospective graduate students". He has authored over 35 books and 100 articles on a wide variety of subjects. On IDEAS, he is listed in the top 5% of authors in a number of categories. He has expressed interest in complexity economics. His latest work focuses on economic education, complexity, and the methodology appropriate to applied policy economics.
Professor Colander received his Ph.D. from Columbia University and has taught at Columbia University, Vassar College, the University of Miami, and Princeton University as well as Middlebury College. In 2001-2002 he was the Kelley Professor for Distinguished Teaching at Princeton University. He has been president of both the Eastern Economic Association and History of Economic Thought Society and is, or has been, on the editorial boards of numerous journals, including Journal of Economic Perspectives and the Journal of Economic Education. He has also been a consultant to Time-Life Films, a consultant to Congress, a Brookings Policy Fellow, and a Visiting Scholar at Nuffield College, Oxford. He is listed in Who's Who?, Who's Who in Education?, etc. 
In an article entitled "Confessions of an Economic Gadfly", Colander relayed the story of his progression as an economist. He states that he is inspired by the "Yeah criterion" – intuitive explanations that seem to fit. He also discusses the influence of mathematics on economics and his career. He says that he is not an "ultramathematician", and is comfortable taking an intuitive approach to economic ideas. Thus he did not favor what he called "the MIT approach" of formalism. He believes that the MIT approach limits one's intuition, and recollects encountering colleagues who an example of a colleague who refused to discuss economic ideas without formal models. Despite Colander's aversion to simplified formal models, he began his career working on a mathematical project. He got his break, however, when he collaborated with Abba P. Lerner on a book. After that, he was able to publish in certain journals. He began to write textbooks, and since then his recognition has grown to the point where he turns down invitations to speak, and tries to focus his publications in areas where his ideas are less well-known.

</doc>
<doc id="18767296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767296" title="S66">
S66

S66 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18767297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767297" title="North Park Theatre">
North Park Theatre

The North Park Theatre is a historical single screen movie theatre in Buffalo, New York's North Park Neighborhood. It has functioned as a cinema since it opened on November 21, 1920.
Originally called Shea's North Park, the theatre, along with Shea's Performing Arts Center, serves as a remnant of the now defunct Shea's theatre chain, once owned by early twentieth century businessman Michael Shea. Its design by Henry Spann was influenced by the neoclassical movement. The auditorium features a proscenium above the screen and a 5-paneled recessed dome arched into the ceiling, both decorated with murals by Raphael Beck.
The North Park operated under Dipson Theatres until May 2013. The theatre is currently being restored by a new ownership group.
In June 1998, the North Park held the world premiere of "Buffalo '66". This marked the first major film to premiere in Buffalo since "The Natural" opened in 1984. In attendance were Vincent Gallo, Christina Ricci, and Asia Argento.

</doc>
<doc id="18767304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767304" title="Shiwa">
Shiwa

Shiwa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18767321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767321" title="Minneapolis, St. Paul and Sault Ste. Marie Railroad">
Minneapolis, St. Paul and Sault Ste. Marie Railroad

The Minneapolis, St. Paul and Sault Ste. Marie Railroad was a Class I railroad subsidiary of the Canadian Pacific Railway in the Midwest United States. Commonly known as the Soo Line after the phonetic spelling of Sault, it was merged with several other major CP subsidiaries on January 1, 1961 to form the Soo Line Railroad. As time passes, more and more Soo Line equipment is being repainted into the Canadian Pacific's current paint scheme, slowly erasing the Soo's identity as a subsidiary railroad.
In 1970 it reported 8249 million net ton-miles of revenue freight (and no passengers) on 4693 route-miles and 6104 track-miles operated at the end of the year.
Passenger service.
The Soo Line was never a major carrier of passenger traffic since its route between Chicago and Minneapolis was much longer than the competing Milwaukee Road, Chicago and North Western and Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad railroads. The Soo Line also had no direct access to Milwaukee.
The primary trains operated by the Soo were:
Additionally, local trains served Chicago to Minneapolis–St. Paul, Duluth–Superior to Minneapolis–St. Paul, Duluth to Thief River Falls, Minnesota, and some summer-only services which relieved "The Mountaineer" of the local work along its route.
Presidents.
The Presidents of the Soo Line were:
Preservation.
A number of the railroad's rolling stock has been preserved in museums across America, some in operational condition. Some of the more notable equipment is:

</doc>
<doc id="18767337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767337" title="Madampu Kunjukuttan">
Madampu Kunjukuttan

Madampu Sankaran Namboothiri, popularly known as Madampu Kunjukuttan, is a renowned Malayalam author and a screenplay writer. He was born on June 23, 1941 in Kiralur, a small village in Thrissur district, in the Indian state of Kerala. He is one of the most prolific and versatile writers in modern Malayalam literature. His novels, short stories and screenplays speaks more about the Kerala society. He has won the National Film Award for Best Screenplay in the year 2000 for the Malayalam film Karunam, directed by Jayaraj.
Background and personal life.
He was born in Kiralur village Thrissur district on 1941. His family is famous for Yaga among Namboothiri community and was among one of the influential families in the old Peruvanam village in Kerala. His father late Sankaran Namboodiri was a great influence among the local people and served as a rural judge while his mother was a house wife. He studied Sanskrit, Hasthyaayurvedam (treatment of elephants), worked as teacher for Sanskrit at Kodungalloor and was also a priest in nearby temple. Madampu also worked in Akasavani (All India Radio). His informal teachers were Poomully Aram Thamuran in Hasthyaayurvedam, the famous writer Kovilan for literature and Parabhattaraka Ananganandha Theertha Pada Sree Guru in Tantric Philiosophy.He married Savithri Antharjanam (late) and the couple have two daughters: Jaseena Madampu and Haseena Madampu.

</doc>
<doc id="18767349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767349" title="Senboku">
Senboku

Senboku or Sembuko may refer to several places in Japan:

</doc>
<doc id="18767352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767352" title="Shape theory (mathematics)">
Shape theory (mathematics)

Shape theory is a branch of topology, generalizing the idea of homotopy theory to cases with unfavorable local properties. The overall goal of shape theory is adapt the methods and results from homotopy theory to more general spaces, such as compact metric spaces or compact Hausdorff spaces.
Background.
Shape theory was founded by the Polish mathematician Karol Borsuk in 1968.
Warsaw Circle.
Borsuk lived and worked in Warsaw, hence the name of one of the fundamental examples of the area, the Warsaw circle. This is a compact subset of the plane produced by "closing up" a topologist's sine curve with an arc.
Development.
Borsuk's original shape theory has been replaced by a more systematic approach by inverse systems, pioneered by Sibe Mardešić, and independently, by Timothy Porter. In abstract terms, one starts with a dense subcategory of good objects, and approximates general objects by inverse systems of good objects in the best way in the sense of certain universality property. Thus the object is replaced by pro-object in dense category in appropriate way.
For some purposes, like dynamical systems, more sophisticated invariants were developed under the name strong shape. Generalizations to noncommutative geometry, e.g. the shape theory for operator algebras have been found.

</doc>
<doc id="18767355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767355" title="My Heart Belongs to Me">
My Heart Belongs to Me

"My Heart Belongs to Me" is a popular song from 1977 (see 1977 in music). It was originally performed by the songwriter, Alan Gordon, but the more famous version of the song was recorded by American singer and actress Barbra Streisand.
Released as a single from her multi-platinum 1977 album, "Streisand Superman", "My Heart Belongs to Me" peaked at number four on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart the middle of that year. It spent four weeks at number one on the "Billboard" easy listening chart, Streisand's fourth number-one song on this survey.
The song was originally considered for Streisand's film version of "A Star Is Born" from the previous year, but it was not included on that project. Charlie Calello, the co-producer of "My Heart Belongs to Me", rehearsed the song with Streisand by playing piano while she sang the lyrics. The instrumental portion of the song was recorded first, then Streisand recorded her vocals along with the orchestration the next day.

</doc>
<doc id="18767382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767382" title="S67">
S67

S67, S-67, or S.67 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18767385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767385" title="Interagency Language Roundtable">
Interagency Language Roundtable

The Interagency Language Roundtable (ILR) is an unfunded organization comprising various agencies of the United States Federal Government with the purpose of coordinating and sharing information on foreign language activities at the federal level.
The ILR's primary function is to act as an avenue for the varying participating federal agencies to keep abreast of modern methods and technology regarding the teaching of language, the use of language, and any other language related issues.
Membership.
The ILR membership consists of a large number of people with professional interest in language with regards to the teaching, learning, or use of language in a professional context. About 60% of the membership are federal employees.
Committees.
Aside from general membership, the ILR has three standing special interests committees:
Committees are chaired by federal employees from five different agencies.
Additionally, the ILR hosts the ILR Special Interest Group (SIG) on the Center for Advanced Study of Language (CASL). CASL SIG meetings, unlike ILR plenary meetings, are not open to general membership, allowing only federal representatives in attendance.
Joining the ILR.
Any interested person may attend unrestricted ILR plenary meetings and events, requiring only two days advance registration via the ILR home page. To become an ILR member, a person must first join their mailing list. Joining a specific committee requires only notifying a co-chair of the committee involved, and regularly attending meetings. Further details are listed on the ILR website. Membership is free.
Meetings.
Plenary meetings are held monthly between September and June. Lectures and demonstrations on linguistic general interest topics are featured at every plenary meeting. Prior to each plenary meeting, each committee meets to discuss specific topics of interest. Some committee meetings are not open to general membership, due to coverage of certain topics of federal interest. These meetings' attendance restrictions are announced in advance.
Most plenary meetings boast between 75 and 100 attendees.
Officers.
All officers of the ILR are volunteers who hold full-time federal positions elsewhere.
The Foreign Service Institute, the National Cryptologic School, and the Defense Language Institute lend additional minor clerical assistance.
Formation.
The origins of the ILR can be traced back to 1955, when the Foreign Service Institute's Howard Sollenberger, the CIA's Clyde Sargent, and James Frith of the Air Force Language Program, conversed regarding the need for communication and coordination between federal agencies in training, policies, and practices of foreign languages.
Subsequent meetings included attendance by members of the local academic community as well as Charles Ferguson, Director of the Center for Applied Linguistics.
The ILR was formally institutionalized in 1973, after a study conducted by the General Accounting Office demonstrated the value of the organization.
Contributions to the Field of Linguistics.
Since the 1950s, the ILR has made a number of contributions to the field of linguistics, both for American and foreign linguists, including, but not limited to:

</doc>
<doc id="18767391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767391" title="Don't Forget">
Don't Forget

"Don't Forget" is the debut studio album by American recording artist Demi Lovato. The album was released on September 23, 2008 by Hollywood Records. Lovato started working on the album in the summer of 2007, during filming of the Disney Channel original movie "Camp Rock". Lovato co-wrote most of the songs with the American boy band the Jonas Brothers, who produced the album alongside record producer John Fields. The album also includes Kara DioGuardi, Jason Reeves and Rooney frontman Robert Schwartzman, who collabrated from the album. "Don't Forget" features a pop rock and power pop sound and the lyrics deal with various teen topics. 
The album was met with generally positive reviews from critics. Due to most of the album being produced by the Jonas Brothers, critics noted distinctive similarities between the artists. However, the songs of the album were praised. "Don't Forget" debuted at number two on the "Billboard" 200 and was eventually certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). It has sold over 530,000 copies in the United States. Elsewhere, "Don't Forget" reached the top ten on the Canadian Albums Chart and cracked the top forty in Spain and New Zealand, as well as being certified Gold in Brazil. 
"Get Back" was released as the lead single from the album and reached number 43 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "La La Land" was the second and final single from the album. The song peaked at number 52 in the United States and inside the top 40 in Ireland and United Kingdom. "Don't Forget" was released as a promotional single from the album. In 2009, Lovato embarked on her first headlining tour, Summer Tour 2009, to promote the album along with her sophomore effort, "Here We Go Again" (2009). Globally, the album sold approximately 3 million copies.
Background.
Lovato was discovered by Disney Channel during an open call audition in her hometown of Dallas, Texas and made her debut on the short series "As the Bell Rings" in 2007. She subsequently auditioned for a role on the television series "Jonas", but did not get the part. Instead, she received the main role in the musical film "Camp Rock" after singing for the network executives. The same day, she auditioned for a role on the series "Sonny with a Chance", which she received. For "Camp Rock", she submitted an audition tape and Gary Marsh, Disney's president of entertainment, asked her to sing. Lovato recalled that "They kind of put me on the spot. I don't mind it. When people put me on the spot, it's kind of like, 'Hey, I'm not going to get nervous. I'm just going to do what I do.' So I did what I did." She sang Christina Aguilera's "Ain't No Other Man", and Hollywood Records senior vice president Bob Cavallo said that their "jaws just dropped". The stunt resulted in Lovato receiving the lead role in "Camp Rock", and a record deal with Hollywood Records in early 2008.
Lovato enlisted her "Camp Rock" co-stars the Jonas Brothers to work with her on the album, saying that her own songs needed "polish". She said that it was "important" to include them on her album as she "would love to have their input anytime". She felt that she needed help with the writing process as she tended to write songs that were "a little bit more intense and less catchy". With the album, she wanted to establish herself as a musician; she did not just want to be known as "the girl from "Camp Rock'"". Lovato explained that her goal was to have fun with the album and that she would include deeper themes on her sophomore effort, stating: "You won't necessarily find a lot of songs on the album, but hopefully you will on the next album. It's my first one, so I wanted it to be fun — stuff you can drive around in your car to and jam out to."
Development.
In the summer of 2007, Lovato began writing the songs with the Jonas Brothers, during the filming of "Camp Rock". In early 2008, they co-wrote ten songs in a week during the band's Look Me in the Eyes tour. Lovato said, "I wrote it with them and they helped me. They obviously knew the situation, and then we got on the bus one night — songs just started pouring out." Before the tour's European leg, they went to the studio where the band co-produced the songs with John Fields. Speaking of the experience of co-producing, Nick Jonas said: "Being able to co-produce was really cool and definitely something we'll be doing a lot more of." Nick also complimented working with Lovato. The album was recorded in ten and a half days.
The inspiration behind "Get Back", a Jonas-penned track, was Lovato not wanting to write a mean or heartbroken song as she felt that there was enough of them. Instead, she wanted to write about getting back together with an old boyfriend. "It's kind of a fun, upbeat song and it's kind of just fun to sing to the person that I wrote it about", she said of the song. "La La Land" was written by Lovato and the Jonas Brothers about "the pressures of fame". Lovato said, "You get to Hollywood and a lot of times people can try to shape you and mould you into what they want you to be. The song is just about keeping it real and trying to stay yourself when you're out in Hollywood". "Don't Forget", was written by Lovato and the Jonas Brothers, the song is about Lovato's experience of falling in love with someone who "just walks away and goes somewhere else". "I went through an experience like that and wanted to write about it. I got over it, and now a year later I don't have those feelings about that person anymore", Lovato said. Musical influences for the album included Paramore, Kelly Clarkson, Christina Aguilera, Billy Gillman, Aretha Franklin and Gladys Knight.
The album's final track listing consisted of six songs co-written by the Jonas Brothers, including the duet "On the Line". The remainder of the album was produced by Fields. Lovato enlisted Rooney frontman Robert Coppola Schwartzman for the track "Party", stating that she put her "musical input and lyrics" into the song and Schwartzman helped her, mainly on the hook. Lovato wrote the song "Trainwreck" on her own and co-wrote most of the remaining tracks, except for "The Middle", written by Fields, Kara DioGuardi and Jason Reeves, and "Until You're Mine", written by Andy Dodd and Adam Watts.
Composition.
The songs of "Don't Forget" draws from pop rock and power pop genres. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic wrote that it includes "bright, sugary, snappy power pop, fueled by big, fuzzy guitars and big, muscular hooks." As most of the album was co-written and co-produced by the Jonas Brothers, critics noted a similar sound between the artists. Erlewine noted that, unlike the Jonas Brothers' album "A Little Bit Longer", the album does not attempt to draw an audience broader than the tween demographic, calling it "pure, unapologetic bubblegum". The lyrics of the songs deal with teen issues, such as being independent or heartbroken. Digital Spy's Nick Levine wrote that recurring themes include; "staying true to yourself, making up and breaking up, lusting over someone unattainable." The opening track, "La La Land", is about Lovato feeling "out of place" in Hollywood, demonstrated in the verses, "Who said I can't wear my Converse with my dress?", and "I'm not a supermodel, I still eat McDonald's."
The next track, "Get Back", is a guitar-driven upbeat 1980s power pop song. The track speaks of wanting to get back together with an old boyfriend. "On the Line", a duet with the Jonas Brothers, is a breakup song described as bubblegum with a "fizzy" singalong hook. "Don't Forget", shows a transition from the album's tween pop into more mature glam rock. The song is a midtempo power ballad and features Lovato singing with breathy vocals in a falsetto tone. According to Joey Guerra of "Houston Chronicle", "Trainwreck" and "Gonna Get Caught" include Beatles-esque melodies. "Trainwreck" contains references to medication. "Two Worlds Collide" is about a young couple who finds strength from their shared dreams. The ninth track, "The Middle", is about Lovato being eager to go for a ride with a guy, and willing to "crash" and "fall" just for the thrill of it. In "Until You're Mine", Lovato is desperate to "fill an emotional vacancy with a boy". Michael Slezak of "Entertainment Weekly" wrote that the closing track, "Believe in Me", includes "platitudes that might as well have been penned by "Dora the Explorer"."
Reception.
Critical reception.
"Don't Forget" was met with generally positive reviews from critics. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic wrote a positive review of album, calling it "pure pop for tween people". He said that the "parade of urgent, insistent guitar pop" is what makes the album memorable, stating, "the kind of pop that feels disposable but winds up sticking around longer than its more considered cousins. This kind of trashy fun was missing on A Little Bit Longer, so it's nice to find that it surfaces proudly on Don't Forget." Nick Levine of Digital Spy noted that the album sounds "like a female-fronted Jonas Brothers". Levine was positive regarding Lovato's vocals on the album, saying that "she's certainly a stronger singer than the Jonases. In fact, her full-bodied vocal performances are consistently impressive." He noted that the album's "relatively risqué moments [...] come on the tracks that the Jonases have nothing to do with." Levine rated the album three out of five stars and wrote "None of its eleven songs is terrific, but none is terrible either, and Lovato makes a good first impression, coming off like a more innocent, less try-hard Katy Perry."
Joey Guerra of "Houston Chronicle" stated that the album "casts Lovato as a female counterpart to the Jonas Brothers". Guerra was mixed regarding Lovato's vocal delivery on the album, calling it "at times too earnest". He also noted that "her rock tendencies sometimes dwindle into unmelodic misses". He concluded his review, writing, "at 16 years old, Lovato should be allowed some wide-eyed wiggle room. "Don't Forget" does its job and leaves her room to grow." Michael Slezak of "Entertainment Weekly" graded the album a C and wrote, "The "Camp Rock" star Demi Lovato's debut album might be an indication that today's crop of rocker "grrrls" are taking their inspiration from Ashlee Simpson rather than, say, Janis Joplin."
Commercial performance.
On October 11, 2008, "Don't Forget" debuted and peaked at number two on the "Billboard" 200, selling 89,000 copies in its first week of release. The following week, the album descended to number 16. It spent a total of 45 weeks on the "Billboard" 200, and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipments exceeding 500,000 copies. "Don't Forget" entered at number nine on the Canadian Albums Chart on October 11, 2008, and spent two weeks on the chart. On April 26, 2009, "Don't Forget" entered the Spanish Albums Chart at number 13. The album spent a total of 23 weeks on the chart and its last appearance was on the issue dated September 27, 2009. The album debuted at number 34 on the New Zealand Albums Chart on February 23, 2009 and spent remained at the same position for another week before falling off. On May 2, 2009, "Don't Forget" made its debut at number 192 on the UK Albums Chart.
Promotion.
As a part of promotion, Lovato performed tracks from the album on several televised appearances and occasions. She performed "Get Back" for the first time at the opening ceremony of the 2008 Disney Channel Games on May 4, 2008. On October 1, 2008, she performed it on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show". Later on January 19, 2009, she performed "Get Back" and "La La Land" at the event on January 19, 2009, in Washington D.C. at the Verizon Center. The event was held to celebrate the inauguration of Barack Obama as President of the United States. On April 7, 2009, she performed "La La Land" on the eighth season of "Dancing with the Stars". The same month, she also performed "Don't Forget" on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show". On April 25, 2009, she appeared on the final episode of singing competition "My Camp Rock", where she presented the award to the winner and performed "La La Land".
Apart from the live performances, Lovato embarked on her first headlining tour, Summer Tour 2009 with dates in North America. After days of speculation on blogs and fansites, it was confirmed on April 15, 2009 that David Archuleta would serve as the tour's opening act. Lovato announced it on her Myspace blog, where she also wrote, "I'm so excited about headlining my own tour. I love life on the road. I'm in a different city every night, and it never gets old." Songstress Jordan Pruitt and girl group KSM joined on select dates. Tickets for the tour went on sale on April 25, 2009, and a special pre-sale offer was made available through Lovato's newly-launched official fan club on April 15. Lovato said of the tour, "I've always dreamed of headlining my own tour, and it's so exciting to have that dream come true. I'm looking forward to seeing all my incredible and supportive fans, and play new music for them." The tour launched on June 21, 2009 at XL Center in Hartford, Connecticut and was originally supposed to run forty-seven dates through August. The last three dates were rescheduled for October and November 2009, and three others dates were canceled completely, making it forty-four concerts in total. The tour was produced by AEG Live and sponsored by AT&T and Choice Hotels. The song "Two Worlds Collide" was featured from the Disney Channel original movie "Princess Protection Program".
Personnel.
Source

</doc>
<doc id="18767398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767398" title="Landesliga Hamburg-Hansa">
Landesliga Hamburg-Hansa

The Landesliga Hamburg-Hansa is the sixth tier of the German football league system and the second-highest league in the German state of Hamburg, together with the "Landesliga Hamburg-Hammonia". It is named after the Hanse, which Hamburg was a member of.
Overview.
1947 to 1950.
The league was formed in 1947, alongside three other divisions on the same level in the City of Hamburg, as the Bezirksklasse Hamburg-Hansa. The other three leagues were:
The four new leagues replaced the "1. Klasse Hamburg" as the feeder leagues to the "Stadtliga Hamburg", which was now renamed "Verbandsliga Hamburg". The "1. Klasse Hamburg" had been operating since the end of the Second World War in 1945 and consisted of three divisions. The change in the league system at this level came together with the establishment of the "Oberliga Nord" as the new tier-one league in Northern Germany. This meant the new "Bezirksklasse" in Hamburg was now the third tier of the league system, below "Oberliga" and "Verbandsliga".
The league started out with ten clubs, with the league champion being promoted to the "Verbandsliga". In its second season, the league expanded to twelve clubs. The league above it was renamed from "Verbandsliga Hamburg" to "Amateurliga Hamburg" at the end of this season. The year after, in 1950, the "Amateurliga" was then reduced to one single division from the two it had been operating at previously.
For the "Bezirksklasse", this also meant a change: The four existing divisions were disbanded and replaced by two leagues:
For the "Hansa-division" (German: "Hansa-Staffel") this meant a temporary end to its operation.
1953 to 1963.
In 1953, the league was once more reestablished and the "Elbe-Staffel" and "Alster-Staffel" disbanded. Three of the four leagues in existence until 1950 were reformed, the "Olympia-Staffel" however, was not. The leagues were now named "Verbandsligas":
Each of the three divisions had now fourteen clubs and the league champion was again promoted directly to the "Amateurliga Hamburg". The leagues were again the third tier of the German league system. In the fourteen-team per division era, usually the bottom two teams of each division were relegated. Additionally, teams would be moved between the three divisions according to geographical necessity, to balance them out.
In 1963, the Fußball-Bundesliga was established in Germany. The old "Oberliga Nord" was disbanded and at its stead, the "Regionalliga Nord" was set as the second tier of the league system. The "Amateurliga Hamburg", now renamed "Landesliga Hamburg", slipped to third tier in the league system, making the three "Verbandsligas" the fourth tier now. Otherwise, nothing changed for the three leagues.
1963 to 1974.
In the first couple of seasons after 1963, nothing changed for the three leagues. The "Hansa-Staffel" was upsized to fifteen teams for the 1968-69 season, but returned to fourteen the year after.
In 1970, the "Germania-Staffel" was disbanded, leaving only the "Hansa" and "Hammonia" division on this level, as it is today. The two remaining divisions were increased in size, "Hansa" to seventeen and "Hammonia" to sixteen. Also, the leagues changed their name from "Verbandsliga" to "Amateurliga". The following season, both divisions operated with sixteen clubs.
In 1974, the "Regionalliga Nord" was replaced by the "2nd Bundesliga Nord" as the second tier in the region. As the new third tier, the "Oberliga Nord" was re-established. The "Landesliga Hamburg", now renamed "Verbandsliga Hamburg" slipped to fourth tier because of this change and the two "Amateurligas" below it therefore to fifth tier.
1974 to 1994.
In 1978, the "Amateurligas" in Hamburg were renamed to "Landesliga", a name they carry to date. Nothing changed otherwise for the Landesliga Hamburg-Hansa.
The league experienced no change in the two decades from 1974 to 1994, operating on sixteen teams for all but one season. Also, changes in the league system above it did not affect it in this time.
In 1994, however, the "Regionalligas" were reformed. In the north, this meant a reestablishing of the "Regionalliga Nord". The "Oberliga Nord" was disbanded again and in its stead, the "Oberliga Hamburg/Schleswig-Holstein" was formed. The "Regionalliga" becoming the new third tier in the league system meant for the "Landesligas" that they now fell to sixth tier.
1994 to current.
The league continued to remain unchanged. The "Oberliga Nord" was re-formed, again, in 2004, replacing the "Oberliga hamburg/Schleswig-Holstein" at this level. This meant no change for the "Landesligas".
In 2008, the "3rd Liga" was established and the "Oberliga Nord" once more disbanded. Instead of this league, the five northern "Verbandsligas" were elevated to the status of "Oberliga", meaning, the "Verbandsliga Hamburg" now became the "Oberliga Hamburg". The two leagues below it remained as the "Landesligas", unchanged in name and tier.
League champions.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="18767422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767422" title="Feira Nova">
Feira Nova

Feira Nova may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18767425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767425" title="The Dollar Album">
The Dollar Album

The Dollar Album is the third and final studio album released by the pop group Dollar. It was released in October 1982 and featured five top 40 hit singles, including their biggest "Mirror Mirror".
Background.
By its release in 1982, Dollar had seen a revival in fortunes following their previous, unsuccessful album. After teaming up with producer Trevor Horn in 1981, the group had enjoyed their biggest success with four hit singles; "Hand Held in Black and White", "Mirror Mirror (Mon Amour)", "Give Me Back My Heart" and "Videotheque" - all of which reached the UK top 20. Members David Van Day and Thereza Bazar began work on a new album and wrote and produced the remainder of the tracks themselves. Although all their own songs were credited as joint compositions, a number of them were written by only one of them, such as "Dangerous Blondes", "Guessing Games" and "Anyone Who's Anyone" by Bazar and "You Made Me Love You" and "I Got Your Number Wrong" by Van Day. 
The production was also largely handled by Bazar herself after she had spent much time working closely with Horn in the studio. A fifth single, "Give Me Some Kinda Magic", was released to coincide with the album. Although it became another top 40 hit, it failed to chart as highly as the previous four singles. Despite containing five Top 40 singles and a television advertising campaign, the album itself did not fare as well as expected, though it still became their biggest seller, peaking at no.18 (their highest charting album) and was certified Silver by the BPI. Thereza Bazar has since said of the album that she is proud of their own songs (particularly "Pink and Blue") but regrets that Trevor Horn couldn't have worked on more of it. She says that the four songs he did with them were very expensive due to the vast amount of time spent in the studio on them, but they were "worth every penny".
In early 1983, Dollar were on a promotional tour of Japan with their new single "Two Hearts". The formerly dating couple were by this time finding it difficult to continue working together and decided to split. The single was never released in the UK. Dollar reformed in 1986 and despite four single releases, including a top 10 hit, the group never released another album. 
Many of the tracks on this album were released on compact disc on a 2006 compilation, "The Platinum Collection." The whole album was released on compact disc in February 2010 by Cherry Red Records, and included six bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18767444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767444" title="S68">
S68

S68 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18767469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767469" title="By the Hand of the Father">
By the Hand of the Father

By The Hand of the Father is an original theatrical work that combines spoken word, music, and video to dramatize the unique 20th century journey of the Mexican-American father.
The productions original music by singer/songwriter Alejandro Escovedo, is interwoven with stories written by Theresa Chavez, Oscar Garza, Eric Gutierrez and Rose Portillo; and video by Janice Tanaka. It is directed by Theresa Chavez, Artistic Director of About Productions; and produced by About Productions, a Los Angeles-based theater company; and Paula Batson Productions, an independent production company focusing on music projects. 
Premiering in June, 2000, at Plaza de la Raza’s Margo Albert Theatre in Los Angeles, it has played numerous venues throughout the U.S., and in Canada. It was featured in the 2002-03 season of Austin City Limits--the first time the long-running PBS music show has presented a theatrical work.
Performances of "By The Hand of the Father" have been presented at The Getty Center, Los Angeles (March 2001); the Autry National Center, Los Angeles (2001); 24th Street Theatre, Los Angeles (April 2001); Mexican Fine Arts Center Museum, Chicago (May 2001); Seattle Experience Music Project, Seattle, WA (July, 2001); the High Performance Rodeo in Calgary, Alberta (Jan, 2002); the Banff Centre for the Arts in Alberta, Canada (Jan, 2002); Texas Union Theatre, Austin (June, 2002); Luckman Center for the Arts, Los Angeles (July 2002); and Gammage Auditorium at Arizona State University (April, 2003). 
During Escovedo’s battle with Hepatitis C, the production was fronted by either Rosie Flores or Rick Treviño at the following venues: International Hispanic Theatre Festival, Miami/Ft. Lauderdale (June, 2003); John Anson Ford Amphitheatre, Los Angeles (June, 2003); Merced Playhouse (October, 2003); George Mason University, Wash., D.C./Fairfax (Oct 2004); Mondavi Center @ UC Davis, (Oct 2004); Luther Burbank Center, Santa Rosa (Nov 2004); University of Arizona (Nov 2004); and the National Ensemble Theatre Festival (June, 2005). 
Escovedo returned to the production in 2006 for performances at University of Texas, Brownsville (April, 2006), and University of Texas, Austin (April, 2006).
In 2002, the CD of songs and stories from the original theaterwork was released and included guest artists Pete Escovedo, Rosie Flores, Ruben Ramos and Cesar Rosas (of Los Lobos).
See also.
By the Hand of the Father (album)

</doc>
<doc id="18767473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767473" title="Ueki">
Ueki

Ueki may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18767480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767480" title="Kaita">
Kaita

Kaita may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18767483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767483" title="1995 Australian Production Car Championship">
1995 Australian Production Car Championship

The 1995 Australian Production Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned national motor racing title for drivers of Group 3E Series Production Cars. 
Calendar.
The title was contested over a six round series with two races per round.
Championship points were awarded on a 20-15-12-10-8-6-4-3-2-1 basis to the top ten finishers in each race. 
A separate Class B award was open to drivers of Group 3E cars of up to 1.6 litre engine capacity with points awarded on a 9-6-4-3-2-1 basis to the top six Class B finishers in each race. 

</doc>
<doc id="18767489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767489" title="George Oldenburg">
George Oldenburg

George Oldenburg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18767491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767491" title="Kernal Korn">
Kernal Korn

Kernal Korn is a promotional character for Goodrich Quality Theaters, a Midwestern United States theater chain. He is also regarded as the unofficial mascot of Goodrich Quality Theaters, due to the presence of an inflatable figure of Kernal Korn at every Goodrich theater. Kernal Korn is an anthropomorphized tub of popcorn, holding a cup of Pepsi in his right hand. His attire is that of a Goodrich employee, who still wore dark red vests and wore full-length black ties until 2006.
History.
In 2003, cartoonist Jay Fosgitt was commissioned by Goodrich Quality Theaters to create a promotional character for the company. After numerous revisions, the company settled on the current design and named the character Kernal Korn. Later, inflatable mascots of the character were manufactured and distributed to all Goodrich Quality Theater locations. These figures remain on display at Goodrich theaters. The character is also used for theater promotional materials, such as in-theater advertisements for Goodrich's free kid shows, though his use has become less frequent in recent years.

</doc>
<doc id="18767497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767497" title="Effortless Relaxation">
Effortless Relaxation

Effortless Relaxation is a New Age music album by Steven Halpern, released in 1991. All tracks except Pachelbel's Canon were written by Halpern. The album was reissued in 2003, incorporating subliminal suggestions, and with a slightly different track list.

</doc>
<doc id="18767501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767501" title="Jul-Gonu">
Jul-Gonu

Jul-Gonu is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Korea. It is one of many Gonu games. The game has a relatively small board (4 x 4 square board), and yet offers a challenge at different levels. The game could be played on a larger board, however, it tends to be tiresome. Jul means "lines", and the lines of the board are often drawn on the ground.
The game is remotely related to Ming Mang (game).
Goal.
A player wins if he or she reduces their opponent's pieces to one, or stalemates their opponent's pieces by not allowing them to move on their turn.
Equipment.
A 4 x 4 square board (or grid) is used. Each player has 4 pieces. One plays as the black pieces, and the other plays as the white pieces.
Game Play and Rules.
1. Player decide what colors to play, and who starts first. Players alternate their turns. Each player moves only one piece per turn.
2. Each player's four pieces are initially set up on the first rank of their respective side.
3. A piece moves orthogonally(follows the lines) one space onto a vacant space per turn. However, a move that repeats a previous position is not allowed.
4. Capturing is done by the custodian method. If two pieces from one player flanks an enemy piece(s) on both sides with no vacant space in between, the enemy piece(s) are captured and removed from the board. The custodian capture must be done in an orthogonal direction (not diagonal direction). Please note that more than one piece can be captured with this method.

</doc>
<doc id="18767507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767507" title="Rajkumar Singhajit Singh">
Rajkumar Singhajit Singh

Rajkumar Singhajit Singh, (born May 1, 1935) is a leading exponent, choreographer and a guru of Indian classical dance form of Manipuri, including the Pung cholom and Raslila. He was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1984 and the Padma Shri in 1986 for his contribution to the Manipuri dance. In the year 2011, Sangeet Natak Akademi, India's The National Academy for Music, Dance and Drama, awarded him with its highest award, the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship for his contribution to Indian Dance.
Guru Singhajit Singh and his wife Charu Sija Mathur, who is also a Sangeet Natak Akademi Award recipient, have established, "Manipuri Nrityashram", a Manipuri dance school, in New Delhi.
Biography.
Rajkumar Singhajit Singh was born in a family of dancers and musicians in Manipur. Early in life, he was fortunate to receive his dance education from the finest gurus of Manipuri dance, starting with ‘Guru Ojha Iboton Singh’ (1942–46) for Pung (drum), followed by ‘Guru Amubi Singh’ (1948–54) – Jagoi; ‘Guru Thambal Angou Singh’ (1950–52) - Kartal Chalom; ‘Guru Chauba Singh’ (1952–53) - Kartal Chalom; and with ‘Guru Ojha Gaura Singh’ (1952–53) from whom he learned the martial arts with Sword & Spear, and soon established himself as a dancer, choreographer and artist of repute 
He joined Triveni Kala Sangam, New Delhi, in 1954, as Head of the Manipur Dance Section, and later in 1962, founded the ‘Triveni Ballet’ of which he was Director and Principal Dancer.
Over the year, he and his dance troupe, have extensively travelled to several countries in Europe, the former USSR, North and South America, Japan, West Asia and Africa. Their recent choreography, "Ashta Nayika", has received wide recognition, from both viewers and critics alike 

</doc>
<doc id="18767511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767511" title="Valiama">
Valiama

Lady Valiamma Narain (1869–1954) was the Tamil Matriarch, a Tamil East Indian immigrant coming from the city of Nagappattinam in the state of Tamil Nadu in southern India. Valiamma spent quite a few years on the island of Martinique where she, her mother Peruammal,her father Permal, and sister Alice were indentured. Valiamma also known as Meme Veronique or Veronica married at a very early age to a young man by the name of Matrizan and adapted to the French society. They had a daughter together Anise. Problems arose between Valiamma and Matrizan's family, and Valiamma left Martinique with her daughter Anise who was 3 at the time, her mother Peruammal, and sister Alice around 1888 to arrive in Trinidad, where she worked with the De Boissiere family who owned the Champs Elysee Estate in Maraval Trinidad. Tamil being her mother tongue she spoke French creole and English Fluently. Valiamma mastered in French culinary and was taught by her mother the art of massage. Her abilities were so high in demand Valiamma built a great relationship with her clients and hosted parties and massage sessions.
Shortly after her arrival to Trinidad Valiamma was around twenty when she was approached by a young Tamil east Indian immigrant who settled in Trinidad by the name of Narain The two made an excellent match and Peruammal Valiamma's mother had arranged for them to marry and settle at her home on cotton hill. Narain had adopted Anise Valiamma's daughter from her first marriage and they together had several children of whom seven survived. In order was: Julia, Victorine Known as Coopai or Sonny Ma, Mayotte, Edmund Known as Big Mammay, Emelda Known as Chuparee or Chennai Pati, John Known as Chinna Dada or Chinna Thamby, and Marie Louise (known as Susi). They all had Western and French names due to Valiamma being Roman Catholic. Alice Valiama's younger sister met a young man by the name of Gosine and settled in Todd's Road Rio Claro. Around 1900 Anise was a 15 years of age, she married a young man just 18 by the name of Tamby Pillai. Tamby's father Shiva Subromaniam Pillai who had emigrated to Trinidad from the city of Coimbatore in the southern state of Tamil Nadu on the John Allen Ship in 1873. They had eight children in order, Pulleh, Babe, Armogam known as (Edward Joseph), Christo, Rita known as (Little Ma), Lucile, Elsie, and Sylvan born 1925. 
Valiamma's mother grew old and they had to care for her. Some time after 1914 Peruammal died and was given a Traditional Tamil funeral, a horse-drawn hearse proceeded by drummers and pennies thrown in front of the moving hearse and collected by mourners with sacred prayers by the Pujari or Pundit - (Priest), She was buried at Lapeyrouse Cemetery. Suddenly after the birth of Valiamma's last child Susi, Narain died leaving her with their seven children and none were adults yet. Times were tough, but as usual Valiamma supported her family with her profession of Culinary and Masseuse and she also bought cows to generate dairy for sale. As Valiamma's children got older they all married Julia to Lutchman and they had 8 children Gabriel, Nashug, Anthony, Prince, Edward, Kami, Mary, And Rita. Victorine to Chubbiah, and they had three children, Patricia known as Batee,William known as Sonny, and David Paul Known as Boyin. Mayotte to Muniappa Chetti Known as Arab and they had 9 children Rose Known as Akka, Ethel Known as Thangai Tantie, Patrick, Margaret Known as Dodo Tantie, John, Veronica known as Vera, Lenora Known as Dolly, Dorothy, and Michael. Edmund to Helena Maycock they had three children Eugene, Muriel, and Jean. Emelda to Narayanasami Naidu from the village of Vadakalur in the North Arcot district of Tamil Nadu who descended from the Poligar caste a sub-case of the Kshatriya caste, they had 8 children in order, Florence known as Akka, Eugene known as Clayton Dada, Peter known as Sweeny Dada, Cecilia known as Doreen, Robert known as Tuggy Dada, Kelvin or Carlo known as bella boy, Teresa known as Daisy, and Loretta known as Marion born 1935. John did not have children of his own but was a father to all and adopted children in the village. Then Susi to Venkaya who descended from the Kshatriya caste in Kerala. They had 8 children in order Cecil, Chrisma known as Boysie, Beulah, Ceryl, Angela, Jean, Gloria known as Philomin, and Harold. 
Lady Valiamma died in 1954 at the age of 85 yrs and was buried in Mucurapo Cemetery in Trinidad.

</doc>
<doc id="18767518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767518" title="S69">
S69

S69 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18767521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767521" title="Kiyotake">
Kiyotake

Kiyotake (written: 清武 or 清健) is both a Japanese surname and a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
Surname:
Given name:

</doc>
<doc id="18767527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767527" title="Alessandro Puzar">
Alessandro Puzar

Alessandro Puzar (born November 19, 1968) is an Italian former two-time Grand Prix motocross world champion.
Biography.
Puzar began his motocross Grand Prix career in 1988 riding a KTM. He was the 1990 F.I.M. world champion in the 250cc class on a Suzuki. In 1995 he won the 125cc motocross world championship on a Honda. Along with Andrea Bartolini and Alessio Chiodi, Puzar was a member of the winning Italian team in the 2002 Motocross des Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="18767543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767543" title="Chatan">
Chatan

Chatan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18767550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767550" title="Minowa">
Minowa

Minowa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18767551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767551" title="Red Bank, New Brunswick">
Red Bank, New Brunswick

Red Bank, New Brunswick is a small rural community (unincorporated area) in Northumberland County, New Brunswick, Canada. It is located approximately 20 km west of Miramichi, New Brunswick, at the mouth of the Little Southwest Miramichi River, at its confluence with the Northwest Miramichi River. The community lies on the southwest bank of the NW Miramichi, adjacent to the Metepenagiag Mi'kmaq Nation, and opposite its sister community Sunny Corner around the intersection of Route 420 and Route 425.
A post office has existed here since 1854.
In 1871 Red Bank had a population of 175, and in 1898 Red Bank had a population of 200.

</doc>
<doc id="18767564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767564" title="Hummel Bird">
Hummel Bird

The Hummel Bird is an Experimental/Amateur Built aircraft designed by Morry Hummel. It is a single seat, single engine, all metal airplane typically powered by a 1/2 VW engine in the 32 hp-45 hp range although other engines have been used successfully. It is built from plans, but many of the components are available pre-made from Hummel Aviation. Examples have been built for less than $4,000 with extensive "scrounging" but with all new material and a pre-built engine, a more likely figure would hover near $8,000-$10,000.
Development.
The Hummel Bird is a derivative of an earlier design known as the Parker Teenie Two. Originally designed by Calvin Parker, the design was featured in Popular Mechanics May 1971. Plans for the Teenie Two were originally offered for sale in 1969 and are still offered today with more than 12,000 sets sold.
The next generation of the design was called the Watson GW-1 Windwagon. Designed by Gary Watson, the windwagon shares a great deal of the design elements of the Teenie Two and debuted at the Experimental Aircraft Association fly-in in Oshkosh, Wisconsin in 1978. The most obvious variation from the Teenie Two is in the fuselage. The Windwagon fuselage is smaller and is essentially a union of two cones. One that starts at the seat back and tapers to the back bulkhead and another that tapers forward of the seat back to the firewall. This design element would carry on to the Hummel Bird.
In the fall of 1979, Morry Hummel, who worked in the Curtis Wright experimental department during WWII, purchased the plans for Gary Watson’s Windwagon and the development of the "Hummel Bird" began. Because of the weather in Hummel's state of Ohio, a canopy was needed. The horizontal stabilizer attach construction was re-designed. The seat back was raised 5 inches so a shoulder harness could be added, and the instrument panel was raised 2 inches, increasing fuel capacity and leg room. The wing was completely re-engineered. The dihedral break on the Windwagon was in the middle, Morry made the center wing section straight and put the dihedral break at the point where the outer wing panels bolt to the center section. The Hummel Bird spar is built up of 1/8 6061-t6 aluminum angle spar caps, with a .040, 2024-t3 spar web. The spar cap angles are doubled in the center section, and tapered in the outer panels. The number of ribs was increased, the thickness of the skin was reduced, and the skins get even thinner toward the tips. The ribs are now a two piece design with one in front of the spar(nose rib) and one between the spars(main rib). The skins are riveted to the spars leaving no bump where the one piece ribs previously pushed the skin up where it crossed the spar. Both the Teenie Two and the Windwagon had tricycle landing gear, however, Morry preferred conventional landing gear so taildragger gear became a popular option. There were other changes as well, compromising a significant improvement over the wind wagon. He finished his project in July 1980. In July 1982, the plane was featured in an article written by Jack Cox, of Sport Aviation. Jack dubbed Morry’s new creation the “Hummel Bird” and the name stuck.
Originally builders had to buy Windwagon plans as well as Hummel's modifications and try to incorporate the two. This proved very difficult. One of those builders was Bill Spring. An engineer by profession, Spring took a great many photos and consulted with Morry Hummel until he had the complete design. He then created CAD drawings and a builders manual which now comprise the plans package available from Hummel Aviation.
Despite the misconception, the Hummel Bird is not an ultralight aircraft. Its empty weight exceeds the specified 254 pounds, it carries more than 5 gallons of fuel, stalls at a speed above 24 knots and its top speed is well beyond the ultralight limit of 55 knots.
Variations.
Some notable variations of the aircraft include:
Fuel: The standard location of the fuel tank is forward of the instrument panel. Some builders have moved it to the leading edges of the wings. By creating a sealed leading edge tank, the fuel is moved away from the pilot for better crash survivability with the added benefit of more than doubling the fuel capacity.
Fuselage: The plans state that a builder can increase the width and/or height of the bulkheads in an effort to make the fuselage more hospitable for larger pilots.
Engines: The standard engine for the design is the four-stroke, 1/2 VW engine. An engine literally made by cutting the block of a standard four cylinder VW engine in half. After machining and welding, the remaining two cylinder engine is light and powerful. Alternative engines include the more powerful but heavier four cylinder VW engine, the two-stroke Rotax 447, even the McCulloch 0-100-1 drone engine popular with the early gyrocopter builders.

</doc>
<doc id="18767590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767590" title="Tsokkos">
Tsokkos

Tsokkos Hotels (CY: TSH) is a hotel chain owned by the Tsokkos family. The business was founded in 1979 by the Andreas Tsokkos. The company is Cyprus's largest hotel chain with over 8,000 beds in 30 hotels in Cyprus and Egypt. It has 1,200 employees and serves 1.2 million clients per year. There are Tsokkos Hotels in Cyprus and Egypt.
Hotels And Resorts.
Cyprus.
Protaras
Ayia Napa
Paphos
Egypt.
Sharm el-Sheikh

</doc>
<doc id="18767596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767596" title="Ed Zawatsky">
Ed Zawatsky

Ed Zawatsky is the former head coach and general manager of the Yorkton Terriers Junior 'A' Hockey Team. He led the Terriers team to the SJHL championship, the Anavet Cup, in his rookie year, and was named SJHL Coach of the Year. He followed that up by taking the team to a second Anavet Cup, and into the final of the national championship, the RBC Cup.
Zawatsky began as an assistant coach in 2002-03 season. He maned the bench for three years as an understudy to Don Chesney. Zawatsky is a former Terrier himself and still holds the team’s single season scoring record.
He earned a NCAA Division 1 scholarship while playing junior hockey, and from Colorado College went to the American Hockey League, ECHL, and 9 seasons in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18767616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767616" title="Shōnai (disambiguation)">
Shōnai (disambiguation)

Shōnai may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18767618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767618" title="Wang Shaotang">
Wang Shaotang

Wáng Shàotáng (王少堂; 1889–1968) is the stage name of the Chinese artist of Yangzhou storytelling, whose birth name is Wáng Dézhuāng (王德庄). As a master of Yangzhou storytelling, his most famous works are The 10 chapters of Wu Song (武十回), The 10 chapters of Song Jiang (宋十回), The 10 chapters of Lu Junyi (卢十回), and The 10 chapters of Shi Xiu (石十回).
Wang Shaotang began to study Yanzhou storytelling when he was only 7 years old. At the age of 12, he made his debut with The 10 chapters of Wu Song in Yangzhou. Since then, his career got under way.

</doc>
<doc id="18767622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767622" title="In Black and White (disambiguation)">
In Black and White (disambiguation)

In Black and White may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18767630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767630" title="Wayne Harrison (director)">
Wayne Harrison (director)

Wayne David Harrison AM (born in East Melbourne in 1953) is an Australian director, writer, producer and performer.
Harrison was a child and teenage star performing on stage and television, including performing in J.C. Williamsons' musicals. He abandoned his career as a performer and moved to Sydney in 1975.
In 1977 Harrison enrolled at the University of New South Wales (UNSW) Theatre Studies Department, and completed an Honours Degree.
In 1980 Harrison began working on the magazine "Campaign"; opening "The Bookshop" in Darlinghurst; visiting London in 1980, meeting with Richard Wherrett, then Artistic Director of the recently formed Sydney Theatre Company (STC) in Sydney. He became the literary adviser for the Sydney Theatre company and then took over from Wherrett as Artistic Director of the STC in 1990.
From 1999 to 2001, he was the Creative Director of SFX/Back Row and Clear Channel Entertainment (Europe).
From 1990 to 1999 he was the Director/CEO of the Sydney Theatre Company.
In 2005-2007 Harrison was the Creative Director of Sydney's New Year's Eve event. 2007 he was the director of the Helpmann Awards for Live Performance Australia, as well as the Spiegelworld circus cabaret sensation "Absinthe" which played in New York.
In 2006 he was the director of the 2006 Commonwealth Games closing ceremony, held in Melbourne, as well as the director of the touring production of "2 Weeks with the Queen" for Adelaide's Windmill Theater Arts and "End of the Rainbow" in Sydney, Melbourne and the Edinburgh Festival.
Honours.
On 11 June 2012, Harrison was named an Member of the Order of Australia for "service to the arts as a director, writer, producer and performer, to Australian cultural life, and as a supporter of emerging talent."

</doc>
<doc id="18767662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767662" title="Akatsuka">
Akatsuka

Akatsuka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18767681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767681" title="Beatrice Ohanessian">
Beatrice Ohanessian

Beatrice Ohanessian (March 15, 1927 – July 17, 2008) was an Iraqi Armenian pianist, notable for being Iraq's first concert pianist and first female composer.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Ohanessian was born in Baghdad in 1927 to a well-to-do Armenian family. Her father, born in Persia, had settled in Baghdad after a time in India working with the British. Her mother and two uncles were orphaned survivors of the Armenian Genocide. Both parents encouraged her to study music. Ohanessian enrolled in the Institute of Fine Arts, graduating with special mention as a piano major. Upon graduating, she served as an assistant to her Romanian piano professor, Julien Hertz. An Iraqi governmental scholarship allowed her to further her studies at the Royal Academy of Music in London with professor Max Pirani. Four years later, she received her LRAM in piano performance and pedagogy, and a second major in singing. She went on to receive a Fulbright Scholarship to study at the Juilliard School in New York City, which culminated in a debut performance at Carnegie Hall. Her scholarship was then extended for another year, due to the 14 July Revolution in Iraq.
Return to Iraq.
While in the United States, Ohanessian visited her brother, Arsham, and his wife in Minnesota. There, she performed with the Minnesota Orchestra and was encouraged to stay in America. But Ohanessian felt a need to be in Iraq.
Ohanessian was then appointed head of the piano department at Baghdad's Institute of Fine Arts. During summer breaks, she would participate in Master Classes and musical seminars in various countries. In 1961, she became principal concert pianist for the Iraqi National Symphony Orchestra, a post she held for over thirty years. From 1969 to 1972, she taught simultaneously at the University of Minnesota and Macalester College. In 1980, during the Iraq-Iran War, she wrote the first Iraqi Western composition. Her work came to the attention of Iraqi officials, including president Saddam Hussein. When asked what reward she would like for her achievements, she requested a better piano. She was presented with a Steinway grand piano, which she left behind as she settled in the United States after the first Gulf War.
Later life and death.
In 1994, Ohanessian moved permanently to the United States, settling in Minneapolis-Saint Paul, joining her brother, Arsham, and sister, Sita. She again began teaching at the University of Minnesota, Macalester College, as well as the University of St. Thomas. She served as the organist for the Armenian Apostolic Church of St. Paul . Ohanessian died of cancer on July 17, 2008, in Bloomington, at the age of 81.

</doc>
<doc id="18767684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767684" title="Ginan">
Ginan

Ginan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18767687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767687" title="Kasamatsu">
Kasamatsu

Kasamatsu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18767691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767691" title="Abdullah Hussain">
Abdullah Hussain

Datuk Abdullah Hussain (born 25 March 1920) is a Malaysian novelist and writer. He received the Malaysian National Laureate in 1996 which makes him the 8th recipient of the award.
Early years.
Hussain was born on 25 March 1920 in Sungai Limau Dalam, Yan, Kedah. Between the years 1926 and 1931 he received his early education at the Sekolah Melayu Sungai Limau and continued his studies at Sekolah St. Michael Alor Setar from 1932 until 1933 and also at the Anglo Chinese School, Alor Setar until 1935.
Career.
Hussain started his career as an assistant cashier in the mining industry in Pahang in 1939. In the same year, he moved to Penang to start work for the newspaper "Sahabat". During this time, he released two writings titled "Binti Penghulu" and "Harta Dan Jodoh Menanti di England" which was featured in "Sahabat". During the years 1940 to 1941, Abdullah worked as an assistant writer for the newspaper "Saudara" and released two novels, "Kasih Isteri" and "Dia...Kekasihku".

</doc>
<doc id="18767695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767695" title="Gordon Brody">
Gordon Brody

Gordon Brody, M.D., is a hand specialist certified by the American Board of Orthopedic Surgery who works for the San Francisco Giants baseball team. He graduated from Duke University and he completed a hand fellowship at Ralph K. Davies Medical Center in San Francisco, California. He also serves as a consultant to the San Francisco 49ers and San Francisco Sharks.
Dr. Brody resides in Palo Alto, California and is the father of two daughters; Emily, 23, graduated from Bucknell University and Hanna, 21, is a senior at Scripps College.

</doc>
<doc id="18767748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767748" title="S71">
S71

S71 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18767756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767756" title="Kitajima">
Kitajima

Kitajima (written: 北島) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18767763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767763" title="Tony Cairoli">
Tony Cairoli

Antonio "Tony" Cairoli (born September 23, 1985) is an Italian seven-time Grand Prix motocross world champion.
On 5 August 2012, in Czech Republic, he won his 50th GP in World Championship.
Life and career.
Cairoli was born in Patti, Sicily. He began his motocross Grand Prix career in 2002 riding a Yamaha. He was the 2005 FIM world champion in the MX2-GP class. In 2007 he again won the MX2-GP world championship as well as the English supercross championship. Cairoli claimed the 2009 MX1-GP FIM Motocross World Championship, and after moving to Red Bull KTM Factory Racing, successfully defended his title in 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013.
He lives with his girlfriend Jill Cox between Rome, Italy and Lommel, Belgium, where he is training.

</doc>
<doc id="18767772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767772" title="Charles Pravaz">
Charles Pravaz

Charles Gabriel Pravaz (1791-1853) was a French orthopedic surgeon and inventor of the hypodermic syringe. 
While the concept dated to Galen, the modern syringe is thought to have originated in 15th-century Italy, although it took several centuries for the device to be developed. In 1657, experiments were conducted on syringe-like devices by Englishmen Christopher Wren and Robert Boyle, while French physician Dominique Anel created the modern pump syringe as a device to clean wounds using suction. 
In all these cases, it was impossible to perform injections without an incision until Irish physician Francis Rynd invented the hollow needle in 1844. Wanting to inject iron perchloride coagulant into an aneurysm, Pravaz adapted Rynd's needle, rather than using the usual suction tube. Measuring 3 cm (1.18 in) long and 5 mm (0.2 in) in diameter, the syringe was entirely in silver, made by "Établissements Charrière", and operated by a screw (rather than the plunger familiar today) to control the amount of substance injected.
Pravaz did little development of the invention, and it would be another French surgeon, L. J. Béhier, who would make Pravaz's invention known across Europe. It thus initiated the science of sclerotherapy and the treatment of varicose veins and other varices.

</doc>
<doc id="18767773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767773" title="Hydrogen tanker">
Hydrogen tanker

A hydrogen tanker is a tank ship designed for transporting liquefied hydrogen.
Research.
The World Energy Network research program of the Japanese New Sunshine Project was divided into 3 phases during the period 1993 to 2002, its goal was to study the distribution of liquid hydrogen with hydrogen tankers based on the LNG carrier technology of self-supporting tank designs such as the prismatic and spherical tank. Further research on maritime transport of hydrogen was done in the development for safe utilization and infrastructure of hydrogen project (2003–2007).
Similar to an LNG carrier the boil off gas can be used for propulsion of the ship.

</doc>
<doc id="18767790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767790" title="'Ana Po'uhila">
'Ana Po'uhila

'Ana Po'uhila is a Tongan athlete born October 18, 1979 in Longoteme, Tongatapu. 
Biography.
She represented the Kingdom of Tonga in the shot put event during the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She had the honour of being the flagbearer for her country at the opening ceremony. Originally a sprinter, she is now known for breaking the national Tongan shot put record in 2008 during her European Olympic preparation tour with a put of 18.03 metres in Albertville. 
As she threw over the Olympic qualifying distance of 17.20 metres ten times in recent months, she qualified for the 2008 Olympics on merit. However, she did not advance beyond the qualification round as her put of 16.42 metres placed her in only the 27th position. She had previously competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics for the event of shot put, but her throw of 15.33 metres did not allow her to qualify for the final round.
On July 2, 2009, she broke the Tongan national record in hammer throwing, with a throw of 53,53m.
She placed 14th in the shot put qualifier of the 2012 Summer Olympics with a put of 15.8 m.

</doc>
<doc id="18767792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767792" title="Von Görschen">
Von Görschen

The name von Görschen is an old German name of nobility originating from the 12th century. The family name derives from its original headquarters: the place "Goresin" (Görschen) or even from an older ""oppida goresin"" ("Görschenburg / Görschenfestung") near Lützen, which was already appointed by Bishop Thietmar of Merseburg in the year 998, whereas the name itself is Sorbian origin and translating as "damp".
Naming variations are "de Goresin", "de Gorsne", "de Gorssen" and "von Goerschen".
Coat of arms.
A golden key on a blue background with the top facing downwards; on the helmet a key is depicted between two to six black cock feathers. Several variations of the colours of the key and the shield are available in different sources.
Family chronicle.
The first recorded individual bearing the name was "Conradus de Gorsne" who was recorded as a “witness” on 22 June 1186. The first recorded ancestor of the living von Görschen descendents was "Petris de Görsene" (first mentioned on 12 June 1271) and the family distributed across Prussia in the course of the next few generations. Due to the marriage of Eva von Görschen, daughter of Lorenz von Görschen (1575–1630), Lord of Groß-Görschen, with Erasmus von Bothfeld, Lord of Burgwerben, the family von Görschen belong to the ancestors of some European royal and noble houses.
From Captain "Georg Christoph von Görschen" (1707–1748) there was the development of three main lines; a line in the area around Auligk/Groitzsch and Fürstenwalde still exists to this day, while a second line originating on the German-Dutch border near Aachen, and a third line in the Neuruppin area were also recorded. From the second line originated a number of family members in especially important administrative posts. After the middle of the 19th century some of them settled down in London and were successful business people there. As Protestants, many of the members of this line also were honorary knights or members of the Order of St. John, which is the German Protestant branch of the Knights Hospitaller. The third line held several generations of high-ranking officers who achieved honours for their military merits.
In today’s society the name has all but vanished; less than fifteen bearers of the name survive to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="18767822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767822" title="Michele McPhee">
Michele McPhee

Michele R. McPhee (born April 8, 1970) is an American author, talk radio host, and journalist from in Boston, Massachusetts. Up until November 1, 2012, McPhee co-hosted the morning drive-time show on WRKO radio in Boston with Todd Feinburg, "Feinburg and McPhee"; the show was abruptly canceled on October 31 and station management said they were looking for another role at the station for McPhee and Feinburg. McPhee also is a columnist and correspondent to the "Boston Herald", the New England reporter for ABC News, and a general assignment reporter with the television station WCVB.
McPhee began her journalism career with "The Boston Globe" in 1993. In 1996, she transferred to the "New York Daily News" and became the chief of the newspaper police bureau in 2002. In 2004, McPhee became a columnist with the "Boston Herald". McPhee began her radio career with an evening talk show on WTKK in 2007. In 2010, McPhee began hosting her own afternoon talk show on WRKO and started guest hosting "The Howie Carr Show" on WRKO.
Career.
McPhee grew up in Wakefield, MA and is of Italian American descent. She graduated from East Boston High School and the University of Massachusetts, Boston. 
In September 1993, McPhee became a contributing reporter to "The Boston Globe". By July 1995, McPhee became a correspondent with the "Globe". In December 1996, McPhee joined the "New York Daily News", writing her first article for the newspaper for the Christmas Eve edition, "No Bail For Alleged Gotti Heir". 
In 2002, McPhee was named the first female police bureau chief for the "New York Daily News". She won the 2002 New York Society of the Silurians' Feature News Award for an article titled “The Days After” about the September 11, 2001 attack. In response to a story she wrote about police suspicions of a local judge, McPhee received death threats through an anonymously written letter in January 2003. In her capacity as bureau chief, McPhee also appeared in other media for expertise on New York City police issues. In 2003, McPhee participated in a debate about the police shooting of Amadou Diallo alongside attorney Anthony H. Gair on the NPR program "The Tavis Smiley Show", guest hosted that day by Tony Cox. In 2004, McPhee appeared on the Fox News Channel program "The O'Reilly Factor" to discuss an issue with a local September 11 charity. 
McPhee returned to Boston in 2004 and became a weekly columnist and police bureau chief for the "Boston Herald" until late 2007. She continued writing a weekly column for the paper and also freelanced news stories.
From December 2007 to November 2010, McPhee hosted an evening talk show on WTKK. Her contract was not renewed, because of creative differences, and was immediately pulled from the air.
On January 13, 2011, McPhee joined WRKO as its 1 to 3 p.m. radio host of "The Michele McPhee Show". but returned to the station on June 11, 2012 to occupy a new four-hour midday slot on the station's schedule.
In August 2011, McPhee was hired as a general assignment reporter for WCVB Channel 5 in Boston. News producer Andrew Vrees, in a news release, described McPhee as “an aggressive and well-connected journalist ... whose track record speaks for itself."
McPhee was a story consultant for the Lifetime made-for-TV movie based on the Clark Rockefeller case that aired in March 2010.
Books.
She has written several best-selling true crime books, including "Mob Over Miami", "Heartless: The True Story of Neil Entwistle and the Brutal Murder of His Wife and Baby", "When Evil Rules", "A Date With Death: The True Story of the Craigslist Killer", and "A Mob Story".
In 2008, the newsmagazines "Dateline NBC" and "Primetime Live" interviewed McPhee for their stories about Neil Entwistle. 
"Mob Over Miami" was set to become a feature film titled “UnMade Man.” In January 2011, Lifetime aired a television movie based on "A Date With Death", starring William Baldwin.
She contributed to the anthology, "Masters of True Crime" (Prometheus Books 2012).

</doc>
<doc id="18767827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767827" title="S73">
S73

S73 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18767842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767842" title="Hakea sericea">
Hakea sericea

Hakea sericea, commonly known as Needlebush or Silky Hakea, is a large species of shrub native to Australia. It is native to New South Wales, Victoria and Tasmania but is found outside these states. It grows up to as a spreading and bushy shrub, flowering from winter to early spring.
"H. sericea" is an invasive weed in some areas outside Australia, specifically in South Africa, New Zealand and Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="18767854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767854" title="Uberella barrierensis">
Uberella barrierensis

Uberella barrierensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Naticidae, the moon snails. 

</doc>
<doc id="18767886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767886" title="In Black and White (Kipling stories)">
In Black and White (Kipling stories)

In Black and White is a collection of eight short stories by Rudyard Kipling which was first published in a booklet of 108 pages as no. 3 of A H Wheeler & Co.’s Indian Railway Library in 1888. It was subsequently published in a book along with nos 1 and 2, "Soldiers Three" (1888) and "The Story of the Gadsbys", as "Soldiers Three" (1899). The characters about whom the stories are concerned are native Indians, rather than the British for writing about whom Kipling may be better known; four of the stories are narrated by the Indians, and four by an observant wise English journalist (the "persona" that Kipling likes to adopt). The stories are:

</doc>
<doc id="18767894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767894" title="Sweet Water Canal">
Sweet Water Canal

The Sweet Water Canal, the same as Fresh Water Canal, is a modern canal of Egypt, running along the northern periphery of the now dry distributary of the Wadi Tumilat and extending from Port Said in the north all the way to Suez in the south. Construction was completed in 1863, designed to supply drinking water to nearby citizens.
During its construction, remnants of an ancient canal, the Canal of the Pharaohs were discovered which ran through the ancient Egyptian cities of Pi-Ramesses, Bubastis and Pithom. This ancient canal that was discovered has been hypothesized to have been a portion of an ancient "Suez" canal which extended from the Nile to the Red Sea and accounted for by three early classical writers -- Aristotle, Strabo and Pliny the Elder.
The terms "Sweet Water Canal, Fresh Water Canal" and "Ismaïlia Canal" have been used interchangeably by previous writers, causing a source of confusion.

</doc>
<doc id="18767896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767896" title="Uberella denticulifera">
Uberella denticulifera

Uberella denticulifera is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Naticidae, the moon snails. 

</doc>
<doc id="18767903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767903" title="Aira (disambiguation)">
Aira (disambiguation)

Aira may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18767912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767912" title="List of countries by current account balance as a percentage of GDP">
List of countries by current account balance as a percentage of GDP

This article includes a list of countries of the world sorted by current account balance as a percentage of gross domestic product (nominal GDP). 
Negative percentages mean that the country is in debt.
The first list includes 2012 data for members of the International Monetary Fund. The UN World Bank sites the IMF as the source for their data on Current Account Balance, and so is not included separately on this page. The second list includes only countries for which the CIA World Factbook lists 2012 estimates for both Current Account Balance and GDP.
List of countries by current account balance as a percentage of GDP.
The IMF data are estimates updated for the October 2013 report, derived from 2012 data. The World Factbook data is as of December 18, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18767914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767914" title="Akbar Birbal Remixed">
Akbar Birbal Remixed

Akbar Birbal Remixed is a series of Hindi webisodes/mobisodes launched by Rajshri on the Rajshri.com portal on July 1, 2008. Mobisodes of Akbar Birbal Remixed are available in SMS, MMS, video and audio formats. The show will thereafter be made available on the TV, home video and FM Radio.
Plot.
This show has been set in the by-lanes of Bhendi Bazaar in Mumbai. The show features the loud and brazen Mumbai Don, Akbar Anna and his intelligent, witty and ever-bankable right hand, Birbal Bhaiya. For this duo, each day brings with it a new nut to crack. Set in a desi Mumbai underworld milieu, Akbar and Birbal regale you with anecdotes of wit and wisdom that will leave you asking for more!.
Characters.
Akbar Anna.
Akbar Anna is a Social Worker and self-styled Mumbai Ka King. He has his head quarters located in Bhendi Bazar, Mumbai. He is a chauthi fail candidate whose only principle in life is help the needy and extort the rich. The only thing that he is dead scared in life is his only wife, Naaz.
Birbal Bhaiya.
Birbal Bhaiya is a Shooter, in otherwords the Troubleshooter in the life of Akbar anna. He has done his masters in M.A. In Akalmandi From Jaunpur University. He speaks in with a blend of Hindi and Bhojpuri, in addition to loads of desi English. He is witty, worldly-wise and smart.
Lodermal.
Lodermal is the one who handles the finance in Akbar Anna’s gang in other words the king of Hafta Vasooli. He is foolish, impatient and over ambitious.
Gaansen.
Gaansen is the only assistant of Akbar Anna who needs assistance himself. He has only one passion in life that is passion for music. But the only problem is that he is too besura to be a singer.
Naaz.
Naaz is the first lady of Bhendi Bazaar, the only one of whom Akbar Anna is afraid of. She is extremely loving, dominating and demanding.
References.
Hindi sms

</doc>
<doc id="18767928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767928" title="S74">
S74

S74 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18767937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767937" title="José Fernando Viana de Santana">
José Fernando Viana de Santana

José Fernando Viana de Santana, known as, Fernandão (born 27 March 1987), is a Brazilian footballer. He is a Striker who plays for Bursaspor, on loan from Atlético Paranaense, of the Brazilian Série A.
Career.
Fernandão started his career with America-RJ in 2006. In 2008 he was signed by Tombense, a proxy club for the investor. He was loaned to Flamengo in September.
Fernandão played for Volta Redonda in 2009 Campeonato Carioca. In 2010 he left for Macaé Esporte Futebol Clube.
In August 2010 he was signed by Paysandu Sport Club for 2010 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. In January 2011 he was signed by Democrata de Governador Valadares for 2011 Campeonato Mineiro. He signed a seven-month contract with Guarani on 19 May 2011, but soon departed to Palmeiras, on 26 August 2011. Fernandão's first appearance for Palmeiras came in the derby against Corinthians on 28 August 2011, where he came as a substitute at half time and scored 7 minutes later giving Palmeiras an important 2-1 victory.
In January 2014, Fernandão joined Turkish Süper Lig team Bursaspor for a fee of 400,000 Euros. He scored two goals on his debut match against Eskişehirspor which is won by Bursaspor 3-1 at Bursa Atatürk Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="18767942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767942" title="Peter J. Pitchess">
Peter J. Pitchess

Peter J. Pitchess (February 26, 1912 – April 4, 1999) was the 28th Sheriff of Los Angeles County, California. He was originally from Salt Lake City, Utah. 
Pitchess served on the Los Angeles County Civil Defense and Disaster Commission during the nuclear crisis in the early 1960s. The position was of importance as it was at the time of the peak of the cold war nuclear scare. 
Pitchess started his career as an FBI Special agent. In 1953, he was appointed Under-Sheriff.
Pitchess' name is well known as a party in a famous California legal case entitled "Pitchess v. Superior Court" 11 Cal.3d 531 (1974) which entitles a defendant to obtain records of public complaints about the use of excessive force by police officers. Pitchess' office had claimed that such records were proprietary, and had refused to provide them following a subpoena duces tecum. His petition was ultimately denied by the State Supreme Court in a 7-0 decision. See Pitchess motion.
Misc..
The Peter J. Pitchess Detention Center in Los Angeles County is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18767947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767947" title="Frédéric Bolley">
Frédéric Bolley

Frédéric Bolley (born February 17, 1974 in Marseille) is a French former two-time motocross world champion.
Bolley won the 1999 and 2000 F.I.M. 250cc motocross world championship riding for the Honda factory racing team. After his motocross career, Bolley competed in the supermoto world championships as well as indoor enduro competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="18767952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767952" title="South African Naval Museum">
South African Naval Museum

The South African Naval Museum at the South African Navy's base in Simon's Town is a project by the South African Naval Heritage Trust.
The SA Navy Museum is housed in and around the original Dockyard Magazine/Storehouse and is staffed by Naval Personnel and civilian volunteers. There is no admission fee.
A major exhibit of the museum's is the SAS "Assegaai", a "Daphné" class submarine. It is the first and thus far only former SA Navy submarine to have been converted into a museum ship. It is open to the public for guided tours by former submariners. The submarine is currently afloat in the Navy base, but there are plans to bring her ashore.

</doc>
<doc id="18767974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767974" title="VTP (disambiguation)">
VTP (disambiguation)

VTP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18767982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767982" title="Trinka Trinka">
Trinka Trinka

"Trinka Trinka" is Olivia's sixth mini-album. It was released on September 17, 2008. Unlike her last mini-album, there are no preceding singles.
Two versions of the album are planned to be released, a CD only version and a limited CD+DVD version. The CD+DVD version will include an accompanying music clip for "Rain" while the CD only version comes with an "Olivia Art & Photo Book" (while supplies last).
Aside from "Rain", the album will consist of all new material, however, it will include the much anticipated song "Real Love" which was showcased during her previous concert in Paris, France at La Locomotive, but renamed to "Your Smile". "Rain" was featured as the second ending theme song for "K-tai Investigator 7", a 2008 Japanese television drama directed by Takashi Miike.
Track listings.
CD Track listing
DVD Track listing

</doc>
<doc id="18767984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767984" title="Best of Hilary Duff">
Best of Hilary Duff

Best of Hilary Duff is the first greatest hits album by American recording artist Hilary Duff. It was released on November 11, 2008, by Hollywood Records. The 12-track album consists of eight of Duff's previous singles, as well as two new recordings: "Reach Out" and "Holiday", and two remixes to the songs. Only one single was released from the album, the Ryan Tedder-produced "Reach Out", which became her third single to chart at number one on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play.
Background.
Duff confirmed that she had collaborated with a rapper called Prophet on a previously unheard song on the Dignity tour's set list, "Reach Out" in September 2007. In an interview with remix producer Joe Bermudez in November 2007, she said that "Dignity" would be re-released in a CDVU+ edition featuring remixes of the original songs alongside two new tracks: "Reach Out" and "Holiday". Duff said she hoped to write a third new song for the re-release, and to have "Holiday" released as its first or second single; However, Hollywood Records scrapped the plans adding to their large list of cancelations, which in turn led Duff to make the decision to leave the label and develop "Best of Hilary Duff" to quickly end her contract, which had expected one more album.
Unlike Duff's first compilation album "Most Wanted" (2005), which was advertised as strictly a compilation, "Best of" was strictly advertised as a greatest hits, making it her first.
Critical reception.
"Best of Hilary Duff" received mostly mixed reviews. "Allmusic" gave the album a positive review stating that "The Best of Hilary Duff" "is a flipside of her 2005's "Most Wanted"", which was "pitched squarely at bright, happy tweens". They also went on to say the album "is not a look back at the past but a blueprint for the future". Allmusic gave the album a 3.5/5 star rating.
Commonsensemedia said that "parents need to know that Miss Duff has turned up the heat with sexually provocative lyrics that may be too hot to handle for younger fans. Hilary Duff isn't for tweens anymore. The hit single "Reach Out" features more aggressive sexual lyrics than on previous albums. While "Dignity" was OK for 11 year olds, the "Best Of" compilation pushes the target age higher. The funky remixes and danceable electronic beats are fun and catchy, but the sexed-up lyrics and themes aren't intended for younger fans."
Rachel Devitt of Rhapsody said the collection "is largely pleasant, nicely polished and, rather surprisingly, sleek and even a little edgy. Turns out Lizzie McGuire is a dancefloor diva, and even with that feathery little voice, she manages to work it on tracks like the dark "Stranger," saucy new tune "Reach Out" and a clubby remix of "Dignity."
On January 22, 2009, "The Times" (UK) criticized the "Best Of" release and Duff's music career.
Though released in late 2008, the album was able to rank #471 in the "Top Compilations of 2008" charts on "RateYourMusic" beating other contenders such as Lil Wayne's "Dedication 3: Gangsta Grillz", Toto's "Toto The Collection", Above & Beyond's "Anjunabeats Vol. 6", and HIM's "Uneasy Listening Vol. 1 & 2".
Commercial performance.
"Best of Hilary Duff" debuted at number 125 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart, selling 5,500 copies in its first week of release in the US making it her least successful album to date. Many believe this was due to a lack of promotion from her record label at the time Hollywood Records. This is her first album not to receive any RIAA certifications. As of September 2012, the album has sold over 35,000 copies in the United States alone.
Singles.
"Reach Out" was the only single from the album. The music video is directed by Philip Andelman and five official versions were released (though some have leaked first). The music video premiered on Duff's official MySpace on October 28, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18767987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18767987" title="Audioanalgesia">
Audioanalgesia

Audioanalgesia (also known as audio-analgesia) is the relief of pain using white noise or music without using pharmacological agents while doing painful medical procedures such as dental treatments. It was first introduced by Gardner and Licklider in 1959. There are many studies of its use in dental, obstetric, and palliative care contexts. The most recent review reports mixed results for effectiveness. This questionable pain management strategy might prove useful in distraction and sensory confusion, but only when combined with actual pain relief medications. There is no research to suggest these dubious results will ever be effective other than as a means of self-distraction. This measure is similar to breathing exercises during cramps before administration of epidurals.
It has also been suggested that music may stimulate the production of endorphins and catecholamines. 

</doc>
<doc id="18768001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768001" title="Otto Friedrich Ferdinand von Görschen">
Otto Friedrich Ferdinand von Görschen

Otto Friedrich Ferdinand von Görschen (April 12, 1824 in Neuruppin – June 8, 1875 in Eberswalde) was a Royal Prussian lieutenant colonel and highly decorated war hero of the 19th century.
Military career and merits.
Much like his father lieutenant colonel August Friedrich von Görschen (1794−1866), Otto Friedrich Ferdinand von Görschen firstly took up a career as a commissioned officer in the 24th regiment in the German infantry from the 6th Division, and was promoted there in 1864 to the position of Captain and Chief of the 6th Company. On January 16, 1866 he was promoted to become a Major, and at the same time he was posted to the 8th Brandenburg infantry Regiment of Prince Friedrich Karl of Prussia (1828-1885) from the same Division.
Otto von Görschen was instrumental in the Second Schleswig War in 1864 Battle of Dybbøl during the transition to Alsen Battle of Als and the assault to the "Düppeler Schanzen" (rempal of Dybbøl).
For his previous merits, inter alia, he was decorated as follows:
According to rankings of 1868, Otto von Görschen and Alfred von Lewinski (1831-1906) were the only officers in the Prussian Army with the above three swords. As commander of the Second Battalion of the Brandenburg Infantry Regiment, he later was a recipient of the Iron Cross first class. 
After two injuries in 1864 and 1870, and incipient disease from 1872, he was exempted from military service. He was married to Emma Clara Helene Riedel (1845−1924), daughter of the archivist, historian and politician Adolph Friedrich Johann Riedel (1809-1872). From this marriage three children were born. After his early death, Emma Riedel von Görschen married again to Eduard Tempeltey (1832−1919).

</doc>
<doc id="18768009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768009" title="Abdullah Hussein">
Abdullah Hussein

Abdullah Hussein may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18768054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768054" title="S78">
S78

S78 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18768060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768060" title="Joseph Carrière">
Joseph Carrière

Joseph Carrière, S.S. (19 February 1795, Lapanouse-de-Cernon - 23 April 1864, Lyon) was a French Sulpician moral theologian, and from 1850 the 13th Superior General of the Society of Saint-Sulpice. Carrière was the first writer of note to treat theology in its relations to the Napoleonic Code.
Life.
Carrière entered the seminary of Saint-Sulpice in 1812, and five years later, at the age of twenty-two, became a member of the society and was ordained a priest. The following year, he was appointed to teach the postgraduate course of moral theology at this seminary.
In 1829 Carrière came to America in the capacity of official Visitor to the Sulpician houses, and was invited to take part in the First Provincial Council of Baltimore.
Conservative in temperament and by education, Carrière was one of the first to combat the ideas of the Abbé de Lamennais.
Works.
Carrière's published writings are: 
He was inclined to the opinion, generally held in France in his day, that the State had the power to create diriment impediments to marriage among Catholics; but he abandoned it as soon as it was disapproved at Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="18768064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768064" title="Robert Oskar Julius von Görschen">
Robert Oskar Julius von Görschen

Robert Oskar Julius von Görschen (born 22 November 1829 in Aachen; died 10 January 1914 in Aachen) was one of the Aachen region’s most successful business lawyers, and an initiator of many social and cultural institutions.
In the service of "Aachen and Munich insurance company".
After his law studies, von Görschen planned to pursue a career as a judge. He was already an assistant lawyer in the regional court when he decided, in 1861 to enter in the Aachen and Munich Fire Insurance Company, a predecessor organization of today's Aachen Münchener Versicherungs-AG (a subsidiary company of the AMB Generali). First, he took over for two years as head of the Subdirektion Berlin before he finally (in 1863) was appointed as a legal officer in the Aachen headquarters. He held this post for seventeen years and was already a consultative member of the Board of directors. On 9 April 1881, he was appointed as a full member and from 1887 until his death he served as Chairman of the Board of Directors. He was the representative of the insurance company both internally and externally, and under his leadership, the company developed a towering reputation.
During this time, Robert von Görschen (thanks to his extraordinary gift of giving speeches, and numerous contacts) was instrumental in instigating a spate of tremendous achievements in the German and international businesses, this insurance company acquired. He was playing a key role in building until 1900, with over 56 new foreign representatives of his company, but also in the planning and implementation of projects for funding of social and cultural institutions in the region. In these early years of the industrial age, he worked vigorously for the social component of support from the Insurance Company. He ensured that each half of the annual profit should be reserved for social and cultural purposes, as the founder of the company, David Hansemann (1790-1864), had decreed in 1824.
Due to Robert von Görschen's co-operation with General Director Friedrich Adolph Brüggemann, it was also possible that the "Friedrich-Wilhelm Foundation" of the University of Aachen (today RWTH Aachen), could be founded (in 1866) and that a secure financial footing was guaranteed. The Friedrich-Wilhelm Foundation continues until the present day, awarding scholarships and prizes for research. In 1870, the university also received a guarantee fund in the amount of 1.3 million Mark (Prussian vereinsthaler) and a construction fund of a further one million Mark annually, and 10,000 Mark as earmarked grants. This enabled von Görschen and Friedrich Adolph Brüggemann (on 10 October 1870) to found the organization ""Association for the advancement of capacity of work"", a kind of labour office of that time. In addition, both also supported the fire insurance companies in many towns and cities throughout the Rhineland in 1870, in the acquisition of one free fire syringe engine for each (of the company "Josef Beduwe, Feuerspritzen, Gelb- und Glockengießerei" (fire engine, brass and bell foundry) from Aachen, which resulted in a sell of this equipment for over 5000 Marks. Robert von Gorschen and the subsequent directors of the insurance company, Richard Trostorff and Adolf Brüggemann, were significantly responsible for ensuring that the "Aachen Einhard-Gymnasium" (on 1 May 1886) and the Aachen David Hansemann Monument, together with the area surrounding the monument (on 29 August 1888) and the "Aachen Bismarck Tower" (on 22 August) could all be inaugurated.
The services of the "Eschweiler Coal Mining Company (EBV").
Robert von Görschen, at the recommendation of his father (privy councillor Karl Heinrich von Görschen, (1784-1860)), became the chairman of the supervisory board of "Eschweiler coal mining company" (EBV), and he also became a member of the Executive Council of the EBV. On 26 October 1897 he was chosen to be a member of the Supervisory Board, and from 1907 to 1909 he became deputy chairman, and until his death in 1914 he filled the position of chairman of this body. At that time the various mines around Aachen and in neighbouring countries were individual companies and no longer competitive in the growing market. Due to Robert von Görschen, in 1907 a merger between the Associations for Mineral Coal Company (Vereinigungsgesellschaft für Steinkohlenbau im Wurmrevier), further individual mines and the Eschweiler Coal Mining Company (EBV) the EBV became one of the biggest mine companies of Western Germany.
He was also honoured in 1903 by the City Würselen, by having the main shaft of the mine Gouley and according to Council Decision of 21 November 1953 an adjacent street named after him.
Further activities and honours.
Robert von Görschen was, between 1884 to 1909 Municipal city councillor of Aachen. In addition, from 31 January 1864 he joined the Aachener Casino association and was (initially in 1886 and most recently from 1902 to 1909) its president. For his achievements, he was decorated as follows:
Family.
Robert Oskar Julius von Görschen was born to the old German noble family Von Görschen. He originated from the estate Gut Klau in Aachen, and was married to Elise Helene Friederike Brüggemann (1833-1917) and had with her four sons and two daughters. His son Robert Walter Richard Ernst von Görschen became Vice-President in Aachen and another son, Bruno Hans Otto Friedrich von Görschen (1865-1939) became a Judicial and Legal councillor of justice, in 1914 a legal advisor in the “"Aachen and Munich Insurance Company"”, and in 1924 chairman of the Supervisory Board of Aachen Reinsurance Company.

</doc>
<doc id="18768065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768065" title="Dampfbahn Fränkische Schweiz">
Dampfbahn Fränkische Schweiz

The Dampfbahn Fränkische Schweiz e. V. ("Franconian Switzerland Steam Railway Co. Ltd.") or DFS is a German museum railway based in Ebermannstadt in Franconian Switzerland, part of northern Bavaria, Germany.
Aims.
The society's aims are the:
Operations.
Since 1980 the society has also had a concession to run a railway and is an authorised railway service and railway infrastructure operator. The Franconian Switzerland Steam Railway is the oldest museum railway in Franconia, the northern region of Bavaria.
Between 1 May and 31 October the museum railway runs scheduled trains on Sundays. For the operation of the museum the DFS has a fleet comprising three steam locomotives, an accumulator railcar, four diesel locomotives and a diesel railbus as well as a number of historic passenger coaches.

</doc>
<doc id="18768073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768073" title="Juan Bustos">
Juan Bustos

Juan Bustos (December 8, 1935, Santiago – August 7, 2008) was a Chilean politician, law professor and lawyer. He served as the President of the Chamber of Deputies of Chile from March 13, 2008 until his death on August 7, 2008. He was known as an ardent opponent of the Augusto Pinochet dictatorship and the human rights abuses committed by the regime. 
Bustos lived in exile for 14 years while Chile was ruled by the Pinochet military junta from 1973 until 1990. After his return he played a major role in uncovering cases of human rights abuses. Bustons, a top Chilean law professor and human rights lawyer, represented many of the families of people killed by the Pinochet government. During the Pinochet regime, nearly 3,000 people disappeared, while tens of thousands were arrested and tortured. Bustos represented the family of former Chilean Foreign Minister Orlando Letelier, an opponent of Pinochet who was killed by a car bomb in Washington D.C. in 1976. Letelier's assassination was linked to Pinochet military intelligence officials. 
Bustos was first elected as a legislator in 1998 as a member of the Socialist Party of Chile. He served as President of the Chamber of Deputies of Chile on March 13, 2008, a position he held until his death in August 2008. He died before gaining congressional approval for the creation of a new institute to be tasked with investigating the disappearance of thousands of opponents of the Pinochet regime. 
Bustos died of liver cancer in Santiago, Chile, on August 7, 2008, at the age of 72. He was survived by his wife and seven children. 
Upon learning of Bustos's death, President Michelle Bachelet declared three days of national mourning.

</doc>
<doc id="18768079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768079" title="Fast Company (1938 film)">
Fast Company (1938 film)

Fast Company is a 1938 mystery film starring Melvyn Douglas and Florence Rice as married rare-book dealers who try to solve a murder case. It is based on the novel of the same name by "Marco Page" (Harry Kurnitz). It was followed by two 1939 films featuring the fictional couple, "Fast and Loose" and "Fast and Furious", though they were played by different actors in each.

</doc>
<doc id="18768087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768087" title="Liberian Queah">
Liberian Queah

Liberian Queah is a two-player abstract strategy game from Liberia. It is specifically from the Queah tribe. The game is played on a slanted or diagonal square board with only 13 spaces. Pieces move "orthogonally" along these slanted or diagonal square boards. Another unique feature is that each player must have four (and only four) pieces on the board. Each player's captured piece is resupplied at the beginning of their next turn with a piece from their reserve (unless of course the player has no more pieces to resupply with).
The game is somewhat related to draughts, Alquerque, Yote, and Choko. Pieces are captured by the short leap. It is specifically related to Yote and Choko in that pieces are dropped on the board. However, there is no removal of an additional enemy piece when a player captures an enemy piece. Liberian Queah could be considered a "game isolate". It cannot truly be classified with any other game.
The game is also known as Queah. It is uncertain if an official name from the Queah tribe or Liberia exist.
Goal.
A player wins when they capture all of their opponent's pieces.
Equipment.
A 13 space slanted or diagonal square board is used. Each player has 10 pieces each. One plays the black pieces, and the other plays the white pieces.
Game Play and Rules.
1. Players decide what colors to play, and who starts first. 
2. Players initially place four of their pieces on the four squares nearest them and to their right. Each player's remaining six pieces are set aside next to the board.
3. Players alternate their turns. Only one piece may be moved or used to capture an enemy piece per turn.
4. A piece moves one space per turn orthogonally along the slanted or diagonal square board onto a vacant space. 
5. A player's piece can capture an enemy piece by the short leap. The player's piece must be adjacent to the enemy piece, and land on a vacant space on the other side. The capture must be done in an orthogonal direction following the slanted or diagonal design of the board. Only one enemy piece can be captured per turn. A captured piece is removed from the board. 
6. If a player's piece has been captured, then the player at the beginning of his or her next turn must take one piece from their reserve, and drop it on any vacant space. A player's number of pieces on the board must always be restored to four, unless of course the player has exhausted their reserve. Please note though, that a player can only drop a piece from their reserve, if one of their pieces was captured on the opponent's last turn. 

</doc>
<doc id="18768089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768089" title="Asyut Petroleum">
Asyut Petroleum

Asyut Petroleum or Petrol Asyout is an Egyptian club from the city of Asyut, currently competing in the Egyptian Second Division.
In 2008-2009 season, they reached the Egypt Cup semi-final, only to get knocked out on the 27th of January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18768096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768096" title="TPA-023">
TPA-023

TPA-023 is an anxiolytic drug with a novel chemical structure, which is used in scientific research. It has similar effects to benzodiazepine drugs, but is structurally distinct and so is classed as a nonbenzodiazepine anxiolytic. It is a subtype-selective, mixed agonist-antagonist at GABAA receptors, which acts as a partial agonist at the α2 and α3 subtypes, but as a silent antagonist at α1 and α5 subtypes. It has primarily anxiolytic and anticonvulsant effects in animal tests, but with no sedative effects even at 50× the effective anxiolytic dose. 
In human trials on healthy volunteers, TPA-023 was comparable to lorazepam, but had much less side effects on cognition, memory, alertness or coordination. In Phase II trials, the compound was significantly superior to placebo without inducing sedation. The clinical development was halted due to preclinical toxicity (cataract) in long term dosing studies. TPA-023 is well absorbed following oral administration and extensively metabolised by the liver, with a half-life of 6.7 hours. The main enzyme involved in its metabolism is CYP3A4, with some contribution by CYP3A5.

</doc>
<doc id="18768114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768114" title="Harischandra Wijayatunga">
Harischandra Wijayatunga

Wijayatunga Mudalige Harischandra Wijayatunga (; born October 25, 1931) is a Sri Lankan author, translator, lexicographer, teacher, lawyer and politician. He held various offices in different institutions of the Government of Sri Lanka. At present he is the leader of Sinhalaye Mahasammatha Bhoomiputra Party. During the presidential elections of 1994 and 1999, he was the candidate of that party for this high office. 
He is the compiler of the Gunasena Great Sinhala Dictionary, which is considered as the most comprehensive Sinhala-Sinhala dictionary to date. Besides compiling this voluminous work of over 2000 pages, he also proposed scientific ideas to standardise the Sinhala alphabet.
His political philosophy "Mahasammatavada" ('Great Consensus' or comprehensive consultation) envisages consulting all people which he described "as going beyond democracy". He has also appeared for the rights of Sinhala Buddhists on various fora.
Early life.
Harischandra Wijayatunga was born in 1931 at Medemulla in Minuwangoda, Sri Lanka. His father, Wijayatunga Mudalige Don Bastian Wijayatunga, was an Ayurvedic eye physician, landed proprietor and a planter (coconut and paddy) and his mother was Amarawathie Jayasinghe. Wijayatunga was the fourth in a family of eight siblings.
Wijayatunga received his elementary education at the Government Bilingual School in Minuwangoda. When the Nalanda College Colombo was relocated to Minuwangoda during the World War II, as a security measure, his parents took the opportunity to shift him to that school. After the War Nalanda College Colombo was taken back to Colombo, and Wijayatnga continued his studies at Nalanda College Colombo. In 1952 he entered the University of Ceylon and in 1955 graduated with a bachelor's degree in science. 
For his thesis "Legal Philosophy in Medieval Sinhale" he was awarded the Ph.D. degree by the University of Kelaniya in 1990.
Career.
Immediately after his University education, Wijayatunga joined the staff of Dharmaraja College, Kandy as a science teacher. In addition, he also taught Chemistry at the Mahamaya Girls' College, Kandy. It was during this time that he wrote his first book "Miridiya Jivihu" (Freshwater Life). In 1956 he was appointed as the Editor of the Science Section of the Sinhala Encyclopaedia, established at the University of Peradeniya. After some years of service there, he assumed the post of vice-Principal of his former work place, Dharmaraja College.
In 1965 he was appointed to the Sri Lanka Standards Institution (SLSI) which started work in the same year. He was the first and the only member appointed to the staff, functioning as its Secretary. Under his supervision Divisional Committees on Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Civil Engineering, Agriculture and Chemicals, and Metrication of Sri Lanka were appointed. 
The next step he took was to join the Sri Lanka Law College as a student. He took his oaths as an Attorney-at-Law in 1973.
He appeared for the accused in the 1971 insurrection before the Criminal Justice Commission. It is also noteworthy that he represented several parties at the Presidential Commission headed by the former Chief Justice Mr. M. C. Sansoni.
Throughout the 1980s he held various offices such as Chief Editor of the tabloid "Sinhala Bauddhya" (The Sinhala Buddhist), Director, Sri Lanka Ayurvedic Drugs Corporation and member of the Directorate of the Siddhayurveda College, Gampaha. During the years 1984-1990, he was the Editor-in-Chief of the Sinhalese Encyclopaedia as well as the Officer-in-Charge, Sinhala version of the Legislative Enactments of Sri Lanka.
Political career.
Wijayatunga’s political career goes back to his university days. He joined in the popular movement in 1950s to make Sinhala the Official Language of Sri Lanka, calling into life the “Sinhala Union of the University of Ceylon”. During his stay in Kandy he associated himself with the work of Sri Lanka Freedom Party. Realising that none of the two major parties in Sri Lanka would espouse the rights of Sinhala Buddhists, which was uppermost in his mind, he established the Sinhalaye Mahasammatha Bhoomiputra Pakshaya in 1990 with a group of intellectuals. He became the leader of this party and holds this position to this date. 
In the third Sri Lankan presidential election, 1994, he was the candidate of his Party and polled 32,651 votes. Six years later, he contested again in the presidential elections of 1999, polling 35,854 votes. He also contested in the parliamentary elections of 2000, 2001 and 2004.
Personal life.
Wijayatunga was married to Kalukapuge Karuna Perera (B.A., Dip. Ed., Attorney-at-Law, Notary Public and Commissioner of Oaths) of Kiribathgoda, who died in 2000. Karuna's father, a Kalukapuge Bandaranaike, adopted the surname Perera during British colonial time. One of the descendent of the male lineage of the Kalukapuge Bandaranaike family is the fourth Prime Minister of Ceylon, S.W.R.D. Bandaranaike. Karuna's both parents were school principals.
Wijayatunga and Karuna are the parents of three sons (Widyasagara, b. 1965, Chakrapani, b. 1967 and Chandrakeerthi, b. 1970) and a daughter (Shyama Kumari, b. 1969). He has travelled widely in many Asian, African and European countries, and was invited to address various groups of learned societies in India, Japan, UK and Australia.
Works by Harischandra Wijayatunga.
Science works
Translations
Creative works
Dictionaries
Works on Religion and History
Works on Politics
Works on Law
Works on travel

</doc>
<doc id="18768115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768115" title="Putra Specialist Hospital">
Putra Specialist Hospital

Putra Specialist Hospital is a private hospital in Batu Pahat, Malaysia . Putra Specialist Hospital (Batu Pahat) Sdn. Bhd (Formerly known as The Southern Hospital Batu Pahat Sdn. Bhd), established in 1998 as Batu Pahat Specialist and managed by Rupadah Sdn Bhd. The Southern Hospital Sdn Bhd took over on 8 February 1994 and named it The Southern Hospital (Batu Pahat) Sdn Bhd with equity 100% owned by Melaka State Government. Its opening was officiated by YB Dato Chui Jui Meng then the Minister of Health in 6 November 1995. Named changed to Putra Specialist Hospital (Batu Pahat) Sdn Bhd effective 1 June 2006. The Hospital is licensed for 88 beds and has 14 resident consultants and 4 visiting consultants from various fields. 

</doc>
<doc id="18768119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768119" title="Robert Walter Richard Ernst von Görschen">
Robert Walter Richard Ernst von Görschen

Robert Walter Richard Ernst von Görschen (born March 27, 1864 in Aachen, died January 4, 1936 in Aachen) was a member of the Prussian Upper Governing Council and government Vice-President.
Career.
After his graduation in autumn 1884 in Kleve, Robert von Görschen studied law and Political Sciences in Munich, Marburg, Heidelberg and Berlin. Here he passed his first examination in law on 13 May 1888. From 9 June 1888, Robert von Görschen served as a trainee barrister in the District Court of Eschweiler, and was sworn in on 22 June 1888. He completed his internship in Eschweiler at the Country Court in Aachen.
On 9 September 1890, he began his career as a junior barrister with the Government of Aachen. Three years after his second examination in law he was appointed as assessor of the government in Aachen, working later with the Government in Kassel, with the district office in Stormarn and probably still with the district office in Wandsbek, before (on 4 November 1895) going back to the government in Kassel. Finally, on 1 August 1902 he was promoted as a governmental councillor. A month later, he worked first as acting and, from 23 February 1903 as a definitive district administrator in Altenkirchen. On 10 October, 1912, he was finally appointed as a chief councillor of government of Cologne. At the last stop of his career, he was promoted, on 1 June 1919, to vice president of government of Aachen.
In 1923, he was, together with the President of Aachen, William Rombach (1884-1973), and the Police President Fritz von Korff (1891-1987) captured, due to passive resistance against the supreme authority at that time by Frenchmen and Belgians in the occupied Rhenish Republic. On 23 January 1923, they were released, but with the stipulation that they should not enter certain areas. The “Inter-Allied Rhineland Commission” initially deported them into the unoccupied area around Wuppertal-Elberfeld and were placed, several days later in Königswinter and Altenkirchen /Westerwald. After constantly travelling back and forth, Aachen President Rombach and his vice president von Görschen finally ended up, in February 1923 in the town hall of Wuppertal-Barmen a branch office of the Government of Aachen and both could now resume their governmental duties. After intensive discussions with the occupying authority, after the end of the struggle under the occupation of the Ruhr, the banishment was withdrawn a year later and von Görschen was, on 12 March1924 (together with Wolfgang Rombach) again returned to Aachen. Here, Robert von Görschen, now exhausted and frustrated, applied for retirement. This claim was initiated on 1 July 1924.
Additional activities.
In addition to his professional career as a high administrative officer, Robert von Görschen was also instrumental in a number of other areas in Aachen, mostly in management positions in various active associations and institutions. These were as follows: 
Family.
Robert von Görschen originated from the old German and Thuringia noble family Von Görschen of Protestant-style. He was the son of Robert Oskar Julius von Görschen (1829−1914) and Elise Brüggemann (1833−1917). Von Görschen was married to Emy Rosalie Marie Honigmann (1871−1944) and they had one son and one daughter. The son Hans-Wolf von Görschen (1894−1944) was an honorary senator of the University of Greifswald, banker and businessman in Cologne and Rotterdam and a resistance fighter in the “Kreisau Circle”, so he was arrested in December 1944 and in April 1945 was executed by the Gestapo.

</doc>
<doc id="18768131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768131" title="Acid Mothers Gong Live Tokyo">
Acid Mothers Gong Live Tokyo

Acid Mothers Gong Live Tokyo is a live album by Acid Mothers Gong, a band featuring members of Gong and Acid Mothers Temple (members of which had previously been in Gong itself), recorded during April 2004 at the Doors Club in Tokyo, but not released until 2006 by Voiceprint, catalogue number VP382CD. No producer was credited, but mixing was carried out by guitarist Kawabata Makoto and drummer Yoshida Tatsuya and editing was by Daevid Allen.

</doc>
<doc id="18768134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768134" title="Green Sea, South Carolina">
Green Sea, South Carolina

Green Sea is an unincorporated community in Horry County, South Carolina, United States, near the city of Loris.Green sea is located near South Carolina Highway 917.
Transportation.
Green Sea owns an airport whose FAA LID is S79.
External links.
Dollar General 
Sugar Bears
Horry County State Bank
Mt Olive Health Center
References.
Store and Businesses
Dollar General, Sugar Bears, Horry County State Bank, and Mt Olive Health Ceenter

</doc>
<doc id="18768137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768137" title="Green Sea Airport">
Green Sea Airport

Green Sea Airport is a privately owned, public-use airport in Horry County, South Carolina, United States. It is located four nautical miles (7 km) northwest of the central business district of Green Sea, South Carolina.
Facilities and aircraft.
Green Sea Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 95 feet (29 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 9/27 with a turf surface measuring 3,600 by 100 feet (1,097 x 30 m). For the 12-month period ending October 30, 2008, the airport had 250 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 20 per month.

</doc>
<doc id="18768158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768158" title="S79">
S79

S79 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18768188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768188" title="Ittihad El-Shorta">
Ittihad El-Shorta

Ittihad El-Shorta (' tr. "Ittiḥad ash-Shurṭa"), or Police Union, commonly known simply as El-Shorta (The Police) is an Egyptian association football club, based in Cairo. Established in 2005 as the works team of the Egyptian National Police, it plays in the Egyptian Premier League.
During the 1975–76 season a team named El-Shorta played in Egyptian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="18768212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768212" title="Tunbridge Wells Half Marathon">
Tunbridge Wells Half Marathon

The Tunbridge Wells Half Marathon is a half marathon road running event that takes place in Tunbridge Wells every February. It is organised by the Tunbridge Wells Harriers running club. 
The first Tunbridge Wells Half Marathon was staged in 1983, with just 53 runners. The race came in at number 38 in Runner's World's top 50 races of 2007, and was given a rating of 83 out of 100 by members of the magazine's forum. The magazine said that "The historical villages and the undulating course make for a great race". In 2008 the race attracted over 1,500 entrants.
The race is run on a single circuit through Tunbridge Wells and some of the nearby villages. It starts at the Tunbridge Wells Sports Centre on St John's Road, and follows the A26 through Southborough, the B2176 along Bidborough Ridge, the B2188 through Penshurst and Fordcombe and the A264 through Langton Green before rejoining the A26 to return to the finish line at the Sports Centre.
Elite race winners.
Key:

</doc>
<doc id="18768213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768213" title="Best of Animetal">
Best of Animetal


</doc>
<doc id="18768229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768229" title="Jan Van Cleef">
Jan Van Cleef

Jan van Cleef (or Jan van Cleve) (6 January 1646 – 18 December 1716) was a Dutch-born Flemish painter.
Works.
Van Cleef was born in Venlo in the duchy of Guelders. He was a pupil of Luigi Primo (Gentile) and Gaspard de Craeyer. When Craeyer died, Cleef was commissioned to complete his master's work in the churches and to finish the cartoons for the tapestry ordered by Louis XIV. 
He was a prolific painter of religious works, for churches and convents in Flanders and Brabant are rich in his paintings. His style was more Italian than Flemish. One masterpiece is "Nuns Giving Aid during the Plague", in the convent of the Black Nuns, at Ghent, the city where he died, aged 70.

</doc>
<doc id="18768233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768233" title="Gergely Kocsárdi">
Gergely Kocsárdi

Gergely Kocsárdi (born 11 November 1975 in Zalaegerszeg) is a Hungarian football player.
In the season 2007/08, he left Zalaegerszegi TE and join the Slovenian club Nafta Lendava. However in the second part of the season he decided to return to Zalaegerszegi TE.
Since his return, he played his first match on the 29 February 2008 against Újpest FC which they won quite comfortably on the scoreline of 4-1; in front 6000 home fans.
From the second part of the season till the end of the season 2007/08, he had featured in 10 matches and he managed to play in 7 matches for a full 90 minutes.
Despite winning the Hungarian Championship in the season 2001/02, and being a member of the Zalaegerszegi TE team which shock world football when they beat Manchester United in the first leg of the 2002-2003 UEFA Champion's League 3rd preliminary round; he has never managed in this career to win even a single cap for this country.
He was member of the Hungarian under-19 team.

</doc>
<doc id="18768247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768247" title="Doctor in Trouble">
Doctor in Trouble

Doctor in Trouble is a 1970 British comedy film, the seventh and last film in the "Doctor" series. It was directed by Ralph Thomas and stars Leslie Phillips as a doctor who gets accidentally trapped on an outgoing cruise ship while it begins a round the world trip. The cast was rounded out by a number of British comedy actors including James Robertson Justice, Harry Secombe and Angela Scoular. It was based on the story "Doctor on Toast" by Richard Gordon.
Plot.
Renowned surgeon Sir Lancelot Sprat (James Robertson Justice) arranges a cruise for his patient, the famous television star Basil Beauchamp (Simon Dee). The captain of the ship is Lancelot Spratt's brother (Robert Morley). 
Doctor Burke (Leslie Phillips) becomes a stowaway by mistake when chasing his girlfriend (Angela Scoular) onto the ship to propose to her. She is one of a group of models doing a fashion shoot with camp photographer (Graham Chapman). Other passengers aboard ship include pools winner Llewellyn Wendover (Harry Secombe) and Mrs. Dailey (Irene Handl), a socially ambitious lady hoping to find a wealthy match for her daughter Dawn. (Janet Mahoney)
Burke is pursued by the Master-at-Arms (Freddie Jones) who correctly suspects that he does not have a ticket. Burke tries various ruses to try to escape him, including dressing up as a doctor. Eventually he is caught and exposed as a stowaway. Captain Spratt orders him to serve as an orderly, scrubbing the ship.
When the ship's doctor falls ill, from a tropical disease, Burke takes over his duties. He is called into action when a Soviet cargo ship sends a request for help, as there is a patient with a severe case of appendicitis. Burke is transferred to that ship to perform the operation. By the time he has finished his own ship has departed, and he is forced to stay on board the Soviet vessel until it reaches Grimsby. By the time he goes to meet the cruise ship, as it returns home, he finds his girlfriend has got married to the ship's doctor, now recovered from his illness.
Meanwhile Dawn Dailey, having failed to snare Captain Spratt, decides to marry Wendover - only to find, once they have tied the knot, that he is not quite so wealthy as she had imagined.
Reception.
The film receives two stars out of five in the "Radio Times Guide to Films", which describes it as "innocently smutty" and feeling as been made up of "leftovers from "Doctor at Sea"".

</doc>
<doc id="18768286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768286" title="Greg Smith (American musician)">
Greg Smith (American musician)

Greg Smith (May 21, 1963, Valley Stream, New York) is a bassist and vocalist.
He grew up in Valley Stream, New York (Long Island, Nassau County) and attended Valley Stream Central High School.
He has collaborated with Billy Joel,Wendy O. Williams, Alice Cooper, Rainbow, Blue Öyster Cult, Dokken, Vinnie Moore, Joe Lynn Turner, Ted Nugent, Tommy James & the Shondells, Alan Parsons, The Turtles, Felix Cavaliere, Chuck Negron, Joey Molland. Denny Laine and Mitch Ryder.
Smith appears in the film "Wayne's World" as a member of Alice Cooper's band, performing "Feed My Frankenstein". He was the original bassist for the Tony Award winning Billy Joel and Twyla Tharp musical "Movin' Out" on Broadway from June 2002 to December 2005, and on the road from February 2006 to January 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18768287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768287" title="Crooks Anonymous">
Crooks Anonymous

Crooks Anonymous is a British comedy film from 1962. Directed by Ken Annakin, it starred Leslie Phillips and Stanley Baxter and was notable for one of the earliest appearances of Julie Christie.
Plot.
Captain "Dandy Forsdyke" (Leslie Phillips) is a habitual criminal who can't resist a tempting robbery. His gifts are for pickpocketing and safecracking. However, he is engaged to Babette, a stripper (Julie Christie) who wants him to go straight before they marry.
In love with Babette, he desperately wants to quit, but is always lured back into another crime by his associates. Babette comes across a society known as Crooks Anonymous who help hardened thieves go straight. Founded by Mr Montague (Wilfrid Hyde-White), and funded by a generous legacy, they have an excellent track record. Babette agrees to help them cure Forsdyke. 
Forsdyke is picked up during a robbery by a Crooks Anonymous man Brother Widdowes (Stanley Baxter) disguised as a policemen, and taken to the Crooks Anonymous headquarters. Confronted by Montague, Forsdyke admits that he wants to give up crime and marry Babette. They begin to interrogate him, and discover that he is a habitual liar, whose real name is Cox, who has never seen military service, despite his claim to be a decorated veteran. 
Widdowes and Montague embark Forsdyke on a dose of punishment and rehabilitation. They begin by locking him in a room filled with safes, which contain cigarettes, food, drink and a number of booby traps which make opening them a hazardous business. After a week of this torture, Forsdyke is beginning to crack. Nonetheless he fails a test to see how much progress he has made, reverting to his old ways as soon as he is outside.
After a month of training, Forsdyke finally passes the test and is released into society. He moves into a house with Babette, gets a job working as Father Christmas in a department store and refuses an offer by one of his old pals to go back into criminality. 
However, after consuming large amounts of alcohol at a Christmas party he passes out and finds himself alone in the department store, with £250,000 of takings near him in the safe. Forsdyke breaks in intending to steal the money, and then panicking at his relapse, calls Crooks Anonymous for help. They send their two top men, including Brother Widdowes, who also cave at the sight of the money. They in turn call for the Chairman who arrives with his Secretary. 
Confronted with this unique opportunity, the five of them decide to steal the money and split it among themselves. They make good their escape, past the drunken night watchmen and head through the streets. They go to Forsdyke's house, only to be confronted by an outraged Babette, who demands they put the money back. Grudgingly they agree, as she threatens to call Scotland Yard and inform them of the burglary. 
They successfully manage to return the money, unfortunately triggering an alarm which brings the night watchmen out. Just making good their escape, they breathe a sigh of relief. Forsdyke marries Babette and as a sign of appreciation they make her a Sister of Crooks Anonymous for keeping them all honest.

</doc>
<doc id="18768288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768288" title="Dancing Stage Universe 2">
Dancing Stage Universe 2

Dancing Stage Universe 2, sometimes abbreviated as Universe 2, is a music video game that was announced by Konami Germany on July 17, 2008 for the European Xbox 360. Released on November 18, 2008, as the follow-up to "Dancing Stage Universe" it features new music and new and refined modes of play, as well as content downloads (although the game does not appear on the Xbox.com website outside the U.S., making it impossible to download content).
Development.
Announced alongside "Dancing Stage SuperNova 2" by Konami Digital Entertainment GmbH on July 17, 2008, "Dancing Stage Universe 2" will continue the "Dancing Stage" series on the Xbox 360 for the European gaming audience. The game will feature new music from Goldfrapp, Klaxons and OK Go. New modes of gameplay will also be available to players such as Free Mode that will allow players to dance to the music without needing to match their steps to predefined charts.
It has also been announced that "Dancing Stage Universe 2" will features more than 70 songs dating back from the 70s to present day hits, a DJ Mode that allows players to mix the songs in the game to their liking and Quest Mode the ability for players to modify their dancing characters with over 400 features. Universe 2 will feature music videos to licensed songs in the game.

</doc>
<doc id="18768290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768290" title="Sivapuripatti">
Sivapuripatti

Sivapuripatti is a small village located in Sivagangai District of Tamilnadu, India. This place is blessed with a bright natural scenery. The nearest town to this village is Singampunari. Its located at a distance of 60 km from the city of Madurai in South India. Coconut rope production is one of main occupation here. STD code of this location is 4577.
Importance of Sivapuripatti.
One of the highlights of this village is the ancient "Syambulingeswarar temple". We could find a lot of lithographic scripts on the walls of the temple. The idol of Lord Shiva in this shrine is believed to be a Swayambhu (self originated). Lord Shiva is an important deity for the Hindu mythology, is worshipped from times immemorial, and is still popular as ever. In this shrine, apart from Lord Shiva, deities of Lord Vinayaka, Lord Muruga, Chandikeshwarar and Navagraha are housed. Also there is a separate temple for Amman (Goddess) adjacent to it, with a pond in front. A karuppar idol is located in between these 2 temples.
Climate.
Sivapuripatti experiences a very dry and hot climate with low degree of humidity. Normally, the temperature varies from 22 to 39 degree Celsius.
Language.
Tamil is spoken, predominantly, in and around Sivapuripatti.
Transport.
Sivapuripatti is well-connected by road.
Air.
Madurai airport is around 60 km from Sivapuripatti and serves many of the regional airlines in India. People could get there via Chennai International Airport that has frequent services to Madurai. From the Madurai airport, taxi could be hired to reach this place.
Train.
Madurai junction has direct connection to Mumbai, Chennai and many other important towns in India. From the railway station, a taxi could be hired to reach this place.

</doc>
<doc id="18768294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768294" title="Regional Development Commissions Act 1993">
Regional Development Commissions Act 1993

The Regional Development Commissions Act 1993 is legislation passed by the Parliament of Western Australia:
to establish regional development commissions, to coordinate and promote the development of regions and to establish a regional development council.
The Act falls under the control of the Minister for Local Government and Regional Development and provides for the establishment of nine commissions:

</doc>
<doc id="18768295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768295" title="Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu">
Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu

Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu (born 2 December 1990 in Berekum), also known simply as Badu ( ), is a Ghanaian international footballer, who plays for Serie A club Udinese in Italy.
Career.
Agyemang-Badu began his career at Berlin F.C. Berekum, Brong-Ahafo, before later signing for Berekum Arsenal. He was announced in the Ghana Premier League All Star Team on 21 May 2007.
Berekum Arsenal and Recreativo de Huelva.
On 11 July 2008, Agyemang-Badu left Berekum Arsenal, signing a one year loan contract with Asante Kotoko.
Agyemang-Badu had trials in England with Middlesbrough in August 2008 and at Wolves three months later.
He then signed on 16 April 2009 a six months loan contract with Recreativo de Huelva, on loan from Berlin FC. Reuters quoted a source from a Berlin FC official, that the loan cost Recreativo about €30,000 (US$40,000), while Associated Press reported his new club holds an option for a contract between 30 June 2012 and the loan will effective until the opening of 2009 summer transfer window. His contract with the Spanish club Recreativo de Huelva was dissolved in September 2009 and he moved back to Asante Kotoko.
Udinese.
In November 2009, BBC and Sky Sports announced the Italian Serie A side Udinese will sign him in January 2010 and on 28 January 2010 Udinese Calcio announced the deal in their official site which the Udine club signed him permanently from Berlin FC. He received his first first team call-up against A.C. Milan on 12 February, but did not play. After a successive "appearances" as unused sub, he replaced Paolo Sammarco on 28 March 2010 against Fiorentina, which Udinese lost 1–4.
Agyemang-Badu became a regular in 2011–12 season, replacing departed Gökhan İnler in new 4–1–4–1 or 4–4–1–1 formation against Arsenal. He was one of the cover of attacking midfielder Giampiero Pinzi along with countryman Kwadwo Asamoah.
International career.
Agyemang-Badu has represented Ghana at under-20, under-23 and senior level. On 22 May 2008 was his first call to the Black Stars. His first game was on 8 June 2008 against Lesotho national football team. On 1 January 2009 was named for the Black Satellites for the 2009 African Youth Championship in Rwanda
. Agyemang-Badu played for the Local Black Stars at 2009 African Championship of Nations in Côte d'Ivoire and represented his team at 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Egypt.
Agyemang-Badu scored the winning sudden death penalty on 16 October 2009 in the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup Final against Brazil. The penalty made Ghana the first African nation to win the FIFA U-20 World Cup. Agyemang-Badu scored his first senior level goal against Congo, in June 2011.
During the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations, in a game between Ghana and Guinea, Agyemang-Badu flipped up a teammate's pass from just outside the box and launched a mid-air volley to score a goal that was later nominated for the 2012 FIFA Puskás Award (FIFA's global Goal of the Year award).
Personal life.
His brother Nana Agyemang-Badu plays currently for Asante Kotoko.

</doc>
<doc id="18768303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768303" title="Sven Breugelmans">
Sven Breugelmans

Sven Breugelmans (born 12 August 1979) is a Belgian motocross world champion.
Breugelmans won the 2005 F.I.M. MX3-GP motocross world championship riding for the KTM team run by former world champion Jacky Martens. He finished as runner-up to Yves Demaria in the 2006 and 2007 MX3-GP world championships, before reclaiming the title in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18768330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768330" title="Not Now, Darling (film)">
Not Now, Darling (film)

Not Now, Darling is a 1973 British comedy film adapted from the play of the same title by John Chapman and Ray Cooney. The plot is a farce centered around a fur coat shop in central London. A loosely releated sequel "Not Now, Comrade" was released in 1976.
It was the last film to feature appearances by Cicely Courtneidge and Jack Hulbert who had been a leading celebrity couple in the 1930s and 1940s.

</doc>
<doc id="18768332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768332" title="Gobán Saor">
Gobán Saor

The Gobán Saor was a highly skilled smith or architect in Irish history and legend. Gobban Saer (Gobban the Builder) is a figure regarded in Irish traditional lore as an architect of the seventh century, and popularly canonized as St. Gobban. The "Catholic Encyclopedia" considers him historical and born at Turvey, near Malahide, about 560. 
In literary references, he was employed by many Irish saints to build churches, oratories, and bell towers, and he is alluded to in an eighth-century Irish poem, preserved in a monastery in Carinthia. In the "Life of St. Abban" it is said that "the fame of Gobban as a builder in wood as well as stone would exist in Ireland to the end of time." 
In "Gobán Saor" can be seen elements of Goibniu, the Old Irish god of smithcraft. His name can be compared with the Old Irish "gobae" ~ "gobann" ‘smith,’ Middle Welsh "gof" ~ "gofein" ‘smith,’ Gallic "gobedbi" ‘with the smiths,’ Latin "faber" ‘smith’ and with the Lithuanian "gabija" ‘sacred home fire’ and Lithuanian "gabus" ‘gifted, clever’.
"The Wonder Smith and His Son" is a retelling of fourteen tales about the Gobán Saor, by Ella Young; illustrated by Boris Artzybasheff (1927). It was a 1928 Newbery Honor Book. Two of Ella Young's retellings were reprinted by Collier in "The Young Folks Shelf of Books."

</doc>
<doc id="18768342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768342" title="Michele Rinaldi">
Michele Rinaldi

Michele Rinaldi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18768349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768349" title="S82">
S82

S82 may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="18768357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768357" title="Nana Arhin Duah">
Nana Arhin Duah

Nana Arhin Duah (born September 14, 1980) is a Ghanaian football striker, who last played for Ashanti Gold SC.
Career.
Duah began his career by Ashanti Gold SC, here wons with the team 1997 the CAF Champions League and moved after 3 years in January 2000 to Asante Kotoko.
In the season 2007/08 he was champion with Asante Kotoko and he won the President's Cup with his team. He scored for Kotoko in their second MTN CAF Champions League Group A match against CS Sfaxien a goal.
After eight years with Asante Kotoko turned back to his youth club and signed on 24 October 2008 a three years contract with Ashanti Gold SC, he left the team on 26 April 2009.
International.
Played in Ghana's 2006 World Cup preliminary qualifier against Somalia, scoring two goals, but did not feature much for Ghana subsequently.

</doc>
<doc id="18768367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768367" title="Some Will, Some Won't">
Some Will, Some Won't

"Some Will, Some Won't" is a 1970 British comedy film directed by Duncan Wood. It was a remake of "Laughter in Paradise". It starred an ensemble British cast, including Michael Hordern, Ronnie Corbett, Dennis Price, Leslie Phillips and Arthur Lowe. It featured a cameo performance from "Steptoe and Son" actor Wilfrid Brambell who played Henry Russell, who has left four family members £150,000 in his will, on the condition they do the bizarre tasks he has set out for them.

</doc>
<doc id="18768369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768369" title="Godfred Yeboah">
Godfred Yeboah

Godfred Yeboah (born July 27, 1980) is a Ghanaian football defender. He currently plays for All Stars F.C. on loan from Asante Kotoko.
Career.
In the season 2007/08 he was champion with Kotoko and he won the President's Cup with his team. He moved on 4 January 2008 from Asante Kotoko to All Stars F.C. with the Asante Kotoko teammate Kobina Dodzie on loan, the third player in the deal Habib Mohamed while to a permanent move. Formerly was on loan from January 2007 to June 2007 by Ashanti Gold SC and stands here in the Ghana Premier League All Star team.

</doc>
<doc id="18768385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768385" title="Kfar Zoharim">
Kfar Zoharim

Kfar Zoharim (, "lit." Village of Lights), officially Ramot Yehuda-Zoharim (, lit. "Judea Heights-Lights"), is a village and treatment centre for drug addiction in central Israel. It falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. 
The village was established in 1993 by Jerusalem residents who were former members of the Black Panthers. It was named after the singer Zohar Argov, a singer who had suffered from drug addition. Today it treats around 80 addicts.

</doc>
<doc id="18768396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768396" title="S83">
S83

S83 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18768403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768403" title="Not Now, Comrade">
Not Now, Comrade

Not Now, Comrade is a 1976 British comedy film directed by Ray Cooney. It was a very loose follow up to the 1973 farce "Not Now, Darling". It featured a number of British comedy actors of the era including Leslie Phillips, Windsor Davies, Don Estelle and Ian Lavender.

</doc>
<doc id="18768427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768427" title="Abdullahi Ishaka">
Abdullahi Ishaka

Abdullahi Ishaka (born March 3, 1984 in Lagos), is Nigerian footballer, who currently plays for Lions FC of Lagos. 
Career.
Before moving to Valkeakoski the midfielder played for Albanian club KS Besa Kavajë which plays in Albanian Superliga. Ishaka has also played in Nigeria U17 National soccer team and a few games in UEFA competitions. First two games with KF Partizani Tirana in 2006-2007 UEFA Intertoto Cup. In the season 2007-2008, he played three games in UEFA Cup qualifiers with KS Besa Kavajë and scored a goal against FK Bezanija.
International career.
He is former member of the Nigeria national under-17 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="18768434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768434" title="Piquillo pepper">
Piquillo pepper

The piquillo pepper is a variety of chile, capsicum annuum, having a sweet taste with no heat, fruits about 7 cm long, well suited for growing in pots, that is traditionally grown in Northern Spain near the town of Lodosa. Its name is derived from the Spanish for "little beak".
Preparation.
Typically, the peppers are hand picked during two harvests between September and December. They are roasted over embers, which gives them a distinct sweet, spicy flavour, more akin to bell peppers than chilli peppers, despite their small size. They are then peeled and de-seeded by hand, before being packed into jars or tins for sale.
Piquillo Peppers are often stuffed with meat, seafood or cheese, and served as tapas.
Nutrition.
Piquillo peppers are high in Fiber, and Vitamins C, E, A, and B. In particular, their Vitamin C content is very high, comparable to a citrus fruit.

</doc>
<doc id="18768437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768437" title="S84">
S84

S84' may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18768445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768445" title="List of RWTH Aachen University people">
List of RWTH Aachen University people

This is a list of people associated with RWTH Aachen University in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18768469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768469" title="Ardabil rug">
Ardabil rug

Ardabil rugs originate from Ardabil located in the province of Ardabil Province in northwestern Iran, 639 kilometers from Tehran. Ardabil has a long and illustrious history of Azerbaijani carpet weaving. The reign of the Safavid Dynasty in the 16th and 17th centuries represented the peak of Azerbaijani carpet making in the region. The name Ardabil comes from the Avesta (The sacred book of Zoroastrians) with the word Artavil literally meaning a tall holy place. The weavers in Ardabil ply their craft using Azerbaijani knots. One of the most famous carpets in existence today is a pair of Persian carpets from Ardabil. This carpet, measuring 34' x 17', is hanging on display in the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, England.
Ardabil rugs feature motifs that are very similar to Caucasian rugs, but with more motifs and objects woven into the borders. The colors are also lighter. The patterns are predominantly geometric and the most common layouts on Ardabil rugs are medallions, multiple connected diamond-shaped medallions, and all-over octagonal shapes. The most recognized design found on Ardabil rugs is the famous Mahi (Herati) design - a diamond medallion and small fish throughout. Some modern weavers have begun to favor bold geometric patterns over the traditional Mahi (Herati) design and have added colors such as turquoise and purple to the more traditional red, pink, ivory, green, and blue.
The warp on Ardabil rugs is mostly cotton, while the weft is either cotton or wool, although silk is also used as weft on fine Ardabil rugs. The highly skilled weavers may also incorporate silk into the woolen pile in order to accentuate some highlights in the pattern. These fabulous rugs are available in all sizes. Their almost nomadic appearance enhances contemporary, traditional, and modern décors.Ardabil rugs includes the following widely known carpets: " Ardabil", "Sheikh Safi", "Sarabi", "Shah Abbasi" and "Mir".
Sheikh-Safi.
The Sheikh-Safi or Ardabil Carpets are a pair of carpets presented as a gift to the complex of Sheikh Safi-ad-din in Ardabil in 1539 CE. They are considered by many the finest carpets in the world. For Azerbaijani and Iranian Shiites, the “Sheikh Safi” mausoleum ranked second among the places of pilgrimage (the first being the Imam Reza mausoleum in Mashad). This type of rug is noted for its sophisticated construction, original compositional elements and decorative completeness of the 16-point turunj located in the middle of the center field. The sketch was created by a talented artist, while the carpet itself was woven by artful craftsmen of Tabriz, or perhaps even those from Ardabil. In 1539, the carpet was bought by Kashani pilgrim and presented as a charity gift to the “Sheikh Safi” mosque. However, before handing it over to the mosque, Maghsud Kashanitold the makers to weave his name on the rug along with the following stanza: “I have no other shelter but yours, except for your doors there is no other roof but for this home where I can lay my head” (The couplet from the 65th gazelle by the 14th century lyric poet hafez (1300–1389). And beneath it: “The work by a servant of this home, Maghsud Kashani” and the figure 946 (1539). This addition is perceived as a patch. The original “Sheikh Safi”, repaired from the other of the pair, is displayed at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, with the second carpet, reduced in size, in Los Angeles.
Sarabi.
These carpets derived their names from the town of Sarab situated between Tabriz and Ardabil, There are the following versions of the Sarabi carpet: 
The center field covered with the vertical lines, which are decorated by blooming branches arranged one after another in am asymmetrical way. 
The center field with one gel. The carpets are beautiful and harmonious in color. The vegetal ornamental elements are woven almost in dotted lines, which to some extent resembles Karabakh carpets.
Shah Abbasi.
The name of these carpets is associated with Shah Abbas I (1587–1629), the fifth ruler of the Safavids empire. Shah Abbas moved the capital of the Safavids to the internal regions of Iran, namely to the town of Isfahan. As a result, many of the prominent Azerbaijani craftsmen moved to Isfahan. The “Gum-Shah Abbasi” carpet is noted for the elements of an unusual form named “Şah Abbasi gülləri” (in Azerbaijani “Flowers of Shakh Abbas”). They largely consist of fantastical flowers as well as fig leaves. The asymmetrical arrangement of the elements along the horizontal line is viewed as the characteristic feature of this carpet.
Mir.
The name of the carpet, which belongs to the Ardabil group of the Tabriz school, is associated with the names of the villages of Mir and Mirshi to the south of Ardabil. 
The composition of the center field is formed by butteh ( "bush"). The forms of these buteh as well as their vertical and horizontal arrangement remind of the carpets of the Shirvan type “Maraza” and “Khila-buta”. Yet the individual butteh on the “Mir” carpet have a much simpler composition. This type of butteh can be also found on the fabric manufactured in Tabriz, Kerman and India. 
The border and the center edge of the carpet are unusual: they used to consist of vegetal curve-linear elements but as the weaving technique improved they acquired new forms.

</doc>
<doc id="18768480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768480" title="S86">
S86

S86 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18768485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768485" title="Giri Babu">
Giri Babu

Seshagiri Rao Yerra, popularly known as Giri Babu, is a South Indian actor, who appeared in more than 700 movies. He also directed several Telugu movies. His son, Raghu Babu, is a notable actor in Tollywood.

</doc>
<doc id="18768487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768487" title="Matte display">
Matte display

A matte display is an electronic display with a matte surface. Matte displays feature a light scattering anti-glare layer, which reduces glare at the cost of decreased contrast and color intensity under dimly lit conditions.
References.
Further references

</doc>
<doc id="18768488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768488" title="Brewarrina Airport">
Brewarrina Airport

Brewarrina Airport is a small airport located west southwest of Brewarrina, New South Wales, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18768490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768490" title="Malambo">
Malambo

Malambo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18768501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768501" title="Daniel Addo (footballer born 1987)">
Daniel Addo (footballer born 1987)

Daniel Addo (born March 6, 1987 in Abrankese) is a Ghanaian football defensive midfielder currently playing for Hapoel Petah Tikva from the Israeli Premier League. He previously played for Hacettepespor on loan from Gençlerbirliği S.K. of Turkey.
Club career.
Addo began his professional career at Kessben F.C., moving in July 2007 to Accra Hearts of Oak SC. After just six months in Accra, he left the team and was transferred to Gençlerbirliği S.K., he joining also with his former Kessben teammate James Boadu to Turkey. In June 2009 left Gençlerbirliği S.K. and joined on loan to Hacettepespor the deal runs between 30 June 2010. He moved to Israel and signed for his current team on January 2010.
International career.
On November 13, 2007, Addo was first called to Ghana's national side, making the squad-of-23 for the match against Nigeria, being subsequently picked for the 40-man training camp for the 2008 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="18768510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768510" title="Chamaeleo johnstoni">
Chamaeleo johnstoni

Chamaeleo johnstoni (common names Johnston's Chameleon or Ruwenzori Three-Horned Chameleon) is an African chameleon belonging to the chameleon family (Chamaeleonidae).

</doc>
<doc id="18768522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768522" title="17th General Assembly of Nova Scotia">
17th General Assembly of Nova Scotia

The 17th General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between 1843 and 1847.
The assembly sat at the pleasure of the Governor of Nova Scotia, Lucius Bentinck Cary. Jeremiah Dickson became governor in 1846.
William Young was chosen as speaker for the house.
List of members.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="18768523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768523" title="Paseo de la Castellana">
Paseo de la Castellana

Paseo de la Castellana (), commonly known as La Castellana, is one of the longest and widest avenues of Madrid. It is named after an old fountain that used to exist in Plaza de Castilla. It starts at Plaza de Colón, passes through the Nuevos Ministerios, Plaza de Lima, Plaza de Cuzco, Plaza de Castilla, and ends near the Nudo Norte (North Junction), connecting with the M-30 and the road to Colmenar Viejo. The Paseo de la Castellana is the continuation of Paseo de Recoletos and Paseo del Prado, and these three avenues vertebrate the north-south axis of the city.
As part of an ambitious project called Operación Chamartín, it is planned to extend it further to the north, where a big number of railway lines will be dug underground and the area will be transformed with high-rise buildings. This project was recently brought to life again, after many years of debate.
To the west of La Castellana lie the districts of Chamberí and Tetuán, and to the east, the districts of Salamanca and Chamartín.
Many business, banking and financial buildings are located along La Castellana or its immediate proximity, including those that house AZCA, Puerta de Europa, and the CTBA. Also, many of the most important embassies are located in or around the stretch between Plaza de Colón and Plaza del Doctor Marañón. Other landmarks that can be found along this street are the Nuevos Ministerios complex, where the offices of several ministries of the Spanish Government are located, and the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium.
Between 1952 and 1981, the stretch north of Nuevos Ministerios was called Avenida del Generalísimo.

</doc>
<doc id="18768532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768532" title="S87">
S87

S87 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18768539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768539" title="False Dawn (Kipling story)">
False Dawn (Kipling story)

False Dawn is a short story by Rudyard Kipling. It was first published in the first Indian edition of "Plain Tales from the Hills" in 1888, and in subsequent editions of that collection. 
The story is set on an unnamed 'station', or one of the posts where the British lived during the Raj. It is something of a backwater, "nearly a day's journey" from Lahore; and at the time of the story, "just before the final exodus of the Hill-goers", i.e. at the beginning of the hot season, there are under 20 British in residence. The story concerns Saumarez, a well-paid member of the Indian Civil Service who is "popular with women". He decides to propose marriage to one of a pair of sisters, Maud (the elder) and Edith Copleigh, who do everything together: the gossip of the station is that it will be to Maud, which would be an excellent match. She is prettier than her sister, though they are very alike in figure, look and voice. Saumarez arranges a moonlight picnic for six couple to provide a romantic setting. After midnight, the supper is interrupted by a terrible dust storm, and confusion reigns. In a lull in the storm, the narrator (the usual "persona "of 'Kipling') hears Edith crying "O my God!". and asking to be taken home. He refuses till daylight, they separate - and then Saumarez says he's proposed to the wrong one. The narrator sees on Maud's face "that look on her face which only comes once or twice in a lifetime - when a woman is perfectly happy and the air is full of trumpets and gorgeously-coloured fire, and the Earth turns into cloud because she loves and is loved." It is Saumarez's duty to wipe that look off her face. 'Kipling' leaves him to it, galloping off to tell Edith: "You have got to come back with me, Miss Copleigh. Saumarez has something to tell you." They return home in the dawn, Maud riding with 'Kipling': "Maud Copleigh did not talk to me at any length."

</doc>
<doc id="18768544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768544" title="Adamu Mohammed">
Adamu Mohammed

Murtala Mohammed (born July 24, 1983, in Accra) is a Ghanaian football defender currently playing for Hapoel Be'er Sheva.
Career.
Is a tall defender who was signed in 2006 by Asante Kotoko from Real Sportive. In July 2008, he moved to Gençlerbirliği S.K. for a transfer fee of 4,5 Million €uro. In 2008 he went to Hacettepespor and in late 2008 he was loaned to KS Vllaznia Shkodër in Albania. In January 2009, left Macedonia, to sign with Tema Youth on loan from Hacettepespor and in September 2009 was sold to Eleven Wise. In 2010, he played for Hapoel Be'er Sheva

</doc>
<doc id="18768557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768557" title="The Other Man (Kipling story)">
The Other Man (Kipling story)

The story was first published in the "Civil and Military Gazette" on November 13, 1886, in the first Indian edition of "Plain Tales from the Hills" in 1888, and in subsequent editions of that collection.
The story, which is set in Simla, the Hill Station where the British used to spend their leaves during the hot weather, tells of Miss Gaurey, whom "her parents made ... marry Colonel Schreiderling ... not much more than 35 years her senior", who is a good match, if not particularly well off, and has lung-complaints which she nurses "seventeen days in each month". She had been secretly engaged to "the Other Man" ("I have forgotten his name"), who gets himself transferred away to an unhealthy Station. He also has bad health (intermittent fever, and a bad heart valve. Mrs Schreiderling, as she now is, never weeps, but begins to contract every infection on the Station. She becomes ugly - Schreiderling says so, and returns to bachelor habits.
One August, he leaves her at Simla to return to his regiment. The narrator hears that the Other Man is coming to Simla, being very sick. Mrs Schreiderling is waiting for him at dusk on the Mall as his Tonga (carriage) draws up as the narrator is passing - and then she screams. The long journey has killed the Other Man. The narrator sorts out the details, ensuring the confidentiality of the Tonga driver, and takes Mrs Schreiderling home.
"She did not die - men of Schreiderling's stamp marry women who don't die easily. They live and grow ugly." Two years later, she goes Home; and dies.

</doc>
<doc id="18768560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768560" title="Givat Shemesh">
Givat Shemesh

Givat Shemesh (, "lit." Sun Hill) is a village and drug rehabilitation centre in central Israel. Located near Beit Shemesh above kibbutz Tzora and run by the Retorno organisation. It falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2011 it had a population of 59.
The village was established in 1954 on land that formerly belonged to the Arab village of Dayr Rafat, just west of the village site. The land had been abandoned as a war zone in 1948 during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War and later built upon to provide community resources to the Israeli population.
The rehabilitation center was first founded in 1989 in Mexico by Rabbi Eitan Eckstein, and later opened in Israel. Retorno is a Jewish center which has elements of Judaism in and around the therapy program. No one is forced to conform to Judaism practice, but it the general lifestyle in the center.

</doc>
<doc id="18768573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768573" title="Cootamundra Airport">
Cootamundra Airport

Cootamundra Airport is a small airport in Cootamundra, New South Wales, Australia.
RAAF Station Cootamundra.
Cootamundra was chosen as a station for No. 1 Air Observers School and No. 2 Recruit Depot during the Second World War. Numbers 60 and 73 Squadrons also operated from the base. Following the cessation of hostilities the airfield reverted to civilian use.

</doc>
<doc id="18768584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768584" title="Landesliga Hamburg-Hammonia">
Landesliga Hamburg-Hammonia

The Landesliga Hamburg-Hammonia is the sixth tier of the German football league system and the second-highest league in the German state of Hamburg, together with the "Landesliga Hamburg-Hansa". It is named after the Latin word for Hamburg, Hammonia.
Overview.
1947 to 1950.
The league was formed in 1947, alongside three other divisions on the same level in the City of Hamburg, as the Bezirksklasse Hamburg-Hammonia. The other three leagues were:
The four new leagues replaced the "1. Klasse Hamburg" as the feeder leagues to the "Stadtliga Hamburg", which was now renamed "Verbandsliga Hamburg". The "1. Klasse Hamburg" had been operating since the end of the Second World War in 1945 and consisted of three divisions. The change in the league system at this level came together with the establishment of the "Oberliga Nord" as the new tier-one league in Northern Germany. This meant the new "Bezirksklasse" in Hamburg was now the third tier of the league system, below "Oberliga" and "Verbandsliga".
The league started out with ten clubs, with the league champion being promoted to the "Verbandsliga". In its second season, the league expanded to twelve clubs. The league above it was renamed from "Verbandsliga Hamburg" to "Amateurliga Hamburg" at the end of this season. The year after, in 1950, the "Amateurliga" was then reduced to one single division from the two it had been operating at previously.
For the "Bezirksklasse", this also meant a change: The four existing divisions were disbanded and replaced by two leagues:
For the "Hammonia-division" (German: "Hammonia-Staffel") this meant a temporary end to its operation.
1953 to 1963.
In 1953, the league was once more reestablished and the "Elbe-Staffel" and "Alster-Staffel" disbanded. Three of the four leagues in existence until 1950 were reformed, the "Olympia-Staffel" however, was not. The leagues were now named "Verbandsligas":
Each of the three divisions had now fourteen clubs and the league champion was again promoted directly to the "Amateurliga Hamburg". The leagues were again the third tier of the German league system. In the fourteen-team per division era, usually the bottom two teams of each division were relegated. Additionally, teams would be moved between the three divisions according to geographical necessity, to balance them out.
In 1963, the Fußball-Bundesliga was established in Germany. The old "Oberliga Nord" was disbanded and at its stead, the "Regionalliga Nord" was set as the second tier of the league system. The "Amateurliga Hamburg", now renamed "Landesliga Hamburg", slipped to third tier in the league system, making the three "Verbandsligas" the fourth tier now. Otherwise, nothing changed for the three leagues.
1963 to 1974.
In the first couple of seasons after 1963, nothing changed for the three leagues.
In 1970, the "Germania-Staffel" was disbanded, leaving only the "Hansa" and "Hammonia" division on this level, as it is today. The two remaining divisions were increased in size, "Hansa" to seventeen and "Hammonia" to sixteen. Also, the leagues changed their name from "Verbandsliga" to "Amateurliga". The following season, both divisions operated with sixteen clubs.
In 1974, the "Regionalliga Nord" was replaced by the "2nd Bundesliga Nord" as the second tier in the region. As the new third tier, the "Oberliga Nord" was re-established. The "Landesliga Hamburg", now renamed "Verbandsliga Hamburg" slipped to fourth tier because of this change and the two "Amateurligas" below it therefore to fifth tier.
1974 to 1994.
In 1978, the "Amateurligas" in Hamburg were renamed to "Landesliga", a name they carry to date. Nothing changed otherwise for the Landesliga Hamburg-Hammonia.
The league experienced no change in the two decades from 1974 to 1994, operating on sixteen teams for all but one season. Also, changes in the league system above it did not affect it in this time.
In 1994, however, the "Regionalligas" were reformed. In the north, this meant a reestablishing of the "Regionalliga Nord". The "Oberliga Nord" was disbanded again and in its stead, the "Oberliga Hamburg/Schleswig-Holstein" was formed. The "Regionalliga" becoming the new third tier in the league system meant for the "Landesligas" that they now fell to sixth tier.
1994 to current.
The league continued to remain unchanged. The "Oberliga Nord" was re-formed, again, in 2004, replacing the "Oberliga Hamburg/Schleswig-Holstein" at this level. This meant no change for the "Landesligas".
In 2008, the "3rd Liga" was established and the "Oberliga Nord" once more disbanded. Instead of this league, the five northern "Verbandsligas" were elevated to the status of "Oberliga", meaning, the "Verbandsliga Hamburg" now became the "Oberliga Hamburg". The two leagues below it remained as the "Landesligas", unchanged in name and tier.
League champions.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="18768605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768605" title="Legal Services Board">
Legal Services Board

The Legal Services Board is the independent body responsible for overseeing the regulation of lawyers in England and Wales. It is a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Ministry of Justice. Its set-up and ongoing costs are met entirely by a levy on practitioners on the legal sector, so the body is both politically and financially independent from Government.
Priorities.
The Board's statutory mandate is to ensure that regulation in the legal services sector is carried out in the public interest; and that the interests of the consumers of legal services are put at the heart of the system. 
The Board became fully active on 1 January 2010, when the new regulatory regime was activated by statute.
Statutory basis.
The Board was created by the Legal Services Act 2007 and sits at the apex of the new regulatory regime for legal services. It has a duty to promote the regulatory objectives defined under that Act:
The professional principles are:
Supervision of regulators.
The LSB provides cross-sector oversight regulation of the eight separate bodies named as approved regulators in the Legal Services Act 2007. These bodies directly regulate the circa 120,000 lawyers practising in England and Wales. These include:
The Board has the power to recommend to the Lord Chancellor that he approve further approved regulators. This means that new bodies can apply to the LSB to become frontline regulators of parts of the legal profession. Once the Act comes fully into force and the Board is operational, all changes to these bodies' internal professional regulatory arrangements must be approved by the Board. 
Approved regulators also have a duty to promote the regulatory objectives. If they fail to do so, or if they fail to comply with the 2007 Act, the Legal Services Board can:
The Board has a duty to regulate practising fees, resolve regulatory conflicts, and work with the Office of Fair Trading, the Competition Commission and the Lord Chancellor on competition issues.
Membership.
Members are appointed by the Lord Chancellor. David Edmonds was re-appointed chair of the Board on 1 April 2011. The nine initial members took up post on 1 September 2008. 
Members of the Board include:
Consumer Panel.
On 11 November 2009, the LSB launched the Legal Services Consumer Panel. The Panel operates independently of the LSB and represents the interests of both individual and business consumers in the LSB’s work to oversee the regulation of lawyers. The establishment of the Panel was a statutory requirement of the Legal Services Act 2007. Members of the Panel are appointed by the LSB with the approval of the Lord Chancellor. The Panel’s inaugural Chair, Dr Dianne Hayter, was appointed in 2009. She stood down due to ongoing commitments in the House of Lords. She was succeeded in August 2011 by the current chair, Elizabeth Davies who is Director of Partner Relations at Age UK. 
The Panel examines issues of importance to legal services consumers and advises the LSB in its work overseeing the frontline regulators. The Panel publishs this advice. Should the LSB fail to agree with such advice, it is required to publish a written statement outlining its reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="18768638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768638" title="Richard Rive">
Richard Rive

Richard Moore Rive (Cape Town, 1 March 1931 - 1989) was a South African writer.
Biography.
Rive was born on 1 March 1931 in Caledon Street in the working-class coloured District Six of Cape Town.
His father was African, and his mother was coloured, and Rive was given the latter classification under apartheid. Rive went to St Mark's Primary School and Trafalgar High School, both in District Six, and then to Hewat College of Education in Athlone, where he qualified as a teacher.
Later he was to gain a BA degree from the University of Cape Town, followed by an MA degree from Columbia University in the United States, and a Doctorate from Oxford University. He was for years the Head of the English Department at Hewat College. Rive was a visiting professor at several overseas universities, including Harvard University in 1987; and delivered guest lectures at more than fifty universities on four continents. He was a prominent sportsman (a South African hurdles champion while a student) and a school sports administrator. In 1963 he was given a scholarship organised by the editor of "Drum magazine", Es'kia Mphahlele. In 1965 he was awarded a Fulbright scholarship. He wrote a doctoral thesis on Olive Schreiner which was published posthumously, in 1996.
Rive was a firm believer in anti-racism and decided to stay in his country in order that he could influence its development there.
Rive focused initially published his stories in collections or in South African magazines like "Drum" and "Fighting Talk". He edited anthologies for Heinemann's African Writers Series: the short story anthology "Quartet" (1963) - containing stories by Alex La Guma, James Matthews, Alf Wannenburgh and Rive himself - and the prose anthology "Modern African Prose" (1964). His short story "The Bench", for which he won a prize, is still anthologised. "The Bench" takes the well known story of Rosa Parks and sets it in South Africa. He also wrote three novels. "Emergency" (1964) was set against the Sharpeville massacre. "Buckingham Palace District Six", was published in 1986 and turned into a musical by a theatre in Cape Town. He also published an autobiography entitled "Writing Black" in 1981.
His last novel, "Emergency Continued", was published posthumously. Rive was shot to death at his home in Cape Town in 1989.
On August 23, 2013, Rive and two other esteemed South African authors Ronnie Govender and Don Mattera were honoured for their contributions to the fight against apartheid through literature at the Aziz Hassim Literary Awards held in Durban. The authors all reflected on non-racial enclaves in South Africa during that era: Rive focused on District Six, Govender on Cato Manor, and Mattera on Sophiatown.

</doc>
<doc id="18768660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768660" title="Michele Rinaldi (motorcyclist)">
Michele Rinaldi (motorcyclist)

Michele Rinaldi (born March 9, 1959 in Parma) is an Italian former Grand Prix motocross world champion and team manager.
Biography.
Rinaldi began competing in the 125cc motocross world championships in 1978, finishing in the top three for four consecutive years between 1980 and 1983, first for the Gilera team, then for the Suzuki team. In 1984, he finally captured the 125 title, becoming the first Italian to win a motocross world championship. He moved up to the 250 class with his best result being a second place in the 1986 world championship behind Jacky Vimond. He retired in 1987 after having competed in the Paris to Dakar rally.
When his riding career ended he became a successful motocross team manager for the Suzuki and Yamaha factory racing teams. As a team manager, he guided Bobby Moore, Alessandro Puzar, Andrea Bartolini, Stefan Everts and David Philippaerts to world championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18768666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768666" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of San Jose de Antique">
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Jose de Antique

The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Jose de Antique (Lat: "Dioecesis Sancti Iosephi de Antiquonia") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
Erected in 1962 as the Territorial Prelature of San Jose de Antique, the prelature was split off from the Archdiocese of Jaro.
In 1982, the Prelature was elevated to a full diocese, and became suffragan to the Archdiocese of Jaro.
Currently, the Local Ordinary is the Most Reverend Jose Romeo O. Lazo, D.D.

</doc>
<doc id="18768678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768678" title="Corowa Airport">
Corowa Airport

Corowa Airport is a small airport located west of Corowa, New South Wales, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18768679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768679" title="War in South Ossetia">
War in South Ossetia

The term war in South Ossetia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18768690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768690" title="Mount Galloway">
Mount Galloway

Mount Galloway is the highest point on Antipodes Island, one of New Zealand's outlying islands. It rises to a height on 402 metres (1319 ft). It is said to be the most recently active volcano, but there is no exact eruption date known . Mount Galloway together with Mount Waterhouse are probably formed during the most recent eruption. They are at least as old as the Holocene era.
Mount Galloway is situated on the western side of the main island of the Antipodes group. It is a bold round-topped hill as determined by Captain Fairchild (1834-1898). About this Captain Fairchild is written: "Probably no man was better acquainted with the coasts and harbours of New Zealand, more popular or widely respected". Chapman reached the summit of Mount Galloway in 1903 and describes it as "lear ground, matted with "Pleurophyllum" and low-growing "Ligusticum". Owing to fog we failed to see a clear lake said to exist there. There was a good deal of flat ground up there, which was literally alive with albatross".
W. Dougall saw this small lake of approximately on the top of Mt Galloway.
The largest of three species of "Coprosma" plants is confined to Mt Galloway. This mountain is also the home of the small yellow-crowned parakeet ("Cyanoramphus novaezelandiae").

</doc>
<doc id="18768691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768691" title="Trioceros">
Trioceros

Trioceros is a genus in the family Chamaeleonidae. It was previously considered a subgenus of the genus "Chamaeleo" until 2009 when it was elevated to full genus level.

</doc>
<doc id="18768704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768704" title="Arthur Derounian">
Arthur Derounian

John Roy Carlson (April 9, 1909, Alexandroupoli — April 23, 1991, New York) is one of the many pen names of Avedis Boghos Derounian, the journalist and best-selling author of "Under Cover".
Derounian wrote for the Armenian General Benevolent Union's Armenian Information Service, and the "Armenian Mirror-Spectator". His exposé writing has been the subject of lawsuits.
Derounian is notable for editing the controversial manifesto of Armenia's first prime minister, Hovhannes Katchaznouni.
Personal life.
He was born to Boghos Derounian and Eliza Aprahamian in Dedeagach, Ottoman Empire (today Alexandroupoli, Greece), and spent part of his childhood in Turkey and Sofia, Bulgaria, where his brother Steven Derounian (who later became a Republican Representative) was born. His family, fleeing the Balkan Wars, eventually settled in Mineola, New York. He went on to study at New York University's School of Journalism. Later, he married Marie Nazarian and had a daughter named Elyse and a son named Robert. 
He died of a heart attack on April 23, 1991, at the library of the American Jewish Committee on East 56th Street.
Undercover work.
Derounian was a tireless investigator of subversive activity, and claimed to have joined numerous "patriotic" groups, some of which he listed in the opening of his book "Under Cover": National Socialist White People's Party (Harold Covington), German American Bund, Christian Front, The Ultra-American, Nationalist Party, American Nationalist Party, American Women Against Communism, The Gray Shirts, America First Committee, No Foreign War Committee, Christian Mobilizers, American Destiny Party, American Brotherhood of Christians Congress, The Ethiopian Pacific Movement, Citizens Protective League, Social Justice Distributors Club, The American Defense Society, Anglo-Saxon Federation of America, Paul Revere Sentinels, Ra-Con Klub, Crusaders for Americanism, Inc., We the Fathers (Auxiliary to We the Mothers Mobilize for America), "The Christian Mobilizer", Phalanx, PAX (secret gun club), National Workers League, Yankee Freemen, Cross and the Flag, Committee of One Million, Flanders Hall, American Patriots, American Bulletin, National Gentile League.
Among the groups he also helped expose was the international Nazi propaganda news agency "World-Service". 
He was also the chief investigator of the anti-fascist organization, Friends of Democracy.
Lawsuits related to "Under Cover".
Several parties instituted actions against him for alleged libelous matter in "Under Cover". Three of the four cases failed the consolidated case before the jury, leaving a verdict in favor only of lawyer Jeremiah Stokes, whose appearance Derounian had allegedly mocked. Stokes is first mentioned on page 365 of "Under Cover", and his patriotism questioned in the next chapter, which begins: 
I was in the room alone with two men. The one who had pumped both my hands in welcome was a small round man with a bald dome and rotund face. He had small, beady eyes and he peered at you from behind rimmed glasses He was definitely of the single-track, uncompromising zealot type. Jeremiah Stokes had let his law practice slide and was devoting the major portion of his time to the writing of "patriotic" tracts.
Derounian appealed; the appellate court reversed the district court and remanded the matter, stating in the overview:
The court found error in the submission to the jury of a physical description of the individual as small and rotund in stature, bald, round of face, and having small and beady eyes. The description of the individual was not reasonably calculated to subject him to public ridicule. It was error to submit to the jury ridicule of personal appearance as an element of damages.

</doc>
<doc id="18768705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768705" title="Cowra Airport">
Cowra Airport

Cowra Airport is an airport located notrh west of Cowra, New South Wales, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18768716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768716" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of San Carlos">
Roman Catholic Diocese of San Carlos

The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Carlos (Latin: "Dioecesis Sancti Caroli Borromeo") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. The diocese was split off from the Diocese of Bacolod together with the Diocese of Kabankalan in 1987 and is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Jaro in Iloilo City. The seat of the cathedral is the San Carlos Borromeo Cathedral in San Carlos City, Negros Occidental.

</doc>
<doc id="18768722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768722" title="Lake Huro">
Lake Huro

Lake Huro is located in the Chatham Islands of New Zealand. It is located on Chatham Island to the southwest of Te Whanga Lagoon, close to the settlement of Waitangi. 

</doc>
<doc id="18768726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768726" title="S96">
S96

S96 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18768736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768736" title="Jean-Baptiste Girard (pedagogue)">
Jean-Baptiste Girard (pedagogue)

Jean-Baptiste Girard as “Le Père Girard” or “Le Père Gregoire” (b. at Fribourg, 17 December 1765; d. there, 6 March 1850) was a Swiss Franciscan educator.
Life.
He was the fifth child in a family of fourteen, and his gift for teaching was early shown at home in helping his mother with the younger children. At sixteen he entered the novitiate of the Franciscans at Lucerne; after spending some time teaching in the colleges of the order, he went to Würzburg for his philosophical and theological studies, and was there ordained to the priesthood. 
Returning to Fribourg in 1789, he spent ten years in missionary work and in teaching philosophy to the young men of his order. Upon the invitation of Stapfer, minister of arts and sciences, in 1798 he published an essay outlining a scheme of national Swiss education. His orthodoxy came under some suspicion, caused by his admiration for Kantian ideas, which was evident in his essay.
Girard was called to Verne where he remained four years. In 1804 he was recalled to Fribourg, and took up work in the primary schools. As director of the schools in Fribourg (1807–1823), Girard made education compulsory, organized the school administration, insisted on the adoption of good textbooks and methods, and introduced the monitorial system, avoiding the abuse of mere memory exercise and making every study converge to the child's complete education. In 1809 Girard was sent to Yverdon-les-Bains to make a report to the Government on Pestalozzi's institutlon. He had met the latter in Bern and professed admiration for his ability as an educator, while differing from him on several important points, especially on the value of the monitorial system.
Girard's successful reforms at Fribourg were the occasion for bitter opposition. Girard's application of the monitorial system was opposed by the bishop and the civil authorities of Fribourg in 1823. Jesuit hostility resulted in him being driven away from his position, and he then went to work in the gymnasium at Lucerne as professor of philosophy. In 1834 he returned to Fribourg, where he remained till his death, engaged in educational pursuits and in the publication of some of his works.
Reputation.
Girard had a great reputation in France, being a Knight of the Legion of Honour, and a corresponding member of the Académie des Sciences morales et politiques. In Switzerland, he was hailed as a second Pestalozzi. He had a genius for teaching, his method of stimulating the intelligence of the children at Fribourg and interesting them actively in learning, and not merely cramming them with rules and facts, being warmly praised by the Swiss educationalist François Naville (1784-1846) in his treatise on public education (1832). Girard's undogmatic method and his Liberal Christianity brought him into conflict with the Jesuits, but his aim was, in all his teaching, to introduce the moral idea into the minds of his pupils by familiarizing them with the right or wrong working of the facts he brought to their attention, and thus to elevate character all through the educational curriculum.
Works.
Besides many reports and memoirs, his principal writings are: 
These works banish abstractions that are above the child's understanding, principles and rules being taught chiefly by means of concrete examples, and difficulties being introduced gradually. 

</doc>
<doc id="18768740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768740" title="Deniliquin Airport">
Deniliquin Airport

Deniliquin Airport is an airport located south of Deniliquin, a town in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia.
RAAF Station Deniliquin.
RAAF Station Deniliquin was formed in 1941 as a station for the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF), during the Second World War, at the airfield as part of the Empire Air Training Scheme as No. 7 Service Flying Training School.

</doc>
<doc id="18768745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768745" title="Rangitahi Lake">
Rangitahi Lake

Rangitahi Lake is located in the Chatham Islands of New Zealand. It is located on Chatham Island, to the northeast of Te Whanga Lagoon, close to the northern end of Hanson Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="18768747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768747" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Kabankalan">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kabankalan

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kabankalan (Lat: "Dioecesis Cabancalensis") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
Erected in 1987, the diocese was split off from the Diocese of Bacolod. 
The diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes, and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Jaro.
The current bishop is Patricio Abella Buzon, appointed in 2002.
The Diocesan Cathedral is one of the 12 Cathedrals that was founded by the Order of Augustinian Recollects in the Philippines. 

</doc>
<doc id="18768748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768748" title="Raffles (TV series)">
Raffles (TV series)

Raffles was a 1977 television adaptation of the A. J. Raffles stories by Ernest William Hornung. The series was produced by Yorkshire Television and written by Philip Mackie. The episodes were largely faithful adaptations of the stories in the books, though occasionally two stories would be merged to create one episode such as "The Gold Cup" which featured elements from both "A Jubilee Present" and "The Criminologist's Club".
Episodes.
The Amateur Cracksman (10 September 1975); one-off television drama

</doc>
<doc id="18768751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768751" title="Lockley">
Lockley

Lockley is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18768771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768771" title="Erin Carroll">
Erin Carroll

Erin Carroll (born 4 April 1986 in Nhill, Victoria) is an Australian badminton player from Ballarat, Victoria.
Career.
Erin's career started internationally as she competed at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne. In 2007 she travelled the world with the Australian 2007 Sudirman Cup Team.
Erin Carroll was selected to represent Australia in badminton at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Erin attended Sebastopol Secondary College, where she was a keen participant in Badminton throughout her high school stay.

</doc>
<doc id="18768773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768773" title="Forbes Airport">
Forbes Airport

Forbes Airport is a small airport located west northwest of Forbes, New South Wales, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18768781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768781" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Bacolod">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bacolod

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bacolod is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Negros Occidental, Philippines. 
History.
One of the older dioceses in the Philippines, the Diocese of Bacolod was erected on 15 July 1932 from the territories of the Archdiocese of Cebu and the Archdiocese of Jaro. 
On 5 April 1955, the Diocese of Bacolod lost territory when the Diocese of Dumaguete was erected. The diocese further lost territory on 30 March 1987 when the Diocese of Kabankalan and the Diocese of San Carlos were erected. 
Organization.
The Diocese of Bacolod is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Jaro. 
The current bishop is Vicente Macanan Navarra, appointed on 24 May 2001.
The seat of the diocese is the San Sebastian Cathedral in Bacolod (one of 12 cathedrals founded by the Order of Augustinian Recollects in the Philippines) with the San Diego Pro-cathedral in Silay as the diocese's pro-cathedral. 
Stand on the Reproductive Health Bill.
Prior to the congressional approval and presidential assent to the Reproductive Health Bill of 2012, the Diocese of Bacolod had opposed its passage, organizing rallies against it. The Diocese also urged the faithful to refrain from voting for senators who assented to its passage during the 2013 Philippine general election, and to vote for those who tried to prevent its passage.
The Diocese put up posters in its parish churches, identifying the senators who voted for and against passage of the bill. The Commission on Elections later tried to have these posters removed, or in the least reduced in size.

</doc>
<doc id="18768790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768790" title="S97">
S97

S97 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18768794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768794" title="Glen Innes Airport">
Glen Innes Airport

Glen Innes Airport is a small airport located northwest of Glen Innes, New South Wales, Australia.
Unusually for a small town airport the runway is sealed and of a reasonable length ( plus), this runway was constructed around the Second World War as a possible northern base for the Brisbane Line in the case of Japanese invasion.

</doc>
<doc id="18768808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768808" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Tagum">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tagum

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tagum (Lat: "Dioecesis Tagamna") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
The Diocese of Tagum is a suffragan diocese of Davao Metropolitan. It was canonically erected as Prelature Nullius on Jan. 13, 1962 by Pope John XXIII, with Reverend Joseph William Regan, MM as its local ordinary. It was elevated to the status of a diocese on Oct. 11, 1980 by Pope John Paul II, who appointed the Pedro R. Dean as its first Filipino bishop ordinary, and the Reverend Ramon Villena as the auxiliary bishop.
The diocese of Tagum has always made a record especially when it comes to the number of clergy ordained yearly as compared to other dioceses in Davao, Digos, Tagum and Mati (DADITAMA) ecclesiastical sub-region.
The diocesn territory comprises the entire civil provinces of Davao del Norte (except the city of Samal, the southern portion of the Lasang River, a small portion of Davao City north of the Lasang River) and of Compostela Valley.
Religious Institute of Men.
At the moment there is only one religious institute of men present in the diocese. These are the missionary priests who operated a school in Tagum City. They are called Congregation of the Schools of Charity "Cavanis Fathers" CSCH) which is housed at Letran de Davao High School, Seminary Drive,Tagum City.

</doc>
<doc id="18768835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768835" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Mati">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Mati

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mati (Lat: "Dioecesis Matiensis") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
The Christianization of the Davao area in Mindanao is attributed to the arrival in the area of the Augustinian Missionaries in 1848. This was followed by the Jesuits and the PIME Fathers of Quebec. But it was the Maryknoll Fathers who finally arrived in the area in 1958 and settled down to the arduous task of evangelizing the inhabitants.
Early Spanish exploration of the Davao area can be traced back to 1528 when Saavedra visited the Sarangani Islands on the southwestern entrance to the Davao Gulf. He coasted along the shores of Davao Oriental where he established the first settlement, that of Caraga.
The early missionaries later settled in places like Caraga, Baganga, Cateel and the nearby areas, baptizing, giving the sacraments, building churches and convents. Some of these old structures can still be found today, and some of them are still serving their Christian communities.
The entire Davao Province was politically subdivided into three in 1967. From this subdivision emerged the provinces of Davao del Norte with Tagum as its capital, Davao del Sur with Digos as capital, and Davao Oriental with Mati as capital.
Ecclesiastically, the entire Mindanao area was under the Diocese of Cebu since 1595, until some parts were placed under the jurisdiction of Jaro in 1865.
In 1910 the Diocese of Zamboanga was created and took all ecclesiastical territories in Mindanao away from Cebu. Other dioceses were established over the years, including the then Prelature of Davao which eventually became a diocese. In 1962 the Prelature of Tagum was created, taking its territory mostly from the then Prelature of Davao.
On Feb. 16, 1984, Pope John Paul II created the new Diocese of Mati, taking part of its territory from that of the Diocese of Tagum. In November of the same year, the Most Reverend Patricio Alo, until then the Auxiliary Bishop of Davao, was appointed First Bishop of Mati. Meanwhile the Diocese of Davao had become an archdiocese, and Tagum and Mati were made its suffragans.
The faithful of the Diocese of Mati envision for themselves a full Christian maturity, giving Christian service to all, especially the poor and the oppressed, in accord with the Gospel Words of Jesus Christ.
The diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes, and is currently a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Davao.
The first and only bishop is Patricio Hacbang Alo. He was born on December 2, 1939, in Cebu City. He was ordained a priest on March 14, 1964 of the Archdiocese of Cebu and was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Davao on April 14, 1981. His episcopal ordination was on June 7, 1981. Pope John Paul II appointed him as the first bishop of the Diocese of Mati on November 9, 1984 and has now served 24 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18768837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768837" title="Benkert">
Benkert

Benkert is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18768842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768842" title="Denham Bay">
Denham Bay

Denham Bay is a large bay which stretches along the entire west coast of Raoul Island in New Zealand's Kermadec Islands chain, from Hutchison Bluff in the north to Smith Bluff in the south. The bay gave its name to the Denham caldera, which was formed some 2200 years ago by a massive volcanic eruption.
Denham Bay was named for Capt Henry Mangles Denham of the HMS "Herald", who charted the island in July 1854, and for his son Fleetwood James Denham, who died from a tropical fever at the age of sixteen, and was buried near the beach at the head of Denham Bay, alongside the small number of graves from early settlers on the island. 

</doc>
<doc id="18768851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768851" title="S98">
S98

S98 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18768857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768857" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Digos">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Digos

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Digos (Lat: "Dioecesis Digosensis") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
Erected in 1979, the diocese was created from territory in the Archdiocese of Davao. 
The diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes, and is currently a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Davao.
The current bishop is Guillermo Dela Vega Afable, appointed in 2003. 
The 2 provinces of Davao del Sur and Davao Occidental are under the jurisdiction of this diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="18768871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768871" title="Flatkaka">
Flatkaka

Flatkaka (lit. "flat cake") or "flatbrauð" (lit. "flat bread") is an Icelandic unleavened rye flatbread. "Flatkaka" is soft, round, thin and dark with a characteristic pattern from the pan. Traditionally, "flatkaka" was baked on hot stones or straight on the embers of the fire, later on small but heavy cast iron frying pans, and today, when making "flatkaka" at home, people sometimes bake them directly on an electric hot plate to get the desired result. There usually is a difference between home-made "flatkaka" and the varieties sold in stores, the latter being somewhat thicker and dryer because of added wheat flour.
"Flatkaka" is usually served cut into halves or quarters, with a topping of butter or mutton pâté, with "hangikjöt", smoked salmon or even pickled herring.

</doc>
<doc id="18768875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768875" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Marbel">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Marbel

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Marbel (Lat: "Dioecesis Marbelianus") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
Erected in 1960, as the territorial prelature of Marbel, the prelature was elevated in 1982 to a full diocese. 
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cotabato.
The current bishop is Dinualdo D. Gutierrez, appointed in 1981. 
The Diocese of Marbel comprises the civil provinces of South Cotabato, Sarangani and some parts of Sultan Kudarat. It has a land area of 10,000 square kilometers and a population of 1,094,770, of which 80 per cent are Catholics. Marbel was made a prelature on December 17, 1960. On November 15, 1982 it was elevated into a diocese, remaining a suffragan of the Diocese of Cotabato. Its titular patron is Christ the King, whose feast is celebrated toward the end of November.
South Cotabato occupies the southern portion of what used to be the entire province of Cotabato. This resulted from a political participation of the province into two Cotabatos in 1967. The territory is bounded on the east by Davao del Sur, on the west by what is now Cotabato Province and the Moro Gulf, on the north by Cotabato alone and on the south by the Celebes Sea and Sarangani Bay. Its capital town is Koronadal.
South Cotabato is where the rim of Mt. Parker broke off in September 1995, inundating surrounding areas with mud and water from its interior lake, causing heavy casualties in life and property. It is also where Dole Philippines has over 80 square kilometers of pineapple plantations, and a sister company is involved in the production of Cavendish bananas. The pineapple cannery alone employs thousands of workers and is a major activity of the province. The fishing industry is also extensive from the surrounding waters of Sarangani Bay and the Celebes Sea.
Its mission is integral evangelization: massive education in the faith, contextualized worship, and social apostolate.
The thrust of its program is geared to the building and strengthening of mga gagmay nga Kristohanong katilingban or small Christian communities (BECs) toward integral liberation and development in order to bring about the "New Self," and the "New Earth," thereby glorifying God. 
The Diocese of South Cotabato has 22 parishes and 2 missions attended to by 65 priests. It has 15 religious brothers and 93 religious sisters doing varied works in the community. Among its Catholic institutions are 1 university, 2 colleges, 24 high schools, 34 elementary schools and 9 kindergarten schools. It also has 2 hospitals, 3 homes for dependent children, 1 home for adults, and 8 retreat centers. The total number of BECs has now reached 1,242.
The diocesan pastoral offices include the Commissions on Christian Formation, Social Action, Worship and Liturgy. The diocesan lay associations include those of the Lay Liturgical Leaders, the Lay Liturgists, the Knights of Columbus, the Parish Pastoral Councils, the BCC/GKK Practitioners, the Kriska Alagads, the Catholic Youth Ministry, the Family and Life Ministry, and the Catechists.

</doc>
<doc id="18768889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768889" title="Stan Kielty">
Stan Kielty

Stan Kielty (born July→September 1925 in Castleford — died 31 December ) was an English rugby league footballer. A member of the Halifax Hall of Fame, Stan began his professional career at Wakefield Trinity before signing for Halifax in 1946. He later went on to represent Yorkshire and England, playing at , i.e. number 7.
Kielty holds the record for most games for the Halifax cub which stands at 482 appearances between 1946 and 1958. he played the majority of his career at /, and formed a formidable halves pairing with stand off Ken Dean. On the field the 'Dean and Kielty' duo became renowned as one of the best and most symbiotic creative partnerships in the game, while off the field Stan and Ken remained good friends years after their playing days came to an end. Stan died on New Year's Eve 2008 aged 83.
Playing career.
International honours.
Stan Kielty won caps for England while at Halifax in 1953 against Wales, France, and Other Nationalities.
County Honours.
Stan Kielty won caps for Yorkshire while at Halifax.
Challenge Cup final appearances.
Stan Kielty played , i.e. number 7, in Halifax's 4-4 draw with Warrington in the 1953–54 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 1 May 1954, and the 4-18 defeat in the 1953–54 Challenge Cup final replay at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Wednesday 5 May 1954 in front of a 102,569+ crowd.
Testimonial match.
Stan Kielty's Testimonial match at Halifax took place in 1955.
Honoured at Halifax.
Stan Kielty is a Halifax Hall Of Fame Inductee.
Honoured by Arriva Yorkshire.
Arriva Yorkshire honoured 13 rugby league footballers on Thursday 20 August 2009, at a ceremony at The Jungle, the home of the Castleford Tigers. A fleet of new buses were named after the 'Arriva Yorkshire Rugby League Dream Team'. Members of the public nominated the best ever rugby league footballers to have played in West Yorkshire, supported by local rugby league journalists; James Deighton from BBC Leeds, and Tim Butcher, editor of Rugby League World. The 'Arriva Yorkshire Rugby League Dream Team' is; Trevor Foster MBE, Neil Fox MBE, Albert Goldthorpe, Alan Hardisty, Stan Kielty, Lewis Jones, Roger Millward MBE, Malcolm Reilly, Garry Schofield, Keith Senior, David Topliss, Dave Valentine, and Adrian Vowles.

</doc>
<doc id="18768895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768895" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Kidapawan">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kidapawan

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kidapawan (Lat: "Dioecesis Kidapavanensis") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
The origin of the Diocese of Kidapawan goes back to the first Jesuit missionaries who introduced Christianity in Mindanao in the late 7th century.
The Prelature of Kidapawan was erected on June 12, 1976. Bishop Federico O. Escaler, SJ, was elected first prelate ordinary and took over the prelature on Sept. 6, 1976. In 1980, Bishop Orlando B. Quevedo, OMI, was elected bishop-prelate, and ordained on Oct. 28, 1980 at the Cathedral of Kidapawan, North Cotabato. On Nov. 15, 1982 the Prelature of Kidapawan was elevated to a diocese. Bishop Juan de Dios Pueblos was appointed diocesan bishop on Feb. 3, 1987.
Mindanao was generally peaceful at the time the first settlers from Visayas and Luzon arrived. Natives and Muslims were friendly to the settlers then. Forests, rivers and wild animals were as yet undisturbed. When the logging companies and the settlers later cleared many areas to open up the rice lands, a few rich settlers began the rubber plantations around Kidapawan. Then land-grabbing became a big issue.
In the early 1970s, the Muslim-Christian conflict erupted. This was branded a religious conflict when in fact it was not. It was actually caused by incidents connected to land-grabbing and to unscrupulous politicians organizing armed groups. Many atrocities were committed and many communities destroyed. When martial law was declared in 1972, the National Democratic Front - NPA again made Mindanao a land of conflict.
It was against this background that the Prelature of Kidapawan was born. This was the term of Bishop Federico Escaler, and he lost no time in convening the First Prelature General Assembly of Kidapawan in 1977. This assembly articulated the prelature's thrust then as Education for Justice.
In 1980, Bishop Escaler was transferred to Ipil and Bishop Orlando Quevedo took over the prelature. This was a period of intense growth of the basic ecclesial units with an orientation for justice. Many BEC's became centers of hope and solidarity in the midst of the armed conflict. Most lay leaders became targets and some were killed. Included in this carnage was Father Tullio Favali, PIME. Every year Favali's death anniversary is celebrated as a Day of the Martyrs in the diocese.
The Formation Programs of the diocese cover the areas of Christian formation, lay leadership, family life, youth, vocational school ministry, and mass media. Service programs focus on tribal Filipinos, justice and peace, community-based health programs and social action.
The Social Action Center of the Diocese of Kidapawan has been institutionalized under the name of GKK-Kidapawan Foundation, Inc. It is the vision of the foundation to contribute to the total development of the people in the diocese, so that they may respond to the people's socio-economic needs, based on limited resources. People's cooperatives are now being established, skills and capabilities developed.
In 1992, during the Fourth General Assembly of the Diocese of Kidapawan, the following diocesan goals and thrusts have been approved by the participants:
The building and strengthening of BEC's in the diocese;

</doc>
<doc id="18768896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768896" title="13th Panzergrenadier Division (Bundeswehr)">
13th Panzergrenadier Division (Bundeswehr)

The 13th Panzergrenadier Division ("13. Panzergrenadierdivision") is a mechanized division of the German Army.
Its staff is based at Leipzig. The division is a unit of the German Army's stabilization forces and specialized on conflicts of low intensity and homeland defense.
The division is Germany's permanent contribution to Multinational Corps North East.
History.
This division was formed in 1990 after the German reunification and integrated troops of the former German Democratic Republic's National People's Army into the new unified military of Germany. 
This division has seen action on the Balkans during numerous deployments, including one deployment to Kosovo with division commander Lieutenant General Roland Kather serving as KFOR commanding officer. Troops of this division were also deployed to the support of civilian agencies during large natural disasters such as disastrous floods in 1997. In more recent times, the division has seen intense action against insurgents in northern Afghanistan.
A member of 13th Mech.Inf.Div was awarded his nation's highest decoration for gallantry, the Honour Cross for Bravery on January 22, 2010. Master Sergeant Daniel Seibert led a heroic counterattack against a superior insurgent force in the village of Basoz in Afghanistan's Kunduz Province on June 4, 2009. His actions killed ten Taliban insurgents and saved a jeopardized reconnaissance squad from almost certain destruction.

</doc>
<doc id="18768897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768897" title="Specialty Coffee Association of Indonesia">
Specialty Coffee Association of Indonesia

The Specialty Coffee Association of Indonesia (SCAI) is a trade association that represents farmers, exporters, roasters and retailers of "Coffea arabica" in Indonesia.
Indonesian coffee production.
Indonesia is the fourth largest exporter of coffee in the world, with production of 420,000 metric tons of coffee in 2007. Of this total, 271,000 tons were exported and 148,000 tons were consumed domestically. Of the exports, 25% are "Coffea arabica" and the balance is "Coffea canephora". The specialty coffee market is the best opportunity for growth in Indonesia's coffee industry. In the U.S., specialty coffee has increased its market share from 1% to 20% in the last 25 years.
Activities of SCAI.
SCAI members export 45% of Indonesia’s Arabica coffee. The value of this coffee is more than $65 million, based on an average Free On Board price for Indonesia specialty coffee of $3,200 per metric ton. More than 8,000 Indonesian farmers have joined SCAI through their cooperatives. Coffee retailers who are members of SCAI are active in barista championships, as judges and participants.
Arabica coffee from Indonesia has been an integral part of many coffee blends for hundreds of years. Mocha Java, which is a blend of Yemeni and Indonesian coffee, was developed in the 18th century. However, unscrupulous dealers are blending Indonesian coffee with lower priced coffee from other origins, confusing the marketplace. SCAI is ending this practice by supporting the creation of geographical indications for Indonesia’s Arabica coffee origins.
SCAI is also working with companies from other countries to improve the quality of Indonesia’s specialty coffee. In July, 2008, SCAI hosted the Director of the Coffee Quality Institute (CQI), who provided training on quality certification of coffee. SCAI actively collaborates with key institutions in the coffee industry. In May, 2008, SCAI signed a Letter of understanding with the International Relations Council of the Specialty Coffee Association of America.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18768905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768905" title="Gabas, Pyrénées-Atlantiques">
Gabas, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Gabas is a hamlet in the valley of the Gave d'Ossau in the French Pyrenees. It is located where that river is formed by the confluence of two mountain streams, the Gave de Bious and the Gave du Brousset, which flow respectively from the western and eastern sides of the Pic du Midi d'Ossau.
The hamlet is on the D934 road that runs from Pau to Spain, via the Col du Pourtalet, at the point where it is crossed by the GR10 long distance footpath that runs the length of the Pyrenees. Because of this location, Gabas has become a tourist gateway with an importance beyond its size. It is the site of an information centre of the Pyrenees National Park, a mountain ecology centre, a mountain refuge and several hotels.
Politically, Gabas forms part of the "commune" of Laruns in the "département" of Pyrénées-Atlantiques. The actual village of Laruns is some to the north of Gabas on the D934.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="18768909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768909" title="Kees van der Ven">
Kees van der Ven

Kees van der Ven is a Dutch former professional motocross racer and team manager.
Van der Ven was one of the top competitors in the F.I.M. motocross world championships in the 1980s, winning 17 Grand Prix motocross races in the 125cc, 250cc and 500cc classes. A specialist on sand tracks, he was a five-time winner of the Le Touquet beach race. He placed in the top three in the 250cc motocross world championship for four consecutive years between 1980 and 1983. In 1984 he switched to the 125 class and finished in third place, and in 1987 he finished in third place in the 500 class. He rode most of his career for the KTM factory. After his riding career ended, he became a successful team manager for KTM, winning the 2000 125 world championship with Grant Langston as his rider.

</doc>
<doc id="18768919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768919" title="Philomène Grandin">
Philomène Grandin

Philomène Grandin (born 23 September 1974 in Stockholm) is a Swedish actress and television host. She is the daughter of Izzy Young, the folk music expert. She works at theatres and participates in TV series. She's married to the musician Lars Demian.
She studied at the Ecole Int. de theatre Jaques Lecoq, Paris 1992–94. Grandin has since performed in many Swedish films, television programmes and theatre productions. She hosted the children's television show Philofix in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18768920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768920" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Maasin">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Maasin

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Maasin (Lat: "Dioecesis Maasinensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
Erected in 1968, the diocese was created from territory in the Archdiocese of Palo.
The diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes, and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cebu.
The current bishop is Precioso D. Cantillas, appointed in 1998.
History.
On August 14, 1968, the Diocese of Maasin was canonically erected through a papal decree issued March 23, 1968. In June of the same year, the Most Reverend Vicente T. Ataviado, D.D. who was up to then a parish priest of Masbate, Masbate, was appointed as its first bishop. He was consecrated on August 8, 1968, and installed as the First Bishop of Maasin on August 14 at Our Lady of Assumption Parish Church in Maasin, the capital of Southern Leyte.
From 1595 to 1910, the area which now comprises the Diocese of Maasin belonged to the diocese of Cebu. From 1910 to 1937 it belonged to the Diocese of Calbayog. From 1937 to 1968 it came under the jurisdiction of the Diocesan of Palo in Leyte. Today it is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cebu.
The diocese comprises the entire province of Southern Leyte, and the towns of Matalom, Bato, Hilongos, Hindang, Inopacan and Baybay in the province of Leyte, with the Maasin Parish Cathedral as the seat of the diocese. Distributed within its 2,505 square kilometers of land are 38 parishes and 1 quasi-parish. To facilitate administration these parishes have been grouped under 6 vicariates.
The province of Southern Leyte is located in the southeastern portion of the island of Leyte. And the small island of Limasawa off its southern coast is historically significant as the place where Magellan landed, after having sailed from the island of Homonhon in Samar, to celebrate the first Catholic mass in the Philippines. The chieftain of Limasawa, Kolambu and his men, with Magellan and his men, attended that first mass celebrated by Father Pedro Valderrama. Until 1960, the island of Limasawa belonged to the island province of Leyte.
Leyte and Samar were once considered one single political unit by the Spanish government, falling under the administration of the government of Cebu. They were separated from Cebu in 1735 but still remained as a single province until 1768, when they were finally split into two provinces, with Tacloban as the capital of the entire island province of Leyte. In 1960 Southern Leyte was made a separate province with Maasin as its capital.
The population of Southern Leyte is made up mostly of Cebuano-speaking people because of its closeness, geographically, to Cebu and Bohol. This population has now reached a total of 558,804, of which 90 per cent are Catholics.
In recent years, awareness of their potent role in the local church has been perceived among the lay faithful – a result of diocesan programs designed to awaken the "sleeping giant" in the church. There has been a marked increase in the number of lay ministers to assist priests in every parish, as there has been in the number of volunteer catechists.
The Diocese of Maasin today has started to focus on the vision of the Second Plenary Council of the Philippines. Apart from the usual ministerial and sacramental functions, the clergy has succeeded to penetrate the people's conscience with concern for other issues, such as reforestation, among others.
The Social Action Center has generously offered help in livelihood projects to those who do not have the necessary capital. This has been successful in the abaca business enterprise. The Center is now in the process of opening up more opportunities for more livelihood projects.
The Commission on Youth is helping in the formation of the youth in all the parishes of the diocese through youth encounters and leadership training. It has organized three diocesan summer youth camps between 1993 and 1995, attended by more than a thousand delegates.
In 1993 the Diocese of Maasin marked its 25th anniversary as a diocese. The theme of the celebration set the direction which the diocese will follow in the next decade: "RENEWAL: the challenge of the faithful in the Diocese of Maasin."
Thus the vision that was planted and took root when Father Pedro Valderrama celebrated the first mass in the Philippines on March 21, 1521, has borne new fruit. Aside from the prospects of renewal for the entire diocese, the Chaplaincy of Limasawa was raised to that of a parish – the Holy Cross and First Mass of Limasawa Parish, on March 29, 1994, more than four centuries later.

</doc>
<doc id="18768921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768921" title="Hydrolethalus syndrome">
Hydrolethalus syndrome

Hydrolethalus syndrome (less commonly referred to as Salonen-Herva-Norio syndrome) is a rare genetic disorder that causes improper fetal development, resulting in birth defects and often stillbirth.
It is associated with HYLS1 mutations.
Symptoms.
Hydrolethalus syndrome can cause heart and brain defects, a cleft lip or palate, an abnormally shaped nose or jaw, or incomplete lung development. These defects are typically serious enough to cause stillbirth or death within a few days of birth.

</doc>
<doc id="18768922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768922" title="L'Esperance Rock">
L'Esperance Rock

L'Esperance Rock, formerly French Rock, is the southernmost islet in the Kermadec Islands, to the north of New Zealand. It is south of Curtis Island and northeast of East Cape on New Zealand's North Island at . The smaller L'Havre Rock lies to the north-west of L'Esperance; it is a reef that barely reaches the surface. L'Esperance Rock is in diameter with an area of . It rises to a height of .
Important Bird Area.
The island forms part of the Kermadec Islands Important Bird Area, identified as such by BirdLife International because it is an important site for nesting seabirds. It is the site of a substantial breeding colony of Grey Noddies. Masked Boobies have also been recorded breeding there.

</doc>
<doc id="18768925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768925" title="Paramore discography">
Paramore discography

The discography of Paramore, an American rock band, consists of four studio albums, three extended plays, two live albums, fourteen singles, one video album, and fourteen music videos. The band was formed in Franklin, Tennessee, in 2004 by lead vocalist Hayley Williams with bassist Jeremy Davis, guitarist Josh Farro, drummer Zac Farro and rhythm guitarist Taylor York. In 2005, Paramore signed with the New York City-based Fueled by Ramen and released their debut album entitled "All We Know Is Falling". Three singles were released from the album, but none of them charted. The album did not chart in the "Billboard" 200 either, although it peaked at number thirty in the "Billboard" Top Heatseekers. "All We Know Is Falling" also received a Gold certification in the United Kingdom.
The band's breakthrough album came in 2007 with "Riot!". After its release in June, the album peaked at number fifteen on the "Billboard" 200 album chart and received multiple certifications all over the world, including a Platinum in the United States. The lead single, "Misery Business", became their first charting single in the "Billboard" Hot 100 and certified single. Paramore contributed to the "Twilight" film soundtrack in 2008 recording of two original songs, including the single "Decode". In 2009, the band released their third studio album "Brand New Eyes", which debuted and peaked at number two in the United States and became a number one album in several countries, including Australia and the United Kingdom. The album has produced five singles, including the lead "Ignorance" and the acoustic "The Only Exception", and received Gold certifications in numerous countries. In 2013, the band released their fourth album "Paramore", which peaked at number one in many countries.

</doc>
<doc id="18768935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768935" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Dumaguete">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dumaguete

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Dumaguete (Lat: "Dioecesis Dumaguete") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
Erected in 1955, the diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes, and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cebu. The diocese covers the province of Negros Oriental, excluding the municipalities of La Libertad, Guihulngan, Vallehermoso and Canlaon City in Negros Oriental, and the island-province of Siquijor.

</doc>
<doc id="18768945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768945" title="Samuel Myerscough">
Samuel Myerscough

Samuel Myerscough (1854-1932) was an acclaimed musician(organist), teacher and examiner. He was a Fellow of the Royal College of Organists and a Fellow of Trinity College London.
Samuel Myerscough was born in 1854 in Rochdale, Lancashire, England, a gifted musician, he was awarded the Royal College of Organists Medal in 1873.
He was appointed as assistant organist at Manchester Cathedral and the family moved there, he was a convert to Catholicism in 1899 accepted into the church by Fr. Bernard Vaughan S.J., gave up his job at the Cathedral and Dublin where he taught music in Loretto Abbey Rathfarnham. The first son of Samuel and Mary Myerscough was born in Rochdale on 2 April 1879, called Samuel Sebastian Myerscough(1879-1954) and also a gifted musician and attained a Bachelor of Music at Oxford, became a Jesuit Priest, training at Oscott College Birmingham. His Daughter Alice Myerscough was also music teacher. The Myerscough family lived in 3 Fontenoy Terrace, Bray, Co Wicklow.
In 1904 he founded the Leinster School of Music & Drama The Musical Herald of 1 July 1909 wrote at length of Mr Myerscough‘s prominence in Irish musical life:
"The work by which Mr. Myerscough will be best remembered is the Leinster School of Music, of which he is the founder and inspiring force. ... Pupils came from as far north as Enniskillen, southwards from Waterford, and across from Galway."
He is listed as a member The Musical Association as "Myerscough, S., Esq., B.Mns. Oxon., F.R.C.O. (Liverpool)".
Professor Samuel Myerscough, Mus. Bac. Oxon, F.R.C.O., F.T.C. died 28 March 1932 aged 78 years and is buried in Deans Grange Cemetery, Co Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="18768946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768946" title="Philemon McCarthy">
Philemon McCarthy

Philemon Tei McCarthy (born 14 August 1989 in Ada- Korluedor) is a Ghanaian football goalkeeper. He currently plays for Accra Hearts of Oak Sporting Club.
Career.
He began his career with Golden Boys before joining the Feyenoord Academy in 2005. In 2008, McCarthy left Feyenoord Academy to join Accra Hearts of Oak SC. He was a key member of the Accra Hearts of Oak team that won the league in the 2008/9 season. McCarthy is in his second spell with the Club but he has been afflicted with niggling injuries since his return. He was the stand out player in the Asante Kotoko versus Hearts of Oak game in Kumasi on the 15th April, 2012. He dislocated his finger after a terrific save in the game and he was not able to continue. His team lost the game 2-1 to their rivals after his substitutions.
International career.
He is currently standby from Ghana and holds two national caps for Ghana. McCarthy was player in the squad for the African Nations Cup 2006, and return for the 2010 African Cup of Nations.
Philemon McCarthy was the number goalkeeper for the local Black Stars when they won silver in the first edition of the African Nations Championship(CHAN) hosted by Ivory Coast in 2009.
Goalkeeper Philemon McCarthy was the hero for the Ghanaian side as his save of Djilabodji Papy’s paved the way for victory, which was made possible after Kwadwo Poku converted his kick
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18768953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768953" title="Franz Georg Benkert">
Franz Georg Benkert

Franz Georg Benkert (25 September 1790 – 20 May 1859) was a German Roman Catholic theologian and historical writer.
Life.
Benkert was born at Nordheim, near the mountain district of Rhön, Germany. After finishing his studies at the gymnasium in Münnerstadt he studied theology at Würzburg and was ordained priest in 1816. He was first a curate at Gaurettersheim and in 1821, was made vice-principal of the theological seminary at Würzburg. 
While holding these positions Benkert continued his studies. In 1823 he received a doctorate, having offered the dissertation: "De Duplici Missâ Catechumenorum et Fidelium". From 1823 to 1838 he had the position of principal and in 1838 he was made a cathedral canon and cathedral dean.
He opposed the contemporary Josephinism, and sought to reawaken in the younger clergy an interest in the old theological schools. 
In 1822 he founded a periodical, to increase the influence of his efforts and also to win over the older ecclesiastics. A self-righteous campaigner, he made many enemies, especially among the older clergy. He therefore severed his connection with his periodicals in 1840, and devoted himself to the study of the history of his native district. He died at Coburg.
Works.
The periodical "Der Religionsfreund für Katholiken mit Beiträgen religiös gesinnter Manner" appeared in six volumes, 1822-26. It attracted much attention and was copied in France in the "Ami de la Religion". 
In connection with G. J. Saffenrevter he issued, 1828–40, a continuation of this, his first, periodical, entitled: "Allgemeiner Religions- und Kirchenfreund und Kirchenkorrespondent, eine theologische und kirchenhistorische Zeitschrift". At the same time he published, 1828–34, a periodical entitled "Athanasia, eine theologische Zeitschrift, besonders für die gesamte Pastoral, für Kirchengeschichte, auch für Pädagogik". This appeared in sixteen volumes. He continued the same publication from 1835 to 1840 in connection with J. M. Düx. 
His historical writings have only a local interest. A larger and more important work which he undertook on the Rhön was never completed.

</doc>
<doc id="18768954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768954" title="Reinholds Robots">
Reinholds Robots

Reinholds Robots (born January 10 1912) was a Latvian footballer.
Robots made a single international appearance, aged 19 years old, in a friendly match against Finland in Helsinki; Latvia were defeated 0-4 and received criticism in the Latvian press. He was not selected for the national team again but played Latvian team football throughout the 1930s.
In 1931, Robots joined JKS Riga, a team which gained promotion to the Virsliga, (Latvia's highest football league), after the 1931 season. He left JKS Riga in early 1934 to join the V.Ķuze team, which in 1936 also gained promotion to the Virsliga. However, he left Ķuze just before the start of the 1936 season and joined a lower league team, LAS Riga, with which he played until the end of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18768956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768956" title="Pitt Strait">
Pitt Strait

Pitt Strait is a channel, wide, separating Chatham Island and Pitt Island, the two largest islands in New Zealand's Chatham Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="18768962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768962" title="Renata Ribeiro">
Renata Ribeiro

Renata Ribeiro (born December 7, 1981) is a Brazilian female beach volleyball player.
Ribeiro and team mate Talita Antunes represented Brazil at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.
She is married to former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion Maurício Rua

</doc>
<doc id="18768963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768963" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Romblon">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Romblon

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Romblon (Lat: "Dioecesis Rombloniesis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
Erected in 1974, the diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes, and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Capiz. the diocese had no bishop (sede vacante). 

</doc>
<doc id="18768974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768974" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Kalibo">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kalibo

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kalibo is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
Erected in 1976, the diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes, and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Capiz.
The current bishop is Jose Corazon Tala-oc, appointed in May 2011 by Pope Benedict XVI. 

</doc>
<doc id="18768992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18768992" title="Ein Kerem Agricultural School">
Ein Kerem Agricultural School

Ein Kerem Agricultural School (, "Beit HaSefer HaHakla'i Ein Kerem"), also known as the Ein Kerem Community Environmental School (, "Beit HaSefer HaKehilati Svivati Ein Kerem") is a school and village in central Israel. Located near Ein Kerem, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 158.
The village was established after the foundation of a learning farm by Rachel Yanait Ben-Zvi (wife of President Yitzhak Ben-Zvi) in 1952 .

</doc>
<doc id="18769007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769007" title="Graily Hewitt">
Graily Hewitt

William Graily Hewit or Graily Hewitt (1864–1952) was a British novelist and calligrapher, second only to Edward Johnston in importance to the revival of calligraphy in the country at the turn of the twentieth century.
Hewitt was educated at Westminster School and Trinity College, Cambridge. First training as a lawyer, he interrupted his career to write a novel and a volume of short stories. He later attended Edward Johnston's* evening classes at the Central School of Arts and Crafts and quickly became a teacher there, and at the Camberwell School of Art, taking up Johnston's previous work. Hewitt remained at the Central School until the 1920s and 1930s, publishing together with Johnston throughout the early part of the century and working with a series of other illuminators over the decades.
Hewitt was central to the revival of gilding in calligraphy, and his prolific output on type design also appeared between 1915 and 1943 . His contributions to "Writing, illuminating and Lettering" and his guide "Lettering for Students & Craftsmen (1930)" are considered particularly crucial to the revival of gilding. He is attributed with the revival of gilding with gesso and gold leaf on vellum. Elements of Hewitt's work are included in a variety of manuscript books. He was one of the initiators of the Society of Scribes and Illuminators, in 1921.
Hewitt sought to link calligraphy and type design, arguing that type should represent creations of pen. The Treyford Type, employed for The Pen and Type Design, was a design of Hewitt's. He also created a series of initials for St. John Hornby's Ashendene Press, during the long period 1902 to 1935. He continued calligraphy up to his death on 22 December 1952 aged 88.
His work is kept in the Victoria and Albert Museum's collection.

</doc>
<doc id="18769019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769019" title="Gender of God in Christianity">
Gender of God in Christianity

God has traditionally been described using masculine terms in Christian scripture and theology. While this has sometimes given rise to the idea that Christians consider God to be male, the majority of Christian denominations (with the notable exception of Mormonism) accept a God who transcends gender.
Grammatical gender in the Bible.
The first words of the Old Testament are "B'reshit bara Elohim" — "In the beginning God created." The verb "bara" (he created) agrees with a subject with masculine grammatical gender. "Elohim" also has masculine grammatical gender. The masculine gender in Hebrew can be used for objects with no inherent gender, as well as objects with masculine natural gender.
Two of most common phrases in the Tanakh are "vayomer Elohim" and "vayomer YHWH" — "and God said". Again, the verb "vayomer" (he said) is masculine; it is never "vatomer", the feminine of the same verb form. The personal name of God, "YHWH", is presented in Exodus 3 as if the "Y" (Hebrew "yod") is the masculine subjective prefix to the verb "to be".
In Psalms 89:26 God is referred to as Father.
"He shall cry unto me, Thou art my Father, My God, and the rock of my salvation."
Some literary approaches to the Old Testament have argued that parallels between Biblical stories and earlier Sumerian, Akkadian and Canaanite creation myths show a matriarchal substratum that has been overlaid by a patriarchal approach. "In the Bible, the earth is the feminine complement of God: the two combined to form man, who articulates their relationship, for example, in sacrifice."
The New Testament also refers to the Holy Spirit in masculine terminology, most clearly in the Gospel of John 14-16.
Gender of the Holy Spirit.
The Holy Spirit has variously been considered masculine, feminine, and non-gendered.
Denominational views.
Roman Catholic Church.
The Catechism of the Catholic Church (CCC) #239 states, in reference to the Father: "God transcends the human distinction between the sexes. He is neither man nor woman: he is God." The CCC discusses the traditional imagery and language of God as Father. It notes, however, that God is not limited to this role alone—maternal imagery are also used in the Bible. It also notes that human fatherhood only imperfectly reflects God's archetypal fatherhood.
God is referred to as masculine in Catholic teaching and practice.
Though Church teaching, in line with its Doctors, holds that God has no literal sex because he has no body (a prerequisite of sex), classical and scriptural understanding states that God should be referred to (in most contexts) as masculine by analogy. It justifies this by pointing to God's relationship with the world as begetter of the world and revelation (i.e. analogous to an active instead of feminine receptive role in sexual intercourse).
National Council of Churches.
The Inclusive Language Lectionary published by the American National Council of Churches, to which many Protestant churches belong, states in its introduction "The God worshiped by the biblical authors and worshiped in the Church today cannot be regarded as having gender, race, or color."
LDS Church.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) differs from most churches in that they believe that the Father, the Son and the Spirit are separate and male as well as masculine. The LDS Church also teaches that God the Father is married to a divine woman, referred to as "Heavenly Mother." Humans are considered to be spirit children of these heavenly parents.
Inclusive language.
A common source of confusion on this issue is the continued use of masculine language to describe God by many Christian groups. Such language does not necessarily imply a belief in the masculinity of God, although it is sometimes taken as such. For example the Catholic Church continues to describe God using masculine terms, in spite of the clear doctrinal statement that God "transcends gender". For most groups this language is traditional, though it also reflects a belief that some gender-neutral language (such as referring to God as "it") does not adequately reflect the personhood of God. Devices such as invented gender-neutral terms and alternating masculine/feminine terms are seen as clumsy.
Many churches have however adopted inclusive language in the description of God. In recent history, many liberal and mainline Protestant denominations have adopted or encouraged the use of inclusive language (such as both feminine and masculine language, or non-gendered language) when referring to God; these include the United Church of Christ, the Evangelical Lutheran Church of America and the Metropolitan Community Church.
United Church of Christ.
The New Century Hymnal, the hymnal of the United Church of Christ (UCC), uses inclusive language; one of its concerns while being authored was reducing the solely-masculine use of language for God, and/or balancing masculine images with feminine and non-gendered images, while retaining masculine imagery for Jesus regarding his earthly life.
At least two UCC conferences (Massachusetts and Ohio) have adopted guidelines for using inclusive language, and the majority of clergy and laity in the UCC report using inclusive language when referring to God during worship.
Metropolitan Community Church.
The Metropolitan Community Church encourages inclusive language and uses "God - our Parent-Creator", "Jesus Christ the only begotten son of God", and "the Holy Spirit" in its Statement of Faith to refer to the three persons of the Trinity.

</doc>
<doc id="18769024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769024" title="Poornitha">
Poornitha

Poornitha (born 23 November 1990 as Kalyani) is a South Indian actress.
Career.
She started acting as a child in a number of television series and rose to fame with her first major role in "Alli Thandha Vaanam", a film of the Tamil cinema. She later starred in many films as a child artist and went on to appear as Raadhika Sarathkumar's Teenage Daughter Surya in Sun TV's Annamalai.
She changed her name as "Poornitha" and acted in Marandhen Meimarandhen which was her first full fledged heroine, then "Prathi Gnayiru 9.30 to 10.00" and went on to act in Malayalam and Telugu films as well. She was also the anchor of Vijay TV Super Mom. After entering Vijay TV, she has changed her name to her original name "Kalyani". She was on a television series called Pirivom Santhipom & Pirivom Santhipom Season 2 on Vijay TV. Currently she is on a television series called Thayumanavan also on Vijay TV. She is the anchor of Super Singer Junior on Vijay TV and Beach Girls on Raj TV.

</doc>
<doc id="18769044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769044" title="Zip 'n Zoo">
Zip 'n Zoo

Zip 'n Zoo is a 2008 film directed by Bruce Robertson, starring John Hannah, Simone Lahbib and Remy Bennett. The name of the film is derived from the sound of casting during fly-fishing.
Plot.
Fly-fishing expert, prize-fiddle player and local school teacher Tom (John Hannah) and his wife Marion (Simone Lahbib) share an idyllic life in the Highlands, with only a baby to wish for. When 19 year old New Yorker Natalie (Remy Bennett) arrives in town claiming to be Tom’s daughter, the village get more than the odd tune to entertain them. Real life, families and what it means to belong.
Production.
"Zip 'n Zoo" was filmed in the landscape of Assynt in Sutherland, north west Scotland. The mountains of Quinag, Canisp, Suilven, Cùl Mòr, Stac Pollaidh and Ben More Assynt provide the backdrop for the opening sequence. The sequences in the shop, pub and school were filmed in the village of Drumbeg, and the fishing scenes on Loch Drumbeg. Sequences were also filmed in the nearby village of Culkein Drumbeg. The scenes in Durness are Loch Croispol Bookshop and The John Lennon Memorial Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="18769053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769053" title="Nigel Hallett">
Nigel Hallett

Nigel Charles Hallett born in Bridgetown, Western Australia is the member of the Western Australian Legislative Council representing the South West Region. Elected to Parliament in the 2005 state election he is a member of the Liberal Party.
Hallett completed his early education in Bridgetown but completed high school education at Hampton Senior High School in Perth.
He is married to Susan Hallett, they have two sons; Ian and Michael.

</doc>
<doc id="18769054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769054" title="Carlos Oroza">
Carlos Oroza

Carlos Oroza is a Spanish poet who was born in Viveiro – Spain May 13, 1933.
"Style".
He is known mainly for the interpretation and performance of his own work. Such work is rare and composed of free verses with a great preponderance of strength and rhythm. Oroza is upon all a great reciter. His poetry is, as music, mainly to be heard because Oroza is a lover of orality, " 'the loudness of the words' " as he says. He considers books a " 'cemetery of signs' ". He is also considered a wicked poet and an alchemyst.
In the 1960s when he was living in Madrid, he became famous in the literary-poetic environment of the Café Gijón ( :es:Café Gijón )
, oasis of national coexistence, culture and contra cultural movements during Franco’s dictatorship.
At that time he founded, along with Victor Lizarraga and Victoria Paniagua, the Tropos magazine and participated in infinite jazz-poetry recitals.
He was living in Madrid, Ibiza and the U.S., where he was awarded with the International Underground Poetry award of New York and, incognito, he came back to his own land in 1985.
Oroza’s poetry is often considered in form and content attached to the Beat Generation though he never belonged to any movement.
Carlos Oroza, acratic and poet, walks by Vigo like a walking contraculture symbol. " 'What strange beings... those who are normal!' ", he reflects aloud. Oroza has been living in Vigo for more than a pair of decades, after discovering the light of the city and deciding to include Vigo in his permanent vital exodus.
He follows single and free to the last signs of consumism. He says that he lives as a poet: " 'I believe in the world like a paradise, not like a sacrifice' ".
Oroza is a legendary name in the literary circles in spite of his isolation. He has a lots of followers. Marginal People, rock’s people and all that stuff, who does not really read poetry habitually uses to go to his recitals. About his mystical performances two things: " 'Words dream I name them" ', " 'Poetry is singing more than any other thing and, those who listen to it, find the scent of the tribe' ". He said too that his work " 'is the one of a Nordic poet, that covets the distant thing, the light. Not only the light of the sun, but also the light of thinking' ".
About promote himself he says: " 'I feel like a monkey in a cage' ".
A time ago, Oroza appeared between the eight last Bohemian writers of Spain, but in his opinion this is " 'pure literature' ".
In 2008, the Spanish ex-Minister of Culture, Cesar Antonio Molina ( :es:César Antonio Molina ), who was also the director of Cervantes Institute and responsible for delivering the Laxeiro ( :es:Laxeiro ) Award 2008 which grants the Foundation Laxeiro to the poet. Cesar Antonio Molina, who is also a writer and an admirer of the work of the poet, was moreover responsible for writing the prologue of the book "En el norte hay un mar que es más alto que el cielo". According to Cesar Antonio Molina " 'nobody knows Oroza's address because that would be like knowing the whereabouts of the wind or the one of the breeze' ".
"Work".
"Published poems".
ISBN 84-8457-245-5
"Video Poems".
Caballum (April 2002) RTVG Production
Elencar (2008)
"Honours and awards".
New York Underground Poetry award
Fundación Laxeiro Award 2008
Miscellany.
His recently lost friend, Francisco Umbral said that " 'Oroza is the only one who has returned Poetry to its sacred and violent origin. He was the wicked poet of the Café Gijón in Madrid, the Bohemian of the 1960s, the man who rose against Vietnam's War , short books and snobs with espadrille panties. He had a profile of Cesar Vallejo and another one of Dante Alighieri. Today already we know that, with his wordish and unique poetry, he has stayed as a slippery myth of 1968' ". Umbral still remembered Oroza’s facet of " 'a malicious and inspired ácrata ( :es:ácrata ) " when the Café Gijón " 'was his trench' " and " 'he lived single, he slept in a crunchy newspapers bed and took his poems a walk by the Great Gran Via'."
According to Umbral Oroza is " 'an anticlassic one' ", " 'a great poet who has saved himself from the official poetry. And soon it is his prodigious way to say verses' ". " 'Oroza is the only one that has given back the poetry to its sacred and violent origin of creation, blasphemy, sonorous and scorching light, of male salmody and loose, single, lost, reflective word. A rapsodian, an aeda andean, but making chips the Greek lyre' ".

</doc>
<doc id="18769055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769055" title="John Boye">
John Boye

John Boye (born 23 April 1987 in Accra) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a defender and midfielder for Ligue 1 club Rennes, and the Ghana national team.
Club career.
Early career.
Boye began his career with Schwepps' youth academy, where he played alongside Mohammed Iddi, he then later went on to play at Pro Consult Sports Academy and Miracle FC.
Heart of Lions and Rennes (loan).
Boye moved to Stade Rennais (Rennes) on 29 July 2008 after a two-week trial, he first arrived at Rennes on loan on 1 September 2008 from Ghana Premier League club Heart of Lions with an option to buy, and returned to Heart of Lions on 30 June 2009.
Boye had long been a target for Rennes, but an early attempt from Rennes to sign him in 2009 broke down when it was claimed that he had already signed a deal with the Israeli club, Hapoel Petach Tikva.
Rennes.
In July 2009, the situation had been wrapped up by Heart of Lions, allowing Rennes to complete the move before the summer transfer window 2009 deadline, he signed a contract on 10 July 2009, completing his move from his former club Heart of Lions to Stade Rennais.
International career.
On 17 June 2008, Boye was called up for the Ghana Black Stars, his debut was on 22 June 2008 against Gabon. Boye was included in the Ghana national team's 23-man squad for the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations in January 2012 and he made his tournament debut in the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations match against Botswana on 24 January 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18769057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769057" title="UCL Partners">
UCL Partners

UCL Partners is an academic health science centre located in London, United Kingdom. It is the largest academic health science centre in the world, treats more than 1.5 million patients each year, has a combined annual turnover of around £2 billion and includes around 3,500 scientists, senior researchers and consultants.
The members of UCL Partners are: Barts Health NHS Trust, Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children NHS Trust, Moorfields Eye Hospital NHS Foundation Trust, Queen Mary, University of London, Royal Free London NHS Foundation Trust, University College London (UCL) and University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust. 
History.
In July 2007 the then Health Minister Lord Darzi recommended the establishment of a number of academic health science centres in the UK. 
Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children NHS Trust, Moorfields Eye Hospital NHS Foundation Trust, Royal Free Hampstead NHS Trust (now Royal Free London NHS Foundation Trust), UCL and University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust announced their intention to form UCL Partners in August 2008. In February 2009 Professor Sir Cyril Chantler was appointed as the first Chair of UCL Partners and it was officially designated as one of the UK’s first academic health science centres by the UK Department of Health in March 2009. 
Key strategic appointments were made in summer 2009, including Professor David Fish as Managing Director and seven Programme Directors. An alliance between UCL, UCL Partners, Yale University and Yale-New Haven Hospital was announced in October 2009. The UCL Partners academic strategy and key research priorities were agreed in November 2009. In October 2011 it was reported that Barts and The London NHS Trust and Queen Mary, University of London had agreed to join UCL Partners, making it the largest academic health science centre in the world.
Barking, Havering and Redbridge University Hospitals NHS Trust agreed to join UCL Partners in April 2012.
Organisation.
The governing body of UCL Partners is UCL Partners Ltd, a company limited by guaranteed. The governance arrangements consist of: 
Research.
According to the independent Thomson ISI Essential Science Indicators, which assesses organisations according to the number of highly cited publications produced, UCL Partners is ranked: first in the world for research into ophthalmology; second in the world (and first in Europe) for neuroscience; first in Europe for clinical medicine; and second in Europe for immunology.
UCL Partners’ research priorities are divided into eleven key programme areas:

</doc>
<doc id="18769060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769060" title="Johnny B">
Johnny B

Johnny B may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18769063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769063" title="Thomas Dorman">
Thomas Dorman

Thomas Dorman (b. at Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, England, date uncertain; d. at Tournai, 1572 or 1577) was an English Catholic theologian.
Life.
He received his early education through his uncle, Thomas Dorman of Agmondesham (now Amersham), Buckinghamshire. His master at Berkhampstead was Richard Reeve, a noted Protestant schoolmaster. He was also known to Thomas Harding, the Catholic scholar, then professor of Hebrew at Oxford, who took great interest in the boy and sent him to Winchester School in 1547. From Winchester Dorman went to New College, Oxford, of which Harding was a fellow, and here he was elected a probationer fellow.
Under Mary of England he was appointed fellow of All Souls College (1554) and on 9 July 1558, took the degree B.C.L. A year or two after Elizabeth I of England's accession, finding that he could not live in England without conforming to the Church of England, he gave up his fellowship and his patrimony and went to Antwerp, where he met Harding who was also in exile. Harding persuaded him to resume his studies, and Dorman accordingly went to the Catholic University of Leuven and devoted himself to the study of theology.
In 1565 he became B.D. in the University of Douai and finally received the doctorate there. During this period he engaged in controversy with the Anglican divines, John Jewel, Bishop of Salisbury, and Alexander Nowell, Dean of St. Paul's. In 1569, at the invitation of Cardinal William Allen, he joined the newly founded English College at Douai which he assisted both by his services and his private means. He died at Tournai where he had been given an important benefice.
Works.
His works are:

</doc>
<doc id="18769075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769075" title="Mohammed Sannie">
Mohammed Sannie

Mohammed Sannie (born 27 June 1986) is a Ghanaian football goalkeeper currently playing at Asante Kotoko.
Career.
Sannie began his career 2004 in the OneTouch Premier League with Hearts of Oak and replaces Sammy Adjei.
On 22 November 2008 leave Hearts of Oak and moved to Asante Kotoko.
International.
Sannie played his one and only game for the Black Stars in 2005 at CAF Confederations Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18769084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769084" title="Society of Archers">
Society of Archers

The Society of Archers is an English archery organisation that was formed on Sunday 14 May 1673.
The purpose of the Society is to continue the annual Antient Scorton Silver Arrow tournament and preserve details of its entrants and winners. The Society was formed immediately following the first Antient Scorton Silver Arrow tournament.
Membership is obtained by entering the tournament and agreeing to abide by its rules. Entry to the tournament is restricted to men aged 21 years or over.

</doc>
<doc id="18769096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769096" title="Beneath Still Waters">
Beneath Still Waters

Beneath Still Waters is a 2005 horror film, it was directed by Brian Yuzna and stars Michael McKell, Raquel Meroño and Charlotte Salt.
Plot.
Studying under a disciple of Aleister Crowley, the leader of an upper class group invokes a supernatural force that slowly devours the village of Marienbad and its inhabitants, threatening to spread beyond its geographical limits. The mayor from the town nearby commissions the building of a dam which would flood the valley and therefore submerge the village forever sealing the evil force under water after leader and his followers were incapacitated to be kept from escaping. However, fate ensured the leader's freedom as he remained in the depths when the waters covered Marienbad. Now 40 years later an array of disappearances and deaths in mysterious circumstances are threatening the town next to the reservoir that now covers Marienbad.
Production.
It was produced in Catalonia. The film is the ninth and last film to be produced by Filmax's "Fantastic Factory" label. It's based on the novel "Beneath Still Waters" by Matthew J. Costello.
Release.
The film premiered on 24 October 2005 as part of the San Sebastián Horror and Fantasy Film Festival, followed with Spain theatrical release on 26 May 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18769100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769100" title="List of Horrid Henry characters">
List of Horrid Henry characters

The following is a list of characters that appear in the British series of children's books, "Horrid Henry", written by Francesca Simon. It also includes names from the CITV TV series of the same name.
A.
Aerobic Al.
Aerobic Al is a boy who is very sporty. He has blonde hair and is shown to be one of Henry's close friends. He bought Dad's tennis racquet in "Horrid Henry Gets Rich Quick". He is often seen with Ralph and Bert. In the TV series, he talks with a Birmingham accent and is voiced by Wayne Forester.
Aerobic Al's dad.
Aerobic Al's dad comes to some school events.
Angry Anna.
Angry Anna once babysat Horrid Henry but didn't come back because of the way Henry behaved. She ran screaming from the house and Henry's parents had to come home early. She is only mentioned in "Horrid Henry and the Bogey Babysitter".
she is also very angry
Anxious Andrew.
Anxious Andrew is a very nervous character who always worries about unnecessary things. His best friend is Weepy William. He attends Ashton Primary School.
B.
Babbling Bob.
Babbling Bob is a boy that would never stop talking. He is only mentioned in Horrid Henry's Birthday Party as a guest in Horrid Henry and the Secret Club.
Beefy Bert.
Beefy Bert is usually seen in the crowds of children at Henry and Peter's school, and sometimes with Ralph and Al. Whenever anyone asks him a question, his immediate answer is "I dunno", which is actually the only line Bert ever says throughout the entire book series (in the TV episode "Horrid Henry Gets Rich Quick", he says "Have you got any food?"). His voice changes in the second series of the TV show, from a low-pitched sounding voice to a higher-pitched, squeakier one. He is also the biggest boy in the class. He is voiced by Wayne Forester. 
Beefy Bert's dad.
Beefy Bert's dad is a bus driver who appears in "Horrid Henry Takes a Shortcut" and "Horrid Henry Alone at Home".
Brainy Brian.
The smartest boy in Horrid Henry's class. He appears to be of black descent. He is voiced by Aidan Cook.
Bob.
Bob (also known as Big Boss or "Bob Sir") is Dad's work boss and has appeared twice in the books and three times in the TV Series. His book appearance was in "Horrid Henry Goes to Work" and he is mentioned in "Horrid Henry's Arch Enemy". He also appeared in the episode "Horrid Henry's Heist" as the school inspector at the fancy dress party, he presented Horrid Henry with the prize for the best poster and in "Horrid Henry's Skipping Lesson" when he was in the park on his way to an appointment with Bill's headmaster.
Bossy Bill.
Bossy Bill is the horrible, stuck-up son of Dad's boss. He has appeared in "Horrid Henry Goes to Work", "Perfect Peter Pumps Up", "Horrid Henry Says Goodbye" and "Horrid Henry's Skipping Lesson". He looks very similar to his father, apart from the fact he is smaller. They wear the same clothes and have the same hairstyle. In the books he appeared in "Horrid Henry Goes to Work", "Horrid Henry's Arch Enemy" and "Horrid Henry's Horrid Weekend". His father thought he was perfect until Henry tricked him into photocopying his bottom at the office but he is in fact a real creep. He, for a short time, went to Horrid Henry's school. During this time, in the episode "Perfect Peter Pumps Up", Bill is beaten up by Perfect Peter because he makes fun of Peter's bunny, which caused Peter to turn into a giant. Bill is voiced by Joanna Ruiz. List of Horrid Henry Episodes (season 2)
In the audiobook editions read by Miranda Richardson, Bill and his father have American accents.
Bunny.
Bunny is Peter's adorable toy rabbit. It is Henry's version of Mr. Kill. His most major roles in the TV series are in "Horrid Henry and the Time Capsule", in which Henry gives Bunny to the capsule and rescues him, "Horrid Henry Trapped", in which Henry has Bunny in the hospital after he was injured whilst saving Peter from a falling shelf in the cellar and "Perfect Peter Pumps Up", in which Henry realises that the only way to turn Peter aggressive is to steal Bunny and make fun of him.
C.
Caring Chris.
Caring Chris works at the old people's home. She only appears in "Horrid Henry and the Purple Walking Stick Gang".
Clever Clare.
Clever Clare is the smartest girl in Henry's class.
Crabby Chris.
Crabby Chris once babysat Horrid Henry but never came back after Henry hid her homework and spilt grapefruit juice on her jeans. She is only mentioned in "Horrid Henry and the Bogey Babysitter".
D.
Dad.
Dad is the father of Henry and Peter. He is always yelling at Henry, but very rarely at Peter. He often shouts "Go to your room, now!" Like Mum, he has never trusted Henry to be well behaved. He agrees with Henry's Mum almost all the time. He is also extremely healthy, making Henry and Peter very healthy packed lunches and cooking healthy dinners, much to Henry's disgust. Peter often shows off to Mum and Dad by being well behaved while Henry misbehaves. He punishes Henry by banning the TV and/or the computer, but mostly resorts to cancellation or reduction of pocket money, for example when Henry refuses not to come on a hike he starts deducting pocket money. He shows favoritism when it comes to Henry and Peter. He tends to believe the best of Peter and the worst of Henry as even if Henry was telling the truth, he will still dismiss it as 'rubbish'. When Peter was horrid, he will find excuses for him. A good example was that Peter sprayed Henry with a hose deliberately, even chasing him around the garden, but he ended up telling Henry that he should have gout out of the way when Peter was 'watering the flowers'. Although strict he appears to be more tolerant of Henry by giving him second chances. Also, he is often shown to be capable of distracting Henry enough that he behaves. He has curly brown hair and wears an orange sweater and a blue jacket. It is revealed that Gross Class Zero was his favourite show when he was a boy. At the end of "Horrid Henry and the Silly Siblings" it is revealed that Dad's nickname is Silly Simon. At the end of this episode it is also implied that Henry gets his horrid streak from him, while Peter gets his goody-goody streak from Fussy Uncle Francis. He is always on Mum's side and rarely lets Henry get his own way, however he sometimes agrees with Henry's point of view. He is voiced by Wayne Forester.
Dizzy Dave.
Dizzy Dave is a boy in Henry's class who is always spinning round like a top and knocking things over.
Dr Dettol.
Dr Dettol is a doctor who gives injections. She only appears in "Horrid Henry's Injection".
E.
Ed Banger.
Ed Banger is the lead singer in the Killer Boy Rats.
Evil Eddy Edwards.
Evil Eddy Edwards is a milkman who has a rivalry with Pimply Paul.
F.
Fang The Hamster.
Fang is Henry's loyal, vicious hamster. He often feuds with Fluffy the Cat, and has a helpful ear when Henry needs someone to talk to. He is also useful to Henry for when he plots revenge against an enemy. Fang acts like a dog and sniffs out missing Fluffy on one episode. In another episode, Fang had a major role, when he went missing. The family presumed him as dead, and when Henry found him a day later, he dressed Fang up as a poodle, as a pose for the replacement pet for Peter.
Fiery Fiona.
Fiery Fiona is a girl who is angry all the time. She always yells at anyone who talks to her.
Fluffy the Cat.
Fluffy is the family's grey cat, who feuds with Henry's hamster, Fang. Fluffy is shown in most episodes sitting by the sitting room window sill at night and as she clicks the TV remote control button next to him, the scene changes to sunrise.
Frosty Freeze man.
He works at Frosty Freeze. He only appears in 'Horrid Henry and the Abominable Snowman'/'Horrid Henry and the Big Freeze Wheeze'.
Frosty Steve.
Frosty Steve works at Frosty Freeze. He only appears in 'Horrid Henry and the Ice Cream Dream'.
Fussy Uncle Francis.
Henry's uncle and Dad's younger brother. Voiced by Aidan Cook. He has curly blonde hair which is similar to Peter's, just as Dad's hair is brown, like Henry's, although Dad also has curly hair. He wears a green jacket and orange tie and he only appears so far in "Horrid Henry and the Silly Siblings". He is shown not to get on with Dad, as they argue often and this is also where a slightly childish aspect of Dad's personality is revealed. He is said to be fussy, as when he visits he inspects the staircase for dust when he comes in. At the end of "Horrid Henry and the Silly Siblings", he calls Dad "Silly Simon", which is presumably what he was called when he was a kid. At the end of this episode it is also implied that Peter gets his goody-goody streak from him, while Henry gets his horrid streak from Dad.
G.
Goody Goody Gordon.
Gordon is one of Peter's best friends. He is a member of the Best Boys Club and is friends with Tidy Ted and Spotless Sam. He often speaks with a lisp. He is voiced by Joanna Ruiz.
Gorgeous Gurinder.
Gorgeous Gurinder is a gorgeous girl who appears to be best friends with Singing Soraya. They are both members of the Secret Club. In the later episodes, she speaks with an Indian accent, which fits considering she appears to be Asian. Voiced by Joanna Ruiz.
Greedy Graham.
Greedy Graham is a boy who is always hungry and is often seen eating carrots and junk food in the earlier episodes. He is shown to be one of Henry's close friends.
Greasy Greta.
Greasy Greta is the lady from the counter in the school cafeteria who was in charge if the packed lunch room. She first appears in 'Horrid Henry and the Demon Dinner Lady'. When she sent to look after the kids in the lunch room because they were badly behaving and she always said 'Give me your treats now!", she ran away after Henry's hot chilli biscuits. However in the TV series, she ate far too many treats, she was wheeled out of the school on a trolley, by Soggy Sid. She is voiced by Sue Elliot Nicholls. She returns in 'Horrid Henry and the Revenge of the Demon Dinner Lady' from the Book, Horrid Henry's Nightmare. This time she inspects lunch boxes to promote healthy eating. She is fired on the spot when Mrs Oddbod catches her in the cupboard eating the confiscated sweets that were supposed to be donated to charity.
Great Aunt Greta.
Great Aunt Greta is the great aunt of Horrid Henry. She thinks that Henry is a little girl called Henrietta, and that Peter is a teenager. Although Henry's Mum and Dad have told her countless times that Henry is a boy, Greta refuses to believe this, and usually doesn't hear.
H.
Horrid Henry.
Horrid Henry is the main protagonist and hero of the series; a violently mischievous and arrogant little boy characterized by his constant tantrums and hostile nature, particularly toward his angelic but utterly shy younger brother Perfect Peter. Fascinated by the monstrous, beastly and grotesque, Henry's primary interests consist of violent programming and monsters, and his short temper has intimidated his parents. It is made obvious that they actually favour Peter over Henry, judging by the forms of discipline to which Henry is subjected as a result of his hostility and the complaints of his behaviour made by his mother and father. When denied his wishes, Henry has been known to conspire against authority or any interferences when acquiring his desires, often flinging himself into violent, deafening tantrums and screaming. Leader of the Purple Hand Gang, Henry continuously exposes Peter to malicious verbal abuse, domineering him and deceiving him continuously. Among his closest playmates are similarly-arrogant children such as Rude Ralph, though he viciously contempts Moody Margaret and frequently plots against her. However, he does care about Peter's safety occasionally, showing that he isn't void of compassion. He is voiced by Joanna Ruiz.
I.
Inky Ian.
Inky Ian is a pupil who isn't very much in Henry's classroom who is first seen in the book version "Horrid Henry and the Football Fiend".
J.
Jolly Josh.
Jolly Josh is a boy in Henry's class who is always playing jokes on people. He is a close friend to Henry. He is voiced by Aidan Cook.
Jolly Josh's father.
He only appears in "Horrid Henry's Nits" when he complains about the letter sent home.
Jumping Jeffrey.
Jeffrey is a boy who loves jumping like a kangaroo at Henry's karate class.
Jazzy Jim.
Jazzy Jim is a boy who goes,"Be-bop-a-loo-la!"
K.
Killer Boy Rats.
Horrid Henry's favourite band. The lead singer is Ed Banger, Henry's idol.
Kind Kasim.
Kind Kasim is a minor character in Henry's class. He doesn't appear in the picture of Henry's class.
Kind Kelly.
Kind Kelly is a girl in Peter's class who once let Henry borrow her mobile phone.
Kung-Fu Kate.
Kung-Fu Kate is a girl in Henry's class who is always doing Kung-Fu. She is also friends with Margaret.
L.
Lazy Linda.
The laziest girl in Henry's class. She is often seen sleeping. She doesn't talk very often, but when she does, she uses the word "like" quite a lot and has a cockney accent. She is a member of the Secret Club, which she initially joined as a replacement for Susan. At some point, Margaret fired her and Susan returned, however at some point Linda returned as well. She and Susan are bitter enemies.
Lisping Lily.
Lisping Lily is a toddler and New Nick's younger sister who loves Horrid Henry,(Pronouncing Henry "Henwy"). Her common catchphrases in the book are "I love you, Henwy." and "Will you marry with me, Henwy?"
M.
Milksop Miles.
The author of Peter's favourite book, "The Happy Nappy". He is Henry's least favourite writer and only appears in "Horrid Henry's Author Visit".
Maggie.
The presenter of one of Peter's favourite TV programmes, "Manners with Maggie."
Magic Martha.
Martha is a girl who does magic tricks.
In Henry's class
Mischievous Mike.
He is one of Horrid Henry's friends who loves planes and he is the brother of New Nick. He is voiced by Aidan Cook.
Miss Impatience Tutu.
Miss Impatience Tutu is a dance teacher who first appeared in "Horrid Henry's Dance Class". In the TV series, she is referred to as Madame Tutu and speaks with a French accent when talking to her class, but speaks with an English accent when talking to Henry individually. She seems to be a lot nicer in the TV series than in the books.
Miss Battle-Axe.
Miss Boudicca Battle-Axe is a strict Scottish schoolteacher. She teaches Horrid Henry, and many of his classmates such as Rude Ralph, Moody Margaret and Sour Susan. She seems to have a particular disliking towards Henry, which would be because it is usually his horrid behaviour in which disrupts her class. She once said that Henry's class was the worst she ever taught. In very few episodes, her mother, Mrs Battle-Axe, has appeared, who appears to discipline her daughter greatly. In 'Horrid Henry Delivers a Message', it is shown that Miss Battle-Axe secretly has a crush on Soggy Sid. Miss Battle-Axe is voiced by Joanna Ruiz.
Miss Lovely.
Miss Lydia Lovely is Peter's teacher. As her name suggests, she has a gentle nature. She is very proud of Peter's progress and behaviour and is always saying nice things about him to his parents. However, on odd occasions (such as when Peter hands in a 'Why I Hate My Teacher' essay, which was actually written by Henry) she has been seen to lose her temper. She is often seen in the library, on library duty when she's in the reading area. She speaks with an Indian accent, which fits considering she appears to be Asian. She is voiced by Joanna Ruiz.
Miss Thumper.
Miss Thumper only appears in "Horrid Henry's Dance Class", where she works.
Moody Margaret.
Margaret Millicent Madita Smythe is Henry's rival and antagonist-villain of the series. Sour Susan is Margaret's best friend. She has a tree house in her garden, and Henry often gains entry to her garden through a loose panel in the fence. She is the leader of the rival gang to the Purple Hand Gang, the Secret Club. In many ways she is shown to be a female equivalent of Henry, and they dislike each other, although on occasions they strike up temporary alliances, so they are fair-weather friends to each other when ever somebody ask her why is she mean, her usual response is "I'm not mean, I'm just moody". In the movie, her hair is blonde instead of hot pink, though she still has her voice. She is voiced by Sue Elliot Nicholls.
Moody Margaret's parents.
They live next door to Henry and give Margaret everything she wants since they believe that Margaret is going through a "moody phase" and that if they give her what she wants, she'll grow out of it.
Mr and Mrs Mossy.
Mr and Mrs Mossy are characters who first appeared in "Horrid Henry and the Dinner Guests".
Mr Mossy is Mum's boss, although sometimes Mrs Mossy is shown to be Mum's boss. Mr Mossy also appears in TV series "Horrid Henry Changes a Nappy". At the start of "Horrid Henry and the Dinner Guests" Mr Mossy causes lots of trouble for Henry. The Mossys appear to be of black descent and it is revealed at the end of "Horrid Henry and the Dinner Guests" that Mr Mossy's first name is Timothy in the TV series, although it is given as Reginald in the book. When Mr Mossy was a child he was called Terrible Timothy. Mr. Mossy is voiced by Aidan Cook and Mrs. Mossy is voiced by Joanna Ruiz.
Mrs Battle-Axe.
Mrs Battle-Axe is Miss Battle Axe's mother. She disciplines her daughter greatly and is a nice, old woman who likes Henry, in a sharp contrast to her daughter's meanness and dislike of Henry.
Mrs Crunch.
Mrs Crunch is the guide at Our Town Museum, runs Camp Sunshine and the Happiest Family competition.
Mrs Oddbod.
The headmistress of the school. Despite this title, she is somewhat kinder to Henry than Miss Battle-Axe. She is generally good-natured but can act strange at times, for example, she was the 'time capsule thief' who dug up time capsules from the school grounds at night. Her name is revealed in the episode "Horrid Henry, Horrid Headmaster". 
Mum.
Mum is Henry and Peter's mother. She has never trusted Henry to be well behaved, is extremely healthy, and always makes something with vegetables for dinner, much to Henry's disgust. She makes healthy snacks for parties too. She often punishes Henry by banning him from watching TV or using the computer. According to Henry, she has told him millions of times that he can never have another birthday party because he is always naughty, and then she always lets him have "one" more chance every year. She is quite prejudiced about Henry and Peter, believing Peter even when he told a lie, and not believing Henry even when he's telling the truth. She believes that Peter is perfect, and will always be perfect, and that Henry is horrid, and will always be horrid, so she will still accuse Henry even if he was trying to be good, and find excuses and turn a blind eye when Peter is horrid. She is one of few characters whose first name has not been revealed. She wears a purple cardigan with a pinkish shirt under. She has blonde hair and wears glasses. Mum also wears blue jeans and pink shoes. She is voiced by Tamsin Heatley.
N.
Nasty Nicola.
Nasty Nicola joins Henry's class in 'Horrid Henry and the New Best Friend' and appears nice to begin with but turns out to be nasty.
Needy Neil.
He is Weepy William's younger brother.
New Nick.
Nick is a boy who joined Henry's class as a "new" boy. He makes friends with Henry soon after he joins Henry's class and invites him to stay all night at his house. When Henry arrives, he has a thoroughly miserable evening.
New Nick's parents.
They have five dogs and run a karaoke club. They're very loud and only appear in "Horrid Henry's Sleepover".
Ninius Nerdon.
Mr Nerdon was a teacher first featured in the story "Horrid Henry's New Teacher". After a prank pulled by Henry involving Peter, he collapsed and Miss Battle-Axe took over the class.
Norwegian Norris.
Norris is a Norwegian boy at Henry's school who appears in 'Horrid Henry and the Revenge of the Demon Dinner Lady' from the book Horrid Henry's Nightmare. When Greasy Greta confiscates his sweets he comments that it wouldn't happen in Norway.
Nurse Needle.
Nurse Needle is a nurse who appears in 'Horrid Henry's Injection'. She tried to give Henry an injection, but Henry pretended to be sick and was sent home.
O.
Old Olive.
Old Olive is one of the people who lives at the old people's home. She only appears in "Horrid Henry and the Purple Walking Stick Gang".
P.
Park keeper.
He works in the park and employs Henry in 'Horrid Henry Gets A Job'.
Pasty Patsy.
Pasty Patsy is the daughter of Greasy Greta and appears in 'Horrid Henry and the Revenge of the Demon Dinner Lady' from the book Horrid Henry's Nightmare. Greta does not check Patsy's lunchbox which had sweets in it. Patsy says is because she is her mum and she can have anything she likes for lunch.
Perfect Peter.
Perfect Peter is Henry's perfect younger brother. He is the secondary protagonist character in many of the stories, but is often referred to as a "worm" by Henry. Peter has a very comic attitude, liking flowers much like Walter the Softy in the Dennis the Menace comic strips and cartoon series and is known to always do as he is told and treat others with respect. Despite this, on several occasions he has revealed that he does have a more shy side (which is the side he never uses on purpose). It is obvious that Peter is getting back at Henry with the help of his parents, and he always emotionally bribes them (e.g.: "You're the best mum in the world, so Henry won't be getting any biscuits will he?"), resulting in his parents favouring him, which he uses to his advantage. Aside from being spoiled, he shows aspects of being sort of like Moody Margaret, except that instead of using a bossy tone, he adopts a crying and sorrowful look to get what he wants. He is shown to tell on Henry, often Henry gets into trouble as a result of him telling Mum or Dad when Henry's done something bad, usually with the phrases: "Mum/Dad! Henry's being horrid/mean!" or "Mum/Dad! Henry called me smelly/a worm/a toad/told me to shut up!" and even blames Henry for the most minor offences. He is also similar to his friends as he hates dirt, is always tidy and also does as he is told,unlike Henry. He also expects praise for basic things, such as "being normal", using his fork and knife, and also shows off how good he is, especially when Henry is scolded. This, and the fact that he always asks them politely. Peter seems desperate for praise when he mentions he gets his toys out just to tidy them again which may seem pointless in the episode "Horrid Henry And The Best Boys Club". He suggests that he was only perfect because he gets praised. This is proven in "Perfect Peter's Horrid Day", when Peter decided to be horrid when Mum and Dad stopped praising him. Despite his nickname he is deemed spoiled and self-centred, especially rubbing in and showing off his good deeds, because of this he may be suggested as pathetic/pampered/praise loving Peter. He is also the one with a cunning plan to get what he wants or praised, taking credit for his good deeds and sometimes taking credit for Henry's rare good deeds (as shown in "Horrid Henry's Perfect Day"), and in "Horrid Henry Horrid Headmaster", he recorded what Henry said when Henry discovered he had to fill end of term reports ("No holiday for me, then."), then modified it into "No holiday!", causing the students to rebel. He seems to know that Mum and Dad won't punish him as he always walks around showing his perfectness, although without his parents believing him he may seem worthless and unable to get his own ways. He is voiced by Emma Tate in the TV series. It is stated that Peter will have his spin off show in fall 2014
Pimply Paul.
The husband of Prissy Polly, they have one child: Vomiting Vera. He always refers to Henry as a "brat". He has an instinctive hatred of children despite having a daughter of his own. He is a fan of Rugby, as revealed in Horrid Henry Cooks a Meal. He is a Milkman.
Prissy Polly.
Henry's cousin who is usually seen smiling. Marries Pimply Paul in Horrid Henry's Wedding and together, they had one daughter together, Vomiting Vera. She is voiced by Joanna Ruiz.
R.
Rabid Rebecca.
Rabid Rebecca is the toughest teenager in town, and is very strict. She once babysat Henry and Peter. Henry had a tough job getting rid of her. She has very large teeth and these are always visible even when her mouth is shut. She only appears in "Horrid Henry and the Bogey Babysitter" in the books, but in episodes she appears in "Horrid Henry and the Bogey Babysitter", "Horrid Henry's Smelly Stuff", "Horrid Henry's Haircut", "Horrid Henry and the Terrible Teacher", and "Horrid Henry and the Football Fiend" in the audience at the match. She makes a cameo appearance in "Horrid Henry and the Killer Boy Rats", when she is shocked and is seen when Henry sings, "Slimy, slimy, slimy!" and Dad says, " Don't be horrid, Henry!" in the audience. Voiced by Joanna Ruiz.
Razor Ron.
Razor Ron is a barber who hates children. He cuts Henry's hair in "Horrid Henry's Haircut".
Rich Aunt Ruby.
Henry's rich aunt, Mum's sister and Stuck-up Steve's mum. She is shown to be a very posh lady and she's dressed very fashionable, and she speaks with a posh-sounding accent and she was first seen in Horrid Henry's Christmas, where she buys Steve loads of great presents and Henry "somehow" managed to help himself to a few of them, she was next seen in the episode Horrid Henry's Haunted House, where Henry scares her and Steve away from their house and gets to play with all Steve's toys. She has previously been seen in Horrid Henry dines at Restaurant Le posh, where she took Steve and Henry's family to a fancy French restaurant, and orders Mum, Dad and Peter the things they don't want. She also spoils Steve greatly and buys him anything and everything he wants and she and Steve live in a very large house.
Rude Ralph.
Rude Ralph is Horrid Henry's best friend, he seems to have a similar personality to Henry, and is well known to be rude. Ralph assists Henry is many of his plans, including plots to raid Moody Margaret's Secret Club, with him being a member of Henry's "Purple Hand Gang", or to torment Henry's younger brother, Perfect Peter. Ralph also attends Henry's school. He is often seen with Al and Bert. He is voiced by Aidan Cook.
Rude Ralph's dad.
Rude Ralph's dad cheers Ralph on in "Horrid Henry's Sports Day".
Rude Ralph's mum.
Rude Ralph's mum picks Ralph up from Henry's in "Horrid Henry's Fairy Dance".
S.
Security guards.
In some stories and episodes of Horrid Henry, there are some security guards that appear. Their names are not revealed.
Singing Soraya.
A girl in Henry's class who loves singing. She even sounds like she's singing when she's talking normally.
Slimy Sammy.
Sammy first appeared in the episode Perfect Peter's Pen Pal. He stays at Peter's house and attempts to steal his stamp collection, as well as getting Henry into trouble. Despite the fact he appears to be French and speaks French, he talks with a German-sounding accent. Peter first calls him Super Sammy. He is voiced by Aidan Cook.
Snappy Croc.
Snappy Croc is a toy crocodile who was first seen in "Horrid Henry's Bathtime".
Stuck-up Steve.
Steve is Henry's Stuck up Cousin Henry calls him "Stuck-Up" because of how rich, greedy and spoiled he is compared to him . Once Steve got a taste of his own medicine in Horrid Henry and The Perfect Plane when the park keeper caught him flying his toy plane in the park and the he takes it away from Steve and gives it to Mike. In "Horrid Henry Eats Out", Henry wins by eating all his snails. He appears in "Horrid Henry 's Haunted House." Steve has not been seen since Horrid Henry and the Mega Mean Time Machine, although he has gained occasional mention. Steve is the only character in the series who is hated by Henry for a particular reason - because he is spoiled and refuses to share with his cousin, Henry. In the television series, he speaks with what is seemingly an upper class London accent and has purple hair. The jumper he wears also appears to change colour between episodes - it is light green in most episodes, but is purple in "Horrid Henry's Haunted House". He is voiced by David Holt in the TV series.
Stone-age Steven.
Stone-age Steven isn't in Henry's class much. He likes pretending to be a caveman.
Soggy Sid.
Soggy Sid is Horrid Henry's swimming teacher and the school's sport coach. He also appears in some episodes as the caretaker of the school.In one episode, his name is revealed to be Mr. Soggington. He is voiced by Aidan Cook.
Sour Susan.
Sour Susan is a friend of Moody Margaret. She always has a sour look on her face and often says "Yeah, Henry." when Margaret offends or annoys him. She acts as a parrot and sidekick to Moody Margaret, but often has fallouts with her. She has a baby sister called Vicious Vicky. In Horrid Henry's Stinkbomb, she joins the Purple Hand Gang, and warns Henry about Margaret's stinkbomb, but in the end, Susan and Margaret Dungeon Drink Henry's fort. She is voiced by Joanna Ruiz.
Spotless Sam.
Spotless Sam is one of Peter's friends and a member of the Best Boys Club. He is Voiced by Emma Tate.
T.
T.J.Fizz.
She is Henry's favourite author and Peter's least favourite, because he says 'her books are too scary'. She has only been seen in "Horrid Henry's Author Visit". Miss Battle-axe sent him off from his to Peter's class because of his horridness and was stuck with Peter's favourite author.
Tetchy Tess.
She is one of Horrid Henry's babysitters. She appears in "Horrid Henry and the Bogey Babysitter" and "Horrid Henry Goes to the Park".
Tidy Ted.
Tidy Ted is one of Peter's friends and is a member of the Best Boys Club. He is always tidy, hence his name.
Tough Toby.
Tough Toby is a boy in Henry's class who is tough. He invited Henry to his party at Lazer Zap.
V.
Vain Violet.
She appears in several of the books and is friends with Margaret. If she appeared in the TV Series, she probably would've been voiced by Sue Elliot Nicholls.
Vicious Vicky.
Vicious Vicky appears in Horrid Henry : The Movie,Horrid Henry bogus babysitter,and is Sour Susan's little sister.
Vicious Vicky's is played by Kia Pegg.
Vic Van Wrinkle.
Vic Van Wrinkle is the strict headmaster of 'Brickhouse School' and the main antagonist in Horrid Henry The Movie. He tries to shut down Ashton Primary school and send all the students to Brickhouse School so he can make lots of Money.
Vomiting Vera.
Henry and Peter's baby cousin who is always vomiting, much to the annoyance of others. Henry will refuse to see her unless she is older and behind bars.
W.
Weepy William.
A boy in Henry's class who is often seen crying at the slightest things. His best friend is Anxious Andrew. He is voiced by Emma Tate.
Weepy William's dad.
Weepy William's dad is a newspaper reporter and appears in "Horrid Henry Ace Reporter" and "Horrid Henry on TV".
Weepy William's mum.
Weepy William's mum only appears in "Horrid Henry on TV" when her and her husband have Margaret round.
Wrinkly Ron.
Wrinkly Ron is one of the people at the old people's home. He only appears in "Horrid Henry and the Purple Walking Stick Gang". 
Z.
Zippy Zoe.
Zippy Zoe is a girl who is very fast and only appears in the books.

</doc>
<doc id="18769104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769104" title="7E">
7E

7E or 7-E can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18769108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769108" title="General Union">
General Union

Founded in 1991, the is a labor union headquartered in Osaka, Japan. Membership is open to all nationalities and all workers. It has members working in trading companies, factories and restaurants but the majority of members are teachers and staff who are employed in language education at private conversation schools, high schools and universities in the Kansai and Chubu regions of Japan. Union members work at universities such as Ritsumeikan University, and language schools such as ECC, Berlitz and Gaba. Recent years have also seen the union launching major organizing drives among South American workers in Japan, along with Filipino workers.
The General Union is under the umbrella of the National Union of General Workers, which is itself part of the National Trade Union Council (Zenrokyo) one of the three major trade union federations in Japan.
The chair of the General Union is Katsuji Yamahara and the General Secretary is Dennis Tesolat.
Founding of the union.
With the founding of the Osaka Zenrokyo (a local area affiliated to Zenrokyo, National Trade Union Council) on 2 February 1991, it was decided that a general union type union was necessary to help both individual workers and groups of otherwise unorganized workers deal with their employment problems.
On 12 June 1991, the General Union was founded at a meeting at Apio Osaka. During the preparatory period prior to the founding the General Union had already organized a union branch at ELC Junior among female Japanese teachers. In May, the union's first foreign member had joined from HAL English School regarding a dispute with wages. By its founding the General Union had already started to establish itself among language school teachers and foreign language teachers.
During its first year the union also became involved with study groups for civil servants' employment rights, and established links with other immigrant groups namely Asian Friends (a joint employment problems hotline was run on 2 and 3 September) and with RINK (Rights of Immigrants Network in Kansai) in which the General Union was a founding organization.
While the union's attempts to establish itself among civil servants did not bear fruit, the union's work with foreign language teachers continued to expand. In 1991, the union also dealt with employment problems at Neverland English School (paid holidays, unpaid wages), OIC (Oxford), and IES.
Early history.
Believing that there was a need for a larger union presence in English language schools the General Union held two public meetings for foreign teachers. On 23 March 1992 the first meeting signed up 60 new members and was reported widely in the press.
1992 also brought the first non-English speaking foreign workers to the union. The union represented Filipino workers at Tanaka Metal Works and Brazilian dispatch workers in Gunma at Takechi Rubber.
The General Union's first branch representing foreign university teachers was founded at Hannan University. The union's intervention prevented the university from lowering the per class rate for teachers.
In what would become a precursor to the union's campaigns over social insurance in the late 1990s and throughout 2000, the union held a seminar titled, "Social Insurance and Tax for foreigners" on 8 November 1992.
A strike winning two months' bonus at ELC Junior on 17 July 1992 also marked the union's first strike.
In 1993 the GU's first major language school branches were formed. Union members participated in the 1993 Shunto. One picketed employer was IES regarding a Canadian English teacher who was dismissed.
By the end of August the union claimed 100 members and had four workplace branches. One branch consisted of foreign instructors working for Interac. The Interac Branch was formed in May and by August had already gone on strike against unfair labour practices regarding the dismissal of a union member. The company later withdrew the dismissal and the strike was won. This first strike at Interac would mark the beginning of a long dispute between the union and the company and would give the union its first major nationwide coverage on prime time television and newspapers.
By the end of 1993 the union claimed 140 members, almost half of whom were Japanese, and two more language school branches; Osaka YMCA and Berlitz.
1994 saw the bankruptcies of two language schools in Japan. On 25 March Attony went bankrupt and teachers formed a General Union branch in order to deal with their lost wages. The General Union's experience with Attony was then used to help teachers at Bilingual which went bankrupt on 25 July. These were the first of more bankruptcies that would follow in the 90s and ending with the major NOVA bankruptcy in 2007.
Another major event of 1994 in the language teaching industry was the September arrest of a NOVA teacher for possession of marijuana. This led the school to demand the drug testing of all its foreign employees. On 6 September, the General Union NOVA branch was declared to the company. Union members refused to be drug tested which led to the 18 September visit by NOVA executive officer, Anders Lundqvist, to apologize for the company's policy. The policy though abandoned would lead to later conflict as the company refused to remove the drug testing stipulation from the employment contract.
The General Union founded more union branches in this year. On 17 May the union's Nichibei Eigo Gakuin branch was formed at its first collective agreement was secured. In the university sector the General Union started its long battle against contract renewal limits. On 31 March a union member was fired by Osaka Gakuin University after three year contract limits were opposed. The union's battle went to the Supreme Court of Japan and was featured in a Newsweek article. Seven teachers at Otemon Gakuin University also joined the university and formed a branch to fight contract renewals. The union was able to save all the members' jobs.
Union's campaign to win health and pension rights for foreign workers.
Due to pressure from the General Union, in March 2005, the Japanese Government's Social Insurance Agency began to investigate English language schools in Japan for non-payment of . In general, non-enrollment of full-time employees is illegal in Japan—the Health Insurance Law and Employees' Pension Law stipulate that companies must enroll all workers who have been in Japan for over two months in both the health insurance and pension systems, regardless of nationality. "Shakai Hoken" cover for employees also includes sickness and injury allowance. The burden of payment is split between employer and employee, with each paying about half the monthly premium amount. The General Union (Osaka) has official consultative status with the United Nations Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC).
Shakai Hoken lawsuit.
A GU member working a 29.5 hour per week contract at an ALT dispatch agency requested the Japan Pension Service to enroll them in shakai hoken (health insurance and pension) after their company refused to do so. The Japan Pension Service has a memo which states that workers who work three-quarters of a full-time schedule should be enrolled in shakai hoken. The JPS has applied this internal bureaucratic guideline to avoid enrolling workers, forcing the workers to pay such costs by themselves. The JPS also refused to enroll them citing the three-quarter guideline. The member, with the support of the GU, has now sued the JPS for negligence in not following the Health Insurance Law and the Employees' Pension Law. The first hearing was held in the Tokyo District Court on April 13, 2012. The next court date is scheduled for September 9, 2013.
Protecting workers from Sexual Harassment.
After a number of incidents where union members were harassed by students in their workplaces, in 2013 the union appointed both male and female sexual harassment officers to be a contact point for those who have suffered sexual harassment.
Structure of the union.
The general union consists of three main areas, the Industrial and Commercial Sector, the Schools and Colleges Sector, and the Private Language Industry Sector.
Industrial and Commercial Sector.
This area of the GU is focused on workers in factories and other industrial employment. It consists of the General Branch, the South American Branch, and the Shinobu Foods Branch. The South American branch is currently active at many workplaces including Fuso and Daisen Kosakusho.
Schools and Colleges Sector.
This area of the GU is focused on workers employed in schools and universities. The GU has members at many workplaces, including
Ashiya Gakuen High School, Himeji Dokkyo University, Kansai Gaidai University, Kun'ei High School, Osaka Gaigo, Ritsumeikan University, Kobe Shoin Women's University, and Osaka University.
Private Language Industry.
This area of the GU is focused on the teaching of language in the private sector, including workers at eikaiwas and working as ALTs. Amongst other companies it has members at Berlitz Japan, Interac, Gaba, Nova, OTC, Epion, the British Council, ECC, Panasonic Excel International, Coco Juku and Peppy Kids Club.
Berlitz branch.
The GU branch of Berlitz Japan was founded in 1993, and since that time has won a number of improvements for teachers including: Unemployment Insurance and Workers Accident Compensation Insurance enrollment for MG teachers. Health and Pension Insurance (shakai hoken) enrollment for those who work over 30 hours per week. Paid holidays for MG and per lesson teachers. Premium pay of 25% overtime and 35% for work on a set rest day. The right to refuse work on set rest days or national holidays. A pre-consultation agreement with the union before terminating, transferring or changing the working conditions of any union member. Resolving various grievances dealing with dismissals, health insurance, unfair treatment of teachers.
Nova branch.
Establishment and action against discriminatory drug tests.
In 1994, after two Nova instructors were arrested on drug charges in August and September, Nova asked all 3,100 instructors to sign an agreement to have a mandatory drug test, the results of which would be reported to the police. The drug test only applied to foreign staff. This action led to the GU branch of the Eikaiwa Nova being founded on September 6, 1994. At the same time there was also a NUGW Nova branch founded in Kanto.
The Osaka Bar Association wrote an opinion that the policy was a violation of the teachers' right to privacy. Nova claimed consent forms had been received from more than 90 percent of employees. According to the union, no instructors were ever required to take a drug test.
GU forces re-investigation of Nova President Nozomu Sahashi.
After Nova's bankruptcy, the GU sought Sahashi's indictment over non-payment of wages. The Osaka prosecutor's office declined to do so, so the GU appealed to the prosecutor's auditors, who found the lack of indictment "unjust".
Allowances protected.
After the March 11th 2011 earthquake, when embassies were urging their citizens to evacuate, Nova pressured instructors to move to Tokyo or have allowances cut. The GU members at one Nova branch protested and negotiated with Nova and the allowances were repaid.
Firing of disabled teacher withdrawn.
In August 2013 Nova announced that they were non-renewing the contract of a teacher, in effect firing him. The teacher had a medical condition that made commuting difficult, but had never caused him to be late or affected his work. Previously the company had reduced his hours for two years in a row, which had resulted in him being removed from the Japanese government social insurance. As the teacher's condition was made worse by stress, he didn't pursue this. After he was non-renewed, the GU protested strenuously, meeting company representatives on August 21. Union representatives criticised the Nova for a "lack of humanity" and raised the prospect of demonstrations over the issue. During the meeting Nova withdrew the non-renewal.
ECC branch.
Establishment and improvements gained.
The GU branch of the Osaka-based English conversation school ECC was declared on February 26, 1996. Since then the union has achieved quite a few things at ECC, including English pay slips, flexible paid holidays, unemployment insurance, health and pension insurance, a toll-free number for Kinki district sub-teachers, improved emergency evacuation procedures, a pre-consultation agreement to consult with the union before making changes that affect union members, and mandatory training is now conducted during working hours (or else paid at overtime rates).
Moves towards permanent employment.
From April 2013 teachers have the right to become seishain (permanent employees). Two employees (office staff) were promoted to seishain in 2013.
Collective agreement over contract renewal.
On July 29, 2013 the GU and ECC signed a collective agreement that GU members would always have their contracts renewed unless there were exceptional circumstances.
Interac branch.
Establishment and industrial action.
The GU branch of Interac, a company that dispatches teachers to various companies and public schools, was declared on May 25, 1993. A number of teachers who wanted to improve conditions joined the GU. Negotiations were not fruitful and the union went to dispute mode, with strikes, picketing, and the dispute received a large amount of press coverage.
Actions against illegal itaku contracts.
In 2007 the GU surveyed boards of education in Osaka prefecture, and found that 23 of them were employing Assistant Language Teachers through illegal itaku contracts. The union reported this to the Osaka Labor Bureau and the boards of education were ordered to stop.
2009 was a busy year for the GU Interac branch. Interac teachers working at Kurashiki in Okayama prefecture, approached the local board of education. They sought to be hired directly, rather than being employed by Interac and dispatched. The board of education refused the teachers, who then approached the GU. The GU took up the case on their behalf, and after threats of losing their jobs and attempts to evict teachers from city-provided accommodation, the GU won direct hire for 4 out of 7 members from the Kurashiki board of education, and the other three members got dispatch positions in other areas in Okayama.
The GU also demanded that Interac enroll all its teachers in unemployment insurance.
In Autumn 2009 the GU sent a survey to all the city boards of education in Aichi prefecture. 16 replied that they used teachers on itaku contracts. On October 19, 2009, the GU sued Interac at the Osaka Labor Commission, submitted documents to the Aichi labor bureau, and visited the Aichi Prefectural Board of Education to inform the board of education that it was allowing illegal itaku contracts, the use of which breached the dispatch law and the employment security law.
Labor Commission case.
In response to the Labor Commission case brought by the GU against Interac, on July 26, 2010 the Osaka Labor Commission ruled that Interac had committed an unfair labor practice by refusing to hold collective bargaining with the union. As a result, Interac was ordered to hand-deliver an apology to the union, and banned from bidding on government projects in Osaka Prefecture. Interac appealed the ruling to the Central Labor Commission in Tokyo, and on February 28, 2011 a settlement was brokered between Interac and the GU.
Peppy Kids Club branch.
Establishment and early negotiations.
In July 2012 the GU founded a branch at Peppy Kids Club. The branch was formally declared to the company, and demands made for the working rules to be available to all staff, an explanation of how the company ensures all staff are enrolled in unemployment insurance, and that when teachers are sent on business trips, that the company should directly pay for the hotel rather than requiring the teacher to do so and then reimbursing them.
The company immediately involved a lawyer, who responded to the union, and negotiations were held on August 6, 2012, with the company to respond to the union's demands in writing by August 17, 2012
The union subsequently announced that the company had agreed to prepay for hotels when it was necessary for teachers to stay in them for one or two nights. The company claimed this was always official policy nationwide and that where it did not happen, it was a result of communication errors between head office and a branch office. The union also announced that the company would now reimburse teachers for receipts even when there were small errors with the company name written on the receipt.
The union highlighted the fact that Japanese teachers, who are the majority of Peppy's teaching staff, were not enrolled in unemployment insurance, and also work longer hours than the foreign staff. A new confidentiality agreement was proposed which the union saw as an attempt to "intimidate JTs Teachers and put them in their place".
Dismissal of branch chair.
Subsequently the company non-renewed the chair of the GU union branch, after eight years of employment. The company claimed that he was fired for poor performance and that he "failed to improve as a teacher", but according to the union the teachers evaluations had been in the 96-97% range so this reason was simply a pretext and the real reason for the dismissal was union busting. The union demanded that the firing be revoked, with a deadline of November 8, 2012, but the company declined to do so.
This led other teachers to join the union, and the GU filed an unfair labor practice with the Osaka Labor Relations Commission over the company's breaches of the Trade Union Act of 1949. The union advised the company that they planned to push ahead with strike action, and the company counteracted by removing the branch chair from the teaching schedule, and began calling other teachers wanting to know details of strikes, which intimidated teachers and was another breach of trade union law.
Subsequently strikes started at the company.
A settlement was brokered and the branch chair returned to work. The company subsequently attempted to non-renew him again, and strikes started once again.
Gaba branch.
Establishment and early discussions.
Although the General Union generally is responsible for the Kansai and Nagoya areas, in 2007 it became involved in a campaign to organize instructors in the Tokyo-based English conversation school Gaba. On 6 September 2007, a union of Gaba's instructors was formed.
Union representatives had many discussions with the company around 2007. In 2007, Gaba raised its base lesson rate pay from 1,400 yen per lesson to 1,500 yen per lesson for unbelted instructors, and also raised the lesson rates for belted instructors. In addition, contract lengths were increased from four to six months, but no other changes were forthcoming. The General Union has long claimed that these changes were due to union pressure, but Gaba has maintained that the changes were being discussed in 2006, before the union came to Gaba, and that the changes were not related to union pressure.
First Labor Commission case.
The union then took an unfair labor practice case through the Osaka Labor Relations Commission claiming that Gaba had not negotiated in good faith, which they are required to do under article 7 of the Trade Union law, and also to have instructors recognized as employees, not "entrusted independent" "itaku" (sub-contractors) which Gaba currently states they are.
The Osaka Labor Relations Commission case ran from July 2008 to August 2009. A ruling was given on Christmas Eve 2009. It stated that Gaba had not committed an unfair labor practice, because it had negotiated in good faith with the union. This was a victory for Gaba. However, the 35-page decision by the Labor Commission also included language that implied that Gaba's instructor contracting system had elements of labor and that Gaba instructors had the right to organize 'as employees'. This language was in turn interpreted by the General Union as a decision on the status of instructors, and through their web page declared that Gaba instructors are not itaku but employees under the trade union law. This did not immediately change the employment situation for Gaba instructors but the union said it would use this to win standard employment benefits (paid leave, unemployment insurance, health insurance, etc.) which Gaba does not currently give to instructors under their itaku contracts.
Despite winning the unfair labor practice case, Gaba was dissatisfied with the wording of the original ruling, specifically the references to the instructor contracting having elements of labor under the trade union law, and appealed to have the wording of the ruling amended to the Central Labor Commission in Tokyo. Hearings were held from March to July 2010.
On October 28, 2010, after several times encouraging Gaba to reach some form of compromise with the union, the Central Labor Commission rejected the company's claim to have the language in the original ruling by the Osaka Labor Commission changed, stating that Gaba's claim had "no merit". The Central Labor Committee dismissed Gaba's claim because they didn't have enough information either way and they felt it should be decided by a lower court (the Osaka Labor Committee). Despite the inconclusive nature of this decision, it was again interpreted by the General Union as a ruling that Gaba instructors are employees under trade union law, and they again announced a victory on their web site. Gaba then sued the Central Labor Commission in Tokyo District Court for rejecting their appeal, and the first hearing was held on January 19, 2011. As the Central Labor Commission is a government body under the umbrella of the Ministry of Health, Labour, and Welfare, this meant that the company was suing a Japanese government agency. The court's decision was handed down on July 27, 2011, and Gaba's appeal was rejected. The company appealed this to the Tokyo High Court, and the first hearing took place on November 15, 2011. After negotiations with the union the company agreed to withdraw this case and recognize the rights of its instructors under trade union law.
Hello Work.
In August 2010, union members lodged applications with the Shibuya Hello Work office to be enrolled in unemployment insurance. After Hello Work had taken no action for almost a year, in June 2011, the GU made a formal complaint, in response to which Hello Work apologized and said they would launch an investigation immediately. The applications, still making their way through the bureaucracy, were later withdrawn by the GU as part of an agreement signed with Gaba.
SESC complaint.
On October 4, 2010, the General Union made an official complaint to the Securities and Exchange Surveillance Commission, part of the Financial Services Agency, over compliance issues based on Gaba stating in its report for the 2009 financial year that there was no union at the company, and that labor relations were "smooth and harmonious", and also for failing to mention the Osaka Labor Commission case and Gaba's subsequent appeal to the Central Labor Commission in Tokyo.
Libel lawsuit.
In addition to suing the government, Gaba decided to sue the General Union for libel, over an article on the union webpage dealing with Gaba's compliance. The company sued the union for 58 million yen in damages and legal costs. The first hearing was held on January 28, 2011, at the Tokyo District Court, and the company's suit was dismissed in November 2011. After negotiations with the union Gaba agreed not to appeal their loss.
Further Labor Commission case.
After Gaba sued the General Union for libel, the union lodged another unfair labor practice, asking that the Osaka Labor Commission have Gaba cease interfering in union activities, withdraw their demand that the union remove the news article from their website, not intimidate the union and its members by litigation and other means, that then-majority stockholder Daiwa Securities negotiate with the union, and that Gaba pay the union 58,200,000 yen (the amount Gaba sued the union for) for interfering with union activities, and publicly apologize. The case was lodged on May 16, 2011, and was expected to last for some time. The union and Gaba signed an agreement in April 2012, and the case was withdrawn.
Non-renewal of union branch chair.
After over 8 years as a Gaba instructor, Gaba non-renewed the contract of Francis Strange, the chair of the Gaba branch of the General Union, effective November 1, 2011. The union viewed this as union busting, and in October the union demonstrated and leafleted Learning Studios in Osaka and Tokyo, and negotiated with Gaba and new owner Nichii Gakkan in an effort to reverse the non-renewal. After negotiations Gaba agreed to rehire Strange and he returned to work on February 12, 2012.
General Union and Gaba sign agreement.
In April 2012 Gaba and the General Union signed an agreement in which both sides withdrew their pending cases in the courts and government bureaucracy. Gaba agreed to negotiate in good faith on the issue of employment status and benefits for instructors.
General Union and Gaba begin negotiations.
After signing the agreement to negotiate, the union and the company commenced negotiations on conditions on May 28, 2012, which are ongoing as of 2013.
Gaba promises improvements.
The General Union Gaba branch held their first official collective bargaining session for 2013 with Gaba on March 4, 2013. The company's representatives said that they were "determined to improve working conditions for instructors" and that they were looking at increasing the TNT incentive and the per lesson pay rate.
Morning peak lesson pay increase.
The General Union and company subsequently signed a collective agreement that from May 2013 all instructors working the first three weekday morning peak time lessons (the F-shift) would receive an additional 200 yen for every lesson taught. The agreement was officially signed and dated on June 17, 2013. and the first payday including the incentive was June 25, 2013. For instructors on the lowest pay rate (around 50% of the workforce) this meant a 13.3% pay increase for those lessons.
Grievance Procedure Agreement signed.
On October 4, 2013 the General Union and Gaba Corporation signed a grievance procedure agreement. This legally requires the company to respond to workplace grievances related to individual instructors in a fair and prompt manner.

</doc>
<doc id="18769112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769112" title="Marnicq Bervoets">
Marnicq Bervoets

Marnicq Bervoets (born 21 June 1969 in Paal), is a Belgian former professional motocross racer.
Bervoets was one of the top motocross competitors in the 1990s. Riding for the Suzuki factory team, he finished second to perennial champion Stefan Everts three times in the F.I.M. 250cc motocross world championships from 1995 to 1997. He switched to the Yamaha factory racing team and moved to the 500cc class, finishing in second place in 2000 and third in 2001. Bervoets was a member of three winning Belgian teams at the Motocross des Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="18769119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769119" title="Geography of Shanghai">
Geography of Shanghai

The geography of Shanghai is characterised by its location on the Yangtze River Delta on China's east coast and its proximity to the Pacific Ocean via the East China Sea. The city is centred around the Huangpu River, a tributary of the Yangtze River, and extends outwards in all directions, with the suburbs and satellite towns reaching east to the East China Sea, north and west to Jiangsu province, and south to Zhejiang province over Hangzhou Bay.
The vast majority of Shanghai's land area is flat, apart from a few hills in the southwest corner, due to its location on the alluvial plain of the Yangtze's river delta. The city has many rivers and lakes and is known for its rich water resources, and thanks to its coastal, riverside location and warm climate ensuring ice-free waters, provides easy access to China's interior, resulting in Shanghai being the world's largest port.
Statistics.
Location.
Shanghai is located in the middle of China's east coast, near the mouth of the Yangtze River, being one of the core cities in the Yangtze River Delta region. It is bordered by the Yangtze River to the north, the East China Sea to the east, Hangzhou Bay to the south, and Jiangsu and Zhejiang Provinces to the west. The city is roughly equidistant to Beijing and Hong Kong, and is located at , roughly the same latitude as San Diego, New Orleans, Bermuda, Marrakech, Cairo, Jerusalem, and Lahore. Cities within mainland China that lie on approximately the same longitude include Fuxin, Jinzhou, Dalian, Yantai, Ningbo, and Taizhou (Zhejiang). The municipality lies about due north of Taipei and Manila.
Waterways.
Shanghai contains of rivers and streams and is part of the Lake Taihu drainage area. Suzhou Creek is long and has an average width of 70 to 80 meters, while the Huangpu River is long and is around 400 meters wide.
Islands.
There are three larger low-altitude alluvial islands in the mouth of Yangtze. 
Chongming Island in the middle of the Yangtze is an alluvial island formed by silt carried along the river. It gives the name to the Chongming County, the only county of Shanghai. It is the third largest island in China at . The other two are Changxing Island at , and Hengsha Island at .
Shanghai has also number of smaller islands under its jurisdiction.
The Jiuduansha Island (31º03'N~-31º17'N; 121º46'E-122º15'E, area: 423.2 km2 above -6 m, 114.6 km2 at the elevation of the sea level) has the national nature reserve, Jiuduansha Wetland. [http://usccc.ibcas.ac.cn/meetings/BFU031216/Fudan's%20Site-Jiuduansha%20Island-1.pdf]
Dajinshan Island (Big Jinshan Island), Xiaojinshan Island (Small Jinshan Island), and Fushan Island in Jinshan District. are nature reserves under city jurisdiction.[http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/citylife/2006-06/28/content_627740.htm]
Some alluvial islands are relatively young. For example, Jiuduansha emerged in 1950s. In 2006, the city had 19 uninhabited islands covering 226.27 square kilometers, with a total coastline length of 309 kilometers. [http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/citylife/2006-06/28/content_627740.htm] Dajinshan has the highest point of Shanghai with altitude of 103.4 m.
Climate.
Shanghai has a humid subtropical climate (Köppen climate classification "Cfa") and experiences four distinct seasons. In winter, cold northerly winds from Siberia can cause nighttime temperatures to drop below freezing, and although not usually associated with snow, the city can receive one or two days of snowfall per year. In contrast, and in spite of being the peak tourist season, summer in Shanghai is very warm and humid, with occasional downpours or freak thunderstorms. The city is also susceptible to typhoons, none of which in recent years has caused considerable damage. The most pleasant seasons are Spring, although changeable, and Autumn, which is generally sunny and dry.
Climate statistics of 2006:
Cityscape.
Shanghai city proper is bisected by the Huangpu River: Puxi, on the west side, is the historic centre of the city, and includes the districts of Yangpu, Hongkou, Zhabei, Putuo, Changning, Xuhui, Jing'an, Luwan and Huangpu. Pudong is located on the east side and is the location of Shanghai's rapid development, including its new famous skyline and the Lujiazui financial district.
The outer districts, or suburbs, surround the city proper, and are Baoshan, Minhang, Jiading, Jinshan, Songjiang, Qingpu, Nanhui, Fengxian, and the rural eastern part of Pudong.
Shanghai's only county - Chongming - is in the far north of the municipality and makes up the islands of Chongming, Changxing and Hengxia.
Environment.
Public awareness of the environment is growing, and the city is investing in a number of environmental protection projects. A 10-year, US$1 billion cleanup of Suzhou Creek, which runs through the city center, is expected to be finished in 2008, and the government also provides incentives for transportation companies to invest in LPG buses and taxis. Air pollution in Shanghai is low compared to other Chinese cities such as Beijing, but the rapid development over the past decades means it is still high on worldwide standards, comparable to Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="18769124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769124" title="Bernard Dong Bortey">
Bernard Dong Bortey

Bernard Dong-Bortey (born 22 September 1982) is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays for Equatoguinean side The Panthers FC.
Career.
Bortey began his career 2000 with Ghapoha Readers in Tema. One year later, he moved to Accra Hearts of Oak SC. Hearts loaned him out in 2002 to Al Wasl FC in Dubai, where he played for 6 months. He returned in June 2002 to Hearts.
International career.
Bortey played twenty-seven games for the Ghanaian national football team and scored nine times; the latest game being in the qualifying stage of the 2014 FIFA World Cup He also represented his homeland in the 1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship in New Zealand, where he played 6 games and scored 3 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18769132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769132" title="Robert Lacey">
Robert Lacey

Robert Lacey (born 3 January 1944) is a British historian and biographer. He is the author of a number of bestselling biographies, including those of Henry Ford and Queen Elizabeth II, as well as works of popular history.
Lacey's 1981 work "The Kingdom" and its 2009 follow-up "Inside the Kingdom" have now both been cited as standard study texts for the diplomatic community working inside the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. This has led to Lacey being employed by American Television networks, ABC and PBS as a commentator on the subject.
In 2009 Lacey made the controversial documentary "Rehab for Terrorists?: Can Terrorists be Rehabilitated with Kindness?" for the "Now" show for the PBS channel.
Lacey is also ABC's "Good Morning America" Royal commentator and was in London for the channel covering the Royal Wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton. He was also seen on the BBC's late evening coverage of the event. David Brancaccio said: "In Saudi Arabia, Robert Lacey had the kind of access most journalists only dream of."
Lacey is an alumnus of Bristol Grammar School and a graduate of Selwyn College in the University of Cambridge where he earned a B.A. in 1967, a diploma of education in 1967, and an M.A. in 1970. He began his writing career as a journalist on the "Illustrated London News", and later "The Sunday Times".

</doc>
<doc id="18769154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769154" title="2005 New Zealand rugby union tour of Britain and Ireland">
2005 New Zealand rugby union tour of Britain and Ireland

The 2005 New Zealand rugby union tour of Britain and Ireland was a Grand Slam rugby union tour played by the New Zealand national rugby union team, also known as the All Blacks, in the United Kingdom and in the Republic of Ireland against their respective national teams. Played through November, it consisted of 4 matches against Wales, Ireland, England and Scotland.
It was the first Grand Slam Tour by the All Blacks since the 18 match Grand Slam tour of 1978.
New Zealand won all matches with a touring squad of 35 players selected by Head Coach Graham Henry. The first against Wales on 5 November, then against Ireland on 12 November, England on 19 November and finally Scotland on 26 November to complete the first successful Grand Slam tour of the professional era. The last successful Grand Slam was by Australia in 1984 in between 14 other matches.
Touring squad.
A total of 35 players were selected for the touring squad: five props, three hookers, four locks, seven loose forwards, three halfbacks, seven midfielders and six back three-quarters, including five new caps. Graham Henry was Head Coach with Wayne Smith and Steve Hansen as his Assistant Coaches. Tana Umaga was named captain for the tour.
Tests.
A total of four matches were played during the 2005 Grand Slam tour against the four home unions of Wales, Ireland, England and Scotland. The tour was played over four weeks, with one game each week.
Wales.
Wales were looking to beat the All Blacks for the first time since 1953, when they won 13–8 at Cardiff Arms Park. They came into the match and tour as the most recent Six Nations champions and the last of the Home Nations to agree to play the All Blacks on the 2005 tour. New Zealand came in after a successful British and Irish Lions tour and another Tri Nations win.
The All Black coaching staff named three debutants for the first test in Cardiff: Neemia Tialata and Chris Masoe were chosen ahead of regular starters Tony Woodcock and Richie McCaw, while Angus MacDonald came on for James Ryan for his first international.
Match summary.
The All Blacks started off their tour with a comfortable 41–3 victory over Wales in Cardiff on 5 November, the 100th anniversary of rugby between the two teams. Dan Carter was the standout player for New Zealand, scoring 26 points including two of the five tries by the visitors; Rico Gear benefited from some nice play by his inside backs as he scored the other three tries for his team. Wales had to swallow another loss to the All Blacks, having to wait another year until they could break their losing streak against them which dates back to 1953 when they won 13 points to 8.
First half.
Both sides started the game a bit rusty but the All Blacks quickly took control of the ball and position on the field, starving the Welsh team of any chance at attack.
New Zealand struck first with an early penalty before Byron Kelleher bombed the first chance for a try in the 16th minute of play. The eager halfback took a quick tap at halfway, spotted a gap and ran 45 metres before getting tackled downfield. He failed to offload to an open Tana Umaga on his shoulder and a penalty from the ensuing maul would have to suffice. Carter converted to be two from two and put the All Blacks out in front 6–0.
Wales also missed a chance for a try that had to be substituted for penalty because of poor play. Gareth Thomas made it happen with a nice break through a missed tackle to set up a ruck inside the All Blacks' 22-metre line. With players wide, an easy catch and pass game would have got them the try they needed but poor ball handling ended up with the penalty being called instead. First-five Stephen Jones converted it into points and decreased the deficit to a penalty's-worth, 3 points.
Rico Gear scored the only try of the first half after some nice all round All Black play. With the scores at 6–3 in favour of the visitors, Chris Jack took the ball from the line-out in Welsh territory and provided the ball to the backs. Umaga straightened and feed back to Carter who spread it to Mils Muliaina, it was an easy pass out to Gear after that who scored in the right hand corner. Carter converted the sideline conversion and put the All Blacks out to 13.
Wales gained confidence as the first half progressed but the Rico Gear try in the corner nine minutes from the half-time break gave the All Blacks the upper hand going into the second half.
Second half.
The All Blacks showed no signs of slowing down when they came out and scored two converted tries in the first ten minutes, both from Gear. Gear scored his second, set up by Carter, and third in the same corner as his first; his second came from a nice pass from Carter who put him through the gap and it was an easy run to the try line, while his third was as simple as his first two with some easy passing out wide where Gear got outside his man and scored another five-pointer. Carter converted and New Zealand secured the win with still half an hour to play with a 27–3 lead.
With the game all but over, both sides shifted down a few gears with scrappy play dominating much of the final half-hour. However, New Zealand were the ones who capitalised on it, when they scored their fourth try of the game, coming from a dominant play by Carter who broke an easy tackle and cruised down the line to score his 17th and, after the conversion, 19th points of the match. Yet, he wasn't finished, in the final minute of play he put a kick through for Umaga; Umaga won the race to the ball but went down with his challenger and popped the ball up to a supporting Carter who went in for his second try and then his fifth conversion of the night.
Carter finished with 26 of the team's 41 points and the All Blacks started off their tour on the highest possible note.
Player movement.
Both teams utilised all of their replacement players, bringing them on at some point during the match. Richie McCaw and Tony Woodcock were the two usual starters on the bench making room for run-on debutants Neemia Tialata and Chris Masoe, while Angus MacDonald made his debut off the bench.
Ireland.
Ireland were looking for their first win over the All Blacks throughout the history of rugby between them. The closest they had come was a 10–10 draw in 1973 at Lansdowne Road.
The All Black coaches named a completely different squad than their team that played against Wales with loose forward Sione Lauaki and prop John Afoa making their debuts. Afoa was selected in the initial squad for the Tri Nations earlier in the year but had to wait until the 2005 end-of-year tour before he got on the field. Richie McCaw was named captain while regular captain Tana Umaga was rested. They also named five forward replacements and only two back replacements.
Match summary.
The All Blacks' second test was as good as their first with good win over Ireland on 12 November. The score would have been a shutout, but a late try by Marcus Horan left the full-time score at 45–7. Two tries each to wingers Sitiveni Sivivatu and Doug Howlett and another 20 points contributed by Nick Evans helped the All Blacks to a perfect 2–0 start to their Grand Slam tour.
First half.
Ireland struggled in the first ten minutes, unable to get out of their own half from the pressure the All Blacks applied. The result was inevitable as Sitiveni Sivivatu broke a tackle and scored the first try of the match in the ninth minute of play. Nick Evans converted and the All Blacks were up 7–0.
As possession switched between teams, New Zealand were the first to do something with it when stand-in captain Richie McCaw offloaded to busy halfback Piri Weepu for their second try. Evans missed the conversion, but a penalty five minutes later brought the All Blacks up to 15–0 26 minutes in.
With another penalty in the 35th minute, New Zealand gained a chance at a counter-attack off a kick from Ronan O'Gara that failed to clear the touchline. New Zealand soaked up the Irish pressure and gained possession, No. 8 Mose Tuiali'i broke down the right hand line, passed to Leon MacDonald who fed Sivivatu for his second and New Zealand's third. Evans converted and New Zealand went into half-time with a 25–0 advantage.
Second half.
New Zealand started where they finished off in the second half with Ireland trying to perform better than their poor first half when Nick Evans kicked two penalties in the first eight minutes from some disappointing play from the home side.
A dangerous tackle by Ma'a Nonu on Gordon D'Arcy brought memories of the Tana Umaga "spear tackle" on Brian O'Driscoll in the 2005 British and Irish Lions tour and he was lucky to leave with just a warning.
Five minutes after the tackle, winger Doug Howlett got the wide ball and scored what looked like New Zealand's fourth try of the night, but referee Jonathan Kaplan referred to the television match official and awarded Ireland a line-out instead, after it was determined his leg was out of bounds before the ball was grounded in goal. Ma'a Nonu was also called back after he knocked the ball on over the line. Howlett gained what he thought he had five minutes later with the first of his tries as the All Blacks spread it wide beyond Ireland's capacity, Evans converted and New Zealand were up 28–0.
Ten minutes from full-time Ireland took a quick tap and Shane Horgan scrambled over the line but was unable to ground the ball and they were awarded a penalty five metres out. Four minutes later, when the game was all but over, Howlett prospered from another period of prolonged New Zealand pressure and claimed his second try of the afternoon. Another conversion followed, and New Zealand were up by 45 points.
Ireland finally got on the board two minutes from full-time when Marcus Horan crossed the line from an Irish maul. David Humphreys converted, and the Irish left without the embarrassment of a whitewash.
New Zealand finished the game with a dominant performance, not letting Ireland in until the last minute, racking up their second win of the tour and halfway to their first Grand Slam tour since 1978.
Player movement.
New Zealand used four of their possible seven substitutes, with Saimone Taumoepeau coming on to have his first run-out of the tour. Ireland used six of their subs during the game, with only Kieran Campbell not being used.
England.
England provided the toughest challenge yet with only four points separating the teams at the final whistle. England were the most recent team of the four 2005 opponents to beat the All Blacks with a 15–13 victory in 2003 at Westpac Stadium in Wellington.
New Zealand named the best team possible for the game with only seven of the players staying on from the last test against Ireland. Richie McCaw was a late replacement after copping a head knock in the previous test, he was replaced by Chris Masoe. It was marked and remembered by the three yellow cards referee Alan Lewis delivered to the All Blacks, who at one time were down to 13 men.
Along with Wales, England were celebrating 100 years of test rugby against the All Blacks, first playing on 12 February 1905.
Match summary.
Staunch defence was a major factor in New Zealand's 23–19 win over England on 19 November in front of capacity crowd at a Twickenham Stadium going through a few developments. With 14 men for the better part of the second half, New Zealand kept the home team to just one try, running in two of their own and a total of 10 successful kicks at goal completing the scoring.
First half.
England dominated the early stages of the game, captain Martin Corry running in the first try five minutes in. New Zealand were penalised in their desperation to recover, and England opted for the line-out which got them to the All Blacks' 22-metre line. They completed the line-out and from the ensuing maul the home team scored their first and only try of the match. Charlie Hodgson converted the sideline conversion and the Twickenham crowd settled down to see how the All Blacks would respond.
As the two teams battled for supremacy in all areas it took five-eight Daniel Carter to make the break. Through a weak tackle by Corry on his own 22-metre line, Carter had a two-on-one. He managed to offload to his captain, Tana Umaga, who scored under the posts. Carter converted and the scores were equal 20 minutes in.
After some tremendous defence from both teams, a penalty goal each saw the score move to 10–10 in which was an intensely fought battle, evident in the scrums where England, dominant in their match against Australia a week ago, were being given a much tougher test.
Another penalty by Carter after one missed by Hodgson left the All Blacks with a 13–10 advantage going into halftime after a tough, fast first half.
Second half.
New Zealand were immediately on the front foot five minutes after the restart with Daniel Carter making another break which set up a platform for Keven Mealamu to barrel over. With the conversion successful, New Zealand were out to a 10-point lead early on.
Another penalty each, and the score at 23–13, England sustained enough forward pressure to force Tony Woodcock to commit a yellow card offence in the 57th minute. England responded successfully with two penalties to Hodgson from some nice line-out and driving work by the forwards. The lead was knocked down to four points with a quarter of an hour left in the match with New Zealand still with 14 men.
A couple of minutes before Woodcock was due to return, the replacement prop, Neemia Tialata, was sin-binned and, for a short while, New Zealand were down to 13 men.
England were still unable to score any points though and with both sin-binned players returning, it looked like the All Blacks would be able to hold out for the last four minutes. However, with England threatening on attack, Chris Masoe was penalised for intentionally killing the ball and was shown the yellow card, giving the home team a shot at the win.
Despite the player advantage, England could not create the opportunity to score the try needed for the victory, and New Zealand escaped with their toughest win of the tour.
Player movement.
New Zealand received three yellow cards throughout the game, and were reduced to 13 men at one point. They also utilised all of their replacements except Andrew Hore. England only used one of their seven substitutes, with Matt Stevens coming on for Andrew Sheridan in the 74th minute.

</doc>
<doc id="18769155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769155" title="David Edmonds">
David Edmonds

David Albert Edmonds CBE (born 6 March 1944) is a British businessman, civil servant and administrator, chair of the Legal Services Board. He is also Chairman of NHS Shared Business Services (2004-),Chairman of Swanton Care and Community (2012-), and Chairman of the Pension Trustees at Hammerson PLC.
The son of Albert and Gladys Edmonds of Kingsley, Cheshire, he was educated at Helsby Grammar School and the University of Keele. He was a civil servant from 1966 to 1974 before becoming a visiting fellow at Johns Hopkins University in the U.S. Returning to the British civil service in 1975, from 1979 until 1983 he was Principal Private Secretary to Michael Heseltine, Secretary of State for the Environment. After a year as Under Secretary for Inner City Policy, he became chief executive of the Housing Corporation from 1984 to 1991. He was deputy chairman of the board of the "New Statesman and Society" from 1988 to 1990. He became a managing director within NatWest Group in 1991. He was Director General of Oftel from 1998 to 2003 and chair of NHS Direct from 2004 until 2008. He was appointed as chairman of the Legal Services Board on 17 May 2008. He became Chairman of Wincanton PLC in August 2008.
He was a board member of Hammerson plc (2003-2011), Wincanton PLC (2005-2011, including three years as Chairman), a Legal Services Commissioner (2004-2008), and a founder member of the Ofcom Board (2003-2005). He is currently a Board member of William Hill plc (2005-)., and Barchester Health Care Ltd, and a Governor of Kingston University.
He was the Chairman of the charity Crisis (1994–1999), and a member of the Council of Keele University (1996–2004).
He married Ruth Beech in 1966 and the couple have two sons, two daughters and 11 grandchildren. He lists his recreations as opera, golf, walking and supporting Fulham F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="18769156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769156" title="Ablade Morgan">
Ablade Morgan

Abladey Morgan (born September 13, 1980) is a Ghanaian football (soccer) player last playing at the position of Midfielder for the Ghana club Accra Hearts of Oak SC.
Career.
He began his career by Accra Hearts of Oak SC, he is also one of Accra Hearts of Oak's most experienced striker. In 2005 he had an unsuccessful trial with Al Nasr club of Saudi Arabia.
International.
In 2004 played his one and only game for the Ghana national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="18769182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769182" title="Thomas Harding (1516–1572)">
Thomas Harding (1516–1572)

Thomas Harding (b. at Combe Martin, Devon, 1516; d. at Leuven, September 1572) was an English Roman Catholic priest and controversialist.
Life.
He went to New College, Oxford, in 1534, was admitted a Fellow in 1536, and took his Master's degree in 1542, in which year he was appointed Regius Professor of Hebrew by Henry VIII. Having been ordained priest he became chaplain to Henry Grey, Marquess of Dorchester (afterwards Duke of Suffolk). He at first embraced the Reformed opinions, but on the accession of Mary he declared himself a Catholic, despite the upbraidings of his friend Lady Jane Grey. 
In 1554 he took the degree of Doctor of Divinity and was appointed prebendary of Winchester, becoming treasurer of Salisbury in the following year. He also acted as chaplain and confessor to Bishop Gardiner. When Elizabeth I of England became queen, he was deprived of his preferments and imprisoned. Subsequently he lived in exile in Leuven. There he served St. Gertrude's church and devoted himself to study and to his long controversy with John Jewel, Bishop of Salisbury. 
Works.
In 1564, he published "An answere to Maister Juelles Challenge", Jewel having undertaken to conform to the Catholic Church if any Catholic writer could prove that any of the Church Fathers of six centuries taught any of twenty-seven articles he selected. Jewel replied first in a sermon (which Harding answered in a broadsheet "To Maister John Jeuell", printed at Antwerp in 1565) and then in a book. Against the latter Harding wrote "A Rejoindre to M. Jewel's Replie" (Antwerp, 1566) and "A Rejoindre to M. Jewel's Replie against the Sacrifice of the Mass" (Louvain, 1567). 
Meanwhile he had become engaged in a second controversy with the same author, and, in his confutation of a book entitled an "Apologie of the Church of England" (Antwerp, 1565), he attacked an anonymous work, the authorship of which Jewel admitted in his "Defence of the Apologie of the Churche of Englande". Harding retorted with "A Detection of Sundrie Foule Errours, Lies, Sclaunders, corruptions, and other false Dealinges, touching Doctrine and other matters uttered and practized by M. Jewel" (Louvain, 1568). In 1566 Pope Pius V appointed Harding and Dr. Sander (Nicholas Sanders) Apostolic delegates to England, with special powers of giving faculties to priests and of forbidding Catholics to frequent Protestant services. 
Harding supported exiled English Catholics, and William Allen in founding the English College at Douai. He was buried (16 September 1572) in the Church of St. Gertrude, Leuven.

</doc>
<doc id="18769192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769192" title="Colt Island">
Colt Island

Colt Island () is the closest and smallest of three low-lying, uninhabited islets off the headland of Skerries, County Dublin in Ireland. It is an island of low cliffs and lies about 0.5 km from the mainland, with vegetation consisting of grasses, brambles and other species such as hogweed. Like the other two Skerries Islands, it is important for breeding seabirds and wintering water fowl.

</doc>
<doc id="18769199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769199" title="Eicher School">
Eicher School

Eicher School is one of the top schools in the Faridabad district in the state of Haryana, India, with approximately 2,000 students and 90 teachers. It has well-equipped classrooms and laboratories, features a computer aided teaching system, has well-educated and experienced staff, and holds elections every academic session to elect leaders to help in improving the school. Its principal is Ritu Kohli.
Eicher School has excelled both academically and in co-curricular activities, for which it has received several awards. The school has a strong history in sports, and excels especially in swimming and basketball; it has had swimmers winning national-level awards, and a basketball team that has been district champions many times. It also excels in quiz competitions; a team from the school won a quiz competition held at Alwar, and stood at 18th place out of 295 in the Delhi NIE quiz.
Students of Eicher School follow a food menu system that is one of the most unique in India. Its main competitors are Modern Vidya Niketan and Delhi Public School. The school's two other branches are in Parwanoo and Alwar respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18769200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769200" title="S92">
S92

S92 or S-92 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18769207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769207" title="Pedirka Desert">
Pedirka Desert

The Pedirka Desert is a small Australian desert, about north-west of Oodnadatta and north-east of Coober Pedy in South Australia. Mount Deane and Witjira National Park are just to the north.
The desert is relatively small, occupying about .
Pedirka Desert belongs to the Finke bioregion. The sands are deep-red and it is vegetated by dense mulga woodlands. Dunes in the desert are low, eroded, widely spaced and positioned parallel to each other.
Although the land is not overly appealing to pastoralists it is progressively being developed.

</doc>
<doc id="18769218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769218" title="Crashdïet discography">
Crashdïet discography

The discography of Crashdïet, a Swedish-based hard rock band, consists of three studio albums, eight singles, one EP, and two DVD. This list does not include solo material or sideprojects performed by the members.
Crashdïet is a hard rock band from Stockholm, Sweden. They are a part of the sleaze metal subgenre of glam metal. The band has released four albums, 2005's "Rest in Sleaze", 2007's "The Unattractive Revolution" 2010's "Generation Wild" and 2013's "The Savage Playground".

</doc>
<doc id="18769226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769226" title="Frédéric Meyrieu">
Frédéric Meyrieu

Frédéric Meyrieu (born 9 February 1968 in La Seyne-sur-Mer, Var) is a retired French football player.

</doc>
<doc id="18769250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769250" title="F45">
F45

F45, F-45 or F.45 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="18769254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769254" title="Jetpack (disambiguation)">
Jetpack (disambiguation)

A jet pack (or jetpack) is a jet-powered or rocket-powered device, usually worn on the back, that allows a person to fly.
Jetpack or Jetpac may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18769267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769267" title="Paul A. Porter">
Paul A. Porter

Paul Aldermandt Porter (October 6, 1904 – November 26, 1975) was an American lawyer and politician. He served as chairman of the Federal Communications Commission from 1944 to 1946. He later joined Washington, D.C. law firm Arnold & Fortas, now known as Arnold & Porter.
Biography.
Born in Joplin, Missouri, Porter's family moved to Winchester, Kentucky when he was very young. He graduated from Kentucky Wesleyan College and attained a LL.B. from the University of Kentucky College of Law. While in law school, he worked as city editor for the Lexington "Herald". Fresh from law school, he joined the law firm of Judge J.M. Banton, where he was assigned to work on the Al Smith presidential campaign in Clark County, where he lived. After the election, he joined General Newspapers, where he worked on acquisitions. He was married to Bessie Edgar Banton, a friend from childhood and the daughter of J.M. Banton; they had two children. The couple divorced in 1956, and Porter later married Kathleen Winsor.
Porter served as the Democratic National Committee's head of publicity for the party's successful 1944 election campaign, which saw Democrats increase their majority in the House of Representatives and the reelection of President Franklin D. Roosevelt. Prior to his work for the Democratic Party, Porter had held a number of jobs in the Roosevelt administration, starting with the Department of Agriculture, from 1933 to 1937. He left the government to work as Washington counsel for CBS, taking leave in 1940 to join the National Defense Council. In 1942, Porter left CBS to join the Office of Price Administration as deputy administrator, and then assistant director of the Office of Economic Stabilization under Fred M. Vinson.
FCC service.
Porter was nominated by President Roosevelt on November 16, 1944, to fill out the remaining term of departing FCC chairman James Lawrence Fly, and took office on December 21 of that year under a recess appointment after the Senate failed to take up the nomination before the end of the Congressional session. Roosevelt designated Porter as FCC chairman at the same time, succeeding interim chairman Ewell K. Jett. When the next Congress assembled in January, 1945, Porter was renominated and was unanimously confirmed on January 18, 1945. Porter did not serve out his full term, which would have expired on June 30, 1949, instead leaving the FCC in February, 1946. He was succeeded as chairman by sitting commissioner Charles R. Denny.
President Harry Truman appointed Porter to head the American Economic Mission to Greece, with the rank of ambassador, in 1946. Two years later, he represented the United States at the Middle East peace talks in Geneva. On November 21, 1975, Porter was eating dinner at a restaurant with his wife and friends when he choked on a piece of lobster. He went into a coma, and died five days later at George Washington University Hospital. Porter's personal papers are in the Truman Library.

</doc>
<doc id="18769304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769304" title="Shayne King">
Shayne King

Shayne King (born 1975 in New Plymouth, New Zealand) is a former Grand Prix motocross world champion.
King began competing in the F.I.M. world championships in 1993 and clinched the 500cc title in 1996 riding for the KTM team. He was New Zealand's first-ever motocross world champion. In 1997 he finished in third place behind Joël Smets and his older brother Darryl King. He now competes in New Zealand and Australia, winning the New Zealand national championship in 2003. King was inducted into the New Zealand Motorcycle Hall of Fame in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18769306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769306" title="Sperry UFO case">
Sperry UFO case

The Sperry UFO case was a sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object by the captain, Willis Sperry, and other crew of an American Airlines DC-6 airborne near Mount Vernon, Maryland on 29 May 1950.
Media exposure of the case helped to establish a popular perception of UFOs being reported by "credible" witnesses such as airline pilots; Sperry was interviewed for several newspapers and was later featured in Clarence Greene's 1956 semi-documentary film "".
The sighting.
Sperry's aircraft had left Washington Airport at 9:10 pm EST on a flight to Nashville and was climbing to 20,000 ft. Weather conditions were clear, with the ground obscured by haze, and a full moon around 25° above the horizon. At approximately 9:30pm, seven miles west of Mount Vernon, copilot W. Gates alerted Sperry to a bright blue or bluish light ahead of them and increasing in size. In a letter to "Flying" magazine several months later, Sperry described the light as "a brilliant, diffused, bluish light of fluorescent type [...] 25 times the magnitude of the brightest star". To avert a possible collision, Sperry banked the aircraft and changed course 45° to the right; the light appeared to stop before changing course to parallel the aircraft on the left.
During this period the light very briefly passed between the aircraft and the upper part of the moon, revealing an object with a long silhouette (somewhat reminiscent of a submarine) without visible wings or empennage. In his 1950 letter, Sperry stated the blue light was on the front of the object, which was also seen by the copilot and by flight engineer R. Arnholt.
The object having appeared to pass behind the left wing, the pilots banked to the left and resumed their previous course, but Gates spotted the light again through the right window "as though it had circled behind them". The light then appeared to head eastwards behind the aircraft, and was observed again by Sperry towards the rear left travelling in the direction of the Atlantic; he estimated the total time of observation as around one minute, during which time the light had appeared to be completely stationary at least twice.
Sperry reported his observations to Washington control tower, but they had observed nothing on radar. He also spoke to his passengers, stating that one man had seen an "extremely bright light passing the left side of the ship".
Later interviews.
Apart from newspaper interviews immediately following the sighting, the press having been notified by control tower staff, and his appearance in the 1956 film (where the case was featured alongside the Mantell Incident, Gorman Dogfight and others considered unexplained at the time), Sperry was also interviewed by KABC-TV in 1964. He and Arnholt were further interviewed in 1968 by the prominent ufologist Dr James E. McDonald.
Sperry later learned that Hank Myers, subsequently pilot of President Harry S. Truman's plane, had been piloting another Washington-bound AAA aircraft between Nashville and Knoxville on the same night, and had witnessed a bright meteor which fell eastward from the zenith, but which then appeared to move horizontally for several seconds. Comparing times and the relative position of his aircraft with that of Myers, Sperry felt that this was possibly the same phenomenon or object as he saw. Both he and Gates, the copilot, had however "emphatically discounted" the possibility of the phenomenon being a meteor, due to its movements.

</doc>
<doc id="18769312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769312" title="Front Illustrated Paper">
Front Illustrated Paper

FRONT Illustrated Paper was published by the "Military Publishing and Press Center" ("Vojnoizdavački i novinski centar") of the Yugoslav Peoples Army.
The paper was first published on 25 February 1945. Serving as a reporting tool for the Syrmian Front and other areas of military operations during final phases of the Yugoslav liberation war. It was published on all of the languages of the newly (re)constituted country.
The publishers address was: "Nedeljni Ilustrovani List Front" (Weekly Illustrated Paper - Front), 11001 Beograd, Ulica Svetozara Markovića 70.
In 1975, by edict of the President of the Republic, Marshal Josip Broz - Tito, publication Front was awarded the Order of the brotherhood and unity with golden wreath (I. rank).

</doc>
<doc id="18769316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769316" title="Itaipé">
Itaipé

Itaipé is a Brazilian municipality located in the northeast of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was estimated to be 11,497 people living in a total area of 483 km². The city belongs to the mesoregion of Vale do Mucuri and to the microregion of Teófilo Otoni. It became a municipality in 1962.
Itaipé is located on at an elevation of 847 meters, 66 km. northwest of Teófilo Otoni. The distance to the state capital, Belo Horizonte, is 530 km. Neighboring municipalities are: Novo Cruzeiro, Caraí, Catuji, and Ladainha.
The name is of Tupi origin and means "Path of Stones", due to the presence in the region of many interesting rock formations. The most spectacular is Pedra do Chifre, with an elevation of 1,100 meters, and located on the municipal boundary of Itaipé and Teófilo Otoni. There are also many waterfalls in the region including Cachoeira das Bicas, 3 km. from the city center.
The town began as a district of Araçuai and later Novo Cruzeiro, becoming a municipality in 1962.
The main economic activities are services, small industries, and agriculture. The GDP in 2005 was R$37 million, with 20 million from services, 3 million from industry, and 12 million from agriculture. There were 1,232 rural producers on 38,000 hectares of land. Only 16 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 4,100 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main crops were coffee, sugarcane, beans and corn. There were 6,000 head of cattle (2006). There was one bank (2007) and 347 automobiles (556 motorcycles), giving a ratio of 33 inhabitants per automobile.
There were 2 health clinic and 1 hospital with 26 beds (2005). Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Teófilo Otoni. Educational needs were met by 22 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 1 pre-primary school.
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$100.00 was well below the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last 
place.

</doc>
<doc id="18769323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769323" title="Deir Rafat">
Deir Rafat

Deir Rafat (, ) is a Catholic monastery and former Palestinian village in central Israel, 26 kilometers west of Jerusalem. Located to the north-west of Beit Shemesh, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2011 it had a population of 66.
The monastery was established in 1927 by the Latin partriach Luigi Barlassina.

</doc>
<doc id="18769343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769343" title="Academic health science centre">
Academic health science centre

An academic health science(s) centre (AHSC; also known as an academic health science(s) system, an academic health science(s) partnership or an academic medical centre) is a partnership between one or more universities and healthcare providers focusing on research, clinical services, education and training. AHSCs are intended to ensure that medical research breakthroughs lead to direct clinical benefits for patients. The organisational structures that comprise an AHSC can take a variety of forms, ranging from simple partnerships to, less frequently, fully integrated organisations with a single management board.
There are currently AHSCs in operation in Canada, the Netherlands, Singapore, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the United States.
United Kingdom.
In 2007 a review of healthcare in London led by Professor Lord Darzi, "A Framework for Action", recommended the creation of a number of AHSCs. In October 2007 Imperial College Healthcare became the first AHSC to be established in the UK when the Imperial College London Faculty of Medicine merged with the Hammersmith Hospital and St Mary's NHS trusts. Four more AHSCs have subsequently been established in the UK and one is planned.
The following AHSCs are currently in operation in England:
Oxford University Hospitals
The Scottish national health science centre is Health Science Scotland
United States.
AHSCs currently in operation in the United States include:
Rest of the world.
AHSCs currently in operation in the rest of the world include:

</doc>
<doc id="18769357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769357" title="Yaw Amankwah Mireku">
Yaw Amankwah Mireku

Yaw Amankwah Mireku (born November 25, 1979 in Accra), is a Ghanaian football midfielder who plays for All Stars F.C..
Career.
Amankwah began his career with Hearts and was the team captain. He left after ten years with the team Hearts and signed with I-League team Viva Kerala on 12 June 2007. After one and a half years in India, in January 2008 he signed a contract with Poly Tank Division One League side Pure Joy F.C.. Mireku left Pure Joy F.C. after eleven months and signed with Ghana Premier League club All Stars F.C. in December 2008.
International.
Mireku played for the Black Stars 16 games from 2001 to 2005. He played his first game for the Black Stars on 11 March 2001 against Nigeria national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="18769363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769363" title="Shattered (Turn the Car Around)">
Shattered (Turn the Car Around)

"Shattered (Turn the Car Around)" is the second single and second track from O.A.R.'s sixth studio album, "All Sides". 
Music video.
The video, shot in July 2008 was directed by Danny Clinch. It consists of stop-motion, blurred footage of lead singer Marc Roberge walking around New York City. It also includes footage of the band performing the song atop a building and Roberge standing in the rain.

</doc>
<doc id="18769374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769374" title="Gizo">
Gizo

Gizo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18769379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769379" title="Gizo, Israel">
Gizo, Israel

Gizo () is a Jewish village in central Israel. Located to the north-west of Beit Shemesh, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 214.
The settlement was established in 1960 by the Jewish Agency as a place of residence for teachers of the Gizo Regional Council school. It was named after the biblical city of Gizo (1 Chronicles 11:34) nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="18769393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769393" title="Field marshal (disambiguation)">
Field marshal (disambiguation)

Field marshal may refer to:
People.
See List of field marshals

</doc>
<doc id="18769401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769401" title="Lawrence Adjei">
Lawrence Adjei

Lawrence Adjei-Okyere (born December 23, 1979 in Accra), is a Ghanaian football midfielder who plays for Sporting Club de Bangui.
Career.
Adjei played at the top level of European football with FC Spartak Moscow in the European Champions League 2001. He played from January to June 2008 in India and scored his first goal in Indian for Sporting Clube de Goa vs. East Bengal Club on January 6, 2008. After six months he left India and moved to the Central African Republic team Sporting Club de Bangui.

</doc>
<doc id="18769405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769405" title="Messiah (poem)">
Messiah (poem)

Messiah is a 'sacred eclogue' by Alexander Pope, composed in 1709. It is based on the Fourth Eclogue of Virgil, and is an example of English Classicism's appropriation and reworking of the genres, subject matter and techniques of classical Latin literature.
Samuel Johnson, while still a student at Oxford University, translated Pope's 'Messiah' into Latin hexameters: it was Johnson's first published work (1731).
External links.
Google Books text

</doc>
<doc id="18769409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769409" title="Madathara">
Madathara

Madathara is a village located in Trivandrum District on Kerala. Is a border of the two Districts Trivandrum and Kollam and it is the Major Junction of two states of Kerala and Tamil Nadu, is palace is one of the most beautiful and natural Place in kerala 
Places of interest include the Jawahara Lal Nehru Tropical Botanic Garden of India at Palode, Forest Training School at Arippa, Oil Palm India Ltd's Plantation Estate, the Rocket Propulsion Center at Valiyamala and the Kulathuppuzha Sastha Temple.
Madathara is about 26 km from Nedumangadu, 46 km from Thiruvananthapuram and 74 km from Kollam. The nearest railway station is Thenmala railway station (about 20 km).Thiruvananthapuram International Airport is the nearest airport. Nearest big town is Kadakkal
healthcare 
PRIMARY HEALTH CENTRE

</doc>
<doc id="18769416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769416" title="Guild Street, Aberdeen">
Guild Street, Aberdeen

Guild Street is a main street in the city centre of Aberdeen, Scotland.
Stations.
Guild Street has Aberdeen railway station and the city's rebuilt bus station on it. Alongside these is the site of the former Guild Street railway station which became a goods station after the construction of the "joint" railway station (on the site of the present facility, which is itself the second building to house the "joint" station), but the former goods station has since been closed and demolished, leaving only some goods sidings behind the site.
Union Square.
Guild street is also home to the second biggest shopping centre in Scotland Union Square the centre features around 60 shops including Apple Store, Superdry, Hollister. The centre also features various restaurants like TGI Fridays, Frankie & Benny's, Yo Sushi and opening soon Las Inguanas. The centre also is home to a 10 screen Cineworld the biggest in the region and a 203 bedroom Jury's Inn. The centre opened in 2009 and costed £250 Million and has over 1000 parking spaces.
The centre is built on top of the old Guild Street railway yards and goods station.
Other facilities.
The street also has a rear entrance to the Trinity Shopping Centre and its car park. It is also very close to the harbour.
The closed, but listed building of the Tivoli Theatre is on the street.

</doc>
<doc id="18769420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769420" title="World Wide Telecom Web">
World Wide Telecom Web

World Wide Telecom Web (also called as Spoken Web or Telecom Web) is an initiative to create an alternate web for the under-privileged. It could help bridge the digital divide by bringing the benefits of the information revolution to the billions of underserved people by providing information and services through a voice driven channel over an ordinary phone call. Information on this web could be community created as well as leveraged from World Wide Web. It is essentially a voice driven eco-system parallel and complementary to that of the existing Web. Though primarily meant for the under-served in population in emerging economies, it has several applications for the developed world as well.
WWTW can be accessible to more number of people in the world as it enables an ordinary phone subscriber to join the digital information revolution. This enables a significantly larger fraction of the human population to benefit from existing and envisioned services than what was made possible by WWW. Specifically, it removes accessibility barriers that manifest themselves in terms of illiteracy, unaffordability and lack of relevant information. Further, it provides the means to create and sustain an ecosystem of local (and global) services, information and communities relevant to these underprivileged users.
How it works.
WWTW is a network of interconnected VoiceSites (analogous to web sites) that are voice driven applications "created by" users themselves and "hosted" in the telecom network. VoiceSites can be interconnected using 'VoiLinks' (analogous to hyperlinks) which are links between two voice applications within the web. VoiLinks can span across different enterprises enabling cross-organizational workflows driven by a voice interface over an ordinary phone.
Key enabler technologies include:
1. VoiGen - VoiceSite Creator
2. VoiHost - VoiceSite Hosting Engine
3. HSTP - Hyperspeech Transfer Protocol
4. WWTW Browser - World Wide Telecom Web Browser
Brief history.
World Wide Telecom Web was conceived by Arun Kumar at IBM India Research Lab during late 2004 and was later joined by fellow researcher Nitendra Rajput in mid-2005. Originally, WWTW was primarily viewed as a novel application of speech technology and VoiceXML standard even though use of VoiceSites for under-privileged was one of the listed benefits. During the course of a year, they refined the vision and built a couple of primitive prototypes of VoiceSite generator application christened VoiGen, with the help of fellow researcher Dipanjan Chakraborty and colleague Sandeep Jindal & Rajiv Goyal. In late 2006, inspired by Prof. C.K. Prahalad and led by Ponani Gopalakrishnan (then the director of IBM India Research Lab), Arun and Nitendra along with Dipanjan and Amit Anil Nanavati got funded for an Exploratory Research project to develop technologies for people towards the Base of the Pyramid. Here, WWTW shot into prominence and got recognized as the most compelling ecosystem for illiterate, low earning population of developing countries such as India. The team reported the work done so far in a Research Report. Soon after Sheetal K. Agarwal joined the team. Together this team designed and built the initial technological building blocks of Telecom Web details of which can be found in publications available at World Wide Telecom Web Publications.
This included creation of technology for enabling voice driven workflows spanning across organizational boundaries. Arun proposed the use of out-of-band-signaling mechanism, followed in telecom networks to achieve this. The resulting Hyperspeech Transfer Protocol (HSTP) got designed and created by the team as an HTTP equivalent protocol that enables voice hyperlinks in VoiceSites. The team designed and built the first prototype of this protocol in mid-2007 and reported it in Hypertext Conference in September 2007. The first successful field trial of VoiceSites as a powerful platform for underprivileged population came in the form of Voikiosk system conceived primarily by Nitendra. It is a village portal providing locally relevant content in local language and is available over an ordinary telephone call.

</doc>
<doc id="18769434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769434" title="Dve Mogili">
Dve Mogili

Dve Mogili (, pronounced ) is a town in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Ruse Province. It is the administrative centre of Dve Mogili Municipality, which lies in the western part of the area. Dve Mogili is located 32 kilometres away from the provincial capital of Ruse. As of December 2009, the town has a population of 4,342 inhabitants.
The town's name means "two hills" and is derived from the geographic features of the surrounding area, namely the two hills near the town. Dve Mogili was first mentioned in the early 15th century. In that period, it had a Bulgarian population. In 1656, the village was inhabited by Bulgarians and Turks. During the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78, it had 100 houses and a population of 550.
Dve Mogili was the place where noted Bulgarian hajduk voivode Filip Totyu (1830–1907) spent the last years of his life after the Liberation of Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="18769449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769449" title="Chand Baori">
Chand Baori

Chand Baori is a stepwell situated in the village of Abhaneri near Jaipur in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
Overview.
Abhaneri is a village in the Dausa district of Rajasthan state in India. It is situated at a distance of 95 km from Jaipur, on the Jaipur-Agra road. It is located opposite Harshat Mata Temple and was constructed in 800 AD. It has served as a location for films such as "The Fall" and "The Dark Knight Rises".
History.
Chand Baori is one of the oldest and most attractive landmarks in Rajasthan. It was built by King Chanda of the Nikumbha Dynasty between 800 and 900 AD and was dedicated to Hashat Mata, Goddess of Joy and Happiness upon completion.
The state of Rajasthan is extremely arid, and the intent and final structure of Chand Baori was intended to conserve as much water as possible. At the bottom of the well, the air remains 5-6 degrees cooler than at the surface, and Chand Baori was used as a community gathering place for locals during periods of intense heat.

</doc>
<doc id="18769451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769451" title="Motza Illit">
Motza Illit

Motza Illit (, "lit." Upper Motza) is a rural community on the outskirts of Jerusalem, Israel. It falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 785.
History.
In 1929, Motza was attacked by its Arab neighbors and many residents were murdered. Four years later, a new moshav, Motza Ilit, was established at a higher location on the same hill. In January 1934, a housewarming was held by twenty Jewish families who had built homes in Motza Illit with the aid of the Vaad Leumi and emergency funds.

</doc>
<doc id="18769492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769492" title="Charlotte Craddock">
Charlotte Craddock

Charlotte attended Wolverhampton Grammar School from 2002 to 2005, then joined Repton School in Derbyshire. Charlotte is attending Bristol University where she is studying Geography and continuing to pursue her hockey career. She has a younger brother named Edward, who is also showing signs of being a promising hockey player, and an older sister, Annabel.
She made her international debut as a forward in November 2007 against Argentina. Charlotte represented England in the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi, India, where the Women's team won the bronze medal.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18769493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769493" title="Kawai (disambiguation)">
Kawai (disambiguation)

Kawai may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18769500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769500" title="Stephen Tetteh">
Stephen Tetteh

Stephen Tetteh (born April 11, 1982 in Accra) is a Ghanaian football (soccer) defender, who is currently registered to play for Hearts of Oak in the Glo Premiere League.
Career.
Tetteh began his career with Accra Hearts of Oak in the beginning of the 2000 league campaign. He was part of a formidable defence used in the teams continental truimph and treble-trophy season that year. After helping Hearts of Oak win six national league championships and three continental glories, he left the club in 2007 to Fair Point F.C.. After a one-year stint with the Kpano based team he left his club Fair Point F.C. to join League rival Flying Jets F.C. In 2009, he was registered by the recently promoted Bechem Chelsea for the coming 2009/2010 national league campaign. In summer 2010 signed for PolyTank Division One League club Tema Youth.
International career.
Tetteh was member of the Ghana national under-17 football team at 1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship in New Zealand, here played six goals and scores one goal. His debut for the Black Stars was on 5 May 2001 against Sierra Leone in the Qualification for the FIFA World Cup 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18769508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769508" title="MCSP">
MCSP

MCSP can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18769514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769514" title="High Peaks Venture Partners">
High Peaks Venture Partners

High Peaks Venture Partners is a venture capital firm focused on making Seed and Series A investments in industry transforming information technology companies.
High Peaks limits their investing to companies based in New York and throughout the northeast.
High Peaks was founded in 2004 and is based in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18769519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769519" title="Houwa El-Zaman">
Houwa El-Zaman

"Houwa El-Zaman" is the first studio album by Lebanese singer Haifa Wehbe. It was released in 2002 and was a commercial success.
Track listing.
1. Wahdi <br>
2. Houwa el Zaman <br>
3. Ajmal Sodfa <br>
4. Ahla Kalam <br>
5. Agoul Ahwak <br>
6. Galouli Annou <br>
7. Salem Halak <br>
8. Ma Tekli Kan ou Kan <br>
9. Badi ou Ma Badi <br>
10. Ma Sar <br>

</doc>
<doc id="18769534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769534" title="Neninthe">
Neninthe

Neninthe (English translation: "I am the way i am") is a 2008 Telugu movie written and directed by Puri Jagannadh. Ravi Teja plays the lead role while Siya is the female lead in her debut. Chakri is the music director. Though this film failed miserably at the box office, it won three Nandi Awards-Ravi Teja as best actor, best story by Puri Jagannadh and best fight sequences by Ram-Lakshman. The movie is dubbed in Hindi as "Ek Aur Vinashak" and in Tamil as "Natchathiram".
Plot.
Ravi (Ravi Teja) works as an assistant director and Narayana (M. S. Narayana) as co-director for director Idly Viswanath(Brahmanandam) in the Telugu film industry. During the shooting Ravi meets Sandhya (Siya Gautham), a group dancer. Sandhya' s sister Surekha (Surekha Vani) get married to Rambabu (Krishna Bhagavaan) who harasses her only to exploit Sandhya. Ravi narrates an interesting story to the producer (Sayaji Shinde). But he is not ready to take the risk with a debutant director like Ravi.
Meanwhile, a rich goon Yadu (Supreet Reddy), who usurps prime lands casts his eyes on Sandhya and Rambabu tries to make use of this in his favour. At this juncture, Ravi narrates the story to hero Mallik (Subbaraju) who also expresses his doubts regarding its feasibility. When Ravi pleads for a chance, he agrees for a trial shoot and they seek the help of Sandhya and other friends. Popular director VV Vinayak asks Ravi for a heroine. Having seen Sandhya's performance in the trial shoot, he books her.
When Sandhya becomes a heroine, Rambabu ignores Yadu. Mallik impressed with the trial shoot, convinces the producer. The producer had suffered much loss due to Idly vishwanath's film. The film shooting begins with Mallik as hero and Sandhya as heroine. At this time, an item dancer Mumaith (Mumaith Khan), who had an affair with Mallik attempts suicide and is raped. This and the paucity of funds puts the project in trouble. Yadu comes forward to finance the project. But once the shootingis over Ravi finds his name missing in the titles. Eventually he teaches Yadu a lesson and replaces the name.
Awards.
This film won Nandi Awards for the following categories:

</doc>
<doc id="18769542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769542" title="Directional Recoil Identification From Tracks">
Directional Recoil Identification From Tracks

The Directional Recoil Identification From Tracks (DRIFT) detector is a low pressure negative ion time projection chamber (NITPC) designed to detect weakly interacting massive particles (WIMPs) - a prime dark matter candidate. 
There are currently two DRIFT detectors in operation. DRIFT-IIb, which is located 1100m underground in the Boulby Underground Laboratory at the Boulby Mine in North Yorkshire, England, and DRIFT-IIc, which is located on the surface at Occidental College, Los Angeles, CA, USA.
The DRIFT collaboration ultimately aims to develop and operate an underground array of DRIFT detectors for observing and reconstructing WIMP-induced nuclear recoil tracks with enough precision to provide a signature of the dark matter halo.
WIMP Detection.
There are numerous experiments worldwide attempting to detect the energy deposition that is expected to occur when a WIMP directly collides with an atom of ordinary matter. Ultra sensitive experiments are required to detect the low energy and extremely rare interaction that is predicted to occur between a WIMP and the nucleus of an atom in a target material. The DRIFT detectors vary from the majority of WIMP detectors in their use of a low pressure gas as a target material. The low pressure gas means that an interaction within the detector causes an ionisation track of measurable length compared to the point like interactions seen in detectors with solid or liquid target materials. Such ionisation tracks can be reconstructed in three dimensions to determine not only the type of particle that caused it, but from which direction the particle came. This directional sensitivity has the potential to prove the existence of WIMPs by their distinct directional signature.
Detection technology.
The DRIFT detector's target material is a 1 m3 volume of low pressure carbon disulfide (CS2) gas. It is predicted that WIMPs will occasionally collide with the nucleus of a sulfur or carbon atom in the carbon disulfide gas causing the nucleus to recoil. An energetic recoiling nucleus will ionise gas particles creating a path of free electrons. These free electrons readily attach to the electronegative CS2 molecules creating a track of CS2- ions. A cathode at -34 kV in the center of the gas volume produces a static electric field that causes these negative ions to be drifted, whilst maintaining the track structure, to the MWPC planes at the edges of the detector.

</doc>
<doc id="18769576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769576" title="Mirko Vidaković">
Mirko Vidaković

Mirko pl. Vidaković (October 29, 1924 - August 15, 2002) was Croatian botanist and dendrologist and the expert for the genetics of the forest trees.
Biography.
Vidaković was born in Lemeš, Bačka, to a family of Bunjevci Croats. He attained a professional qualification of engineer of forestry before 1949, when he was first employed as a lecturer at the Faculty of Forestry of the University of Zagreb ().
He was a member of Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts (HAZU) since 1981.
He was the "predstojnik" (chairman) of the arboretum in Trsteno since 1970.
He worked as UNDP's and FAO's expert in Pakistan, Vietnam and Hungary.
Together with forestry of Našice, in 1996 he founded first clone seminal plantation of pedunculate oak in Croatia.
He died in Zagreb at the age of 77.
Works.
His works were published in various editions from international scientific gatherings, symposiums and consultations, mostly in area of ecological valorization of littoral carst, mechanization of agriculture, adaptation of forests to climate change etc..
He published his works in "Annales forestales".

</doc>
<doc id="18769583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769583" title="Chris Bradford">
Chris Bradford

Chris Bradford is an author, professional musician and black belt martial artist, best known for his children's fictional series, "Young Samurai". 
The first "Young Samurai" book, "The Way of the Warrior", was published by Puffin Books in 2008. Disney bought the rights in the same year and are due to publish early 2009. Bradford has also written a number of books on the music business, including the critically acclaimed "Heart & Soul: Revealing the Craft of Songwriting" (Sanctuary, 2005), "Crash Course Songwriting" (Omnibus, 2007) and the three-part illustrated series of music business books for teenagers, "Record Deals OutLoud", "Music Publishing OutLoud" and "Artist Management OutLoud" (Music Sales, 2006).
Before becoming a full-time author, Bradford was a professional songwriter, who worked with many successful musicians including Dave Calhoqoun ("Ian Brown" 'F.E.A.R.'); "Ivor Novello" winner Iain Archer (Snow Patrol); and the legendary Graham Gouldman (10cc). As an artist himself, Bradford performed with James Blunt, at the Notting Hill Carnival and for Queen Elizabeth II.
As a martial artist, Bradford joined a Judo club at the age of 8 years and has over 20 years experience in martial arts in various styles including Shotokan Karate, Muay Thai, Aikido and Taijutsu in which he is a black belt. Bradford now trains in Iaido and Wado Ryu Karate.
In 2013, Bradford published the first book in a new series, 'Bodyguard: Hostage'. The book involves a young teenage bodyguard Connor Reeves assigned to protect the daughter of the US President. At an event in Abingdon in 2013, Bradford revealed that there are six books planned in the series, with an overarching conspiracy hinted at in the first book.

</doc>
<doc id="18769584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769584" title="2008 Team Speedway Polish Championship">
2008 Team Speedway Polish Championship

The 2008 Team Speedway Polish Championship (, DMP) is the 2008 version of the Team Speedway Polish Championship organized by the Polish Motor Union (PZM) and Speedway Ekstraliga LLC ("Ekstraliga Żużlowa Sp. z o.o."). In 2008 there are three leagues: Ekstraliga, First and Second League. The Ekstraliga and First League have eight teams competing; the Second League has seven teams.
The winner of the top division (the Ekstraliga) will be the 2008 Team Polish Champion ("Drużynowy Mistrz Polski"). The Finals will take place on September 28 and October 19. The defending Polish Champions are Unia Leszno who won in 2007 after defeating Unibax Toruń in the play-off final.

</doc>
<doc id="18769591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769591" title="Annemiek de Haan">
Annemiek de Haan

Annemiek de Haan (born 15 July 1981 in Haren, Groningen) is a rower from the Netherlands.
De Haan started rowing in 1999 and made her international debut in the fours at the 1999 Junior World Championships in Plovdiv. Together with Melina Bus, Anja Mourik and Mirthe Kamp she won the bronze medal. The following years De Haan was not that successful in rowing anymore, but she returned for the 2002 Under-23 World Championships in Genoa in the double sculls with Sarah Siegelaar, here they became fifth. A year later in Belgrade she formed a fours boat with Kamp, Susan van Kuijeren and Mette Beugelsdijk to claim another fifth place at the World Championships. As of 2004 she started participating in the Rowing World Cup circuit on senior level and she rowed to a fourth position in the fours with Marlies Smulders, Froukje Wegman and Hurnet Dekkers. Later in the year she took part in the Dutch eights that got to the fourth place in the World Cup in Munich, they qualified for the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal there. The team existed of De Haan, Froukje Wegman, Marlies Smulders, Nienke Hommes, Hurnet Dekkers, Annemarieke van Rumpt, Sarah Siegelaar, Helen Tanger and cox Ester Workel.
In 2005 it was time to start with the new Dutch eights project. The team existing of De Haan, Sanne Beukers, Nienke Hommes, Hurnet Dekkers, Annemarieke van Rumpt, Laura Posthuma, Femke Dekker, Helen Tanger and Ester Workel managed to row to the second spot at the World Cup meeting in Munich straight away. With Marlies Smulders instead of Hommes they reached the same spot in Luzern. Hommes returned to the team instead of Smulders for the World Championships, while Beukers was replaced by Nienke Dekkers. This team dropped down one place and won the bronze medal. In 2006 De Haan remained in the eights and they rowed to a fifth position at the World Championships in Eton. Together with Van Rumpt she also achieved a third place in the World Cup in Luzern.
She returned to the eights in 2007 rowing to two third positions in the World Cup in Linz and Luzern as well as the first place in Amsterdam with Jacobine Veenhoven, Smulders, Hurnet Dekkers, Van Rumpt, Roline Repelaer van Driel, Sarah Siegelaar, Dekker and Workel. Then at the World Championships in Munich the team failed to achieve the A-final and had to be satisfied with the 7th position overall. In 2008 the team tried to qualify for the 2008 Summer Olympics and at the first World Cup in Munich Veenhoven was replaced by Nienke Dekkers while Hurnet Dekkers was replaced by Nienke Kingma; they finished in fourth position. Helen Tanger replaced Nienke Dekkers in the second meeting held in Luzern and another fourth position was achieved. This also meant the Olympic qualification was accomplished.

</doc>
<doc id="18769597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769597" title="Zrinjevac">
Zrinjevac

Zrinjevac may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="18769605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769605" title="Misaki (disambiguation)">
Misaki (disambiguation)

Misaki is a collective term for divine spirits in Japan. This may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18769623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769623" title="Quibala">
Quibala

Quibala (also written Kibala) is a municipality in Cuanza Sul, Angola. It comprises an area of 5,875 km. It is bordered by the city of Calulo in the north, by the town of Waku-Kungo in the east, by the municipality of Ebo in the south, and in the west by the municipality of Gabela and by Porto Amboim.

</doc>
<doc id="18769624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769624" title="Mao (city)">
Mao (city)

The Dominican city of Santa Cruz de Mao, or simply Mao, is the head municipality of the Valverde province, in the northwest of the country.
It is the largest city of the Dominican northwest and the centre of the region. Its name, a Taíno word, comes from the River Mao, near the city. Its nickname is "Ciudad de los Bellos Atardeceres" (English, "City of the Beautiful Sunsets") because there are no mountains to the west of the city and it is common to see a "red" sky during the sunset; it is a very dry region and there is much dust in the air which gives the sky a red color.
History.
For most of its history, the region was called "El Despoblado"; that means a region without any population, because it is a very dry region and agriculture was not possible.
When the governor of the Spanish colony gave the order in 1606 that everybody living on the northern coast had to move inland, some people came to live around the present Mao. They had cows that were raised in "hatos"; "hato" means a large farm for raising cattle (a ranch). And so "hato" is the name of many places around Mao: Hatico, Hato del Yaque, Hato Nuevo, Hato Viejo, Hato del Medio.
The town of Mao was built close to where the River Mao flows into the River Yaque del Norte. The first Catholic church was built in 1869.
Mao was made a "Puesto Cantonal" (an old category similar to the present Municipal District under a military government). In 1882, Mao was elevated to the category of municipality and in 1904 its official name was changed to "Valverde" after José Desiderio Valverde, former President of the Dominican Republic. Because the name Mao was known by everybody and Valverde was a new name, people called the city "Valverde (Mao)", and it is still common to say so.
When the province was created in 1959, Mao was made its head municipality and provincial capital.
Mao holds the record for the highest temperature ever recorded in the Dominican Republic with 43.0 °C (109.4 °F) in 1954-08-31.
Economy.
The main economic activity of the province is agriculture; the main products in the municipality are rice, bananas and plantain.

</doc>
<doc id="18769626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769626" title="Billown Circuit">
Billown Circuit

The Billown Circuit describes a motor-cycle racing course used for the Southern 100, Pre-TT Classic Races and the National Road Races Meeting in Castletown in the Isle of Man. The racing is held on public roads closed for racing by an Act of Tynwald (the parliament of the Isle of Man).
The course is 4.25 miles (6.44 km) long and is in the parishes of Arbory and Rushen in the Isle of Man. The course start-line is in Castletown in the Isle of Man which includes the primary A5 New Castletown Road, A28 Castletown to Ballabeg Road, A7 Ballasalla to Port Erin Road and the A3 Castletown to Ramsey Road.
History.
Following the closure of the former RAF Station at Andreas to motor-cycle racing in 1954 and to celebrate the success of George 'Sparrow' Costain and Derek Ennett at the 1954 Manx Grand Prix it was proposed at a meeting of the Southern Motor-Cycle Club (SMCC) that a motor-cycle circuit would be developed in area around Castletown in the Isle of Man. The proposal of a "South TT" using roads around the new Castletown A5 by-pass and the Billown Mansion was met with a luke-warm response and an application for a grant of £500 for race expenditure was rejected by the Tynwald Race Committee in April 1955. A grant of £500 from local business including T.H.Coleburn Ltd for a public address system enabled the first Southern 100 Road Race meeting to be scheduled for July 1955 as a club motor-cycle racing meeting. 
The Billown Circuit became a regional registered circuit in 1956 and a National Racing circuit in 1957 with a maximum of 45 entries per class In 1988 a new race meeting was introduced with the Pre-TT Classic Races followed by the National Road Races in 1990. The re-introduction of two-stroke motor-cycle racing at the 2008 Isle of Man TT with a Lightweight TT and Ultra-Lightweight TT race, the first time the Billown Circuit hosted Isle of Man TT races as part of the 2008 National Road Race meeting.
Speed and Race Records.
The lap record for the Billown Circuit is 2 minutes 13.923 seconds at an average speed of 114.245 mph set by Guy Martin during the 2013 Southern 100 Races.

</doc>
<doc id="18769630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769630" title="Nicky Smith">
Nicky Smith

Nicholas Leslie "Nicky" Smith (born 28 January 1969) is a former professional footballer. After his professional career ended, he played for several non-League teams whilst serving as a policeman and has captained, coached and managed the England police team, as well as managing AFC Sudbury.
Career.
Born in Berkeley, Gloucestershire, Smith started his career at Southend United in the mid-1980s, before moving to Colchester United in 1990. He signed for Northampton Town in 1994, but made only six appearances before dropping into non-League with Sudbury Town in 1995, where he played alongside several other ex-Colchester players in a team that reached the first round of the FA Cup for the first time in the club's history.
After leaving Sudbury, he played for several non-League clubs in East Anglia, including Cambridge City, Braintree Town, Maldon Town and Witham Town, before returning to Sudbury in 2006. In 2007 he became player-assistant manager, and on 17 May 2008 he was appointed manager of AFC Sudbury following the departure of Mark Morsley. He resigned from the position in September 2011. In 2012 he was appointed to the management team of Saffron Walden Town.

</doc>
<doc id="18769631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769631" title="Neil Hudson">
Neil Hudson

Neil Hudson is a British former 250cc Motocross World Champion.
Biography.
In 1979, Hudson finished second to Håkan Carlquist in the 250cc motocross world championship riding a Maico. He won the F.I.M. 250cc motocross world champion in 1981 as a member of the Yamaha factory racing team. He was the first British rider to win a 250cc motocross championship. He moved up to the 500cc class in 1982 and finished the season in third place behind Brad Lackey and André Vromas.

</doc>
<doc id="18769658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769658" title="Craig Bird">
Craig Bird

Craig Bird (born 21 January 1989) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL). 
He was drafted to the Swans with the 59th pick in the 2007 AFL Draft after previously being part of the NSW AFL Scholarship Program. He was recruited from Nelson Bay and made his debut in round one of 2008 season, wearing the number 14 guernsey, previously worn by club legends Paul Kelly and Bob Skilton. At the end of the 2008 season he was named as the Sydney Swans Rising Star of 2008 tied with Kieran Jack.
His 2010 season was delayed due to a stress fracture of the toe.
Bird enjoyed his best year at the Swans in 2011, managing to play 22 out of 24 games for the season. Bird was given a tagging role for much of the year and played the role exceptionally well for the most part. He played on some of the best midfielders in the league over the course of the season. However his best performance of the year came against the Western Bulldogs in round 18 when he kicked 4 goals as a defensive forward having been given the job of limiting the influence of dangerous rebounding defender, Rob Murphy.
Bird continued his consistent run of form in 2012 as he played on the competition's best midfielders and running defenders. Bird took his place in the Swans' 22 for the 2012 AFL Grand Final victory and went on to finish 9th in the 2012 Bob Skilton Medal, the highest placing of his career to date.

</doc>
<doc id="18769662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769662" title="Grand Loop Road Historic District">
Grand Loop Road Historic District

The Grand Loop Road Historic District encompasses the primary road system in Yellowstone National Park. Much of the system was originally planned by Captain Hiram M. Chittenden of the US Army Corps of Engineers in the early days of the park, when it was under military administration. The Grand Loop Road provides access to the major features of the park, including the Upper, Midway and Lower geyser basins, Mammoth Hot Springs, Tower Fall, the Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone and Lake Yellowstone.
A number of other historic districts adjoin the Grand Loop in Yellowstone, including Mammoth Hot Springs, North Entrance Road, Roosevelt Lodge, Lake Fish Hatchery and Old Faithful historic districts.
The Grand Loop Road includes unsigned portions of US 20, US 89, US 191 and US 287, all of which traverse the park. The road was named by Harry W. Frantz in 1923, who served as the park's publicist before beginning a long career as a journalist.
Route.
Beginning at the junction of the North Entrance Road and Grand Loop Road at Yellowstone National Park headquarters at Fort Yellowstone near Mammoth Hot Springs , the road travels south, passing through Golden Gate Canyon on a viaduct and ascending the Gallatin Range, crossing Kingman Pass near Bunsen Peak. From the pass, the road descends into the Gardner River valley. At the south end of the valley, the road passes Sheepeater Cliff, a prominent columnar basalt cliff. After crossing the Gardner River, the road follows Obsidian Creek into Obsidian Canyon, passing Obsidian Cliff about halfway through the canyon. From Obsidian Canyon, the road continues south into the Norris Valley and the Norris Geyser Basin . Here, the road meets the Gibbon River and follows it into the Gibbon Geyser Basin and Gibbon Canyon. Emerging from the canyon the Gibbon River merges with the Firehole River to form the Madison River. At this point—Madison Junction , the road junctions with West Entrance Road which follows the Madison River west out of the park and to West Yellowstone, Montana. 
Grand Loop Road continues to follow the Firehole River south and east. In a relatively short distance, the road travels through the three most notable geyser basins in the park: Lower Geyser Basin, Midway Geyser Basin and Upper Geyser Basin. The Old Faithful Historic District is located on the Grand Loop Road adjacent to the Upper Geyser Basin. Turning east from Old Faithful the road crosses the Continental Divide over Craig Pass, and descends to the West Thumb Geyser Basin on the shore of Yellowstone Lake. West Thumb is the southernmost point on the Great Loop road. Here the road junctions with South Entrance Road which continues south to Grand Teton National Park.
The Grand Loop Road continues north along the shore of Yellowstone Lake. Near the northern end of the lake it passes the Lake Hotel and the Lake Fish Hatchery Historic District. Just past the Lake Hotel area , the East Entrance Road turns right and crosses the Yellowstone River over Fishing Bridge and continues east to Cody, Wyoming. The Grand Loop Road follows the western side of the Yellowstone River north into the Hayden Valley and past upper Yellowstone Falls near the mouth of the Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone. The road then crosses Dunraven Pass near Mount Washburn and descends to Tower Fall and Tower Junction where it intersects with the North East Entrance Road to Cooke City, Montana.
From Tower Junction, the road travels north and then west through the Gallatin Range to complete the loop at Mammoth Hot Springs.

</doc>
<doc id="18769681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769681" title="Abubakari Kankani">
Abubakari Kankani

Abubakari Kankani (born December 25, 1976) is a Ghanaian football (soccer) player currently playing at the position of Goalkeeper for the Ghana club Norchip Sepe Timpom.
International.
Kankani played from 2001 to 2003 4 international games for Ghana. He played in the 2002 African Cup of Nations in Mali as the third keeper from Ghana after James Nanor and Sammy Adjei.

</doc>
<doc id="18769690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769690" title="Grand Lac Nominingue">
Grand Lac Nominingue

Grand Lac Nominingue is a lake in Southwest Quebec, located in the Laurentian Mountains, bordering the village of Nominingue. It is connected to Petit Lac Nominingue through a river.

</doc>
<doc id="18769694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769694" title="Thisanotia chrysonuchella">
Thisanotia chrysonuchella

Thisanotia chrysonuchella is a moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 24–34 mm. The moth flies in one generation from May to June. .
The larvae feed on various grasses such as "Festuca ovina".

</doc>
<doc id="18769712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769712" title="Fresh Water Canal">
Fresh Water Canal

The Fresh Water Canal, the same as Sweet Water Canal, is a modern canal of Egypt, also called the Ismaïlia Canal, that runs through the now dry distributary of the Wadi Tumilat and from Cairo to Suez. Designed by French engineers, it was constructed between 1861 and 1863.
The course that this canal follows reportedly incorporated portions of an earlier "Suez" canal that existed between Old Cairo and the Red Sea – constructed by either 'Amr ibn al-'As, Omar the Great, or Trajan.
The terms "Fresh Water Canal, Sweet Water Canal" and "Ismaïlia Canal" have been used interchangeably by previous writers. For example, Rappoport states that it is "the fresh-water canal which supplies drinking water" between "Port Said and all the floating population about the banks of the Suez Canal." Also already are the terms "Ismaïlia Canal" and "Fresh Water Canal" used interchangeably, causing a source of confusion.

</doc>
<doc id="18769725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769725" title="Bengeo Primary School">
Bengeo Primary School

Bengeo Primary School is a Primary School situated in Bengeo.

</doc>
<doc id="18769747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769747" title="Cochylis nana">
Cochylis nana

Cochylis nana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe, Amur Oblast and Nova Scotia.
The wingspan is 9–12 mm. The moth flies from mid April to mid June.
The larvae feed on birch species.

</doc>
<doc id="18769762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769762" title="UNIQUAC">
UNIQUAC

UNIQUAC (short for "UNI"versal "QUA"si"C"hemical) is an activity coefficient model used in description of phase equilibria. 
The model is a so-called lattice model and has been derived from a first order approximation
of interacting molecule surfaces in statistical thermodynamics. The model is however not fully thermodynamically consistent due to its two liquid mixture approach. In this approach the local concentration around one central molecule is assumed to be independent from the local composition around another type of molecule.
It has been shown that while the local compositions are correlated, ignoring this correlation gives little effect on the correlation of activity coefficients. Today the UNIQUAC model is frequently applied in the description of phase equilibria (i.e. liquid–solid, liquid–liquid or liquid–vapor equilibrium). The UNIQUAC model also serves as the basis of the development of the group contribution method UNIFAC, where molecules are subdivided in atomic groups. In fact, UNIQUAC is equal to UNIFAC for mixtures of molecules, which are not subdivided; e.g. the binary systems water-methanol, methanol-acryonitrile and formaldehyde-DMF.
A more thermodynamically consistent form of UNIQUAC is given by the more recent COSMOSPACE and the equivalent GEQUAC model.
Equations.
In the UNIQUAC model the activity coefficients of the "i"th component of a two component mixture are described by a combinatorial and a residual contribution.
formula_1
The first is an entropic term quantifying the deviation from ideal solubility as a result of differences in molecule shape. The latter is an enthalpic correction caused by the change in interacting forces between different molecules upon mixing.
Combinatorial contribution.
The combinatorial contribution accounts for shape differences between molecules and affects the entropy of the mixture and is based on the lattice theory. 
The excess entropy γC is calculated exclusively from the pure chemical parameters, using the relative Van der Waals volumes "r""i" and surface areas qi of the pure chemicals.
formula_2
<br>
With the volume fraction per mixture mole fraction, Vi, for the ith
component given by:
<br>
formula_3
<br>
And the surface area fraction per mixture molar fraction, Fi, for the
ith component given by:
<br>
formula_4
<br>
The first 3 terms on the right hand side of the combinatorial term form the Flory-Huggins contribution, while the left terms, the Guggenhem-Staverman correction, reduce this because a connecting segments cannot be placed in all direction in space. This spatial correction shifts the result of the Flory-Huggins term about 5% towards an ideal solution. The coordination number, z, i.e. the number of close interacting molecules around a central molecule, is frequently set to 10. It can be regarded as an average value that lies between cubic (z=6) and hexagonal packing (z=12) of molecules that are simplified by spheres.
In the limit of infinite dilution and a binary mixture the equations for the combinatorial contribution reduces to:
formula_5
This pair of equation shows that molecules of same shape, i.e. same r and q parameters, have formula_6
Residual contribution.
The residual term contains an empirical parameter, formula_7, which is derived from
experimental or occasionally estimated activity coefficients. The expression for the residual activity coefficient for molecule i is:
formula_8
with
formula_9
Δuij [J/mol] is the binary interaction energy parameter. Theory defines 
Δuij = uij – uii, and Δuji = uji – ujj, where uij is the interaction energy between molecules i and j.
Usually Δuij ≠ Δuji, because the energies of evaporation (i.e. uii), are in many cases different, while the energy of interaction between molecule i and j is symmetric, and therefore uij=uji. If the interactions between the j molecules and i molecules is the same as between molecules i and j, than mixing has no excess energy effect upon mixing, Δuij=Δuji=0. And thus formula_10
Alternatively, in some process simulation software formula_7 can be expressed as follows :
formula_12 .
The "C", "D", and "E" coefficients are primarily used in fitting liquid–liquid equilibria (with "D" and "E" rarely used at that). The "C" coefficient is useful in vapor-liquid equilibria as well. The use of such an expression ignores the fact that on a molecular level the energy, Δuij, is temperature independent. It is a correction to repair the simplifications, which were applied in the derivation of the model.
Applications.
Activity coefficients can be used to predict simple phase equilibria (vapour–liquid, liquid–liquid, solid–liquid), or to estimate other physical properties (e.g. viscosity of mixtures). Models such as UNIQUAC allow chemical engineers to predict the phase behavior of multicomponent chemical mixtures. They are commonly used in process simulation programs to calculate the mass balance in and around separation units.
Parameters.
UNIQUAC requires two basic underlying parameters:
Newer developments.
UNIQUAC has been extended by several research groups. Some selected derivatives are:

</doc>
<doc id="18769768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769768" title="Anna Hornby">
Anna Hornby

Anna Hornby, N.E.A.C (1914–1996) was an English painter, calligrapher and member of the New English Art Club.
Life and work.
Anna Hornby was born on the 6th April 1914 and educated at the independent Westonbirt School, Gloucestershire. She went on to study art in Florence with landscape and flower painter Aubrey Waterfield in 1934, and later that year enrolled at the Byam Shaw School of Art in London where she studied under Francis Ernest Jackson, graduating in 1940.
Apart from painting, Calligraphy was Anna's other great passion - in 1952 she was appointed Honorary Secretary of the Society for Italic Handwriting, a post she held until 1962. Through her interest in calligraphy and her association with the Society, she became acquainted with Alfred John Fairbank, whose portrait Anna painted (exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1961). Fairbank was a founding member of the Society of Scribes and Illuminators in 1921, and was also involved in the foundation of the Society for Italic Handwriting in 1952.
Anna was also a member of the Art Works’ Guild and was elected member of the New English Art Club in 1971. She exhibited widely with no fewer than 13 pictures at the Royal Academy, additionally she exhibited at the Royal Society of Painters in Watercolours, The Royal Society of Portrait Painters and the Royal Society of British Artists.
Anna Hornby died in 1996, bequeathing paintings by Peter Greenham and Francis Ernest Jackson to the Ashmolean Museum of Art, Oxford. Many of her papers and letters, including correspondence with Alfred John Fairbank are held in the archives of the Bodleian Library, University of Oxford and the National Art Library, London.
Exhibitions.
Pictures exhibited at the Royal Academy, London

</doc>
<doc id="18769779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769779" title="Kawamata">
Kawamata

Kawamata (written: 川又 or 川俣) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18769782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769782" title="St Patrick's Island">
St Patrick's Island

St Patrick's Island () is the most distant of three low-lying uninhabited islets off the headland of Skerries, County Dublin in Ireland. It is an island of low cliffs and lies about 1.5 km from the mainland, with vegetation consisting of grasses, brambles and other species such as hogweed. It is the most important of the three islands for breeding seabirds. Cormorant, Shag and Herring Gull are the most prominent species.

</doc>
<doc id="18769805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769805" title="Acleris forsskaleana">
Acleris forsskaleana

Acleris forsskaleana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe and North America in woodland and gardens.
The wingspan is 12–17 mm. The moth flies from June to September from dusk onwards.
The main foodplants in Europe are field maple (Acer campestre) and sycamore (A. pseudoplatanus); the larvae can also be found on Norway maple (Acer platanoides).

</doc>
<doc id="18769824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769824" title="Elliott Bay Marina">
Elliott Bay Marina

Elliott Bay Marina is a public marina located in Seattle, Washington. Since it opened in 1991, after 17 years in the planning and permit process. There are 900 slips available for pumpout usage. There is a stationary pumpout located on the fuel dock. The facility also has a Porta-Potty dump station.
The slips range in size from 32 to 63 feet with 52% of the boats between 36 and 50 feet LOA. The boat types are evenly split between sailboats and powerboats, which reflects the great sailing conditions on Puget Sound. Forty boats are liveaboards. Another 60 docks must remain available for transient boaters per agreement with the city.
Marine Services.
Gasoline and diesel fuel can be purchased on site. Over night moorage is available for a fee. The guest dock is 400 feet in length. There are 1250 guest moorage slips available. The total estimated guest boat capacity is 1280. Electrical hook up is available for a fee. Electrical power is available in 30 and 50 amps. It has been reported the minimum depth at mean low tide is 30.
New and used boat sales. The Seattle Yacht Club has an outstation and clubhouse in this marina. Repair services available at Elliott Bay are for light maintenance only. Other services include a fuel dock, pumpout, laundry, and grocery store.
Environmental improvements.
There are three aspects to Elliott Bay Marina's environmental improvements: the temporary steps taken during construction to reduce or ease the negative impacts on marine life; physical features built into the marina to enhance, protect, and encourage marine life; and operational practices that control pollutants or prevent them from entering the water:
Other environmental enhancements.
The 900-car parking lot was built with a series of storm water drains and traps for separating petroleum from the runoff. More than 500 trees, 6,000 shrubs, and wide lawns were planted to act as runoff buffers, control erosion, and beautify the area. The marina fuel dock was designed with double-walled tanks and fuel lines, all equipped with monitors, sensors, and automatic shutoff should a leak occur. Oil booms, spill containment kits, and an aluminum pontoon boat are at the ready should a spill occur in the marina, or to head off one that is drifting in from nearby commercial shipping piers.

</doc>
<doc id="18769832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769832" title="Fujisaki">
Fujisaki

Fujisaki (written: 藤崎) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18769839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769839" title="Tonosho">
Tonosho

Tonosho may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18769845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769845" title="Diabolical">
Diabolical

Diabolical may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18769848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769848" title="Acleris sparsana">
Acleris sparsana

Acleris sparsana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 18–22 mm. The moth flies from June to May of the following year.
The larvae The larva at first lives in a slight web on the underside of a leaf of "Fagus", "Carpinus", "Acer pseudoplatanus" or "Acer campestre". Later on, it constructs a chamber between spun leaves as a base from which to feed on the surrounding foliage. Pupation occurs in the leaves, or in a slight cocoon on the ground. The adult hibernates.

</doc>
<doc id="18769865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769865" title="Acleris variegana">
Acleris variegana

The garden rose tortricid moth or fruit tortricid ("Acleris variegana") is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It has a Palaearctic distribution. The moth flies from July to September mainly at night and is attracted to bright lights. The larvae feed on various trees and shrubs including rose and apple.
Morphology.
The fore wing is parallel-sided with an oblique external margin. The basal half is white or yellowish-white and there is a grayish-brown triangular spot close to the wing root. The distal part of the wing is reddish- or violet-brown, edged by a narrow grayish-yellow strip. The hind wing is brownish-gray. The wingspan is .
Biology.
The eggs are oval, light yellow for the summer generation and milky-white or orange for over-wintering eggs. The larva is yellowish with a shiny brown head. The pupa is long. Hatching caterpillars in spring eat fruit buds. Later they tie leaves into bundles with the help of webbing that they spin. They can skeletonize young leaves and also do damage to buds, flowers, ovaries and unripe fruits. In spring, eggs are laid in large batches. Moths of summer generations lay eggs one by one or in small batches of three to six eggs on leaves, petioles and shoots. Over-wintering eggs are found close to fruit buds.
Distribution.
This is a common species all over Europe and can also be found in Northern and Central Asia, China, Japan and North America.
Economic significance.
The species is a significant pest of plants in the rose family including the rose, apple, pear, plum, sloe and apricot where it is mainly the first generation larvae that do the most damage. Caterpillars also cause damage to quince, cherry, hawthorn, almonds, cotoneaster and bird cherry. Other species on which they occasionally feed include hazel, oak, elm, willow and shrubs of the genus "Vaccinium". They can be controlled by chemical or biological methods.

</doc>
<doc id="18769869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769869" title="1962 Detroit Lions season">
1962 Detroit Lions season

The 1962 Detroit Lions season was the 33rd season in franchise history. Finishing two games behind the eventual NFL Champion Packers in the NFL Western Division, it won the third annual Playoff Bowl game against the Pittsburgh Steelers, 17–10.
The Lions never trailed by more than seven points at any point in any game during the season, a feat that wouldn’t be repeated for 48 years. Their Week 11 win over the Packers denied them the NFL’s first true perfect season.
Playoff Bowl.
The game was played at the Orange Bowl in Miami, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="18769899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769899" title="2006 Grand Prix Hassan II">
2006 Grand Prix Hassan II

The 2006 Grand Prix Hassan II was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Casablanca, Morocco. The tournament was held from April 24 to May 1.

</doc>
<doc id="18769908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769908" title="Voss (opera)">
Voss (opera)

Voss is an opera by Australian composer Richard Meale with libretto by David Malouf. It is an adaptation of Patrick White's novel of the same name. The opera was commissioned by The Australian Opera, and premiered at the Adelaide Festival in 1986.
In 2011, Voss was added to the National Film and Sound Archive of Australia's Sounds of Australia registry.
Commission.
In 1977, impresario and administrator Peter Hemmings, general manager of the Australian Opera (as Opera Australia was then known), commissioned Meale to write an opera based on "Voss", Patrick White's 1957 novel.
Work in progress.
White's novel was predominantly set in Queensland, and appropriately, Meale's librettist for the opera was Queensland writer, poet and playwright David Malouf. Malouf completed the libretto in 1978, but "Voss" would not be performed until 1986.
Performance.
A preview.
12 minutes of "Voss" - the "Garden Scene" - was a feature of the 1982 Adelaide Festival
Premiere.
The Australian Opera conducted by Stuart Challender premiered "Voss", directed by Jim Sharman on 1 March 1986 at the Adelaide Festival Theatre.
Later performances.
"Voss" also enjoyed a successful run at the Sydney Opera House.

</doc>
<doc id="18769909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769909" title="Adoxophyes orana">
Adoxophyes orana

The Summer Fruit Tortrix "(Adoxophyes orana)" is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone and Taiwan.
The wingspan is 17–22 mm. The moth flies in two generations from May to November. 
The larvae overwinter in loosely woven cocoons.
The larvae feed on various trees and shrubs with a preference for Rosaceous plants, particularly Apple ("Malus domestica") and Pear ("Prunus pyrifolia"). The species is considered a pest due to the damage the larvae do to fruit trees while feeding.

</doc>
<doc id="18769929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769929" title="Ichinohe">
Ichinohe

Ichinohe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18769934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769934" title="Yamanobe">
Yamanobe

Yamanobe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18769950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769950" title="Syndemis musculana">
Syndemis musculana

__NOTOC__
Syndemis musculana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 15–22 mm. The adults fly from April to July in the temperate parts of their range, such as Belgium and The Netherlands.
The caterpillars feed on oaks ("Quercus"), birches ("Betula"), spruces ("Picea"), ragworts ("Senecio") and "Rubus" (brambles and allies). Less usually, they have been recorded to eat plant refuse and dry leaves.
Synonyms.
Obsolete scientific names of this species are:

</doc>
<doc id="18769955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769955" title="Dimple Jhangiani">
Dimple Jhangiani

Dimple Jhangiani is an Indian television actress. Her first appearance in Tellywood began with her playing the role of Kanya in the very famous serial Kuchh Is Tara on Sony Entertainment Television. Dimple Jhangiani had joined Kis Desh Mein Hai Mera Dil, and played the role of Sanjana as Harshad Chopra's (Prem) close friend. She also played RajKumari Sandhya in Raja Ki Aayegi Baraat (TV series). She played the role of Nimrit in Life OK's Amrit Manthan as the lead but she had been replace by Ankita Sharma due to the story. After her exit from Amrit Manthan she did a short Tele Film on Star Plus's Teri Meri Love Stories. 
She has re-entered the show Amrit Manthan again. She was last seen as Minty in Mrs. Pammi Pyarelal
Shows.
Dimple was offered the mainlead in Qubool Hai. However, Dimple decided to make a comeback in Amrit Manthan since she was also offered the role of Shivangi in the show by Rajan Shahi, the producer of Amrit Manthan. 
Not happy with the weak role given to her by Rajan Shahi, Dimple left Amrit Manthan again.

</doc>
<doc id="18769966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769966" title="Miroljub">
Miroljub

Miroljub is a quarterly magazine in Croatian language from Bačkan city of Sombor, autonomic province of Vojvodina, Serbia. 
Name.
This magazine got its name after Croatian writer from Bačka Miroljub Ante Evetović.
History and Orientation.
Its concern is the community of Croats in Bačka. It contains the texts about the work of HKUD "Vladimir Nazor" from Sombor, historical events, literary work of HKUD's members and members of neighbouring societs and actual events from Sombor and neighbourhood.
Its publisher is "Sekcija za njegovanje kulture i običaja bunjevačkih i šokačkih Hrvata" (Section for Preserving Culture and Tradition of Bunjevac and Šokac Croats) of HKUD "Vladimir Nazor" from Sombor. Miroljub is also the organ of this society.
It was founded in 1998. For a period of time, Miroljub had an online edition. Its editors were Matija Đanić and Josip Z. Pekanović.
Its ISSN is 1452–5976.

</doc>
<doc id="18769981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769981" title="Ptycholoma lecheana">
Ptycholoma lecheana

Ptycholoma lecheana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 16–20 mm. The moth flies from late May to July.
The larvae feed on various trees and shrubs.

</doc>
<doc id="18769997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18769997" title="Pandemis cerasana">
Pandemis cerasana

The Barred Fruit-tree Tortrix "(Pandemis cerasana)" is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 16–25 mm. The moth flies from June to August. .
The larvae feed on various trees and shrubs including apple and pear.

</doc>
<doc id="18770005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18770005" title="Gerald Fitzgibbon">
Gerald Fitzgibbon

Gerald Fitzgibbon (8 October 1866 – 6 December 1942) was an Irish barrister, independent Teachta Dála (TD) and one of the original judges of the Supreme Court of Ireland.
Family.
He came from a noted legal family: his grandfather, Gerald Fitzgibbon was a Queen's Counsel and Master in Chancery and his father, also Gerald Fitzgibbon, was a Lord Justice of the pre-independence Irish Court of Appeal: along with Christopher Palles and Hugh Holmes, the elder Fitzgibbon was credited with making the Court of Appeal a tribunal whose judgements are still quoted with respect today. Mr. Justice Fitzgibbon through his mother was grandson of John FitzGerald, Baron FitzGerald, the first Irish judge to be made a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary.
Early career.
He was born in Dublin, eldest son of Gerald Fitzgibbon and Margaret Anne Fitzgerald. He was educated at the University of Dublin, where he took his degree of Bachelor of Arts. He was called to the Irish Bar in 1887, practised on the Munster Circuit, became Queen's Counsel in 1908, and a Bencher of the King's Inns in 1912.
Political career.
He was elected unopposed to the House of Commons of Southern Ireland at the 1921 elections, representing the University of Dublin constituency as an independent Unionist, and acted as Speaker at its single session. He did not participate in the Second Dáil. He was re-elected for the same constituency at the 1922 general election and became a member of the Third Dáil. He did not contest the 1923 general election.
Supreme Court.
In 1924, the forced retirement of almost all the senior judges of the former regime made the finding of suitable replacements a serious problem. Hugh Kennedy, the new Chief Justice of Ireland recommended Fitzgibbon as a judge of the Supreme Court simply on account of his legal ability, despite their serious differences on political issues, which Hogan refers to as a clash between Kennedy's "enthusiastic nationalism" and Fitzgibbon's "pessimistic scepticism".
Conflict with Hugh Kennedy.
Kennedy soon came to regret his decision: his diary records the increasing tension between the two men. Although Fitzgibbon was a Protestant Unionist, friends later recalled that he was by no means hostile, at first, to the new regime- indeed if he had been he would hardly have accepted high office in it- but he became deeply disillusioned with the increasingly Roman Catholic Irish Free State, and by 1929 he and Kennedy are said to have regarded each other with deep suspicion.
The tension came to a head in 1935 when Fitzgibbon was in the majority in "State (Ryan) v Lennon"; concluding his judgment in an extraordinarily bitter, mocking style, he found that the Constitution of the Irish Free State contained provisions for its own amendment which allowed suspension of the most basic human rights.
Even in apparently non-contentious cases Fitzgibbon became liable to sudden outbursts, as in "Re Westby"', on the relatively unimportant question of whether a Protestant ward of court should or should not be educated at an English public school. Kennedy's decision that the boy should be educated in Ireland was overruled by the Supreme Court, presided over by Fitzgibbon, who attacked both Kennedy, and the Free State, in the same bitter tone he used in "Ryan v Lennon".
Later years.
He took some interest in the enactment of the 1937 Constitution of Ireland and made some suggestions on the procedure for referring a Bill to the Supreme Court.
Despite his obvious unhappiness he remained on the Court until he reached retirement age in 1938; Kennedy believed that the somewhat unsatisfactory pension arrangements made Fitzgibbon cling to an office he had come to despise. Hogan points out that in this at least Fitzgibbon had reason to be bitter: because he was required on age grounds to retire 9 months before he qualified for the full pension, he seems to have received a pension equivalent to only 42% of his salary.

</doc>
<doc id="18770006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18770006" title="Keisen">
Keisen

Keisen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18770020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18770020" title="Sakawa">
Sakawa

Sakawa is a widespread practice in Ghana which combines modern internet-based fraud practices with traditional Akan religious rituals. The term Sakawa initially referred to specific online scams but has since broadened to include all types of online frauds and scams mainly targeting foreigners.

</doc>
<doc id="18770022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18770022" title="Kuriyama">
Kuriyama


</doc>
<doc id="18770033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18770033" title="Edgar Brookes">
Edgar Brookes

Professor Edgar Harry Brookes (4 February 1897–1979) was a South African Liberal senator and South African representative to the League of Nations.
Biography.
Brookes was born in Smethwick, England in 1897 but attended Maritzburg College in Natal Province where he matriculated in 1911. He attended the University of South Africa and the London School of Economics.
Some of his early works are noted for stressing the advantages of separate development of the races in South Africa, but it is noted that his views changed during his life. Brooks was involved with the South African Institute for Race Relations in the 1920s.
He became a senator in 1937 and retired as the senator for Zululand in 1953. Between 1933 and 1945 he was the Principal of Adams College. He worked closely with John Dube to achieve common objectives. The school became one of the most important schools for black education. He was a professor of History and Political Science at the University of Natal. 
When the Liberal Party was formed in 1953 he did not at first join it, but changed his mind when Peter Brown and other Liberals were detained in the 1960 State of Emergency, which was imposed after the Sharpeville massacre. 
After he retired from teaching at the University of Natal he was ordained as an Anglican priest.

</doc>
<doc id="18770037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18770037" title="Woodstock, Alabama">
Woodstock, Alabama

Woodstock is a town in Bibb and Tuscaloosa counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. Formerly known as North Bibb, by referendum in August 2000, the town adopted the name of a long-established local unincorporated community and as of October 1, 2000, is now known officially as "Woodstock". As of the 2010 census, the population of the town was 1,428.
The Bibb County portion of Woodstock is part of the Birmingham–Hoover Metropolitan Area, while the Tuscaloosa County portion is part of the Tuscaloosa metropolitan area.
History.
Bibb County, founded as Cahawba County in 1818, played an important role in the early industrial history of Alabama. Ironworks and foundries produced goods from the brown iron ore found on Roupes Creek. Woodstock, known as North Bibb until 2000, is a small town on the northern boundary of Bibb County. This tranquil little community on Alabama 5 was once the center of a thriving railroad business.
Woodstock was first settled in the 1820s, with a formal land grant to William Houston on February 27, 1826. The settlement was established along the old Tuscaloosa to Huntsville stagecoach line. Woodstock got its name when Dr. J. U. Ray named it after the home of his ancestors, Woodstock, England. Dr. Ray's ancestors arrived in America from England at Jamestown, Virginia. In 1870, Dr. Ray built the first depot for the newly constructed Alabama-Chattanooga Railroad. After the Alabama Great Southern Railroad came the Louisville and Nashville Railroad. Each operated a depot in the area. In 1872, a line was installed down to West Blocton to ship the large abundance of coal found in the area. Woodstock became a break and storage yard for coal, red and brown iron ore and cotton. After the Civil War, rich iron ore deposits were mined. In 1872, Mr. Giles Edwards relocated to Woodstock from Tannehill and built a blast furnace to manufacture pig iron.
Mr. Edwards was later joined in the business by his son-in-law, James W. McQueen, who went on to become the president of Sloss-Sheffield Iron Company in Birmingham. In addition to the iron ore mining, coal mining, and farming, a jug factory was built to take advantage of the large deposits of fire clay that was in the area. The clay was used to make bricks, jugs, pots, and churns. As many as eight trains per day stopped in Woodstock, carrying away its riches, six of them carrying mail. Woodstock was also the roots of a newspaper business in the 1800s. This publication moved to Six Mile and then to Birmingham where it became "The Birmingham News". Woodstock was incorporated in 1996 as the Town of North Bibb, with Carl Jones as mayor. Woodstock changed its name back to Woodstock by Ordinance 2008-08-03, effective October 1, 2000, S. B. Albert Hutchens, Mayor.
Geography.
Woodstock is located in northern Bibb County at (33.201248, -87.150242). A portion of the town extends to the northwest into Tuscaloosa County. U.S. Route 11 passes northwest of the town center, leading northeast to downtown Birmingham and west to Tuscaloosa. Interstate 59 passes northwest of Woodstock, with the closest access via Exit 97 north of town.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , of which is land and , or 2.11%, is water.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 986 people, 355 households, and 290 families residing in the town. The population density was 353.8 people per square mile (136.5/km²). There were 398 housing units at an average density of 142.8 per square mile (55.1/km²). The racial makeup of the town was 98.38% White, and 1.62% from two or more races. 0.30% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 355 households out of which 42.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.0% were married couples living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.3% were non-families. 16.3% of all households were made up of individuals and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.10.
In the town the population was spread out with 27.8% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 8.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females there were 95.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.5 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $42,727, and the median income for a family was $46,477. Males had a median income of $32,368 versus $22,153 for females. The per capita income for the town was $15,406. About 9.3% of families and 11.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.6% of those under age 18 and 8.5% of those age 65 or over.

</doc>
<doc id="18770051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18770051" title="Pandemis heparana">
Pandemis heparana

The Dark Fruit-tree Tortrix "(Pandemis heparana)" is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone and in North America.
The wingspan is 16–24 mm. The moth flies from late May to mid September. .
The larvae feed on various trees and shrubs including oak, willow, birch, honeysuckle, sorbus, apple and pear.

</doc>
<doc id="18770088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18770088" title="Lozotaeniodes formosana">
Lozotaeniodes formosana

Lozotaeniodes formosana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Central Europe.
The wingspan is 20–26 mm. The moth flies from June to August.
The larvae feed on Scots Pine.

</doc>
