<doc id="18589524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589524" title="Kevin and Bean">
Kevin and Bean

Kevin and Bean is the morning show on KROQ-FM, an alternative rock-format radio station in Los Angeles, California. It is hosted by Kevin Ryder and Gene "Bean" Baxter. The show has been on the air since 1990 and intersperses music and news with comedy bits, celebrity interviews, listener call-ins, and live music performances.
Format.
Opening and listener call-in.
Each episode opens with an audio montage (usually created by Baxter) featuring musical and audio clips that draw from current events in politics, pop-culture, and the news. Since 2008, the opening has featured a segment called "What it do, nephew?" where listeners are invited to phone in on a topic of their choosing. This segment has appeared in various forms throughout the show's history, and was previously known as "What is your deal" before being renamed after a phrase coined by rapper Snoop Dogg.
Recently though the segment of What It Do Nephew? has been taken away from the show.
Hourly segments and "The Showbiz Beat".
Music from the standard lineup of "Kevin and Bean"'s flagship station, KROQ, is played regularly during the program. Creative control over the choice of music and how many songs are played per hour has been a source of conflict between the hosts and station management over the years. This issue received particular attention when, in July 2009, similar pressures from KIIS-FM management prompted rival morning show host Ryan Seacrest to call and commiserate with Ryder and Baxter on air.
Because of the show's position as a morning drive-time program, traffic and news segments are also interspersed between the other material. Newscaster Boyd Britton, known as "Doc on the Roq", provides a brief hourly summary of current events, while Los Angeles-area traffic updates are provided by metro traffic reporter and "Kevin and Bean" co-host Lisa May.
"The Showbiz Beat" is an hourly entertainment-news report featuring Ryder and Baxter's actor co-host Ralph Garman and is one of the program's longest-running segments. Before the top of every hour, Garman highlights stories from pop culture and media and, with input from his colleagues, frequently mocks perceived hypocrisies and absurdities of public figures and the entertainment industry. The segment always concludes with an announcement of the day's birthdays for celebrities of varying degrees of fame.
Recurring segments.
A large portion of the show's material is made up of segments that recur periodically. Many of these are based on listener participation, and involve the hosts taking calls on an interesting discussion topic or for a guest, or involve games and contests that have been created around the station's promotional giveaways. Ryder and Baxter will also occasionally read emails sent to them, and play messages from the show's voice mail service, known as the "Afro Line." Other segments focus on the hosts and their personalities and quirks, like "Thanks for That Info, Bean", which pokes fun at Baxter's intense interest in seemingly trivial topics, and "A Moment with...", where a humorous audio clip of a statement made on-air by a host is replayed. "Would You Like to Take That Back?" is another feature during which the hosts give each other the option of "taking back" an unsuccessful or poorly delivered joke or pun.
Several segments feature regular guests, including weekly interviews with "TMZ.com's" Harvey Levin, "This Week in Rage" with former "Kevin and Bean Show" member Adam Carolla, and sports updates from the "Petros and Money Show" co-host and former "Kevin and Bean Show" sports reporter Matt "Money" Smith. Since January 2010, Dr. Drew Pinsky, whose syndicated radio program "Loveline" is broadcast out of KROQ, has also appeared frequently on the program.
Some of the most popular (and controversial) pieces have involved vocal impressions and celebrity impersonations, which are typically voiced by Ralph Garman and former "Kevin and Bean" assistant producer and "Loveline" co-host "Psycho" Mike Catherwood. Often, Ryder and Baxter will conduct fake interviews with celebrities like Spencer Pratt, Gene Simmons, Sean Connery, and Kevin Federline, while on other occasions impressions might involve a relatively unknown person in a news story or current event. Garman and Catherwood have also created several alter-egos, including Loquecia, an African-American woman who reviews and ridicules reality television shows, and Rudy, a stereotypical heavily accented cholo with a penchant for marijuana use.
Celebrity interviews.
In addition to faux interviews, numerous real celebrities and sports figures have appeared on the show over the years. Regular visitors to the show include Kevin Smith, Kathy Griffin, Petros Papadakis, Joe Rogan, and Olivia Munn. Other notable guests include Seth MacFarlane, Andrew Siciliano, Joel McHale, Bill Simmons, Adam Sessler, Mike Rowe, Landon Donovan, Alex Borstein, Tracy Morgan, Jay-Z, Snoop Dogg, Travis Pastrana, Russell Martin, Will Ferrell, David Alan Grier, Jay Mohr and more.
Closing segments.
While the program generally ends with a short preview of the next show, on Fridays the show closes (and opens) with a cover of "Don't Bogart Me" by Robert Bradley's Blackwater Surprise (a song first performed by the band Fraternity of Man), as performed by the hosts.
History.
Kevin and Bean debuted on KROQ on December 31, 1989, when they hosted the annual countdown of the year's best songs. On June 13, 1990, the show aired a segment called "Confess Your Crime", which included a bogus phone call from fellow DJ Doug "The Slug" Roberts (who was then working at KZZP) as an anonymous listener claiming to have committed murder. The parents of a missing woman believed the fictional caller to be responsible for their daughter's death leading to an investigation by the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department and coverage in an episode of Unsolved Mysteries. When the truth was revealed, the station was billed for the costs of the investigation by the LASD, and sued by the distraught parents. KROQ suspended Kevin and Bean for five days without pay, directed each of them to perform 149 hours of community service, and forced them to pay the Sheriff’s bill out of their pockets. The event also became the inspiration behind the 1996 movie "Power 98" starring Eric Roberts.
In March 2003, the show caused international controversy when Ralph made a prank phone call to the office of French president Jacques Chirac while posing as Jerry Lewis. All were surprised when Chirac picked up the phone and began talking to "Jerry." Lewis' lawyers were quick to threaten with lawsuits and the bit has rarely been spoken of since. Though they appear to be under orders not to speak of the matter, Kevin and Bean have made oblique suggestions that Lewis "blackmailed" Kevin and Bean into making a contribution to the Muscular Dystrophy Association, the beneficiary of Lewis' annual Labor Day telethon.
In January 2004, a Los Angeles man filed a breach of contract suit against the station and Kevin and Bean saying he was cheated out of a free SUV. Though Kevin and Bean do not address specific lawsuits on the air, they often refer to being frequently sued, usually in the context of people not understanding or appreciating their attempts at humor.
In August 2007, a listener e-mailed a complaint to Kevin and Bean as well as put an article in The Advocate Magazine (Gay & Lesbian Magazine). The complaint was about a parody that Psycho Mike of the Kevin and Bean show did titled "Lean Like a Homo", and was made to make fun of Down's "Lean like a Cholo".
On May 8, 2009 – Westwood One announced that it will begin airing The Kevin & Bean Show on radio stations nationwide on May 11, 2009.
On September 15, 2011 Kevin and Bean won the NAB Marconi Radio Award for "Major Market Personality of the Year".
Personalities.
Personality quirks abound on the show, with Kevin and especially Bean, and their numerous other personalities.
Kevin.
Kevin has odd interests and characteristics that are mentioned on the show from time to time:
Bean.
Bean has odd and exotic interests and knowledge of arcane subject matter. In particular, he:
Other cast members and key staff.
Also on the show are:
Recurring Themes, Characters, & Running Jokes.
Noted former cast members.
The show has been the stepping stone for celebrities such as:
Other personalities no longer with the show include:
Television & Film.
Over the years, Kevin and Bean have made various forays into other media:
Christmas Compilation CDs.
Over the years Kevin and Bean have released numerous Christmas related compilation CDs. The compilations consist of skits, bands covering Christmas related songs, and various KROQ personalities. These compilations are usually only available for a short period of time and after that are out of print.
Availability.
Listeners in remote areas, or even in particular buildings, often have a difficult time getting clear reception of the show. As a result, listeners have complained for years that Kevin and Bean were not on the Internet. However, on February 6, 2006, KROQ started streaming online. (KROQ also did not have a web site for many years after the Internet became established.)
Kevin and Bean were also broadcast in Fresno, California for several years, but that station began broadcasting the Adam Carolla Show when it started in January 2006.
On January 3, 2011, the Kevin and Bean show began airing on San Francisco's legendary KITS 105.3 FM (Live 105). In September 2011, after only eight months, KITS switched to an all music format, dropping the Kevin and Bean show.
The show runs from 5:30 to 10:00 Pacific time on weekday mornings. The early hour will often repeat a comedy segment from the day before; segments from early in the show are often replayed a second time later in the show.
On November 10, 2008, the Kevin and Bean Show started an afternoon segment, 'Cinco De La Tarde', (Spanish for Five in the afternoon) weekdays from 5:00 - 6:00 PM. As of August 3, 2009, this segment has been discontinued and the morning show has been restored to its original 10:00 AM end time. A Best of Kevin and Bean show called "Same Shit, Different Day" was added on Saturday mornings airing from 7:00-10:00 AM.
Beginning May 11, 2009, Kevin and Bean started syndicating on KEDJ, 103.9 The Edge in Phoenix, Arizona, KFRR 104.1 Fresno and KRZQ-FM Reno.
As of September 8, 2009, Kevin and Bean are no longer on KEDJ in Phoenix due a change in format at that station emphasizing music.
Starting September 8, 2009, Kevin and Bean began airing in mornings on newly launched Alternative music station KQLZ V99.1 in Boise, Idaho.
Beginning September 13, 2010, Kevin and Bean began airing in mornings on Classic Rock: The Heat 99.5, KMRJ, in Palm Springs, CA.
Kevin and Bean is also heard in portions of Iowa and Illinois in the afternoon on KCJJ-AM 1630, which is located in Iowa City, Iowa
The Kevin and Bean Show is available as a podcast on iTunes.

</doc>
<doc id="18589528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589528" title="1959 San Francisco 49ers season">
1959 San Francisco 49ers season

The 1959 San Francisco 49ers season was the team's tenth season in the NFL, and were coming off a 6–6–0 record in 1956, however, they ended without qualifying for the playoffs. After starting the season 6–1–0, they lost 4 out of their last 5 games and ended with a 7–5–0 record.
Top players.
The season was good for Y.A. Tittle, as he completed 51.3% of his passes for 1331 yds and 10 touchdowns. Tommy Davis scored the most points, 67 out of the team's total of 255.

</doc>
<doc id="18589533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589533" title="Jungle Drummer">
Jungle Drummer

Chris Polglase (born 12 January 1978 in Newcastle), known professionally as The Jungle Drummer, is a live drum n bass drummer. He is most noted for his work with DJ Fu (who mixed and scratched while Polglase performed) and live drum and bass act London Elektricity. He has also performed with artists such as Grooverider, Timbaland, A Guy Called Gerald, and others.
Discography.
With London Elektricity:
With Craggz & Parallel Forces:

</doc>
<doc id="18589546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589546" title="Abstinence">
Abstinence

Abstinence is a self-enforced restraint from indulging in bodily activities that are widely experienced as giving pleasure. Most frequently, the term refers to sexual abstinence, or abstinence from alcohol or food. The practice can arise from religious prohibitions and practical considerations.
Abstinence may also refer to drugs. For example you can abstain from smoking.
Abstinence has diverse forms. Commonly it refers to a temporary or partial abstinence from food, as in fasting. In the twelve-step program of Overeaters Anonymous abstinence is the term for refraining from compulsive eating, akin in meaning to sobriety for alcoholics. Because the regimen is intended to be a conscious act, freely chosen to enhance life, abstinence is sometimes distinguished from the psychological mechanism of repression. The latter is an unconscious state, having unhealthy consequences. Freud termed the channeling of sexual energies into other more culturally or socially acceptable activities, "sublimation".
Abstinence in religion.
Abstinence may arise from an ascetic element, present in most faiths, or from a subjective need for spiritual discipline. In its religious context, abstinence is meant to elevate the believer beyond the normal life of desire, to a chosen ideal, by following a path of renunciation. 
Hindus observe fast once in a fortnight on the auspicious day of Ekadashi (Eleventh Day). This is done to please Lord Sri Krishna by keeping themselves busy in religious activities on this day.
For Jews, the principal day of fast is Yom Kippur, the Day of Atonement.
For Muslims, the period of fasting lasts during the whole month of Ramadan, from dawn to dusk.
Both Jews and Muslims abstain from pork in their regular diet. 
In both Christianity and Islam, amongst others, pre-marital sex is prohibited.
Also, Catholics abstain from food and drink for an hour prior to taking Holy Communion, and abstain from meat on Ash Wednesday and on Fridays during Lent. Many Traditionalist Catholics abstain from eating meat all Fridays in the year.
Orthodox Christians abstain from food and drink from midnight on the day they receive Holy Communion, and abstain from meat and dairy on Wednesdays and Fridays throughout the year, as well as during Great Lent. 
Catholics distinguish between fasting and abstinence; the former referring to the discipline of taking one full meal a day, and the latter signifying the discipline of eating no meat (fish is allowed). 
Some Protestants have preferred to abstain from drinking alcohol and the use of tobacco. 
Mormons abstain from certain foods and drinks by combining spiritual discipline with health concerns. Mormons also fast one day a month, for both spiritual and charitable reasons (the money saved by skipping meals is donated to the needy). 
The Seventh-day Adventist Church encourages the consumption of only clean meats as specified in Leviticus and strongly discourages the consumption of alcohol, smoking, and the use of narcotics.
In India, Buddhists, Jains, Sikhs, and Hindus abstain from eating meat and fish (basically, all living animals) on the grounds both of health and of reverence for all sentient forms of life. Total abstinence from feeding on the flesh of cows is a hallmark of Hinduism. In addition, lay and monastic Buddhists refrain from killing any living creature and from consuming intoxicants, and bhikkhus keep vows of chastity. In Theravada Buddhism, bhikkhus also refrain from eating in the afternoon, and cannot accept money.
In medicine.
In medicine, abstinence is the discontinuation of a drug, often an addictive one. This might, in addition to craving after the drug, be expressed as withdrawal syndromes. Abstinence from smoking is also recommended for those who undertake or have recently undertaken cosmetic surgery. The American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) said about this issue, in a paper about smoking and its effects on cosmetic surgery,
I believe that total absistence from smoking is necessary prior to major cosmetic and reconstructive surgery. 
Types of abstinence.
Food.
"Fasting" is primarily the act of willingly abstaining from some or all food, drink, or both, for a period of time. A fast may be total or partial concerning that from which one fasts, and may be prolonged or intermittent as to the period of fasting. Fasting practices may preclude sexual activity as well as food, in addition to refraining from eating certain types or groups of foods; for example, one might refrain from eating meat.
A complete fast in its traditional definition is abstinence of all food and liquids except for water.
"Vegetarianism" is the practice of a diet that excludes meat (including game, marine mammals and slaughter by-products), poultry, fowl, fish, shellfish and other sea creatures.
There are several variants of the diet, some of which also exclude eggs and/or some products produced from animal labour such as dairy products and honey.
Tobacco smoking.
"Smoking cessation" is the action leading towards the discontinuation of the consumption of a smoked substance, mainly tobacco, but it may encompass cannabis and other substances as well.
Alcohol.
"Teetotalism" is the practice and promotion of complete abstinence from alcoholic beverages. 
Some common reasons for choosing teetotalism are religious, health, family, philosophical and/or social reasons, and, sometimes, as simply a matter of taste preference. When at drinking establishments, they either abstain from drinking or consume non-alcoholic beverages such as tea, coffee, water, juice, and soft drinks.
Contemporary and colloquial usage has somewhat expanded teetotalism to include strict abstinence from most "recreational" intoxicants (legal and illegal, see controlled substances). Most teetotaller organizations also demand from their members that they do not promote or produce alcoholic intoxicants.
Pleasure.
A general abstinence from pleasures or leisures, either partial or full, may be motivated by ambition, career or general self-respect (excluding the point of view that even the latter examples may be regarded as sources of pleasure).
It is widely accepted that abstinence from addictive drugs gives successful outcome . However, it is not certain whether a general abstinence from pleasures of leisure yields higher productivity. Too much work generates stress and its potential adverse effects. Furthermore, the effort itself to achieve abstinence may consume willpower from its ultimate purpose. Total abstinence from pleasure or leisure is practically impossible and instead an individual work-life balance is necessary.

</doc>
<doc id="18589548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589548" title="Clearlake Highlands, California">
Clearlake Highlands, California

Clearlake Highlands is a former unincorporated community now incorporated in Clearlake, in Lake County, California. It is located on the north shore of the southeast end of Clear Lake, just south of the village of Clearlake Park, 15 miles (24 km) east-southeast of Lakeport, at an elevation of 1348 feet (411 m).

</doc>
<doc id="18589569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589569" title="Boston baked beans">
Boston baked beans

Boston baked beans are a variety of baked beans, typically sweetened with molasses or maple syrup and flavored with salt pork or bacon.
Native Americans had made corn bread and baked beans. The Pilgrims at Plymouth Colony learned these recipes in the early 1620s, and likely added barley to the corn meal to invent brown bread. The Triangular Trade of slaves in the 1700s helped to make Boston an exporter of rum, which is produced by the distillation of fermented molasses. At that time, molasses was added to local baked bean recipes, creating Boston Baked Beans. In colonial New England, baked beans were traditionally cooked on Saturdays and left in the brick ovens overnight. On Sundays, the beans were still hot, allowing people to indulge in a hot meal and still comply with Sabbath restrictions. Brown bread and baked beans were a popular meal on Saturdays and Sundays in Massachusetts until at least the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="18589580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589580" title="Auraria 9th Street Historic District">
Auraria 9th Street Historic District

Auraria 9th Street Historic District is a historic district in Denver, Colorado at Auraria Campus. The street has been removed and replaced with a greenway.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18589607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589607" title="Zenatia acinaces">
Zenatia acinaces

Zenatia acinaces is a species of moderately large marine bivalve mollusc in the family Mactridae. 

</doc>
<doc id="18589609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589609" title="Edward Knight (King's Men)">
Edward Knight (King's Men)

Edward Knight (fl. 1613 – 1637) was the prompter (then called the "book-keeper" or "book-holder") of the King's Men, the acting company that performed the plays of William Shakespeare, Ben Jonson, John Fletcher, and other playwrights of Jacobean and Caroline drama.
In English Renaissance theatre, the prompter managed the company's performances, ensuring that they went according to plan; he also supervised and maintained the troupe's dramatic manuscripts, its "playbooks." It was in this sense that the prompter "held" and "kept" the "books" of the company. And when censorship problems arose, the prompter had to resolve them.
Nothing is known of Knight's personal history; he is known only through his professional activities. Prior to his service with the King's Men, he functioned as prompter for a competing company, Prince Charles's Men; he witnessed a contract between Philip Henslowe and the actors in March 1616. After some years with the King's Men, he was apparently regarded as a key member of the company's supporting staff: on 27 December 1624, Sir Henry Herbert, the Master of the Revels, issued a roster of 21 "musicians and other necessary attendants" of the King's Men who could not be arrested or "pressed for soldiers" without the permission of either Herbert or the Lord Chamberlain, then William Herbert, 3rd Earl of Pembroke. Knight's name is first on the list. (The 16th name on the list is Anthony Knight, perhaps a relative.)
Knight prepared the company's play texts for production, adding stage directions, cues for offstage sounds, and other necessary information to turn an author's or scribe's manuscript into a promptbook. Several play manuscripts in Knight's hand survive — for "Beggars' Bush", "Bonduca", "The Faithful Friends", and "The Honest Man's Fortune". (Knight's manuscript for "Bonduca" is not a promptbook but a presentation MS. In the MSS. of both "Bonduca" and "The Fautfhul Friends", Knight leaves gaps because he is transcribing the author's drafts, the "foul papers," and sometimes cannot read the defective texts.) Knight's job of annotating manuscripts for use as promptbooks throws light on practical aspects of the stagecraft of the era, and also the censorship problems that plagued the dramatists and actors. Philip Massinger's authorial MS. of his "Believe as You List" reveals official censorship in action, and bears notes and revisions in Knight's hand.
A second document from the hand of Sir Henry Herbert, addressed personally to Knight, is especially notable. On 21 October 1633, Herbert returned the MS. of "The Woman's Prize" to Knight, ordering him to do a better job of removing "oaths, prophaness, and publique ribaldrye", and threatening Knight with consequences if he doesn't do better: "you will answer it at your perill."
Shakespeare scholars have devoted a good measure of attention to the specifics of Knight's practice and his handwriting, looking for insight into the effect Knight may have had on the details of Shakespeare's texts. "The 1634 Quarto of "Two Noble Kinsmen", printed from a manuscript which apparently reflects a revival of 1625/6, contains stage directions probably penned by Knight." At the extreme, it has been suggested that Knight was "the virtual editor of the First Folio on behalf of Heminge and Condell."
Two manuscripts in Knight's hand, of "The Court Secret" by James Shirley and "The Country Captain" by William Cavendish, 1st Duke of Newcastle, date from the 1638–40 period; they are the last signs of his activity.

</doc>
<doc id="18589624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589624" title="Life as We Know It (album)">
Life as We Know It (album)

Life as We Know It is the twelfth studio album by REO Speedwagon, released in 1987 (see 1987 in music). It features "That Ain't Love" and "In My Dreams", both of which were Top 20 hits; "Variety Tonight", which reached #60 on the Hot 100; and "One Too Many Girlfriends", which showcased the ongoing friction between band members Kevin Cronin and Gary Richrath. This is the group's final studio release with Richrath and Gratzer, as well as their final top 40 album to date.
Personnel.
REO Speedwagon

</doc>
<doc id="18589627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589627" title="Rickettsia akari">
Rickettsia akari

Rickettsia akari is a species of "Rickettsia" which causes rickettsialpox.
After a 1946 outbreak of a rickettsial-type disease at an apartment complex in Kew Gardens, Queens, an investigation was performed to identify the source of the infections. The incinerators in the buildings were not operated on a daily basis, leading to a buildup in food waste and attracting mice that were rampant throughout the building. The "Mus musculus" mice were found to be carrying mites, identified as the house mouse mite, "Allodermanyssus sanguineus". Self-trained entomologist Charles Pomerantz asked permission to search the site and found the mites at various sites throughout the building, with blood-engorged mites found near chutes leading to the incinerator. The mites were collected and brought to a laboratory of the United States Public Health Service, which found in the mites an organism that had also been isolated from the mice, and from the blood of individuals infected with the disease.
The organism was given its name by physician Robert Huebner, one of the scientists who had tracked down the source of the original 1946 epidemic; the "akari" portion of the bacteria's name represents the Greek word for "mite".
While active efforts to exterminate mice from buildings has greatly reduced recurrences of the diseases, a July 2002 report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report covered a recent case in North Carolina, noting that cases have been reported in Croatia and Ukraine and that the "R. akari" organism may exist in "sylvan cycles", such as its isolation from voles in Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="18589655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589655" title="The Song of Songs (1933 film)">
The Song of Songs (1933 film)

The Song of Songs (1933) is a romantic drama film starring Marlene Dietrich as a naive, German peasant who moves to Berlin and suffers much heartache. It was based on the 1908 novel "Das Hohe Lied" by Hermann Sudermann and the subsequent 1914 play, "The Song of Songs" by Edward Sheldon. It is a remake of the 1918 silent "The Song of Songs" starring Elsie Ferguson and the 1924 "Lily of the Dust" with Pola Negri.

</doc>
<doc id="18589658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589658" title="Tewes">
Tewes

Tewes is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18589662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589662" title="Maurizio Moro">
Maurizio Moro

Maurizio Moro (15??—16??) was an Italian poet of the 16th century, best known for his madrigals.
Life.
Very little is known about his early life. Probably born in Ferrara, he became presbyter (""canonico"") at the Congregazione di S Giorgio d'Alga in Venice, and author of sacred poems as well as secular texts for librettos. One of his madrigals, "Sí ch'io vorrei morire", was set to music by Claudio Monteverdi in his Fourth Book of Madrigals. Filippo Bonaffino also set some of his work to music in book of madrigals.
In the "Dizionario Storico degli Uomini Ferraresi" by author Luigi Ughi, the entry for Maurizio Moro reads: "He was also a man of erudition and a good Italian poet who lived in the second half of the 16th century. Some of his works can be found in collections of that time and in selections of poems by Ferrara poets."
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18589668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589668" title="Mark A. Heckler">
Mark A. Heckler

Mark A. Heckler became the 18th president of Valparaiso University on July 1, 2008. He succeeded the previous president Alan Harre, who had served since 1988.
His immediately previous position was chief academic officer for the University of Colorado, Denver. He first had been Director of the School of the Arts and a professor of theatre at that University, then founding dean of its College of Arts and Media and professor of theatre, film, and television, then acting chancellor, and finally, provost and vice chancellor for academic and student affairs, appoint to that role in 2003. He also was coordinator of their International College in Beijing, China from 1996 to 1998.
Prior to U.C. Denver, he had been at Siena College in Loudonville, New York as professor of fine arts and director of theatre.
He has been president of the major professional association in his field, the Association for Theatre in Higher Education,

</doc>
<doc id="18589693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589693" title="Louis Ventenat">
Louis Ventenat

Louis Ventenat (1765 - 1794) was a French Catholic priest and naturalist born in Limoges. He was the brother of botanist Étienne Pierre Ventenat (1757-1808).
Ventenat was a member of a mission led by Antoine Bruni d'Entrecasteaux (1737-1793) in a search for explorer Jean-François de La Pérouse (1741-1788), of whom there was no news of for five years. Ventenat served as chaplain and naturalist on the expedition. In 1793 he and other members of the expedition were captured by Dutch authorities, and imprisoned in the Dutch East Indies. In captivity he became gravely ill, but was able to obtain leave to the Île-de-France, where he died soon afterwards.
Ventenat's botanical collections were preserved by Benjamin Delessert (1773-1784) at an herbarium in Geneva. Dutch botanist Friedrich Anton Wilhelm Miquel (1811-1871) dedicated the botanical species "Peperomia ventenatii" in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18589722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589722" title="Fred Kelemen">
Fred Kelemen

Fred Efraim Kelemen (* 1964 in Berlin) is a European film and theater director, cinematographer and writer. [http://www.fredkelemen.com/html/bio/bio_filmographie_eng.html]
The late Susan Sontag helped to promote Kelemen's work in the mid-1990s, comparing it to the likes of Alexander Sokurov, Béla Tarr and Sharunas Bartas. [http://partners.nytimes.com/books/00/03/12/specials/sontag-cinema.html?scp=4&sq=fred%20kelemen&st=cse]
Fred Kelemen studied painting, music, philosophy, science of religions and theater before attending the German Film & TV Academy in Berlin from 1989 to 1994. His debut film "Fate" in 1994 received the German National Film Award. He has also directed "Frost" (1997/98), "Nightfall" (1999) and "Fallen" (2005), each drawing international attention and numerous awards. 
Kelemen has served as cinematographer for film directors including Béla Tarr ("Journey to the Plain", 1995, "The Man from London", 2007, "The Turin Horse", 2011), Rudolf Thome ("The Visible and the Invisible", 2006), Gariné Torossian ("Stone, Time, Touch", 2005) and others. 
Since 2000 he has also directed several plays, including an adaptation of Ray Bradbury’s "Fahrenheit 451" at the Schauspielhaus in Hanover, and Eugene O'Neill's "Desire Under The Elms" at Volksbühne in Berlin. In addition, Kelemen has worked as a teacher at film and media institutes and universities at several locations.
With his production company Kino Kombat Filmmanufactur, Kelemen produced his film "Krisana"/"Fallen" (co-producer: Laima Freimane/Screen Vision, Latvia, 2005) and he produced or co-produced the films "Moskatchka" by Annett Schütze (co-producer: Laima Freimane/Screen Vision, Latvia, 2005), "Girlfriends" by Jana Marsik (co-producers: Laima Freimane/Screen Vision, Latvia, jana Marsik) and "Fragment" by Gyula Maár (producer: Béla Tarr/TTFilmműhely, Hungary, 2007).
Filmography.
Director
Cinematographer
Awards.
Kelemen was awarded nationally and internationally several times as e.g.:

</doc>
<doc id="18589730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589730" title="Overture on Hebrew Themes">
Overture on Hebrew Themes

Sergei Prokofiev wrote the Overture on Hebrew Themes, Op. 34, in 1919, during a trip to the United States. It is written for a relatively uncommon instrumentation of clarinet, string quartet, and piano.
Background.
Prokofiev arrived in New York in September, 1918. Overall, his years in America were not as successful as he had hoped:
The public here is not used to listening to the works of a single composer for a whole evening. People want a varied programme as a showcase for popular pieces. has accepted this compromise. I could not even dream of the overwhelming success he has with his concerts.
Nevertheless, he did manage regular appearances in American concert halls. Though Rachmaninoff was the leading Russian pianist in America at the time (having introduced himself in 1909–1910), Prokofiev gave many concerts that season of his own works and emphasized his image as a pianist.
Early in 1919, he was commissioned by a Russian sextet called the Zimro Ensemble, which had just arrived in America from the Far East on a world tour sponsored by the Russian Zionist Organization. The members played the instruments in this work's instrumentation, and were led by their clarinetist Simeon Bellison, who was trained in Moscow and had been principal clarinettist of the Mariinsky Theatre from 1915. (Bellison would soon become principal clarinet with the New York Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra.) They gave Prokofiev a notebook of Jewish folksongs, though the melodies Prokofiev chose have never been traced to any authentic sources. It has been suggested that Bellison had actually composed them himself in the Jewish style (Nice 2003, 161). The other members of the ensemble were Jacob Mestechkin, first violin, G. Besrody, second violin, K. Moldavan, viola, Joseph Cherniavsky, cello, and Leo Berdichevsky, piano (Levin 2006, 77), although one source names the second violinist as Michael Rosenker, who was 19 years old at the time (Heiles 2007, 286). Prokofiev completed the composition very quickly. It received its premiere at the Bohemian Club in New York, on 2 February 1920, with Prokofiev as guest pianist. Before they disbanded in 1922, the Zimro Ensemble performed it again at least twice at Carnegie Hall—with their own pianist, Berdichevsky, in 1921, and possibly with guest pianist Lara Cherniavsky in December 1920 (Levin 2006, 84). Prokofiev regarded the work as conceived essentially for a sextet, and long resisted suggestions of arranging it for other forces. In September 1930, he remarked, "I don’t understand what sort of obtuse people could have found it necessary to reorchestrate it" but, nevertheless, he was persuaded to make a version for chamber orchestra in 1934, published as Op. 34a (Prokofiev 1998, 168). The orchestrated version is performed far less often than the original.
Prokofiev did not regard the work very highly. When a Scots critic, Andrew Fraser, published an article in 1929 describing the Overture as "a beautiful and pathetic work", the composer wrote in response, "its technique is conventional, its form is bad (4 + 4 + 4 + 4)". When his friend Nikolai Myaskovsky praised the second theme, Prokofiev retorted, with reference to the work's coda, "from the musical point of view, the only worthwhile part, if you please, is the final section, and that, I think, is probably the result of my sweetness and diatonicism" (Nice 2003, 163).
Analysis.
Its structure follows the form of a fairly conventional overture. It is in the key of C minor. The clarinet and the cello are very prominent, introducing the first and the second themes, respectively. However, all instruments are balanced well, and each instrument plays both themes, often in imitation. The piano part, interestingly, is not very difficult in comparison to Prokofiev's many virtuoso piano works; Zimro's pianist, Leo Berdichevsky, a graduate of the Petrograd and Berlin conservatories (Levin 2006, 77) was probably an amateur.
Jewish folk music has a paradoxically happy-yet-tragic and festive quality that many, including Dmitri Shostakovich, found very powerful. The first theme, "un poco allegro", has a jumpy and festive rhythm, unmistakably evoking "klezmer" music by alternating low and high registers and using "hairpin" dynamics (Nice 2003, 161). It also has a very characteristic use of semitone intervals, which recur throughout the whole work. The second theme, "piu mosso", is a nostalgic cantabile theme introduced in the cell and then passed to the first violin (Nice 2003, 161).

</doc>
<doc id="18589735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589735" title="DSVD">
DSVD

DSVD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18589742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589742" title="ITU V.70">
ITU V.70

ITU V.70 is a standard for Digital Simultaneous Voice and Data (DSVD), a MODEM related standard wherein digitized voice is mixed with digital data over a POTS line or leased line.
How it works.
DSVD allows users of two DSVD capable modems to simultaneously engage in a point-to-point voice conversation and data transmission. DSVD does not appear to allow dialup internet users or users of point to point modem connections (such as to the office or a Bulletin Board System) to make or receive arbitrary voice calls while online.
In ordinary circumstances though this did not work. DSVD only works when the user's internet service provider and telephone service provider are the same organization. On top of this regulatory requirement special equipment is required at the telco is required at the Subscriber Line Interface Circuit (SLIC).
V.70 vs VOIP & ISDN.
Today, such a service, if offered, would typically be provided via VoIP, ISDN, and/or via DSL over the same wires as an analog POTS line. This standard was released in 1996, at a time when consumer access to The Internet was beginning to take off as were Cell Phones.
DSVD was not substantially adopted, let alone extended to provide the features consumers actually needed (like making arbitrary calls while connected). V.70 was largely obsoleted by the services offered and the changes in usage that accompanied the rise of The Internet.
In the internet model, the user's modem does not connect directly to a site where there may be parties the user wishes to have a voice conversation with but instead connects to an intermediate Network Access Point; as such, the small subset of potential phone conversations served by DSVD was further reduced.
Technological obsolescence.
When dialup Internet was the only way to access the Internet, the ability to carry out an arbitrary voice conversation while online would have been useful. To do so however required a significant and expensive infrastructure upgrade, standardization, and cooperation between ISPs and telcos. The solution to the problem would have been obsolete before it was deployed. DSVD offererings were so delayed that VOIP for all practical purposes displaced it.
DSVD also does not define a standard for carrying voice and data traffic simultaneously over the interface between a computer and a modem, something that could still be useful today over a USB connection to a cell phone modem, so it is not dead as a technology.
The V.70 Standard can be downloaded free of charge in several languages.
Standards G.729, H.245, V.8bis, V.25bis, V.25ter, V.32bis, V.34, V.75, V.76, and V.80 are incorporated by reference.

</doc>
<doc id="18589744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589744" title="Pseudomonas infection">
Pseudomonas infection

Pseudomonas infection refers to a disease caused by one of the species of the genus "Pseudomonas".
"Pseudomonas sp. KUMS3" could be considered
as an opportunistic pathogen, which can survive on the
fish surface or in water or in the gut and may cause disease
when unfavorable conditions develop.
"P. aeruginosa" is an opportunistic human pathogen, most commonly affecting immunocompromised patients, such as those with cystic fibrosis or AIDS. Infection can affect many different parts of the body, but infections typically target the respiratory tract (e.g. patients with CF or those on mechanical ventilation), causing bacterial pneumonia. Treatment of such infections can be difficult due to multiple antibiotic resistance.
"P. oryzihabitans" can also be a human pathogen, although infections are rare. It can cause peritonitis, endophthalmitis, septicemia and bacteremia. Similar symptoms although also very rare can be seen by infections of "P. luteola".
"P. plecoglossicida" is a fish pathogenic species, causing hemorrhagic ascites in the ayu ("Plecoglossus altivelis"). "P. anguilliseptica" is also a fish pathogen.
Due to their hemolytic activity, even non-pathogenic species of "Pseudomonas" can occasionally become a problem in clinical settings, where they have been known to infect blood transfusions.

</doc>
<doc id="18589759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589759" title="Border Theater">
Border Theater

Border Theater is a historic movie theater in Mission, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="18589767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589767" title="The Secret of Bastow Manor">
The Secret of Bastow Manor

The Secret of Bastow Manor is a graphical adventure game for the Commodore VIC-20 and Commodore 64 home computers. The Commodore 64 version is formally titled The Secret of Bastow Manor 64 as per the tradition at the time to distinguish C64 titles by addition of the 64 moniker.
The Secret of Bastow Manor is notable for being an early video game title on these platforms and for being a pioneer in 8-bit adventure games.

</doc>
<doc id="18589768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589768" title="Vergilius Ferm">
Vergilius Ferm

Vergilius Ture Anselm Ferm ( * 1896; † February 4, 1974 in Wooster, Ohio) was the Compton Professor of Philosophy at the College of Wooster.

</doc>
<doc id="18589770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589770" title="10.4 cm Feldkanone M. 15">
10.4 cm Feldkanone M. 15

The 10.4 cm Feldkanone M. 15 was a heavy field gun used by Austria-Hungary in World War I. Guns captured or turned over to Italy as reparations after World War I were taken into Italian service as the Cannone da 105/32 and were bored out to 105 mm to fit Italian ammunition. It was one of the principal Italian long-range guns in World War II and saw service in North Africa and Russia. Those few guns that were captured from the Italians by the Germans after the Italian surrender in 1943 were designated as 10.5 cm Kanone 320(i). It doesn't seem to have seen service with any of the Austro-Hungarian successor states after World War I.
For transport it broke down into the customary two loads. And it carried the customary two seats on the gun shield for crewmen. All data given herein is for the Italian version of the gun.
A rusting 10.4 cm Skoda was found in the Presanella mountains in the year 2000, where it supposed it was dueling an Italian 149/23 during the First World War. Found at 3171 meters altitude, the gun came completely out of the glacier in the very warm summer of 2003. Because it was located on a 45 degree slope, the risk of it sliding down was considered too great, so the gun was relocated by lifting it with a Superpuma helicopter.

</doc>
<doc id="18589801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589801" title="Serratia infection">
Serratia infection

Serratia infection refers to a disease caused by a species in the genus Serratia.
The species involved is usually Serratia marcescens.
It can cause nosocomial infections.

</doc>
<doc id="18589812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589812" title="Harry Bridger">
Harry Bridger

Harry Bridger (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 5 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1793 to 1796.
Career.
Sometimes calling himself Jones, he was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) and The Thursday Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18589826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589826" title="Thacker">
Thacker

Thacker is a surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18589835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589835" title="Jasika Nicole">
Jasika Nicole

Jasika Nicole Pruitt (born 1980), known professionally as Jasika Nicole, is an American actress and illustrator from Birmingham, Alabama. She is best known for portraying Astrid Farnsworth in the Fox television series "Fringe".
Career.
Nicole studied dance, voice and theatre at Catawba College in Salisbury, North Carolina. She has been open about being a lesbian since she started dating women while she was filming "Take the Lead". She was also featured in the 2010 "OUT 100" list in "Out" magazine, and was photographed alongside Bruno Tonioli, Armistead Maupin, and Bill Silva for the issue. She married her long-time partner Claire October 5, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18589847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589847" title="Zachariah Button">
Zachariah Button

Zachariah Button (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who made 2 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1793 to 1796.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) of which he was an early member, having previously joined the White Conduit Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18589852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589852" title="Frozen tissue array">
Frozen tissue array

Frozen tissue array consists of fresh frozen tissues in which up to 50 separate tissue cores are assembled in array fashion to allow simultaneous histological analysis.
History.
Paraffin tissue array was developed during late years in the 1980s; this array can help scientists high throughput analyze gene and protein expressions in multiple tissue samples, especially analyze different protein levels with antibodies by immunohistochemistry. Various paraffin tissue arrays are now commercially available from many biotech companies. Most of the arrays can be easily made by microarraying instrument (Beecher Instruments Inc.). However, paraffin embedded tissues have limitations. Buffered formalin solutions cross link proteins and nucleic acids when they are used for fix tissues. The DNA, RNA, and protein within the tissues are damaged in various levels during the fixation. Therefore, lots of scientific experimental results from formalin fixed tissues are not reliable. Since frozen tissue sections don’t go through any fixation procedures, and therefore, the DNA, RNA, and protein in frozen tissues retain their native characteristics much more than in paraffin embedded tissues. Scientists who have been developing antibodies for therapeutic purpose all need their preliminary results from frozen tissues to get approval from FDA. Consequently frozen tissue array should be the best tool for high throughput analysis on this purpose.
Procedure.
Frozen tissue cores with 2 mm diameter from the regions of interest are removed from frozen tissue OCT blocks at different freezing temperature since each tissue type has their own temperature preference at frozen stage. Then all the frozen tissue cores are inserted in a recipient OCT frozen block in a precisely spaced, array pattern. Sections from this block are cut using a cryostat, mounted on a microscope slide and then analyzed by any method of standard histological analysis. Each frozen tissue array block can be cut into 100–500 sections, which can be subjected to independent tests. Tests commonly employed in frozen tissue array include immunohistochemistry, and in situ hybridization.

</doc>
<doc id="18589854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589854" title="A Night to Remember (1942 film)">
A Night to Remember (1942 film)

A Night to Remember is a mystery comedy film starring Loretta Young and Brian Aherne. It was directed by Richard Wallace, and is based on the novel "The Frightened Stiff" by Kelley Roos. A mystery writer and his wife try to solve a murder when a corpse appears in their Gay Street apartment.
Plot.
Nancy (Loretta Young) and Jeff Troy (Brian Aherne) move into an somber-looking basement apartment building on 13 Gay Street, Greenwich Village, where the residents all act very strangely. Nancy recognizes one of the residents, Anne Carstairs, who acts very odd and not at all the way Nancy remembers her. At dinner, Nancy overhears a man, later identified as Louis Kaufman, talking on the telephone asking someone to meet him in the basement apartment. Louis goes to the basement apartment and is later found dead in the backyard, after having been drowned in the apartment's bathtub. 
Jeff recognizes the basement apartment as a former speakeasy and that the "monster" the housekeeper was afraid of turns out to be a turtle called "Old Hickory". Jeff and Nancy figure out that all the residents were being blackmailed by a man named Andrew Bruhl, who used to be a private investigator. Bruhl made all the people being blackmailed live in one building to keep an eye on them.
Jeff and Nancy figure out that Bruhl killed Kaufman, and that Bruhl is someone who lives in the building. The suspects are: Anne Carstairs; her husband, Scott Carstairs; Eddie Turner, the landlord; Polly Franklin, who works at a local restaurant; Lingle, another resident; and the housekeeper, Mrs. Salter.

</doc>
<doc id="18589855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589855" title="Team Services, LLC">
Team Services, LLC

Team Services, LLC is a Rockville, Maryland-based sports marketing firm. Founded in 2002, Team Services had early success with the sale of the naming rights to the stadium of the NFL's Baltimore Ravens, which was sold to M&T Bank in 2003. M&T Bank signed a 15-year, $75 million contract with the Ravens, which was brokered by Team Services. The two principals of Team Services, Fred Fried and Earnest "EJ" Narcise have a long history in sports marketing, with many successes in the naming rights field.
Naming rights.
Team Services seeks potential naming rights companies regionally, nationally and internationally. Some of the premier naming rights agreements that they have negotiated are:
KFC YUM! Center.
The home to men's and women's basketball for the University of Louisville, the naming rights agreement for the KFC YUM! Center is considered one of the premier naming rights agreements in sports due to the local ties of the company and the marketing opportunities present in the arena. The 10-year, $13.5 million agreement began in 2010 with the opening of the arena.
FedEx Field.
Home to the NFL's Washington Redskins, Team Services sold the naming rights of the stadium to the FedEx corporation in November 1999 for $205 million over 25 years. The agreement was important for the Nashville, Tennessee-based company as it gained them access to Washington, D.C.'s network of foreign embassies and international diplomats with which they could increase their global customer base. At the time of the agreement, it was the most lucrative naming rights agreement in sports history.
M&T Bank Stadium.
Home to the NFL's Baltimore Ravens, Team Services secured M&T Bank as the naming rights partner for the stadium in 2003 with a 15-year, $75 million agreement. Before the agreement, M&T Bank did not rank in the top-18 banks in name recognition within the Baltimore marketplace. After the agreement, M&T Bank moved up to third in aided and unaided awareness.
Corporate consulting.
Dairy Management, Inc..
Team Services serves as the sports marketing agency for Dairy Management Inc, the parent company of the American Dairy Association, National Diary Council, and US Diary Export Council. Team Services negotiates and activates DMI's sponsorship with the NFL, negotiates all local NFL Club Sponsorships on behalf of the local state and regional promotional dairy associations, and manages all NFL player-related endorsements on behalf of the National Dairy Council.
Team Services works with NFL PLAYERS, the licensing and marketing subsidiary of the NFL Players Association, to identify and secure a variety of NFL players to represent the National Dairy Council’s (NDC) Children’s Nutrition and Fitness Initiative in schools across the country. NDC has used many familiar faces throughout the years that span several NFL teams. NFL Players can often be seen in schools across the country, highlighted on school marketing materials that grace the walls of classrooms and school cafeterias.
PNC Bank.
Team Services also serves as the marketing firm for PNC Bank. In working with PNC, Team Services has addressed PNC’s strategic needs with a multi-layered approach by targeting sports, arts, cultural and historical sponsorship opportunities in the Mid-Atlantic region. Team Services negotiated the rights for PNC’s title sponsorship of the 2007 Hospitality Village at the 132nd Preakness Stakes® at Pimlico Race Course. PNC Bank also increased its Mid-Atlantic presence with a presenting sponsorship of one of the most popular festivities in the Greater Baltimore region, the Inner Harbor Independence Day Celebration.
Team Services aided PNC by helping the bank extend its reach and support of the local arts community through a presenting sponsorship of the Baltimore Outdoor Sculpture Exhibition in conjunction with the 26th annual Artscape, the Mid-Atlantic’s largest celebration of the arts. Artscape’s Outdoor Sculpture Exhibition is the keystone of the entire Baltimore Sculpture Project and provides a platform for local and national artists.
Joseph Bramlett.
The only athlete to be represented by Team Services, Joseph Bramlett is a golfer currently on the Web.com Tour. Bramlett competed on the PGA Tour in 2011, with two top-25 finishes. Competing on the Web.com Tour in 2012, Bramlett finished 28th on the money list, with the top-25 qualifying for a spot on the PGA tour the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="18589876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589876" title="First Yank into Tokyo">
First Yank into Tokyo

First Yank into Tokyo is a 1945 United States war film; it takes place within World War II. It was directed by Gordon Douglas.
Plot.
In the film, the U.S. government assigns Major Steve Ross to receive plastic surgery to appear Japanese; Ross had lived in Japan and is well versed with Japanese culture. The government assigns Ross to rescue Lewis Jardine, a scientist bearing valuable secrets about the atomic bomb. Ross is also driven by the knowledge that his one true love, Abby, was captured by the Japanese and "is in their hands". Both Abby and Ross's former college roommate, the treacherous Hideko Okanura, are now at the same prison camp where Jardine is being held. Abby (Barbara Hale), does not recognize Steve but senses something strange about the new Japanese soldier from Korea. She detects something about him that makes him different from all the other Japanese who are uniformly portrayed as crazed sadists who, when not busy committing war crimes and stealing, drink themselves into a stupor and then give free rein to their insatiable lust for American women. Okanura, now a colonel in the Japanese army (after attending American universities to steal industrial secrets and plan sabotage), also detects something strangely familiar about his new NCO. In addition to committing acts of non-stop savagery, Okanura enjoys driving his subordinates to suicide and leering at Abby. He then sees a dog chase Major Ross across the prison yard and he remembers where he last saw such "superb open field running". It was in a college football game where Steve Ross excelled. Okanura (played by Richard Loo) also remembered that his American roommate displayed a nervous thumb gesture identical to the one seen in the mysterious new NCO. In the film's "exciting climax", Major Ross places a bomb in the prison camp's factory (where Allied prisoners are being worked to death by vicious Japanese guards who then steal their food). Just as Okanura is on the verge of exposing him at a banquet where movies are shown that were taken by Okanura during his American treachery (including films of Ross playing football), the bomb goes off and throws the camp into confusion. Ross kills Okanura with his bare hands, frees Abby and Jardine and then leads the group to a rendezvous with an US submarine just off shore. At the last second, Steve realizes that he cannot go back to the States "looking like a Jap" and bundles his charges into a boat and then staying behind to help some Korean prisoners kill some more of the "yellow monkeys".
History.
Originally the film centered around Ross helping to acquire a new kind of gun. The atomic bomb attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki occurred during production of the film; the producers subsequently altered the plotline.

</doc>
<doc id="18589887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589887" title="Panopea (genus)">
Panopea (genus)

Panopea is a genus of large marine bivalve molluscs or clams in the family Hiatellidae. There are 10 described species in Panopea. Many of them are known under the common name "geoduck". The fossil record of the genus dates back to the Cretaceous (and maybe the Triassic).

</doc>
<doc id="18589909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589909" title="Maine State Route 228">
Maine State Route 228

State Route 228 is part of Maine's system of numbered state highways. It runs from Washburn to Caribou. It begins at an intersection with State Route 164 in downtown Washburn, and ends at an intersection of State Route 161 in Caribou. The road is also known as Hines Street (in Washburn), Perham Street (in Wade and Perham), Woodland Center Road (in Woodland), and Sweden Street (in Caribou). 
228 runs through the communities of Wade, Perham, and Woodland.
SR 228 Truck.
State Route 228T is part of Maine's system of numbered state highways. It is a long truck route that bypasses downtown Washburn. It begins at an intersection with Maine State Route 164 on the West side of downtown Washburn, and ends at an intersection with Maine State Route 228 just North of downtown. The road is also known as Canaan Avenue and Victoria Street. State Route 228T is notable for being the only truck route ever in the Maine State Highway System.

</doc>
<doc id="18589935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589935" title="Lindsay Smith">
Lindsay Smith

Lindsay E. Smith OAM is an Australian naturalist, ornithologist and conservationist notable for his work towards the study and conservation of seabirds, especially albatrosses, along the Illawarra coast of New South Wales.
Although much of his career has been as a fitter and turner, he was employed by the Australian Museum in 1987 as an ornithologist to work at the Elizabeth and Middleton Reefs in Australia’s Coral Sea Islands Territory.
In 1994 he was the founder, with Harry Battam, of the Southern Oceans Seabird Study Association, the inheritor of the long-term research work on albatrosses off the New South Wales coast begun by the New South Wales Albatross Study Group in 1956, and the longest continuous seabird study in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18589939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589939" title="James Beeston">
James Beeston

James ("aka" John) Beeston (born 17 September 1778 in London; date of death unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 24 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1794 to 1808.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Middlesex.

</doc>
<doc id="18589942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589942" title="Tharp">
Tharp

Tharp is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18589979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589979" title="Rice (Middlesex cricketer)">
Rice (Middlesex cricketer)

Rice (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who made 13 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1794 to 1797.
Career.
Sometimes calling himself Smith, he was mainly associated with Middlesex.

</doc>
<doc id="18589981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589981" title="Gunderson Do-All Machine">
Gunderson Do-All Machine

The Gunderson Do-All Machine is a colorful, interconnected network of dozens of machines that have been cross-sectioned to reveal their internal operating mechanisms. It was designed by Mark Gunderson to illustrate mechanical concepts.
History and design.
The Gunderson Do-All Machine includes more than 30 individual machines that are linked together by an array of belts, gears, pulleys, and transmissions. Collectively, they operate in a continuous chain reaction on the power of one Whitte gas oil well engine, forming a kinetic sculpture. The entire network is mounted on a flat bed trailer platform, so that it can be transported to engine shows, educational venues, and county fairs. The combined weight of the trailer and all components is about 6000 pounds.
The Do-All's layout and design allows one to follow the chain reaction from machine to machine while observing the internal cogs, gears and other components that make them work. The variety of machines include an automatically reversing worm gear, a water pump impellar, a governor/gas valve from a 20-horsepower (HP) JC engine, a blacksmith blower/bubble maker, the main line shaft and pulley from an antique corn grinder, a floating gear, a DC 110-volt generator and lights, a 38-to-1 gear reducer, a bicycle light generator, and a fan blower painted to look like a clown. Recent additions include a penny press that creates a commemorative Do-All Machine coin and a rotating satellite dish with sun and moon images painted on opposite sides.
Major engine components.
The Gunderson Do-All includes the following major engines that have been cut away to reveal their inner workings in action:

</doc>
<doc id="18589993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589993" title="Crying Time">
Crying Time

"Crying Time" is a song from 1964 written by country music artist Buck Owens.
Owens recorded the original version of his song and released it as the B side to the 45 single "I've Got a Tiger By the Tail" in 1964, Capitol 5336, but it failed to reach the music charts. A cover version of "Crying Time" was then recorded by R&B singer Ray Charles, and his version proved to be a hit. Featuring backing vocals by the Jack Halloran Singers and The Raelettes, the song reached number six on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in February 1966. Charles' version of the song also peaked at number five on the R&B chart and spent three weeks at number one on the easy listening chart. In the United Kingdom, the song reached number 50 on the British pop chart. In addition, Charles' version of "Crying Time" won two Grammy Awards in 1967, in the categories Best R&B Recording and Best R&B Solo Performance.
Charles intended his version of Owens' song to be a tribute to the country music style he appreciated (Charles had successfully covered other country music songs in the past, such as "I Can't Stop Loving You"). He was quoted as saying that he didn't record "Crying Time" and other country songs written by Owens "out of disrespect for Buck. I'm crazy about Buck. But I heard something that fit my style. The key was keeping my style while watching my style work in different ways."
Ray Charles and Barbra Streisand performed the song as a duet on her 1973 album "Barbra Streisand...And Other Musical Instruments". This cover was featured in the episode, "The Glass Is Always Cleaner", of the NBC drama series "Las Vegas". Streisand also included a solo version of the song on her 1974 album "ButterFly".
Dutch singer Andre Hazes recorded it for his 1989 blues-album "Dit Is Wat Ik Wil" ("This Is What I Want") as "Jammer" ("It's a pity"), a Jan Akkerman-assisted warning for earth-pollution. It was released as a single, backed with a non-translated version of "Working in a Coal Mine".
Wanda Jackson and Elvis Costello recorded a version which appears on Jackson's 2003 album "Heart Trouble".
Victor Wood covered this song in the album Mr. Lonely.
Commander Cody and His Lost Planet Airmen recorded a live version on the 1974 album "Live from Deep in the Heart of Texas."
Lorrie Morgan recorded a cover of the song for the soundtrack to the 1993 film "The Beverly Hillbillies". Her version peaked at number 59 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18590006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590006" title="Cheese Days">
Cheese Days

Cheese Days is a biannual celebration of cheese and the dairy industry, taking place in Monroe, Wisconsin. The weekend long event typically occurs on the third weekend in September of even-numbered years in the historic downtown area known as “the Square”. The festivities include carnival rides, a variety of local food, restaurant, craft, and club stands, live, traditional Swiss-Germanic music (including polkas and waltzes), and a culmination of it all into a two-hour parade on the Sunday afternoon. Over one hundred thousand people come for the festivities throughout the three-day event.

</doc>
<doc id="18590010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590010" title="Bernshausen">
Bernshausen

Bernshausen is a village in the "Gemeinde" Seeburg, Lower Saxony, Germany, with a population of about 590. It lies across the lake, named Seeburger See, from the larger village of Seeburg proper, to the west. Bernshausen has an area of .
History.
The area around the village has a number of prehistoric remains, dating back to the Late Paleolithic and especially to the Neolithic (LBK) but also the Bronze and Iron Ages. However, there is no evidence for continuous settlement on the east side of the lake before a refuge fort established in the 7th century, less than half a kilometer south of the village, on the bank of the lake. In the High to Late Middle Ages, a half-timbered motte-and-bailey were present on the south-west edge of what is now the village proper.
The village has been thrice largely destroyed: in 1438 and 1626 due to the ravages of war, and more recently, in 1897, by accidental fire.

</doc>
<doc id="18590011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590011" title="Presidency College, Bangalore">
Presidency College, Bangalore

Presidency College, Bangalore is a private professional college in Bangalore, India. It was founded by The Presidency Group of Institutions. The Presidency Group of Institutions constitutes 6 schools and 2 colleges and has over three decades of experience in education. However, Presidency college Bangalore is not related to the historical Presidency Colleges of Kolkata or Chennai which are government institutions, in any way.
The college offers a range of recognized undergraduate and postgraduate programmes in a variety of academic disciplines including Business Administration, Commerce, Humanities, and Sciences. In addition, it offers professional courses in a number of fields including Business Management, Computer Application. It is recognized by the University Grants Commission of India (UGC). It is affiliated to Bangalore University. 

</doc>
<doc id="18590016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590016" title="Symphony No. 4 (Lutosławski)">
Symphony No. 4 (Lutosławski)

Polish composer Witold Lutosławski wrote his Symphony No. 4 in 1988-92, completing it on Aug 22, 1992.
Structure.
The symphony, lasting 20–25 minutes, is in one continuous movement embodying two sections: a preparatory section and a development section with an epilogue.
Analysis.
"About the Piece: Symphony No. 4" by Steven Stucky
Orchestration.
3 flutes (3rd = piccolo), 3 oboes (3rd = English horn), 3 clarinets (2nd = E-flat clarinet; 3rd = bass clarinet), 3 bassoons (3rd = contrabassoon), 4 horns, 3 trumpets, 3 trombones, tuba, timpani, percussion (bass drum, bongos, chimes, glockenspiel, marimba, snare drum, suspended cymbals, tam-tam, tenor drum, tom-toms, vibraphone, xylophone), 2 harps, piano, celesta, and strings 
World Premiere.
The symphony received its world premiere on February 5, 1993 by the Los Angeles Philharmonic, with the composer conducting, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles, California. It was commissioned by the Los Angeles Philharmonic with the support of Betty Freeman.

</doc>
<doc id="18590019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590019" title="Luys d'Averçó">
Luys d'Averçó

Luys d'Averçó or Luis de Aversó ("c".1350–1412x15) was a Catalan politician, naval financier, and man of letters. His "magnum opus", the "Torcimany", is one of the most important medieval Catalan-language grammars to modern historians. His name is spelled Lluís d'Averçó or d'Aversó in modern orthography. 
Averçó was born to a family of naval shipowners in Barcelona in the middle of the fourteenth century. He continued in the family business and profited from it financially all his life. He appears to be well-trained in law, for he participated in the municipal government of Barcelona throughout his life, being a councillor ("conseller") in 1395 and again in 1403. During the interregnum of 1410–12 he was charged by the Parliament of Catalonia with arbitrating some disputes amongst the citizens of Lleida. He later represented Barcelona on a diplomatic mission to Majorca. His diverse interests economic, literary, military, and political brought him favour with the monarchs John I ("the Lover of Elegance") and Martin ("the Humane"). 
No poems by Averçó survive, though his reputation in the poetic world of his time is undeniable. He and Jaume March II persuaded John I to inaugurate the "jocs florals" at Barcelona and establish a Consistori de la Gaya Sciènça there. On 20 February 1393 John named Jaume and Averçó the first judges of the Consistori's contests ("jocs"). On 12 August 1399 their position was reaffirmed by king Martin. Averçó's poetic reputation is further established by his "Torcimany", which contain a wealth of information for composing poetry in Catalan. 
"Torcimany" survives in a single autograph in the library of the Escorial. Its diffusion was almost null, its influence equally so, and its citation nonexistent. Not even Jaume March's "Libre de concordances", which served the same purpose—a dictionary of rhymes ("diccionari de rimes")—as the appendix of Averçó's "Torcimany", shows any evidence of cross-fertilisation or influence. The two poets, who knew each other personally, wrote two similar but independent works. "Torcimany" cannot be confidently dated beyond the final third of the century. It is divided into three sections, the first on the basic concepts of grammar, the second ("del trobar", "on composition") on the genres ("dictats") of poetry, and the third on more difficult aspects of grammar and rhetoric, such as "compàs" (rhythm). 
"Torcimany" is not too different from the "Compendi" of Joan de Castellnou or the "Flors del gay saber" of Guilhem Molinier. The dictionary of rhymes with which it ends, however, is unique to it; and Averçó does not appear to have had access to the "Donatz proensals" of Uc Faidit. He appears to have compiled his dictionary from memory and probably for this reason he includes words that would be difficult to employ in the type of verse he seeks to enable. Generally his words have Catalan endings, but a good portion are clearly Occitan, the language of the troubadours. A few on top of that are Castilian or Aragonese, which he clarifies with their Catalan equivalents. These Castilianisms are also unnecessary for Catalan poetry, but Averçó was fixed upon extending his rhymary.

</doc>
<doc id="18590023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590023" title="Symphony No. 2 (Lutosławski)">
Symphony No. 2 (Lutosławski)

The Symphony No. 2 by the Polish composer Witold Lutosławski is an orchestral composition in two movements written between 1965 and 1967. The work exhibits Lutosławski's technique of "limited aleatoricism", where the individual instrumental parts are notated exactly, but their precise co-ordination is organised using controlled elements of chance.
Personal and musical transitions.
Lutosławski wrote his Symphony No. 2 between 1965 and 1967. The preceding years had been a time of transition for him and for Poland. The Soviet Union under Joseph Stalin had seized control of the country in the aftermath of World War II, and the iron-fisted cultural dictation of the Communist government severely limited both the output of Polish composers and their exposure to musical developments in the outside world between the 1949 and 1954. Many pieces, including Lutosławski's first symphony, were condemned as formalist (focused on esoteric considerations of form rather than on speaking directly to the proletariat) and banned from public performance. In 1956 the Poles took advantage of Stalin's death to reform their government. The national ruling communist ideology became more liberal, especially regarding the arts.
Representing this shift, the first Warsaw Autumn (Poland's international music festival) took place in 1957. The purpose of this festival was to expose Polish audiences to new music which had been prohibited by the communist regime and promote the work of modern Polish composers. Lutosławski's work "Muzyka żałobna" ("Music of Mourning" sometimes translated "Funeral Music") was featured in the 1958 festival. In the decade that followed, Lutosławski's reputation flourished both in Poland and abroad; he traveled to many European and American music centers to serve as a music critic at music festivals, hear his works performed and receive various awards.
The second symphony marked a culmination of Lutosławski's music to that point. The years between the end of World War II and its completion had been a continuous effort to cement his personal style. Lutosławski had completed his first symphony in 1947—a work that some have called neoclassicist in its extensive use of canon and adherence to the 4-movement standard and sonata form in the first movement. Almost two decades separate the first and second symphonies, and musically, they are a world apart. In the process of composing "Five Songs on texts of Kazimiera Iłłakowicz" (1956-1958), "Muzyka żałobna" (1958), "Three Postludes" (1959-1964), and "Jeux vénitiens" (1960-1), he developed the harmonic and rhythmic elements that define the "Symphony No. 2" and other mature works. The second movement of the symphony, "Direct", even used some material that had been sketched and abandoned for a fourth postlude.
These hallmarks of Lutosławski's new style include harmonic aggregate chords using all twelve tones, macrorhythmic "accelerando", texture as a formal element, and a preference for grouping instruments with similar colors. When Lutosławski heard John Cage's piano concerto, he began exploring limited aleatoricism, and this became a feature of his style, although he intentionally never extended his employment of chance techniques beyond rhythm. Lutosławski stated that this rhythmic technique allows the performer a more interpretive role while preserving the control of the composer. Harmonic color preoccupied him; it was one way he tied himself to previous composers like Debussy. For Lutosławski, color was a vertical phenomenon in music, created both by the instruments used together and the intervals their parts created. Lutosławski proceeded on the momentum of the "Symphony No. 2" to write the "Livre pour orchestre" (1968), crystallizing his personal style even further.
Commission and early performances.
By the early 1960s, Lutosławski had so many offers for commissions that he accepted only those that aligned with his current compositional goals. "Symphony No. 2" developed out of a commission from the Norddeutscher Rundfunk in Hamburg to commemorate the 100th concert in their series of new musical works. Unfortunately, the entire symphony was not completed in time for the concert in Hamburg, so only the second movement, "Direct", was performed by the Norddeutscher Rundfunk with Pierre Boulez conducting, on October 18, 1966. The performance was met with great excitement and appreciation by all in attendance at the concert. Although the reception was positive, Lutosławski was disappointed by the partial nature of the premiered. Less than a year later, on June 9, 1967, Symphony No. 2 (both "Hesitant" and "Direct") was premiered by the Polish Radio Orchestra with Lutosławski conducting. The next performance took place that year at the Warsaw Autumn.
Instrumentation.
The orchestra, as specified in the score:
Instrumentation plays an important role in the first movement of the work, where six episodes are performed by different ensembles. 
Instrumentation in "Hésitant" (all locations given by conductor's marked downbeats on the score):
Form.
The second symphony is the first large-scale work for orchestra to use Lutosławski's new conception of two-movement form. After its success he began to refine this technique for use in future works. Lutosławski believed that form should be a vital but simple part of composition, "even…describable in one sentence." In his conception of two-movement form, the first movement is "preparatory, introductory in character"; its musical thoughts remain "unsaid", and the movement as a whole sounds aphoristic. The second movement then carries the bulk of the symphony's aesthetic weight; it is the "occurrence" that the first movement prepares. Lutosławski connects this feeling of proportion, especially in the presence of only one emotionally and semantically complex movement, to the symphonies of eighteenth-century Vienna and Haydn in particular. The second symphony only has one true point of climax—in the second movement—which goes against the symphonic principle of Beethoven and others that distribute the 'weight' of their symphonies more evenly. Also in the style of earlier Western music, his work demonstrates closed form. Closed form compositions are intended to lead the listener down a specific path, both melodically and harmonically. A simple example of a melodic trait of closed form is the use and fragmentation of motives; a harmonic example is the use of progressions to lure the listener to expect something, such as a climax or an ending. The symphony demonstrates on a large scale the importance of motion towards a musical goal—the sort of tension and release that is a foundational principle of Western music.
In the second symphony, these ideas manifest in the following way. The first movement, "Hésitant", is a series of six episodes, building in intensity throughout the movement. According to Lutosławski,
All the episodes unfold in the same way: a short phrase emerges tentatively and then subsides for a brief moment. Only then does the true beginning of every episode follow. None of the episodes has an actual ending. The growing boldness and mounting momentum of the musical action is followed by a pause, as if the energy had been spent. Then a few tentative attempts are made to take up the episode again. All the attempts are in vain and the theme is abandoned.
Each of the episodes is followed by a refrain played by the double reed instruments. The dynamic tempos and varied colors of the episodes alternate with the static refrains. The first movement could be summarized as a series of interrupted passages that push toward a climax that never materializes.
The second movement, "Direct", begins while "the last phrase of the first movement still echoes." Lutosławski again offers a cogent explanation of the movement's shape: 
The second movement, unlike the first, unfolds continuously without any pauses. Individual musical ideas overlap one another frequently, creating uninterrupted discourse. This development heads straight for the final solution without any digressions. That is why this movement is called Direct.
According to Lutosławski, this second movement subdivides into a series of five overlapping "evolutionary stages". Demarcating the first three of these stages is very difficult, but the fourth and fifth stages are more obvious. The fourth stage begins at downbeat 133 and ends just before downbeat 151; the fifth and final stage begins at downbeat 151 and ends after downbeat 160. Across these five stages, one may observe two significant rhythmic processes: a process of unification from "ad libitum" playing to metered playing and a process of acceleration from longer sections with sustained material to shorter sections in faster tempos with quicker rhythmic material, producing rhythmic acceleration on two levels, that of "microrhythm", the surface rhythms within sections, and on the level of "macrorhythm", the lengths of sections. This process pushes to the climax of the movement and the symphony as a whole, which occurs 
When the simple rhythm, which has been achieved gradually over a considerable period, is transformed suddenly into an extremely complex rhythmical structure when the whole orchestra begins to play "ad libitum". It is as if a building which has been painstakingly put together over a long time suddenly shatters into thousands of fragments.
Harmonically, the climax of this piece is marked by a twelve-tone chord based on 5ths and 6ths that falls away and almost immediately makes another effort. This too is ultimately unsuccessful, and softer and softer chords lead to the end of the piece.
Although the two movements are shockingly different on the surface, their overall shape is remarkably similar. Both movements fail to reach a definitive climax. The first movement's climax never arrives, and the second movement's climactic chords collapse into fitful murmuring.
Given the work's highly individual form and its clear detachment from eighteenth- and nineteenth-century conceptions of the symphony, what makes this a symphony? Lutosławski lists several criteria for a symphony: it must be a large-scale piece – "A ten-minute piece of music shall not be referred to as a symphony"; it must be a closed form, thus excluding much music based on Cage's aesthetic; it must be written for the symphonic orchestra; and most importantly, "it must be properly shaped into a process with a perceptible "akcja" (i.e., action). By 'action' I understand a purely musical 'plot'…a chain of interrelated musical events."
Analytical approaches.
"Akcja".
Although Lutosławski has emphasized the importance of "akcja" to his music, a clear understanding of the concept has yet to coalesce. Most theories return to an analytical approach to musical characters developed by Lutosławski's mentor, Witold Maliszewski. Maliszewski's system of four characters classifies musical passages as either narrative, transitional, introductory, or concluding. Nicholas Reyland suggests that these four classifications can be generalized further for Lutosławski's music into two categories: static and dynamic. Static, or narrative, passages are characterized by sustained harmonies, distinctive motivic ideas, and a lack of obvious goal-direction; the entry of a new narrative passage is "like the entry of a new character in a drama." Narrative passages in Lutosławski's form thus establish musical content, characters, and the "key ideas" – Lutosławski's twentieth-century transformation of the concept of motif, which he loosely defines as consisting of "a small number of notes." Dynamic passages, then, are characterized by changing harmonies, evolving or repeated motivic ideas, shifting dynamic levels, and clear goal-direction. "Akcja" then, in Reyland's view, consists of the interaction, evolution, and transformation of key ideas throughout a musical work.
Charles Bodman Rae observes a long-range relationship between the pitch classes E-flat and F, heard as a major second at the very beginning of the first movement and as a major ninth at the end of the second movement. He proposes that this latter passage (downbeat 158) functions as a culmination of the entire symphony. A full analysis of this symphony in terms of "akcja" would trace the development of this and other key ideas (perhaps the first movement's refrain) throughout the work.
Though the titles of the two movements are somewhat indicative, Lutosławski refused to discuss their meaning except in vague terms. In an interview about the symphony with Tadeusz Kaczyński in 1967, he stated that "music is not meant to express anything in an unambiguous manner" and therefore a concrete meaning of the piece "would not have much sense."
Register and texture-space.
Michael Klein proposes that the perception of long-range formal trajectories in Lutosławski's music of the 1960s and 1970s may be enhanced by the analysis of transformations on register, or texture-space. Klein defines three transformations on register — contraction, expansion, and projection — in addition to properties of texture such as field (register from lowest to highest note), density (number of voices or number of pitches in the textural field, depending on context), and compression (how tightly packed the voices are, computed by dividing density by field) to describe the texture in a particular passage. Contraction is defined as the movement inward of one or both of the registral extremes from one passage to another; expansion, then is the movement outward of one or both registral extremes; and projection is a shift in register, i.e. both registral extremes move in the same direction, though not necessarily by the same amount.
Limited aleatoricism.
Concerning the symphony and Lutosławski's compositional techniques, Martin Cooper says that "Lutosławski's controlled randomness is a method which leaves players rather more license than most schoolchildren enjoy in class, while giving the conductor the schoolmaster's task of intervening at roughly fixed intervals."
Symphony No. 2 utilizes a modernistic approach to the Baroque and Classical art of counterpoint, coined by some as "aleatoric counterpoint". Nearly all of Symphony No. 2 is written in limited aleatoric sections called "ad libitum" by the composer. In each of these sections, no bar lines are marked and each part plays a different length of music. After a certain point each of the performers repeats a segment of his or her part until the conductor signals the transition to a new section, possibly conducted in the traditional manner, possibly "ad libitum". Only one section of Symphony No. 2 is conducted in the traditional manner, the fourth "evolutionary" stage of the second movement (downbeats 133-50).
Although each of the parts is relatively simple in terms of rhythm and melody, the composite pitch and rhythmic structures in these "ad libitum" sections can become complex. Each performer is instructed to play "with the expressive freedom of a solo or a cadenza" – including those playing the same part. Any vertical alignment on the score after the beginning of such a passage is to be ignored by the instrumentalist or the conductor; instead of being controlled via the score, rhythm in these sections ("microrhythm") is contributed to by every individual performer. Pitch structures, on the other hand, are strictly pre-ordained by the composer. Analysis of individual parts separates the structural tones from the embellishing tones. The composite constructed of each part's structural tones, in pitch space, is understood as the harmonic complex underpinning the section. For textural/registral analysis, the properties of this harmony represent texture-space in this passage. After performing similar analysis on another passage, one may determine the transformation that relates texture in the two passages.
Although these harmonic complexes may contain all twelve chromatic pitch classes, they tend to feature only a few interval classes between adjacent pitches. Lutosławski has said that the use of more intervals in these harmonies results in sonorities that are "faceless" or that "have no character".
"Ad libitum" passages on the whole have a very particular role in Lutosławski's music. Most often they represent static, narrative passages with one harmonic complex underpinning them, though some "ad libitum" passages migrate from one harmonic complex to another. This makes their study particularly important in terms of "akcja", although, given their preponderance in Symphony No. 2, perhaps our understanding of the "narrative" character in Lutosławski's music needs to be further refined.
Farewell to the symphony.
As Lutosławski's musical career progressed, he began to cement his ideas and beliefs concerning the symphony orchestra, forms, and many other aspects of composition. He believed that there was no sense in writing music that was so difficult to play that the musicians forgot about the importance of musicality. Lutosławski stated that "Music that is easy to play sounds better than difficult music," and then went on to convey his "hope to have some part in helping musicians recapture the sense of pleasure that the playing of music can provide." Concerning the use of instruments in contemporary pieces, Lutosławski had many opinions. He believed that present day instruments were dated and left little to no room for evolution in composition. He stated that although the instruments in the orchestra "can" play non-diatonic music, they are not designed for it, and to do so requires greater effort. In a similar sense, the string instruments can play music that does not fit in the twelve-tone scale system, but to accomplish that, a new system of playing would have to emerge. Lutosławski also commented on modified symphony instruments and extended technique, saying that altering the use of these "great works of art" is "unnatural" and "jarring". Symphony No. 2 shows his reverence of classical instruments, with little to no use of the instruments outside of the realm of their "natural" performance techniques, but also begins to foreshadow his travels away from the relic we call orchestra (although he composed two more symphonies after this one). Beginning as far back as the "Three Postludes" (1959-1964), he began designating pieces "farewell to the orchestra". These ideas led Lutosławski to look ahead to a time when the orchestra would be replaced by an ensemble that could produce what he already heard in his head.

</doc>
<doc id="18590029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590029" title="Frank Smith (D.C. Council)">
Frank Smith (D.C. Council)

Frank Smith, Jr. (born September 17, 1942), is a civil rights activist and politician in Washington, D.C. Born in Newnan, Georgia, he attended Morehouse College where he developed his appetite for activism. In 1960, he participated in the Rich's Department Store boycotts in Atlanta; and almost at the same time he was working with other students to establish the Student NonViolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC). A founding member of SNCC, he is recognized by his SNCC peers as the first SNCC worker sent into Mississippi to register voters. Based in Holly Springs, Mississippi, he worked in some of the most brutal and racist counties in Mississippi. He was also one of the few SNCC workers employed in the original HeadStart program. Working with the Child Development Group of Mississippi (CGDM), his Headstart Program was based in Jacksonville, Mississippi, in the heart of the Mississippi Delta.
Frank worked with native Mississippi sharecroppers who had been evicted from their homes when they requested a pay raise in the men’s salaries from a flat rate of $6 day to $1.25 an hour. The sharecroppers, Frank and his first wife, Jean Smith, purchased land, lived in tents where they were regular and ongoing targets for the plantation owner and friends during the year when they built housing, and established one of the first (and only) black cooperative communities in Mississippi—Strike City. 
As part of Freedom Summer, Frank Smith and Frank Soracco, another SNCC worker, travelled the United States to raise funds for travel and expenses for the Mississippi Freedom Party and his friend and colleague, Fannie Lou Hamer to attend the 1964 Democratic National Convention. With the help of Vice President Hubert Humphrey and Party leader Walter Mondale, Johnson engineered a "compromise" in which the national Democratic Party offered the MFDP two at-large seats, which allowed them to watch the floor proceedings but not take part. The MFDP refused this "compromise," which permitted the undemocratic, white-only, regulars to keep their seats and denied votes to the MFDP. While they were unsuccessful at being seated, their presence and Ms. Hamer’s testimony led to the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
After leaving Mississippi, Frank Smith relocated in Washington, DC, where he continued his service to community. Frank was elected to the D.C. Board of Education in 1979; and subsequently to Council of the District of Columbia in 1982 where he served for sixteen years. His work focused on housing and economic development. While on the Council, he served as chair of the Housing and Economic Development Committee, the Metropolitan Washington Area Transportation Authority and the Baseball Commission. As a councilmember he shared his passion for gardening by introducing legislation to maintain the original victory gardens and allow DC residents to garden on vacant, District-owned properties. He has been in the vanguard of urban housing activities, setting up the original Neimiah project in the District of Columbia; and introducing legislation for urban homesteading. He also served as Chair of the DC Housing Authority. After his stint with the Council, he focused on his passion – African American history—and found funding to build the African American Civil War Memorial, establish a nonprofit which supports the African American Civil War Museum. 
Smith is the Founding Executive Director and Board member of the African American Civil War Memorial Freedom Foundation and Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18590036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590036" title="1990s in science and technology">
1990s in science and technology

This page contains the scientific and technological developments of the 1990s.
Technology.
Some technologies invented and improved during the 1990s:

</doc>
<doc id="18590040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590040" title="Welcome to the Gun Show">
Welcome to the Gun Show

Welcome To The Gun Show is a New Zealand music programme which first went to air on New Zealand's Alt TV, Sky Digital 65. The show is produced by former Lynfield College student Johnathon Leyland.
Format.
The show is designed to support and showcase up and coming young bands. The format of the show consists of performances by bands in their rehearsal venues, and a live in-studio interview.
The Gun Show crew includes hosts Johnathon Leyland, Dane Smith from former band Nihlism, Florence and Lawrence from Lynfield College,young Ella and Ruby Zimmermann.
The show has recently branched out into areas that include more than just music, for instance, the show has a number of editors and photography students working behind the scenes.
The Welcome To The Gun Show website states that their philosophy is -
By providing an outlet for these young people to showcase their talents, we validate who they are as individuals and their passion and energy for what they are doing. We support them to grow in their autonomy and empower them by encouraging them to develop a sense of ownership over their own style and creativity. Hence the name of our show: we believe they are all our nation’s young guns.
Featured bands.
Bands that have featured on Welcome To The Gun Show include Force Fed Trauma, White Birds And Lemons, Pink Fluffy Islands, Where's Gary's Duvet? and The Bengal Lights. Some bands featured on the show, such as False Start have since gone on to release albums, and several bands have played at Auckland's Big Day Out festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18590048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590048" title="1990s in video gaming">
1990s in video gaming

The 1990s were a decade of marked innovation in video gaming. It was a decade of transition from sprite-based graphics to full fledged 3D graphics and it gave rise to several genres of video games including, but not limited to, the first person shooter, real-time strategy, survival horror, and MMO. Handheld gaming began to become more popular throughout the decade, thanks in part to the release of the Game Boy. Arcade games, although still relatively popular in the early 1990s, begin a decline as home consoles become more common.
Consoles of the 1990s.
Fourth generation consoles.
Starting in 1987 and ending in 1996, the fourth generation of video game consoles consisted primarily of games and systems programmed for the 16-bit era. During this generation, 2D graphics had improved over the previous generation and experimentation began to occur with 3D graphics, although 3D games were more prevalent on the PC at the time. The fourth generation also was the first time Compact Discs were considered a viable port for video game retail sales with the CD-i. Some of the most notable systems released during this generation were the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (1990), the Sega Mega Drive/Genesis (1988), and the Neo Geo (1990). Nintendo's Game Boy was also released during the fourth generation, which would later become the most popular series of handheld gaming systems during the 1990s. A rivalry between Sega and Nintendo occurred during this generation, starting the first ever console war.
Fifth generation consoles.
Approximately starting in 1993 and ending in 2002, the fifth generation of video games are most widely known to be the 32/64 bit era and for being the transition period for video games to evolve into the third dimension. The Nintendo 64 (1996), PlayStation (1994), and Sega Saturn (1994) are considered to be the big three gaming systems of this generation. With the introduction of the PlayStation and Saturn, compact discs (CDs) began to replace cartridges however the Nintendo 64 remained loyal to them due to the load times on CDs at the time and became one of the last cartridge based systems in mass production.
Early sixth generation console.
The sixth generation was initiated by the release of the Dreamcast in 1999. It introduced several innovations including Internet gaming as a standard feature through its built-in modem, and a web browser. It was also the first home console to always display full SD resolution. Despite its early success, the Dreamcast was discontinued prematurely as sales slowed following the release of the PlayStation 2 in 2000.
Technological innovation.
Introduction of 3D environments and polygons.
Said to be one of the most revolutionary video games, "Super Mario 64" was praised for how it took to 3D environments of wide open spaces and graphics at the time. Many games that moved onto 3D also tried to mimic Mario's success. Instead of pixels, polygons became a standard sight to be in video games from then on as they looked more lifelike when programmed into the right shapes.
Lara Croft of the "Tomb Raider" series became the first video game sex symbol, becoming a recognizable figure in the entertainment industry throughout the late 1990s.
Optical disc storage.
Nearly every system released in the mid-late 1990s began to move to the new CD-ROM technology, with the Nintendo 64 being the last major home video game console to use ROM cartridges. Also appealing to publishers was the fact that CDs could be produced at significantly less expense and with more flexibility (it was easy to change production to meet demand), and they were able to pass the lower costs onto consumers. In particular, the fifth generation marked a turning point for optical-based storage media. As games grew more complex in content, sound, and graphics, the CD proved more than capable of providing enough space for the extra data. The cartridge format, however, was pushed beyond the limits of its storage capacity. Consequently, many game developers shifted their support away from the Nintendo 64 to the PlayStation.
Memory cards.
Due to CD-ROMs lacking the built-in memory of ROM Cartridges, the Sony PlayStation introduced the use of memory cards to store saved game data. This became the standard for video game consoles until it was replaced by the use of hard drives and built-in flash memory during the seventh generation in the late first decade of the 21st century.
Game controllers.
The Super Nintendo Entertainment System game controller introduced a more rounded dog-bone like design and added two more face buttons, "X" and "Y", arranging the four in a diamond formation. Another addition was the "L" and "R" shoulder buttons, which have been imitated by most controllers since.
The PlayStation controller was the first standard operating device for a home console to use two handle-bars at the bottom of the controller whereas previously this feature had been relegated to niche specialist controllers. This has been standard in most game controllers since, until the Wii appeared.
The Virtual Boy controller was a controller which utilized dual joypads similar to how analog sticks functioned in later "dual control" sixth-generation systems. The presence of two pads was an effort to control objects in a 3D environment (one pad controlling pitch and turning while the other controlling forward movement and strafing).
In 1996 Nintendo introduced the first analog thumbstick on the Nintendo 64 controller. It was subsequently followed in the industry during the fifth generation by the Sega Analog controller (packaged with "Nights into Dreams..."), the Sony Dual Analog gamepad which introduced the use of two analog sticks, and the Sony DualShock. Since then, all major video game console controllers have included two analog thumbsticks, except for the Wii's "Wii-mote".
The optional Rumble Pak for the Nintendo 64 controller introduced the use of haptic force feedback technology in gaming. It was later followed by the DualShock controller for the PlayStation which had built-in haptic feedback. Since then, built-in force feedback has become standard for most game controllers.
The use of pressure-sensitive buttons was introduced by the Sega DreamCast in 1999. It has trigger-like shoulder buttons, similar to the earlier Nintendo 64 controller, but the main difference being that DreamCast controller's shoulder buttons are pressure-sensitive. Since then, most game controllers have included pressure-sensitive buttons.
Online gaming.
Online gaming, which in previous generations had been the exclusive domain of PC games, became prominent in video game consoles starting in the late 1990s. The Dreamcast initiated this change in 1999 with its built in modem, internet browsing software, and ability to play certain games online. Nearly all consoles since released then have had support for online gaming.
Genre innovation.
Many technically innovative and genre-defining games were developed during the 1990s, largely due to the impact of 3D graphics allowing three-dimensional environments as well as optical discs which allowed much greater storage capacity.
Fighting games.
The release of "Street Fighter II" in 1991 is often considered a revolutionary moment in the fighting game genre. Yoshiki Okamoto's team developed the most accurate joystick and button scanning routine in the genre thus far. This allowed players to reliably execute multi-button special moves, which had previously required an element of luck. The game was also highly successful because its graphics took advantage of Capcom's CPS arcade chipset, with highly detailed characters and stages. Whereas previous games allowed players to combat a variety of computer-controlled fighters, "Street Fighter II" allowed players to play against each other. The popularity of "Street Fighter II" surprised the gaming industry, as arcade owners bought more machines to keep up with demand.
SNK released "" a few months later, adding a two-plane system where characters could step into the foreground or background. Meanwhile, Sega experimented with "Dark Edge", an early attempt at a 3D fighting game where characters could move in all directions. Sega however, never released the game outside of Japan because it felt that unrestrained 3D fighting games were unenjoyable. Several fighting games achieved greater commercial success, including SNK's "Art of Fighting" and "Samurai Shodown" as well as Sega's "Eternal Champions". Nevertheless, "Street Fighter II" remained the most popular, spawning a special "Champion Edition" that improved game balance and allowed players to use additional characters. The popularity of "Street Fighter II" led it to be released for home game consoles and allowed it to define the template for fighting games.
Sega began to attract attention with the 1993 release of "Virtua Fighter" in arcades. It was the first fighting game with 3D polygon graphics and a viewpoint that zoomed and rotated with the action. Despite the graphics, players were confined to back and forth motion as seen in other fighting games. By the time the game was released for the Sega Saturn in Japan, the game and system were selling at almost a one-to-one ratio. In 1994, SNK released "The King of Fighters '94" in arcades, where players choose from teams of three characters to eliminate each other one by one. A follow-up to "Street Fighter II", "Street Fighter Alpha", was released in 1995 but was unable to match the popularity of its predecessor. Throughout this period, the fighting game was the dominant genre in competitive video gaming, with enthusiasts popularly attending arcades in order to find human opponents.
The fighting game genre continued to evolve as several strong 3D fighting games emerged in the late 1990s. Namco's "Tekken" (released in arcades in 1994 and on the PlayStation in 1995) proved critical to the PlayStation's early success, with its sequels also becoming some of the console's most important titles. The "Soul" series of weapon-based fighting games also achieved considerable critical success, beginning with 1997's "Soul Edge". Tecmo's "Dead or Alive" (released in 1996 in Japanese arcades and 1998 on the PlayStation) spawned a long-running franchise, known for its fast paced control system and innovative counterattacks. The series again included titles important to the success of their respective consoles.
First-person shooters.
The first-person shooter (FPS) typically features the player as the protagonist. Most often the player does not see the face of who they are playing, but will always see the weapon of choice located in the players hand in the lower left or right hand corner. FPSs are usually violent and feature blood and gore, which has sparked controversy from parent groups.
With the introduction of the fifth generation of games, 3-D graphics become the standard by end of decade. Although FPSs had been some of the first games to become 3-D.
"Doom" (1993) bursts onto the world scene and instantly popularizes the FPS genre, and even how games are played, as Doom is among the first games to feature multiplayer capabilities. It was "Goldeneye 007" (1997), that introduced an engine that made development of first-person shooters for home consoles, a practicale idea. It is not until "Quake" (1996), however, that game developers begin to take multiplayer features into serious consideration when making games. "Quake II" (1997), "Unreal" (1998) and "Half-Life" (1998) feature the next evolutionary step in the genre with continual progression of the game (no levels in the traditional sense) and an entirely in-person view, and become one of the most popular video games in history.
Interactive movies.
In the early-to-mid-1990s, several video game developers experimented with plot twists and providing alternative storylines and endings into their games. They even went as far as to film live action scenes and scripted popular actors to play the parts. "Night Trap", released in 1992, was highly acclaimed for implementing live action scenes into video games and later the Wing Commander series dove into live action as well. "" was given an unheard of budget of US$12 million and starred Mark Hamill of "Star Wars" fame. The "Wing Commander" series was known for providing several alternate endings depending on how the player followed the story and interacted with the characters.
Platform games.
The platform game genre evolved through several distinct phases throughout the 1990s. The first was an evolutionary step during the fifth generation in the early 1990s, followed by a complete transformation of the genre during the sixth generation in the late 1990s.
The advent of 16-bit home consoles in the early 1990s marked an evolutionary step for the genre. By the time the Mega Drive and Super Nintendo Entertainment System launched, platform games were the most popular genre in home console gaming and were seen as vital for winning the console war. There was a particular emphasis on having a flagship platform title exclusive to a format, featuring a "mascot" character. Sega's "Alex Kidd in the Enchanted Castle" (1989) was only modestly successful, and Sega realized it needed a stronger mascot to move Genesis units. In 1990, Hudson Soft released "Bonk's Adventure" featuring a character that would be positioned as NEC's mascot.
1990 marked the release of the Super NES, along with the much awaited "Super Mario World". In order to fend off the new competition, Sega released "Sonic the Hedgehog". Whereas Nintendo's offering featured a conservative design, true to the "Mario" tradition, "Sonic" showcased a new style of design made possible by a new generation of hardware. "Sonic" featured large fields that scrolled effortlessly in all directions, as well as all manner of uneven terrain, curved hills, and a complex physics system that allowed players to rush through its levels with well-placed jumps and rolls. It proved to be a massive hit, was a successful pack-in with new systems, and cemented the view that platform games would make or break a console.
The Sonic character was also seen as a new model for mascots in the early 1990s, particularly for his perceived "attitude," which characterized him as a rebel from the status quo. This "attitude" would soon become the status quo, as companies attempted to duplicate Sonic's success with their own brightly colored anthropomorphisms. Very frequently these were characterized by impatience, sarcasm, and frequent quipping to give them personality. These mascots, which included the likes of Gex, Bug!, and Bubsy, have mostly faded from relevance.
Another notable platform game from this time period include "Prince of Persia" which featured an unprecedented level of animation. Frequently, video games based on film, television, and comic book licenses would be platformers, such as those based on "Aladdin", "Jurassic Park", "", and "Mickey Mouse".
In 1996, Nintendo released "Super Mario 64". Until this time there had been no established archetype for bringing platform games into 3D. "Mario 64" set a new standard and would be imitated by many 3D platformers to follow. Its gameplay allowed players to explore open 3D environments with greater freedom than any previous attempt at a 3D platform game. To aid this, Nintendo incorporated an analog control stick to their standard Nintendo 64 controller, something which had not been included in a standard console controller since the Vectrex (and since incorporated into the DualShock among other controllers). This allowed for the finer precision needed for a free perspective. Players no longer followed a linear path to the ends of levels, either, with most levels providing objective-based goals. There were, however, a handful of "boss" levels that offered more traditional platforming, and showed what a more direct conversion to 3D might have been like.
Some argue that many modern 3D platformers, especially those influenced heavily by "Super Mario 64", are not platformers at all, or at least are not really an extension of 2D platformers. "Super Mario 64" brought a change in the goals of some platformers. In most 2D platformers, the player only had to reach a single goal to complete a level, but in many 3D platformers, each level had to be combed for collectible items such as puzzle pieces ("Banjo-Kazooie") or stars ("Super Mario 64"). This allowed for more efficient use of large 3D areas and rewarded the player for thorough exploration, but they also often involved more elements of action-adventure games, and less jumping on platforms.
Racing games.
In 1992, Sega produced "Virtua Racing", one of the first games with full 3D graphics. It was able to combine the best features of games at the time, along with multiplayer machine linking and clean 3D graphics to produce a game that was above and beyond the arcade market standard of its time. Also, Nintendo broke new ground by introducing the Mario Kart series on the SNES with Super Mario Kart. Using the familiar characters from the Mario franchise, the game not only departed from the realism paradigm by using small karts for the players to drive, but also featured bright, colourful environments and allowed the players to pick up power-ups to improve performance or hamper other racers. This franchise also spawned multiple sequels.
In 1993, Namco struck back with "Ridge Racer", and thus began the polygonal war of driving games. Sega struck back in 1994 with Daytona USA, while Midway introduced Cruis'n USA. Atari didn't join the 3D craze until 1997, when it introduced San Francisco Rush. In 1996, Konami introduced GTI Club which allowed free roaming of the environment - something of a revolution that had only been done in 3D before in Hard Drivin'.
In 1997, "Gran Turismo" was released for the PlayStation. It was considered the most realistic racing simulation game in its time, combined with playability, enabling players of all skill levels to play. The "Gran Turismo" series has since become one of the most popular racing franchises ever, with the series selling more than 50 million copies worldwide. Colin McRae Rally was introduced in 1998 to the PC world, and was a successful semi-simulation of the world of rally driving (previously only available in Sega's less serious Sega Rally Championship). Motorhead, a PC game, was later adapted back to arcade.
1999 marked a change of games into more "free form" worlds. "Midtown Madness" allows the player to explore a simplified version of the city of Chicago using a variety of vehicles and any path that they desire. In the arcade world, Sega introduced "Crazy Taxi", where you are a taxi driver that needed to get the client to the destination in the shortest amount of time. A similar game also from Sega is "Emergency Ambulance Driver", with almost the same gameplay (pick up patient, drop off at hospital, as fast as possible).
Role-playing games.
The 1990s saw the emergence of several distinct subgenres of the role-playing video game genre.
1990 would see the release of "Crystalis" for the NES and also "Golden Axe Warrior" for the Master System. Both games featured "Zelda"-like gameplay blended with genuine RPG elements, such as experience points, statistics-based equipment, and a magic-casting system. In 1991, Square released "Seiken Densetsu" for the Game Boy, also known as "Final Fantasy Adventure" in the West. Like "Crystalis", the action in "Seiken Densetsu" bore a strong resemblance to that of "Zelda", but added more RPG elements. "Seiken Densetsu 2", also known as "Secret of Mana", implemented an innovative multiplayer function, and further developed its combat with more diverse weaponry and spell-casting.
Unique among video games are Capcom's ' (1993) and ' (1996). These games were released for the arcades, and featured a blending of beat 'em up and RPG characteristics. The games were later released for the Sega Saturn together as the "Dungeons & Dragons Collection" (1999). Several later beat 'em ups followed this same formula, including Guardian Heroes, Castle Crashers and Dungeon & Fighter.
In Japan on Super Famicom, "Tales of Phantasia" was released in Japan in 1995, featuring real-time side-scrolling combat mode and an exploration mode similar to classic console RPGs. In 1996, Star Ocean was released that also has real-time combat and classic exploration but features bird's eye view. Namco and Enix did not publish these two revolutionary titles in America, even though sequels in the two series would become wildly popular on future generations of consoles in the US. Fifth generation era saw several popular action RPGs, such as "Tales of Eternia", "Brave Fencer Musashi" and "Legend of Oasis".
It was in the early 1990s that the console role-playing video game genre distinguished itself greatly from computer RPGs, with the "Final Fantasy" series playing an instrumental role. "Final Fantasy III" introduced the "job system", a character progression engine allowing the player to change a character's class, as well as acquire new and advanced classes. "Final Fantasy IV" (1991) was one of the first role-playing games to feature a complex, involving plot, placing a much greater emphasis on character development and pioneering "the whole concept of dramatic storytelling in an RPG." It also introduced a new battle system: the "Active Time Battle" system, developed by Hiroyuki Ito, where the time-keeping system does not stop. Square Co., Ltd. filed a United States patent application for the ATB system on March 16, 1992, under the title "Video game apparatus, method and device for controlling same" and was awarded the patent on February 21, 1995. On the battle screen, each character has an ATB meter that gradually fills, and the player is allowed to issue a command to that character once the meter is full. The fact that enemies can attack or be attacked at any time is credited with injecting urgency and excitement into the combat system. Both the "job system" and the ATB system were fully developed in "Final Fantasy V" (1992) and continued to be used in later "Final Fantasy" games as well as other Square games such as "Chrono Trigger" (1995). "Final Fantasy VI" (1994) and the "Megami Tensei" series were some of the first RPGs to move away from the typical medieval setting, with "Final Fantasy VI" instead being set in a steampunk environment and the "Megami Tensei" games set in modern-day Japan.
The next major revolution came in the late 1990s, which saw the rise of optical disks in fifth generation consoles. The implications for RPGs were enormous—longer, more involved quests, better audio, and full-motion video. This was first clearly demonstrated by "Final Fantasy VII" (1997). The explosion of "Final Fantasy VII"'s sales and the ascendance of the PlayStation were proof of this and represented the dawning of a new era of RPGs. Backed by a clever marketing campaign, "Final Fantasy VII" brought the first taste of CRPGs to many of the new gamers brought in by the PlayStation gaming console. Subsequently, CRPGs, previously a niche genre, skyrocketed in popularity.
In 1997, a new Internet fad began, influenced by the popularization of console RPGs. A large group of young programmers and aficionados began creating and sharing independent CRPG games, emulating the gameplay and style of the older SNES and Sega Genesis games. The majority of such games owe their achievement to simplistic software development kits such as the Japanese "RPG Maker" series.
1989 and the early 1990s saw the release and spread of the MUD codebases DikuMUD and LPMud, leading to a tremendous increase in the proliferation and popularity of MUDs. Before the end of the decade, the evolution of the genre continued through "graphical MUDs" into the first massively multiplayer online role-playing games (MMORPGs), a term coined by Richard Garriott in 1997. That genre, as currently defined, began with "Meridian 59" in 1995, but first truly came into its own with "Ultima Online" in 1997, a game that provided a core idea of what later MMORPGs would become, featuring a massive continent on which players could interact with others from around the world, fight mythical creatures, and cast spells. After earlier games broke ground, widespread popularity for MMORPGs arrived with the debut of "EverQuest" and "Asheron's Call" in 1999. MMORPGs would become a common form of social interaction in the 2000s.
In 1990, Nintendo released and published the first tactical RPG, "" for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES), created and developed by Intelligent Systems. Released in Japan in 1990, "Fire Emblem" was an archetype for the whole genre, establishing gameplay elements that are still used in tactical CRPGs today (although some of these elements were influenced by "Ultima III"). Combining the basic console RPG concepts from games like "Dragon Quest" and simple turn-based strategy elements, Nintendo created a hit, which spawned many sequels and imitators.
Among the first imitators was "Langrisser" by NCS/Masaya, first released for the Mega Drive/Sega Genesis in 1991. It was translated for North American release and retitled "Warsong". The "Langrisser" series differed from "Fire Emblem" in that it used a general-soldier structure instead of controlling main characters. "Master of Monsters" was a unique title by SystemSoft. Where "Langrisser" and "Fire Emblem" used a square-based grid, "Master of Monsters" used a hexagonal grid. Players could choose one of four different Lords to defend their Towers and areas on the grid by building an army of creatures to destroy the opposing armies.
The first game in the long-running "Super Robot Wars" series is another early example of the genre, released for the Game Boy in 1991. Another influential early tactical RPG was Sega's "Shining Force" for the Sega Genesis, which was released in 1992. "Shining Force" used even more console RPG elements than earlier games, allowing the player to walk around towns and talk to people and buy weapons. One game released solely in Japan for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES), "Bahamut Lagoon", began Square's (now Square Enix) famous line of tactical RPGs.
' was released for the SNES and is more of a real-time strategy game in which the player forms role-playing video game-like character parties that are moved around a map in real-time. When two parties meet, the combat plays out with minimal user interaction. A later release, ', was originally a SNES game that was later ported to the PlayStation. "Tactics Ogre" is a much more direct influence on the sort of tactical RPGs that gamers recognize today such as "Final Fantasy Tactics" and "". It was also the first to bear the name "Tactics" in the title, a term gamers would come to associate with the genre. Not only are characters moved individually on a grid, but the view is isometric, and the order of combat is calculated for each character individually. The game defined the genre in many ways.
Stealth games.
While stealth elements have been present in video games as far back as "005", a 1981 video game by Sega, it was in the 1990s that the stealth game genre was established. Hideo Kojima's "" was released in 1990 for the MSX2 and was a major improvement over its predecessor, "Metal Gear" (1987). "Metal Gear 2: Solid Snake" improved on the first game in many ways, including improved graphics, more player abilities (such as crouching, crawling into hiding spots, disguising in enemy uniforms and cardboard boxes, and distracting guards by knocking on surfaces), improved enemy AI (such as a greater field of vision, the ability to detect various noises, and a three-level security alert), and additions such as a radar, as well as a complex storyline. The game was only released for the MSX2 in Japan, however, which limited its accessibility to gamers in the US. An alternative "Metal Gear" sequel named "Snake's Revenge" was released for the Nintendo Entertainment System in the US instead, also in 1990. Kojima was not involved in the game's development, which was instead conducted by another Konami team. The result was a more action based game than previous installments, and which is not part of the "Metal Gear" canon.
1998 is seen as a turning point in gaming history because of the release of "Metal Gear Solid", as well as ' and '. The ninja-themed game "Tenchu: Stealth Assassins" was released several months before "Metal Gear Solid", making it the first 3D stealth based-game. The highly anticipated "Metal Gear Solid" transformed its modestly successful franchise into a large mainstream success. The increased power of the PlayStation console over previous platforms allowed for greater immersion in terms of both story and game environment. "Metal Gear Solid" has been credited with popularizing the stealth genre. The core elements of these games, such as avoiding confrontation, minimizing noise, and attacking antagonists from "the shadows", influenced many future stealth game series.
Survival horror.
While elements of the survival horror genre can be traced back to the 1989 Capcom game "Sweet Home", which served as a major influence on the genre, it was in the 1990s that survival horror was established as a genre. Another precursor appeared in 1992 when Infogrames released "Alone in the Dark", which is also considered a forefather of the genre. The game featured a lone protagonist against hordes of monsters, and made use of traditional adventure game challenges such as puzzle-solving and finding hidden keys to new areas. Graphically, "Alone in the Dark" utilized static prerendered camera views that were cinematic in nature. Although players had the ability to fight monsters as in action games, players also had the option to evade or block them.
The term "survival horror" was first used by Capcom to market their 1996 release, "Resident Evil", thus establishing it as a genre. The game was influenced by Capcom's "Sweet Home", released seven years earlier. "Resident Evil" also adopted several features seen in "Alone in the Dark", including puzzle-solving challenges and fixed cinematic camera angles. The control scheme in "Resident Evil" also became a staple of the genre, and future titles would imitate its challenge of rationing highly limited resources and items. The game's commercial success is credited with helping the PlayStation become the dominant game console, and also led to a series of "Resident Evil" films. Many games have tried to replicate the successful formula seen in "Resident Evil", and every subsequent survival horror game has arguably taken a stance in relation to it.
"Silent Hill" (1999) drew heavily from "Resident Evil" while using realtime 3D environments in contrast to "Resident Evil"'s pre-rendered graphics. The game was praised for moving away from B movie horror elements to the psychological style seen in art house or Japanese horror films, due to the game's emphasis on a disturbing atmosphere rather than visceral horror. The original "Silent Hill" is considered one of the scariest games of all time.
Notable video-game franchises established in the 1990s.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="18590054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590054" title="George Shepheard">
George Shepheard

George Shepheard (26 January 1770-7 September 1842) was an English professional cricketer who made 10 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1794 to 1799.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Middlesex.

</doc>
<doc id="18590064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590064" title="Panopea zelandica">
Panopea zelandica

Panopea zelandica, commonly known as the Deepwater Clam or New Zealand geoduc (geoduck), is a large species of marine bivalve mollusc in the family Hiatellidae. "Panopea zelandica" is also sometimes called a King Clam or a Gaper in reference to the shell not being closed at either end.
It can be found around the North, South and Stewart islands and occurs mainly in shallow waters (5–25 metres) in sand and mud off sandy ocean beaches. Another geoduc species ("Panopea smithae") is found in deeper New Zealand waters.
Like other geoducs "P. zelandica" burrows downwards in the mud and extends a siphon 30-45 centimetres up to the surface of the substrate. The siphon contains two tubes. Water is sucked down one tube, filtered for food and then expelled through the other.

</doc>
<doc id="18590071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590071" title="Aztec Motel">
Aztec Motel

The Aztec Motel, also known as the Aztec Auto Court or Aztec Lodge, was a historic motel located on former U.S. Route 66 in the Upper Nob Hill neighborhood of Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States. It was demolished in 2011 despite being the oldest continuously-operating Route 66 motel in New Mexico and "one of the five most important motels left" in Albuquerque.
The motel was built in 1932 as the first of what would eventually be dozens of auto courts lining Central Avenue. It was listed on the New Mexico State Register of Cultural Properties and the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. The building was well known locally for its exterior decorations, which consisted of hundreds of found objects assembled in the 1990s by a resident of the motel. The work was described in the "Albuquerque Journal" as a "beloved local folk art installation".
The Aztec Motel was razed in early June 2011. The motel's owner cited its deteriorating condition and high maintenance costs as reasons for the demolition, estimating the building would cost $1 million to renovate. The motel's neon sign was preserved and will become part of any future development on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="18590076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590076" title="Utah Division">
Utah Division

Utah Division may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18590081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590081" title="Wheeler (Middlesex cricketer)">
Wheeler (Middlesex cricketer)

J. Wheeler (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 10 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1794 to 1797.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Middlesex.

</doc>
<doc id="18590086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590086" title="Song Shilun">
Song Shilun

Song Shilun (Chinese: 宋时轮; Pinyin: Sòng Shílún; 1907–1991), also spelled Song Shi-Lun and Song-Shilung, born September 10, 1907 in Hunan Province, was a general of the People's Liberation Army of the People's Republic of China. General Song had graduated from Whampoa Military Academy and participated in the Long March. He died September 17, 1991 in Shanghai.
Korean War.
During the Korean War, General Song Shilun commanded the PLA 9th Army Group. His armies fought against the US Army 31st Regimental Combat Team and the 1st Marine Division at the Chosin Reservoir in November–December 1950. The 9th Army Group consisted of: 
Tiananmen Square Protests of 1989.
During the Tiananmen Square protests of spring 1989, Song Shilun joined former Minister of Defense Zhang Aiping and five other retired generals in opposing the enforcement of martial law by the Army in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18590089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590089" title="Howell Living History Farm">
Howell Living History Farm

The Howell Living History Farm is a farm that is a living museum in Titusville, New Jersey. The museum shows farm life from the year 1900. 

</doc>
<doc id="18590092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590092" title="Sola scriptura (disambiguation)">
Sola scriptura (disambiguation)

Sola scriptura may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18590095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590095" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1911–1914">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1911–1914

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly between the 1911 election and the 1914 election, together known as the Eighth Parliament. All members who sat as Liberals, apart from those returned at by-elections, were elected under the "Ministerial" designation at the 1911 election.

</doc>
<doc id="18590096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590096" title="Gates (Berkshire cricketer)">
Gates (Berkshire cricketer)

Gates (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 8 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1794 to 1807.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Berkshire and also played for Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC).

</doc>
<doc id="18590105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590105" title="West (Berkshire cricketer)">
West (Berkshire cricketer)

West (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 2 known appearances in major cricket matches in 1794.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Berkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18590114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590114" title="Edward Balcerzan">
Edward Balcerzan

Edward Balcerzan (born in Vovchansk, Kharkiv Oblast, Ukraine, 13 October 1937) is a Polish literary critic, writer, poet and translator.

</doc>
<doc id="18590115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590115" title="Bánh hỏi">
Bánh hỏi

Bánh hỏi is a Vietnamese dish consisting of rice vermicelli woven into intricate bundles and often topped with chopped scallions or garlic chives sauteed in oil, served with a complementary meat dish. The strings of noodles are usually only as thin as a toothpick; the texture is firm enough so the noodles do not fall apart, but is not at all sticky to keep the dish light and suitable for a breakfast treat.
Origin.
"Bánh hỏi" originated from the Bình Định Province of Vietnam's South Central Coast region. People in Bình Định eat "bánh hỏi" for almost any meal during the day, instead of rice or noodle soups.
Production.
Making "bánh hỏi" is a multistep process. First, good rice is soaked in water overnight, then washed with water again three or four times until the water comes out clear. Then the rice is either ground with water into a mixture, or ground without water, but mixed into water three or four times afterward to leaven it without using any additional agent. The flour mixture is then either steamed and kneaded, or cooked in a pan, stirred continuously until it starts to coagulate, but no flour gets stuck on the stirring tool. This step is crucial in making "bánh hỏi" soft, light, and not sticky, but the strings of noodles will still have a firm texture. When the experienced "bánh hỏi" maker feels the dough is done, it is ready for pressing.
Special copper or aluminum cylinders, with several small holes (the size of a needle eye), shape the cooked dough into noodle form. Pressing the dough requires great strength, as the dough is hard and the holes are small, so it is usually done with leverage. When one person presses the dough, another "catches" the noodles coming out on the other side, presses them together and cuts them off every 10 cm or so, creating a kind of mesh of noodle, which is then laid onto a flat surface, but not in layers. Finally, the sheets are steamed one last time for about five minutes.
Serving.
Like "bún" (rice vermicelli) dishes, "bánh hỏi" is served cold. Traditionally "bánh hỏi" in Bình Định is rolled into bundles and always served with chopped garlic chives. The garlic chives are quickly stir-fried with oil, its aroma and taste goes well with "bánh hỏi", which makes the dish enjoyable by itself and without any other kinds of herbs.
In central Vietnam, such as Huế, "bánh hỏi" is eaten with dried prawns and "nước chấm". In southern Vietnam, "bánh hỏi" is eaten with a variety of meats, especially roast pork or duck. There are also "bánh hỏi" "chả giò", "bánh hỏi" with shrimp paste on sugar cane stick, and "bánh hỏi" with grilled pork, chicken, or beef. At the Gò Duối market in Xuân Lộc commune, Sông Cầu district, Phú Yên Province, one also finds "bánh hỏi lòng heo Gò Duối", which is "bánh hỏi" with boiled pig offal.
Since making "bánh hỏi" is a skillful process, the dish is highly regarded, and is served at ceremonial parties, such as wedding and ancestor memorial days.
Covering "bánh hỏi" tightly reduces surface drying, which can make it sour, so market sellers put fresh "bánh hỏi" in bamboo baskets with banana leaves, and usually leave it open to air. For convenience or sanitary reasons, there are dried, packaged "bánh hỏi", similar to dried, packaged rice vermicelli, for people who want to cook it themselves instead of buying fresh "bánh hỏi" from the markets.

</doc>
<doc id="18590129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590129" title="Rubegall (Middlesex cricketer)">
Rubegall (Middlesex cricketer)

Rubegall (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 6 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1794 to 1798.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Middlesex.
Rubegall played on the following teams:

</doc>
<doc id="18590131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590131" title="Sông Cầu (disambiguation)">
Sông Cầu (disambiguation)

Sông Cầu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18590133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590133" title="Panopea smithae">
Panopea smithae

Panopea smithae is a species of large marine bivalve mollusc in the family Hiatellidae, found in the waters surrounding New Zealand. Unlike its relative "Panopea zelandica", it lives in deeper waters, ranging from deep harbours to the outer continental shelf. 

</doc>
<doc id="18590134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590134" title="Owen G. Glenn Building">
Owen G. Glenn Building

The Owen G. Glenn Building is the home of the Business School of the University of Auckland, Auckland, New Zealand, completed in late 2007. It is named after Owen G. Glenn ONZM, an expatriate New Zealand businessman who has donated to a number of philanthropic causes, as well as giving NZ$7.5 million to the business school.
The building has 11 levels to serve the teaching and research activities of the school, and has been described as being "a series of layered sinuous blades anchored by a central atrium."
The lowest levels feature teaching, learning and administrative spaces, while the higher floors contain offices for 287 staff, 80% of whom have individual offices. The basement of the building contains 700 parking spaces.

</doc>
<doc id="18590144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590144" title="R. Brandling (MCC cricketer)">
R. Brandling (MCC cricketer)

R Brandling (full name and dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who made 5 known appearances for Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) from 1794 to 1795.

</doc>
<doc id="18590151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590151" title="Junior Optimist Octagon International">
Junior Optimist Octagon International

Junior Optimist Octagon International (JOOI) is an active youth service organization that was created in 1988 and is affiliated with Optimist International, its sponsor. There are more than 18,500 members in over 675 communities around the world.
There are three types of JOOI clubs that are separated by age groups: Alpha Clubs (6–9 years), Junior Optimist Clubs (10–13 years), and Octagon Clubs (14-18). Due to the various age groups, each type of JOOI club serves their community in different ways. While different approaches are undertaken, the main goal of JOOI members is "to promote positive change in their communities." 
Like Optimist International, JOOI is "a community-based organization with a hierarchy that can take a member from a club to office at zone, district, national and international levels." Typically, each club plans their own fund raisers and service projects. The money raised is then donated to (projects and organizations that will improve the well-being of others, such as the Childhood Cancer Campaign (CCC).
JOOI's motto is "Kids Serving Kids." Since JOOI keeps leadership local, it is able to "empower young people to make positive decisions to serve fellow youths and their community."
Overview.
During the months of June and July, the JOOI Convention takes place and members across the globe gather together. At this convention, members learn how to become great leaders in their Clubs and schools, exchange project ideas, and meet representatives from Clubs all over the world.
International Convention.
The 16th Annual International Convention took place at Orlando, Florida from June 25, 2008 to June 28, 2008. The International Convention is composed of several activities throughout its four-day span: workshops, business sessions, electing the new JOOI Board of Directors for the upcoming year, service projects, and recreational activities. Various workshops take place that teach members how to become great leaders in their communities and are led by guest speakers as well as members from the JOOI Board of Directors. While topics range from communication skills to life lessons, all of these workshops allow members to learn more about themselves and motivate them to be the best that they can. The business sessions that take place are where members learn about the current issues within the organization. During specific sessions, accredited delegates representing their schools vote for any changes within the Policy for Governance of JOOI.
Throughout the convention, JOOI members are able to campaign in order to become a member of the JOOI Board of Directors. During a certain time at the convention, members can "meet and greet the candidates (mingling)" and learn about their positions on certain issues within JOOI. Later, candidates give their speeches, participate in a "Meet the Candidates Forum," and then the accredited delegates elect who will become the new JOOI Board of Directors. Those elected are announced before the President's Dance on the final night.
Service projects vary from the location of the convention. Sometimes, service projects are on-site, off-site, or there are both. For instance, during the 2008 International Convention, the off-site service project consisted of building and restoring a local park whereas the on-site service project consisted of collecting books for the JOOI of Reading Program. The recreational activities that take place during this convention are the Talent Show, theme days, and President's Dance.
JOOI Board of Directors.
The 2013-14 Board of Directors:
2010-11 International Youth Club Committee:
The Optimist Creed.
In 1922, the Optimist Creed was adopted as the official creed of the organization. Written by Christian Larson, the creed was originally published under the title "Promise Yourself" in 1912. Optimists in California found the Optimist spirit well-expressed in the 10-line statement and pushed to have it adopted organization-wide. The wife of Los Angeles Optimist James V. Westervelt saw the item in a newspaper and clipped it for her husband. After publishing it in his club's bulletin, Westervelt and other Los Angeles Optimists encouraged other California clubs to use the creed. Soon after, the creed's popularity grew.
The creed reads as follows:
Promise Yourself:-

</doc>
<doc id="18590166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590166" title="Total Chaos">
Total Chaos

Total Chaos is an American Hardcore punk band from Pomona, East L.A. County, California, formed in 1989. Lead vocalist Rob Chaos is also co-owner of SOS Records with Ezzat Soliman, owner of the Showcase Theater, having released albums by classic Punk and Oi! bands like The Exploited, Vice Squad, Sham 69, Conflict, The Adicts and Abrasive Wheels among others. With help of Jay Lee from the band Resist and Exist, the band started organizations such as United Valley Punks, Orange County Peace Punks and Alternative Gathering Collective. Together, they held such social events as Food Not Bombs, helped open the Los Angeles Anarchist Center and supported the Big Mountain Indian Reservation.
History.
Formed in 1989, the first Total Chaos line up consisted of vocalist Rob Chaos, guitarist Gary Doom, bassist Joe E. Bastard and drummer Gearbox. In 1991, the band recorded their first demo titled "Punk Invasion", followed by the 7" EP "Nightmares" in 1992. In 1993, the band recorded their debut album "We Are the Punx, We Are the Future". Shortly after Gary Doom left the band, being replaced by Ronald McMurder, a tour in Mexico with the Mexican band Yaps was booked, having most of the venues sold out. 
Epitaph Records decided to sign the band to release the 1994 album "Pledge of Defiance". To support the release, a tour was booked with The Mighty Mighty Bosstones. After the end of the tour, a second album for Epitaph Records was recorded in 1995, "Patriotic Shock", adding Germ as second guitarist. Once again, the band toured for the release, this time with Battalion of Saints. Due to the strong message against racism and socio-political subjects, the band faced racist and nationalist organizations at the shows and the ban of the album in Japan. In the summer of the same year, Total Chaos visited Europe for the first time, with a new lead guitarist, Shawn Smash, playing in Germany for the Chaos Days festival, well known for the often violent environment.
In 1996, Rob Chaos, Joe E. Bastard and Shawn Smash recruited Suzy Homewrecker on drums to record a new album titled "Anthems From the Alleyway". This album differs from the others because of the 70s punk rock influenced sound. By 1997, the band lost contact with Epitaph Records while recording demos for the upcoming album, mainly because of the drug rehab of label founder Brett Gurewitz and poor communication with the label president Andy Kalukin. For these reasons, the band decided to leave Epitaph Records.
By early 1998, Total Chaos disbanded, although by September the group reformed without Homewrecker, who was stealing the band's T-shirts, selling them at a discounted price and keeping the profits herself. Total Chaos asked Traci Michaels to fill in for one show, which was the reunion show at the Showcase Theatre. They continued to search for drummers and found Danny Boy Virus. The band then signed with Cleopatra Records to release the "In God We Kill" in 1999 and the compilation "Early Years 89-93" with the early demos and LPs. The band got back to touring with Blanks77 and in 2000 completed its firstJapanese tour. Shortly after, the band recorded "Punk Invasion", released on Reject Records in 2001, with Todd Trash playing bass and Danny Boy Virus on drums.
In 2002, the band was invited to the Warped Tour, with bands like The Casualties, Pistol Grip, Mighty Mighty Bosstones, Anti-Flag and Bad Religion among others. After the tour, original drummer Gearbox returned with the band, and with the new bassist Charlie, ex-member Life's Halt, the band released "Freedom Kills" with SOS Records, and toured with The Adicts, The Exploited and Conflict. 
On October 14, 2003, the band was scheduled to play in Montreal with The Exploited, but due to legal issues, both bands were retained at the U.S. border. One of the reasons was because The Exploited lied to the Canadian Customs, saying it was a road trip, and they were not a band, being caught when an employee showed a photo of Wattie on stage performing with the band. Total Chaos' entrance was denied due to the criminal records of some members, although Rob chaos stated: "It should be against the law to pry into someone's past and dig up something they'd done 15 years ago".

</doc>
<doc id="18590171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590171" title="Cadwaladerite">
Cadwaladerite

Cadwaladerite is a rare aluminium halide mineral with formula: AlOHCl2·4(H2O). It was reported for an amorphous substance associated with sulfate minerals and embedded in a halite crystal cluster. Its status is uncertain due to inadequate data.
It was first described in 1941 for an occurrence in mine dumps of the Victoria Segunda mine Cerros Pintados, Iquique province, Tarapacá Region, Chile.
Chile. It was named for Charles Meigs Biddle Cadwalader, president of the Academy of Natural Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="18590175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590175" title="John Beldham">
John Beldham

John Beldham (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 3 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1794 to 1795. It is not clear in the sources if he was related to the more famous William Beldham.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Surrey.

</doc>
<doc id="18590181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590181" title="71st Infantry Brigade (United Kingdom)">
71st Infantry Brigade (United Kingdom)

The 71st Infantry Brigade was a British Army formation during the First and Second World Wars.
First World War.
The 71st Infantry Brigade was raised following the outbreak of war as part of Kitchener's Army. It was initially part of the 24th Division, but on 11 October 1915 it transferred to the 6th Division, swapping with the 17th Brigade. It fought on the Western Front.
Second World War.
The 71st Infantry Brigade re-formed part of the 53rd (Welsh) Infantry Division during World War II. It fought with the division throughout the North-West Europe campaign, before finally being disbanded in March 1946. It was commanded by Brigadier D.H. Haugh. 

</doc>
<doc id="18590183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590183" title="Casa del Rey">
Casa del Rey

Casa del Rey, the "King's House," is a historic place in the town of Dorado, in Puerto Rico. It is also known as Cuartel de la Guardia de Milicias, Parador, or Carcel Municipal.
It was constructed as a parador, or inn, about 1823. The building, the oldest in town, provided housing for Spanish government personnel, and also served as the regional military headquarters.
In 1848, Jacinto López purchased the structure. In converting it into a residence, Lópze added two wings which created a U-shaped configuration around an interior patio. In 1871, Casa del Rey became the home of Manuel Alonso y Pacheco, Puerto Rico's notable romantic writer.
It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
The house was restored by the Institute of Puerto Rican Culture in 1978 and is now a local history museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18590197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590197" title="John Burgess (cricketer)">
John Burgess (cricketer)

John Burgess (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 2 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1794 to 1795.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Kent and played for the Woolwich club into the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18590202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590202" title="Francis Rombouts">
Francis Rombouts

Francis Rombouts (22 June 1631 – 1691) was the 12th Mayor of New York City, (formerly New Amsterdam), from 1679 to 1680.
Biography.
Frans Rombouts was born on June 22 at 1631 in Hasselt (Belgium), the second son of Jan Rombouts, who was a taxreceiver for the Archdeacon of Liege, and Johanna Haenen.
Francis Rombouts emigrated to New Amsterdam in 1653 aboard the ship "Nieuw Amsterdam". He engaged in trade as a merchant, while yet a youth. In the year 1658, he enrolled himself among the burghers, or citizens, though he had been for several years previously a trader here. His trading operations as a merchant were tolerably extensive, though he did not rank among the wealthiest of the inhabitants. He was probably worth, as near as can be estimated, about ten thousand dollars, which was then, however, considered an independent fortune. Rombouts bought his first stone house at Nieuw-Amsterdam, in the Heerestraat, now Broadway in Manhattan. 
Rombouts held several offices of trust among his fellow-citizens. In 1673, 1674, 1676, 1678, 1686, he was an Alderman. Afterward, in 1687, the city having been divided into wards, he was returned as Alderman of the West Ward. he afterward held the office of Justice of the Peace, until his death. His political principles were of a liberal character, and his manners and address grave and dignified. Rombouts' dwelling was on Broadway, west side, near Rector street, extending to the North river shore. it embraced a large garden and an orchard. At the time of his mayoralty, the city contained about 3,500 inhabitants.
On May 31, 1665 Rombouts married Aeltie Wessels in the Reformed Dutch Church of New Amsterdam. She died sometime prior to August 5, 1675, when he then married Anna Elizabeth Masschop. Widowed a second time, he married, on September 8, 1683, Helena Teller Bogardus Van Bael. It was the third marriage for both of them. Helena Teller was born about 1645, the daughter of William and Margaret Doncheson Teller of Schenectady. Helena had seven children from her previous marriages, and from this marriage another three were born. She and Rombouts had two boys and a girl. The boys died young but the girl, Catharyna, born on 5 September 1687, survived. Catharyna later married Lieutenant Roger Brett.
The Rombout Patent.
The Rombout Patent is a legal instrument that was issued by King James II of England. In it, the king granted Francis Rombouts and his associates the right to own land that was then claimed by England.
Rombout went into the fur-trading business with Gulian Verplanck. In 1683, Gulian Verplanck and Francis Rombouts purchased approximately from the Wappinger Indians. The Rombout Patent included most of southern Dutchess County. The price, about $1,250, was paid in guns, shot, powder, blankets, wampum, alcohol, cloth and other goods. The Rombout Patent was finally granted in 1685 to Verplanck, Rombout, and Stephanus Van Cortlandt.

</doc>
<doc id="18590217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590217" title="List of TVB series (1991)">
List of TVB series (1991)

This is a list of series released by or aired on TVB Jade Channel in 1991.
First line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 7:35pm to 8:35pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Second line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 8:50pm to 9:50pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Third line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 9:50pm to 10:20pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18590226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590226" title="J. Jackson (Leicestershire cricketer)">
J. Jackson (Leicestershire cricketer)

J Jackson (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 3 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1794 to 1800.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Leicestershire but he also played in London, including one appearance for The Thursday Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18590236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590236" title="158th Infantry Brigade (United Kingdom)">
158th Infantry Brigade (United Kingdom)

The 158th Infantry Brigade formed part of the 53rd (Welsh) Infantry Division during World War II. It fought with the division throughout the North-West Europe campaign, before finally being disbanded in March 1947. 
The Brigade's Victoria Cross.
During operations undertaken by the Brigade to close the Falaise Pocket, heavy fighting took place on 16 August around the town of Balfour. During this action, Captain Tasker Watkins, commanding B Company of 1/5th Battalion, The Welch Regiment, personally led a charge across a heavily defended stretch of open ground, reaching and personally eliminating an enemy position in spite of his companies' very heavy losses. For this action, he received the Victoria Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="18590240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590240" title="Sarpogrelate">
Sarpogrelate

Sarpogrelate (Anplag, MCI-9042, LS-187,118) is a drug which acts as an antagonist at the 5HT2A and 5-HT2B receptors. It blocks serotonin-induced platelet aggregation, and has applications in the treatment of many diseases including diabetes mellitus, Buerger's disease, Raynaud's disease, coronary artery disease, angina pectoris, and atherosclerosis.

</doc>
<doc id="18590272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590272" title="The Dark Side (book)">
The Dark Side (book)

The Dark Side: The Inside Story of How the War on Terror Turned Into a War on American Ideals (2008) is a non-fiction book written by the American journalist Jane Mayer about Islamic radicalism, the War on Terrorism, and the "closed-doors domestic struggle over whether" U.S. President George W. Bush should have "limitless power to wage it". The book details the origins of controversies such as the coercive interrogation program, in which detainees were tortured, and the NSA electronic surveillance program of domestic surveillance without court warrants.
The book became a best-seller in non-fiction hardcover in the United States, with its author Jane Mayer booked on various news programs for interviews. It later made the "New York Times Book Review" editors' list of "10 Best Books of 2008" and was nominated for the 2008 National Book Critics Circle Award in General Nonfiction. The book was a finalist for the National Book Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18590274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590274" title="2008 Ivorian New Forces unrest">
2008 Ivorian New Forces unrest

Three serious incidents of unrest in the New Forces, a former rebel group in Côte d'Ivoire, occurred in mid-2008. These incidents occurred in the midst of a disarmament process, according to which a portion of the New Forces fighters are to be integrated into the army, while the majority are to be given work on projects. The disarmament process is to be followed by a presidential election and a parliamentary election.
Disorder in Bouaké.
By late May, with the disarmament process continuing, 2,568 New Forces soldiers had been grouped in camps. As part of the process, each of the former rebels were planned to each receive 90,000 CFA francs per month for three months; the first of these monthly payments occurred in May. The June payment was delayed by one week, and on June 16, angry New Forces soldiers protested in Bouaké, demanding payment, disrupting the city, and seizing vehicles. Prime Minister Guillaume Soro, who also leads the New Forces, sent a financial team on June 17 to make the payments. Although payments began to be made early on June 18, another violent protest took place on the same day; New Forces soldiers reportedly fired into the air, attacked civilians, seized vehicles, set up barricades, and looted shops. By evening on June 18, Bouaké was calm again, as security was increased through joint patrols of the New Forces and UN peacekeepers.
Unrest in Vavoua and Seguela.
New Forces fighters loyal to Zacharia Koné, a New Forces commander who was dismissed from his command in May 2008 for indiscipline, reportedly mutinied in Vavoua and Seguela on June 28. The unrest was said to have begun in Vavoua and then spread to Seguela. Three civilians were reportedly killed, along with one of the fighters involved in the unrest; another of the fighters was reportedly wounded. The unrest reportedly ended on the same day; according to official sources, the soldiers surrendered on the condition that they would be protected by French peacekeeping forces.
New Forces officials differed on whether this unrest was caused by an issue with the disarmament payments or whether it was a result of Koné's dismissal; the soldiers involved in the unrest said that they wanted payment of the disarmament money, although Koné's dismissal also appeared to be a factor. An aide to Soro, Alain Lobognon, said on June 29 that Soro had forbidden the use of force in dealing with the unrest. Lobognon also disputed the widespread characterization of the unrest as a mutiny and said that the soldiers were under the protection of UN and French peacekeepers. Koné's replacement as commander of the Seguela region, Issiaka Ouattara, said that he was trying to maintain calm and was not using force, in accordance with Soro's orders. On the same day, one of the rebellious soldiers in Vavoua told Agence France-Presse that they had not surrendered in either town, that their force was several hundred strong and was in control of Vavoua, and that they were holding their commanders hostage.
New Forces spokesman Sidiki Konate said that the problems that caused the unrest would be addressed and that the soldiers would be pardoned. Lobognon subsequently said on June 30 that the government did not have enough money to complete the disarmament and implementation of the peace agreement, complaining that the international community was not sending aid. According to Lobognon, "the peace process is in danger because the prime minister does not have the means to implement his policies", and he described the situation as a "crisis".
About 300 people in Seguela protested on July 2, calling for resolution of the situation and for the mutineers to be quickly disarmed. The New Forces Chief of Staff, General Soumaila Bakayoko, met with the restive fighters, who numbered about 320, at a camp near Seguela later on July 2. Although a spokesman for the soldiers acknowledged the authority of Soro and Bakayoko, some of them shouted demands for Koné to be restored to his command, expressing dissatisfaction with his replacement, Issiaka Ouattara. Bakayoko left the meeting as a result.
August 2008 Bouaké protest.
About 300 members of the New Forces, seeking payment of five million CFA francs each, blocked entrances to Bouaké in August 2008. After two days of this, New Forces zone commander Cherif Ousmane began holding talks with them on August 22.
November 2008 attack in Seguela.
A New Forces camp in Seguela was attacked on November 24, 2008; the attackers were said to have freed prisoners and attempted to take guns and ammunition. According to the New Forces, eight of the attackers were killed, along with one of their own men.

</doc>
<doc id="18590275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590275" title="Omar Pinzón">
Omar Pinzón

Omar Andrés Pinzón García (born June 17, 1989) is a competition swimmer who represented Colombia at the 2004 Olympics in Athens, Greece and 2008 Olympics in Beijing, China. Pinzón attended college in the United States, where he swam for the University of Florida.
At the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Pinzón finished in thirty-fifth place in the men's 200-meter backstroke. Pinzón competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing in the 100 and 200-meter backstroke, the 200 and 400-meter individual medley, and the 200-meter butterfly. His best 2008 Olympic performance was in the 200-meter backstroke, where he placed seventeenth with a time of 1:59.11.
Pinzón was born in Bogotá, Distrito Capital, Colombia. He attended the Bolles School in Jacksonville, Florida, and graduated from Gimnasio Britanico high school in Bogotá in 2005. Pinzón received an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he swam for coach Gregg Troy's Florida Gators swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 2006 to 2010. In his four-year Gator swimming career, Pinzón received twelve All-American honors.
Pinzón won his first gold medal at a Swimming World Cup in Singapore in 2011 in the 200-meter backstroke. Pinzón then won gold medals in Shanghai and Tokyo in the 200-meter backstroke.
Pinzó tested positive for cocaine in November 2012 and was subsequently banned from competing for 2 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18590292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590292" title="Lac de Lovenex">
Lac de Lovenex

Lac de Lovenex is a lake in the municipality of St-Gingolph, Valais, Switzerland. It is located an elevation of 1632 m below Mont Gardy. The lake's surface area is .

</doc>
<doc id="18590319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590319" title="Paola Duguet">
Paola Duguet

Paola Duguet (born October 1, 1987 in New York, United States.) is an Olympic freestyle swimmer from Colombia. She swam for Colombia at the 2004 Olympics, swimming the 400 (29th) and 800 frees (27th).
Paola started swimming at the age of 5 with the Briarcliff Manor Summer Swim Team. By the age of 10 she was ranked #1 in the United States in the 50-yard breaststroke. She consistently ranked among the Top16 fastest swimmers in her age group through the years, winning many Metropolitan Junior Olympics High Point Awards and competing in 8 consecutive Eastern Zone Championships.
With her Badger Swim Club teammates, Kim Kelly, Bridget O'Connor, and Whitney Sprague, they broke one of the longest standing U.S. National Age Group Records in the 15-16 year olds 800-fresstyle relay held by Mission Viejo Swim Club.
In 2003, she participated in her first Colombian National Championships, the first step towards representing that country in the 2004 Summer Olympics. There she won 9 gold medals and established two new Colombian records. In Fecruary 2004 she represented Colombia in the 2004 South American Championships in Maldonado, Uruguay, corroborating her qualifying times for Athens. Paola represented Colombia in many international events, including the World Championships in Montreal, the South American Cchampionships in Chile and in Uruguay, among others. 
Paola graduated from Hackley School in 2005 where she set new school records in the Girls 200-yd and 500-yd freestyle while in the eighth grade. She then continued to attend Harvard from where she graduated in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18590325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590325" title="J. Drew (Kent cricketer)">
J. Drew (Kent cricketer)

J. Drew (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket in 1795 for Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), of which he was a member, and Sir Horatio Mann's XI, the latter an indication of his connection with Kent cricket. He held the rank of captain in the British armed forces.
Drew made 3 known first-class appearances. Playing for MCC against the Thursday Club at Lord's Old Ground on 2 May 1795, he scored 0 and 3. He then played for Sir Horatio Mann's XI at Dandelion Paddock against the Earl of Darnley's XI on 10 September, scoring 2 and 0. On 14 September, again playing for Sir Horatio Mann's team, he faced R Leigh's XI at Dandelion Paddock and scored a pair (i.e., 0 and 0).

</doc>
<doc id="18590334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590334" title="Susan Lowe">
Susan Lowe

Susan Lowe (born Laura Susan Lowe on January 19, 1948 in Reidsville, North Carolina) is an American actress and artist who has appeared primarily in the works of John Waters for most of her career. She was a student at the Maryland Institute College of Art when she became friends with Divine and other Dreamlanders.
Her first role with Waters was playing an asylum inmate in "Mondo Trasho". She continued to play bit parts in many of his films, but played the lead role of Mole McHenry, the ultra-butch bleach blonde lesbian, in "Desperate Living".
Currently, she works as an artist and university professor.
Personal life.
Lowe has been married twice, and has two children. Her first husband was a drawing teacher at the Maryland Art Institute, where Lowe worked as a model. They were married in Ireland and had two children, Ruby and Ramsey. The marriage ended seven years later after her husband left her. She later married Frank Tomboro of Baltimore and that marriage also ended. 
Her son, Ramsey McLean, appeared as the infant Taffy in "Female Trouble". During her scenes in the film, Lowe was visibly pregnant; the birth scene was filmed later a few days after Lowe gave birth.

</doc>
<doc id="18590338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590338" title="Hooker (Kent cricketer)">
Hooker (Kent cricketer)

Hooker (first name and dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket in 1795 for Kent. He was a member of the Rochester Cricket Club and played invitation matches until 1807. He made 3 known appearances in first-class matches.
Hooker is first recorded playing for Kent against All-England at Penenden Heath from 31 August to 2 September 1795. Kent batted first and Hooker's 12 helped them to a total of 95 all out. All-England replied with 130 and Hooker was then dismissed for 1 in Kent's second innings of 99. All-England reached 65 for the loss of five wickets for a victory on the third day. Hooker made a pair (i.e., scores of 0 and 0) in his next game on 7 September, an invitation match between Sir Horatio Mann's XI and R Leigh's XI. Hooker then played for the Earl of Darnley's XI in a convincing victory of 242 runs over Sir Horatio Mann's XI the following day, Hooker scoring 15 not out and 7.
In 1800, Hooker played in two minor matches for Rochester Cricket Club against Marylebone Cricket Club. In 1807, he faced All-England once more by playing for a Kent XXII in an "odds" match at Lord's Old Ground, scoring 6 and 3. Kent and England played a return match at Penenden Heath and Hooker, opening the batting, scored 1 and 22 in Kent's 27 run victory. This was Hooker's last recorded cricket match.

</doc>
<doc id="18590345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590345" title="74th Oregon Legislative Assembly">
74th Oregon Legislative Assembly

The Seventy-fourth Oregon Legislative Assembly was the Oregon Legislative Assembly (OLA)'s period from 2007 to 2008. (The Legislative Assembly is the legislative body of the U.S. state of Oregon, composed of the Oregon State Senate and the Oregon House of Representatives.) There was a regular session in 2007, and a shorter special session in 2008.
The 74th was the first Oregon legislature since 1989 in which both its houses were controlled by the Democratic Party of Oregon, which won a one seat majority in the House in the 2006 elections. (Democrats had previously taken control of the Senate in 2004, and retained it in the 2006 elections.) Democrats took credit for addressing a number of issues, and for adjourning a day before a self-imposed deadline (and before Independence Day, for the first time since 1995). Republican legislators, however, noted that there were no tax reforms to accompany the $15.1 billion (21%) increases in spending over the prior two-year budget. Democratic Governor Ted Kulongoski did not veto any bills during the session, and expressed general approval of the session. In August, after the session's conclusion, he did veto one bill which would have allocated $4.6 million in Portland General Electric ratepayers' fees to pay off a loan on behalf of the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry.
The "Statesman Journal" praised Kulongoski for being more engaged with the legislative process than he had been in the past. The paper also criticized the legislature for failing to take action on two critical issues, instead referring them to popular vote.
Sessions.
Oregon is one of only six states where the legislature meets only once every two years. The Public Commission on the Oregon Legislature, established during the prior legislative session, recommended that the state move to annual sessions after 2009. In preparation for that change, the legislature scheduled a session for 2008. This was technically a special session, but lawmakers referred to it as a supplemental session to the 2007 session.
The 2007 regular session lasted 172 days, and the 2008 session was scheduled for February 4–29, but was adjourned February 22, for a total of 19 days. During the 2007 portion of the session, a total of 2,744 bills were introduced, with 910 passing and becoming Oregon law.
Both chambers took measures to limit the number of bills introduced in the 2008 session; the Senate limited individual members to introducing a single bill, and the House permitted only committee-sponsored bills.
The Oregon Constitution dictates that the legislature must meet only in biennial regular sessions, and that special sessions must be held only in response to a specific emergency. Senator Larry George sought an injunction based on this law. The Marion County Circuit Court judge who considered the case agreed that there were some concerns, but determined that the session was legal.
Bills.
2007 regular session.
The Healthy Oregon Act (Senate Bill 329) was passed. Proposed by the Senate Commission on Health Care Access & Affordability (co-chaired by Alan Bates and Ben Westlund), the act also included amendments promoted by former governor John Kitzhaber and the Archimedes Movement. It is intended to lay a foundation for lower costs, improved quality of health care, and availability of low-cost health insurance for all Oregonians. (Senate Bill 27 of 2007, known as Oregon Better Health Act and promoted by the Archimedes Movement, did not pass.)
Updated ethics rules, which increased the financial disclosure requirements on local officials and commission members, proved controversial; 239 officials around the state resigned their positions the following April, when the rules took effect. Legislators and Governor Kulongoski are exploring ways to reform the ethics rules in the 2009 session.
The state ethics commission was allocated funds to hire an investigator and a trainer, and its budget will no longer be overseen by the legislature.
A new law will eliminate the "worst" junk food from public school vending machines and cafeterias.
The legislature established a rainy-day fund, but did not raise the corporate minimum tax, which the "Statesman Journal" called "absurdly low."
The legislature passed several new protections against identify theft.
The legislature allocated $33.5 million to offices and parking facilities at the Oregon State Capitol.
A modification to the Oregon Bottle Bill, adding water bottles to the list of containers with mandatory deposits, was passed. This was the first modification to the Bottle Bill since it was first passed in 1971. The legislature also formed a task force that will explore further modifications to the bill.
Funding for legislative staffing between sessions was doubled from the $4.2 million previously allocated.
Starting in January 2009, smoking will no longer be permitted in most bars.
Drivers under age 18 may be fined for talking on cell phones.
Three million dollars were allocated to Oregon Public Broadcasting to upgrade equipment serving rural areas.
The "Register-Guard" praised the legislature for increasing funding for higher education.
The "Bend Bulletin" criticized the legislature for failing to pass mandatory audits for local school districts, a measure advocated by the Chalkboard Project, which works for education policy reform.
The legislature referred two bills to popular vote: Measure 49 that amends 2004's Measure 37, which had limited land use regulation, and Measure 50 which would have increased the tobacco tax to provide health insurance for children.
2008 supplemental session.
The supplemental, or special, session of 2008 opened with little fanfare in the Senate, but with charges of partisan gamesmanship in the House. The legislature was criticized for preparing bills in secrecy, without posting draft legislation on its web site. Senate President Peter Courtney expressed satisfaction with the session's work, citing laws benefitting senior citizens, children in foster care, people with disabilities, and patients at the Oregon State Hospital.
During the special session, lawmakers established a tax force to explore ways to reform Oregon's medical liability limits, in response to a December 2007 Oregon Supreme Court ruling. The task force will be headed by Senator Floyd Prozanski and Representative Suzanne Bonamici.
A bill seeking to limit the use of medical marijuana in the workplace met with opposition from Associated Oregon Industries and "The Oregonian's" editorial board, and was not passed.
The legislature passed a law requiring proof of residence in order to obtain an Oregon drivers license, in order to comply with the Federal Real ID law. The legislature was criticized, however, for failing to take on an idea, previously advanced by Governor Kulongoski, to provide for an alternate "driving only" card.
The legislature referred a bill to voters, a toned-down alternative to a Kevin Mannix-backed bill establishing mandatory minimum sentences for property crimes.
Three bills passed by the legislature related to land use, including restoring funding for the Big Look Task Force, and addressing funding in light of the passage of Measure 49.
Senate members.
The Oregon State Senate, which had been controlled by Democrats since 2005, had a Democratic majority ranging between 17 and 19 of its 30 members during the 2007 and 2008 sessions (due to the party changes of two senators).
Senate President: Peter Courtney (D-11 Salem) 
House members.
The Oregon House of Representatives had a Democratic majority of 31-29 during the 2007 and 2008 sessions. (The narrow majority did not allow Democrats to pass any tax increases, due to the state's supermajority requirement.)
Speaker: Jeff Merkley (D-47 Portland)<br />
Speaker Pro Tem: Diane Rosenbaum (D-42 Portland)
Majority Leader: Dave Hunt (D-40 Clackamas County)
Majority Whip: Phil Barnhart (D-11 Linn/Lane)
Republican Minority Leader: Wayne Scott (R-39 Oregon City), then Bruce Hanna
Deputy Republican Leader: Bruce Hanna (R-7 Roseburg)
Republican Whip: Dennis Richardson (R-4 Central Point)
Deputy Republican Whip: Gene Whisnant (R-53 Sunriver)

</doc>
<doc id="18590346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590346" title="Richard Clement Wade">
Richard Clement Wade

Richard Clement Wade (July 14, 1921 – July 18, 2008) was an urban studies professor in the USA who advised many Democratic politicians and candidates, including Adlai Stevenson, Robert F. Kennedy and George McGovern. As a historian, he pioneered the application of social science techniques to the study of urban history and helped make cities an important academic subject. His first book, "The Urban Frontier" (1959), was a challenge to Frederick Jackson Turner's frontier thesis, asserting that the catalysts for western expansion were the western cities like Pittsburgh, Louisville and Cincinnati, not the pioneer farmers.

</doc>
<doc id="18590365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590365" title="Ontario Options">
Ontario Options

Ontario Options was a short-lived political party in Ontario, Canada.
The party was registered on June 10, 1994 by Don Scott, who was its only member at the time. According to a summary article in the "Montreal Gazette", Scott called for Canada to be divided into five separate countries: Ontario, Quebec, an Atlantic provinces federation to be called "Atlantis", a Prairie federation to be called "Alsatoba", and a union of British Columbia, Yukon and the Northwest Territories to be called "Columbia".
Ontario Options does not appear to have fielded any candidates for federal office, although Scott ran under its banner in the 1995 provincial election. As the party was not registered provincially, he appeared on the ballot as an independent. He received 506 votes (1.67%), finishing fourth against Liberal candidate Rick Bartolucci in Sudbury. It is not clear if the party ran any other candidates.
Scott, a former New Democrat, later affiliated with the Canadian Action Party at the federal level. He was still listed as president of the Options Ontario Party in December 2000.
Footnotes.
PLEASE DO NOT TYPE FOOTNOTES HERE OR BELOW. Instead insert the entire footnote in its proper spot in the body of the article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="18590422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590422" title="Germán Martínez (swimmer)">
Germán Martínez (swimmer)

Germán Elberto Martínez Díaz (born June 5, 1979) is a backstroke swimmer from Colombia who competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia for his native country. There he ended up in 50th place in the Men's 100m Backstroke, clocking 59.94 in the preliminary heats.

</doc>
<doc id="18590432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590432" title="Chen Zhizhao">
Chen Zhizhao

Chen Zhizhao (; pinyin: Chén Zhìzhāo; born 14 March 1988), known as Zizao in Brazil, is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Beijing Guoan in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Chen Zhizhao originally began his football career playing for the Shanghai Shenhua youth team, however he was unable to break into their senior team. He would move to Hong Kong football team Citizen AA at the beginning of the 2007-08 league season to start his professional football career where he would make his competitive debut against Lanwa Redbull in the first game of the season in a 0-0 draw. He quickly established himself within the team and would play in 13 league games and see Citizen come second within the league. Throughout the season he would also play in all of Citizen's cup games and would score his first goal against Eastern AA on 24 November 2007 in a Hong Kong Senior Shield game that Citizen lose 3-1. His following goals would come in the Hong Kong FA Cup where he scored against Eastern AA on 10 May 2008 in a semifinal game that saw them win 1-0. This was then followed by a goal in the final of the FA Cup win against Wofoo Tai Po on 18 May 2008 that saw Citizen win 2-0.
Chen moved back to mainland China and signed a five-year contract with Nanchang Hengyuan on 26 February 2009. He scored three goals as Nanchang finished second in the China League One and won promotion to the Chinese Super League for the first time. Chen's first Super League season was fantasy. He scored 10 goals and assisted 8 times in 30 appearances, which secured Nanchang's stay in the top flight for the next season. He was voted by fans as the most valuable player of the club in the 2010 league season.
Chen was linked with Liga de Honra side C.D. Trofense in January 2011. Trofense was interested with Chen, but Nanchang Hengyuan blocked this transfer. According to Chen's contract with Nanchang Hengyuan on 26 February 2009, if a non-Chinese football club provided a bid of around €200,000 for him before 26 February 2011, then Nanchang would accept the transfer without any condition. However, Nanchang Hengyuan insisted that €200,000 was provided by Chen's agency instead of the Portuguese club, besides, in the new contract which signed in early 2010, there were no related contract terms, so they had enough reasons to block this transfer. Chen refused to return Nanchang after this incident. He didn't make any appearance in the 2011 league season and played for Panyu Pearl, a futsal team in his hometown instead.
In February 2012, Chen was loaned to Campeonato Brasileiro Série A side Corinthians until 31 December 2013. He made his debut for Corinthians in a 2-0 defeat against Cruzeiro on 17 October 2012, coming on for Welder at the 80th minute. Chen made his first start for the club on 20 January 2013, assisting the first goal in a 1-1 draw against Paulista. He returned to Shanghai Shenxin after the 2013 season.
On 28 February 2014, Chen transferred to fellow Chinese Super League side Beijing Guoan.
International career.
On 11 March 2013, Chen, despite barely playing for Corinthians, was called up to the Chinese national football team by then manager José Antonio Camacho to be a part of the squad that would face Iraq during 2015 AFC Asian Cup qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="18590433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590433" title="Teeth Lost, Hearts Won">
Teeth Lost, Hearts Won

Teeth Lost, Hearts Won is the second album from Brisbane indie pop trio The Grates.
The album debuted at number six on the ARIA Charts on the 11 August 2008.
Patience Hodgson described the experience of the second album as a "really insular experience" compared to the "just for fun" experience of "Gravity Won't Get You High". "We weren't playing live; we were sitting at home writing an album."
The first single "Burn Bridges" was released on 5 July 2008, "Call of the Wild" was available as an mp3 download from their website as of July 2008. The second single from the album was "Aw Yeah", released 1 November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18590447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590447" title="Tschawinersee">
Tschawinersee

Tschawinersee is a lake in the canton of Valais, Switzerland. Located at an elevation of 2174 m, its surface area is 6.2 ha.

</doc>
<doc id="18590451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590451" title="The Memorandum">
The Memorandum

The Memorandum is a play by Václav Havel. In Paul Wilson's 2012 translation, it is titled The Memo.
Plot.
Josef Gross (Andrew Gross in the Wilson translation), a director of an unnamed organization, receives a memorandum written in Ptydepe, a constructed language, about an audit. He finds out that Ptydepe was created to get rid of similarities between words, such as fox and box, and emotional connexions. He tries to get someone to translate the memorandum for him, and gradually becomes opposed to the use of Ptydepe. Gross finally finds a reluctant secretary named Maria (Alice in the Wilson translation) who explains that, while she can translate the memorandum, she does not yet have a permit to do so.
The next day, his deputy Jan Ballas (Max Balas in the Wilson translation) takes over Gross's job. Gross becomes a "staff watcher", someone who spies on the workers of the unnamed organization. Meanwhile, Maria gets fired for translating Gross's memorandum. The last few Ptydepe learners in the organization give up learning. After a while, Ballas gives his job back to Gross. Ptydepe is replaced with another language, Chorukor, one with very extreme similarities between words so as to make learning it easier, but finally it is decided to get back to the "mother language". The play ends up with most of the characters going to lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="18590469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590469" title="Fernando Jácome">
Fernando Jácome

Fernando José Jácome Clavijo (born January 25, 1980) is a freestyle swimmer from Colombia. He competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia for his native country. There he ended up in 47th place in the Men's 100m Freestyle, clocking 52.24 in the preliminary heats, and in 34th place (1:54.17) in the Men's 200m Freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="18590482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590482" title="Theodore Blake Wirgman">
Theodore Blake Wirgman

Theodore Blake Wirgman (29 April 1848 London - 16 January 1925 London) was an English painter and etcher who moved to London, studied at the Royal Academy schools, became a painter of history and genre subjects, and worked as a portrait artist for The Graphic.
Theodore, Charles Wirgman and Francis Wirgman (1837-1870), were sons of Ferdinand Charles Wirgman (1806-57) and Frances Letitia Brereton. Ferdinand Charles' family of successful silversmiths had come to London from Sweden early in the 18th century. Their sister Clara (1841-1905) married into the French family Thevenard. 
He worked from a studio at 24 Dawson Place, London, and joined The Arts Club in 1892. 
Wirgman was part of a group of avant-garde young artists who emulated Edward Burne-Jones and Simeon Solomon. This group was made up of Walter Crane, Robert Bateman, Harry Ellis Wooldridge and Edward Clifford.

</doc>
<doc id="18590496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590496" title="Alfa Romeo Museum">
Alfa Romeo Museum

Alfa Romeo Historical Museum (Il Museo Storico dell’Alfa Romeo), which opened on December 18, 1976, is located in Arese, Milan, Italy. The museum is located in the now unused Alfa Romeo Arese factory area, which stopped manufacturing of cars in 2003 and engines in 2005, with the museum, left is only Alfa Romeo style centre.
The whole museum is dedicated to over 100 years of Alfa Romeo marque, which has produced various products like: automobiles, commercial vehicles, railway locomotives, tractors, buses, trams, marine and aircraft engines.
The museum spreads over . Its six floors are divided into four theme areas, including a historical review of all Alfa Romeo road cars produced since 1910, prototypes and "dream cars", aircraft and aeronautical projects, and scale models and awards.
The museum has over 250 cars and 150 engines, of which approximately half are on view. These include at least one example of each model produced, plus prototypes and racing cars.
The museum cars are also displayed on different car related happenings, like Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance, Goodwood Festival of Speed and Mille Miglia.
At the beginning of 2009 the museum closed for renovations and opened in the end of 2009 to celebrate Alfa Romeo’s 100th birthday in 2010.
As of February 2011, the museum has been "closed for renovation". Right now, it is unclear if the museum will ever reopen. FIAT (owners of Alfa Romeo) have only confirmed that the museum is closed until further notice.
Scuderia del Portello.
Scuderia del Portello is factory backed Alfa Romeo racing team which campaigns in vintage auto racing. The team was founded in 1982 by Alfa Romeo gentleman drivers and it got mandate to campaign and represents historical Alfa Romeo cars from Museo Storico dell’Alfa Romeo in 1989. The team participates to different exhibitions and vintage racings like Goodwood of Festival of Speed and Carrera Panamerica.

</doc>
<doc id="18590503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590503" title="Binospirone">
Binospirone

Binospirone (MDL-73,005-EF) is a drug which acts as a partial agonist at 5-HT1A somatodendritic autoreceptors but as an antagonist at postsynaptic 5-HT1A receptors. It has anxiolytic effects.

</doc>
<doc id="18590504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590504" title="Bateshwar, Uttar Pradesh">
Bateshwar, Uttar Pradesh

Bateshwar is a village in District Agra,on the banks of the river Yamuna in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh, India. Bateshwar is in between Agra and Etawah situated at a distance of 5 km from Bah. It is an important spiritual and cultural centre for Hindus and Jains. It is known for the 101 Shiv Temple Complex, An annual Religious and Animal Fair is also organised in the village ground area.
The name Bateshwar is derived from the main Bateshwarnath Temple dedicated to Lord Shiva (Bateshwarnath Mahadev). As per the mythology and legends, here under a marvelous Banyan tree (Bat in Sanskrit), lord Shiva took rest for some time under that tree which stile standing at that place, the place known as Bat-Ishwar; the banyan lord.
Since ages Bateshwar remained a renowned religious centre both for Hindu and Jain communities. In the epic Mahabharat Bateshwar is supposed to be referred as Shouripur a city of king Suresaine. It is known for 101 Shiv Temples built by Raja Badan Singh Bhadauria on a dam on the banks of Yamuna. Shaouripur, near Bateshwar, which is the birthplace of the 22nd Tirthankar of Jain faith, Lord Neminath. Each year the region hosts a cattle fair in October and November. The commercial livestock event is also of significance to Hindus, who make pilgrimage to the river Yamuna in honor of Lord Shiva.
Bateshwar has long been celebrated for its annual fair, believed to have been a fixture since time immemorial given the significance of Shoripur/Bateshwar in Hindu mythology. Although the origins of this ancient fair are religious, and of immense importance in the Hindu religious calendar, the fair is also of great commercial value and is renowned as the 2nd largest animal fair in the country (Sonepur in Bihar being the largest).
Bateshwar is the ancestral village of former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
Climate.
Bateshwar features a semiarid climate that borders on a humid subtropical climate. The village features mild winters, hot and dry summers and a monsoon season.

</doc>
<doc id="18590518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590518" title="Alejandro Bermúdez">
Alejandro Bermúdez

Alejandro Bermúdez Tamayo (born March 3, 1975) is a retired backstroke and medley swimmer from Colombia. He competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1992. His best result was 13th place in the Men's 400 metres Individual Medley at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
At the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Bermúdez finished 25th in the 1500-meter freestyle, 26th in the 200-meter backstroke, 27th in the 400-meter individual medley, and 35th in the 400-meter freestyle.
At the 1995 Pan American Games in Mar del Plata, he finished 4th in the 400-meter freestyle, 4th in the 400-meter individual medley, and 8th in the 200-meter freestyle.
At the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Bermúdez finished 13th in the 400-meter individual medley, and 21st in the 400-meter freestyle.
At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Bermúdez finished 28th in the 200-meter backstroke, and 35th in the 400-meter individual medley. 

</doc>
<doc id="18590562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590562" title="Olivetti Envision">
Olivetti Envision

The Olivetti Envision (400/P75) was an Italian multimedia personal computer produced in 1995. It came with a choice of 2 processors: one based on the Intel 486 DX4 100mhz processor and one based on the Intel Pentium P75 processor. It had an infrared keyboard and an internal modem, and it was compatible with audio CDs, CD-ROMs, Photo CDs and Video CDs. It came with preinstalled programs that would allow it work as a fax, an answering machine when connected to the telephone line. It had three possible operating modes: simple mode (limited to the use of an infrared remote control to control the volume and the reproduction of photo, video or audio CDs); intermediate mode (with a simplified Windows shell replacement called "Olipilot" that gave access to a limited set of programs); advanced (the standard Windows 95 graphical user interface).
The declared goal for this device was to convince non-computer-savvy people that computers are not impossibly hard to use and can be bought and used like normal home appliances. For this reason, it was intentionally designed to resemble a videocassette recorder more than a computer and it was equipped with two SCART sockets (to connect it to a TV set), a TV-like remote control and a slot that would host a satellite decoder card.
The Olivetti Envision was discontinued in 1996 due to poor sales, caused by its excessive price, many software bugs and limited expandability.

</doc>
<doc id="18590569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590569" title="Lac de Lona">
Lac de Lona

Lac de Lona is a lake at an elevation of 2640 m above Grimentz, in the canton of Valais, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="18590577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590577" title="Lepidoptera (album)">
Lepidoptera (album)

Lepidoptera is the fourth major studio release by Fursaxa.

</doc>
<doc id="18590578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590578" title="Robin Hunter">
Robin Hunter

Robin Ian Hunter (4 September 1929 – 8 March 2004) was an English actor, who was also a skilled and versatile performer and writer in the field of musicals, music hall and comedy.
Life and career.
The son of actor Ian Hunter, he made film and television appearances from the 1950s to the 1990s, which included "Up Pompeii", the "Carry On"s, "Sherlock Holmes" and "Poirot". Musicals in which he performed included "Damn Yankees", and the scripts he wrote himself for the Aba Daba Music Hall were of a comedic turn - such as "Botome's Dream" (produced in Brighton) in which Shakespeare is put on trial for plagiarism, and "Aladdin & His Microsoft Compatible Floppy Drive Laptop" (performed at the Arches Theatre, Southwark). For many years he and his life partner Aline Waites - herself an actress, playwright and critic - collaborated on scripts for plays, revues and musical theatre of all kinds. Their "Illustrated Victorian Songbook" was published by Michael Joseph in 1984. Appearances in West End theatre included male lead in "Barefoot in the Park", and juvenile lead in "The Pleasure of his Company". He was first married to the actress Maria Charles they had 2 children and divorced in 1966. He married again, to actress Amanda Barrie in 1967. They separated in the 1980s, but never divorced.
Hunter died, aged 74, in Hampstead, London.

</doc>
<doc id="18590596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590596" title="List of Oldham Athletic A.F.C. records and statistics">
List of Oldham Athletic A.F.C. records and statistics

This article is a list of statistics and records relating to Oldham Athletic Football Club. Oldham Athletic are an English football club based on Oldham. The club was founded in 1895 as Pine Villa Football Club before renaming in 1899. The club joined the Football League in 1907 though did not win a league title until 1952. Oldham Athletic currently play in Football League One, the third tier of English football. The club plays their home games at Boundary Park, having moved from Sheepfoot Lane in 1905.
This list encompasses all honours won by Oldham Athletic and any club records, by their managers and players.
"All statistics are correct as of the end of Oldham Athletic's 2010–11 season."

</doc>
<doc id="18590609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590609" title="The Wife Takes a Flyer">
The Wife Takes a Flyer

The Wife Takes a Flyer (UK title: "A Yank in Dutch") is a 1942 romantic comedy film made by Columbia Pictures, directed by Richard Wallace, and starring by Joan Bennett and Franchot Tone. The screenplay was written by Jay Dratler, Gina Kaus and Harry Segall. The music score is by Werner R. Heymann.

</doc>
<doc id="18590628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590628" title="Isabel Ceballos">
Isabel Ceballos

Isabel Cristina Ceballos Rojas (born February 3, 1979) is a female, Olympic breaststroke swimmer from Colombia. She swam for Colombia at the 1996 and 2000 Olympics. 
At the 2000 Olympics, she set the Colombian Records in the 100 and 200 Breaststrokes (1:11.90 and 2:34.09).
She swam for Colombia at the:

</doc>
<doc id="18590655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590655" title="Burn Bridges">
Burn Bridges

"Burn Bridges" is the first single of The Grates' second album "Teeth Lost, Hearts Won". "Burn Bridges" was released on June 5, 2008. The two b-sides for this single are "Worldwind" and "Flavour of Last Month".

</doc>
<doc id="18590673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590673" title="Alone in the Dark Wood">
Alone in the Dark Wood

Alone in the Dark Wood is the sixth major studio release by Fursaxa.

</doc>
<doc id="18590683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590683" title="Kyushu Railway">
Kyushu Railway

History.
The company was incorporated on August 15, 1888 in Fukuoka, Fukuoka.
The first of the railway, between Hakata Station in Fukuoka and Chitosegawa temporary station in Asahi, Saga (near Kurume, Fukuoka), opened on December 11, 1889 as the first railway in Kyushu.
The company expanded the railway by means of both construction and acquisition of other companies. As of 1907, it operated of railways in Fukuoka, Kumamoto, Nagasaki, Ōita and Saga prefectures in northern Kyushu.
On July 1, 1907, the entire operation of the company was purchased by the government of Japan under the Railway Nationalization Act. Consequently the company was dissolved.
Rolling stock.
A special coach made by German car manufacturer van der Zypen & Charlier was imported by Kyushu Railway for VIP use in 1891. The coach was improved and designated as the imperial coach in 1902 for use by Emperor Meiji when he visited an army drill in Kumamoto Prefecture. After the nationalization, the coach was called the imperial coach No. 2 but was not used again by the emperor. It was designated a in 1963 and is now exhibited at the Railway Museum in Saitama.
Kyushu Railway History Museum.
The Kyushu Railway History Museum was established near Mojikō Station in Kitakyūshū in 2003. The red-brick main building of the museum is the former headquarters of Kyushu Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="18590687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590687" title="My Fruit Psychobells...A Seed Combustible">
My Fruit Psychobells...A Seed Combustible

My Fruit Psychobells...A Seed Combustible is maudlin of the Well's first album, released in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18590701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590701" title="Mellrichstadt–Fladungen railway">
Mellrichstadt–Fladungen railway

The Mellrichstadt–Fladungen railway, also called the Streu Valley Line (Streutalbahn), is a Bavarian branch line that connects Mellrichstadt in Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") with the town of Fladungen, which nestles in the Rhön mountains.
History.
Public transport arrived in the Streu Valley in 1838, but only a few of the local inhabitants could afford the luxury of travelling by post coach. Ostheim, an enclave of the Grand Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach pressed for a railway link as early as 1853. But it was only in 1866 that Bavaria decided to extend the railway network into to remote and poorly served Rhön mountains in the north of the state. In 1871 the line from Schweinfurt to Bad Kissingen was opened, but it was another 18 years before the Lokalbahn AG was initially tasked with building a line from Mellrichstadt to Ostheim, only for it to be cancelled. Finally, in 1897, work began, and the line was completed on 20 December 1898.
The early years were dominated by goods transportation for agriculture, forestry and emerging local industries. Increasing tourist traffic also generated business for the line and surrounding hostelries. Until 1911, management of the line was based at Fladungen; from that time it transferred to Mellrichstadt.
South of Ostheim the sawmill Nix & Zinn still had to load its products at the line; later an industrial siding was built. From the factory site to the loading ramp a narrow-gauge industrial line handled the movement of goods, mainly railway sleepers. During the First World War, services had to be cut to two pairs of trains daily and the shortage of coal meant that operations even had to be ceased for a while at the end of the war, restarting in January 1920. In 1927 the route was raised 7 metres higher by Stockheim station in order to cross the state road. 
Soon after the opening of a basalt works in Fladungen, the capacity of the terminus there proved inadequate and significant expansion was needed. The station tracks were extended to the north via an embankment. A ramp was erected on the station approach where building material for the new "High Rhön Road" ("Hochrhönstrasse") was transshipped. 
Passenger services were withdrawn in 1976 and the last goods train ran in 1987 when the Streu Valley line was finally closed by the Deutsche Bundesbahn.
Museum Railway.
In 1996 the branch was opened again as far as Ostheim as a museum railway operating the so-called "Little Rhön Train" ("Rhön-Zügle"). In 2000, the entire route to Fladungen was opened again. The museum's jewel in the crown is its restored Bavarian GtL 4/4 steam engine, number 98 886, which is on loan from the town of Schweinfurt. The museum railway is part of the Franconian Open Air Museum ("Fränkisches Freilandmuseum") and the railway is operated by the "Lower Main Railway Friends" ("Eisenbahnfreunden Untermain").

</doc>
<doc id="18590710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590710" title="2008–09 Dinamo Riga season">
2008–09 Dinamo Riga season

The 2008–09 Dinamo Riga season was the first season of the franchise in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). This was also inaugural season for the league. Dinamo Riga played most of their home games in Arena Riga, however some matches were held in other locations. Dinamo Riga were playing in Kharlamov division along with Avangard Omsk, Lokomotiv Yaroslavl, HC Lada Togliatti, HC Sibir Novosibirsk and Amur Khabarovsk.
Pre-season.
As it is the first season for the franchise, Dinamo Riga had to gather their roster from nothing. Most of the team players are members of Latvia national team. First players for the team were announced on April 25. First foreign player to join the team was Czech Filip Novák on June 26. The team roster was completed, when the last two leggionares Duvie Westcott and Mark Hartigan joined the team on July 22.
Dinamo Riga started their pre-season training camp on July 15. The camp continued till July 28 and took place in Liptovský Mikuláš, Slovakia. The first game in franchise history was held on July 25, when Dinamo Riga defeated MHk 32 Liptovský Mikuláš in a shootout after a 1-1 in regular time.
On August 2 Dinamo played their first home game, when they won against Amur Khabarovsk in Riga. Then at the "Inbox.lv hall" in Riga, Dinamo won the "Inbox.lv" tournament, in which they defeated Dinamo Minsk and Barys Astana. In August the team also participated in the Tampere Cup (Tampere) and the Governor's Cup (Mytishchi).
Regular season.
Dinamo Riga will play 56 games in regular season. The season will begin on September 2, 2008, it is coming to close on February 26, 2008.
Division standings.
"as before 25 October 2008"
League standings.
"as before 25 October 2008"
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; Min = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; OTW = Overtime/Shootout Wins; OTL = Overtime/Shootout Losses; GA = Goals Against; SO = Shutouts; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"

</doc>
<doc id="18590733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590733" title="The Choice">
The Choice

The Choice may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18590747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590747" title="Timothy Murphy (poet)">
Timothy Murphy (poet)

Timothy Murphy (born 1951, Hibbing, Minnesota) is an American poet, farmer, and businessman. He has published two collections of poetry that have been widely reviewed. His work has been compared to that of Robert Frost, Emily Dickinson and Richard Wilbur, and Wilbur himself has described Murphy as "a mature and greatly accomplished poet." Writing of Murphy's second collection, "Very Far North", critic Stephen Burt notes, "When Murphy sounds bad, he sounds "obviously" bad, like bad late Frost—but his good poems are poems Frost, or Jonson, might have admired." 
Murphy studied at Yale University under Robert Penn Warren, graduating (B.A.) as Scholar of the House in Poetry in 1972. However, Warren advised Murphy against an academic career, urging him instead to return to the "rich soil" of his rural roots. Murphy returned to Minnesota, and subsequently became involved in several farming and manufacturing enterprises in North Dakota, experiences which are reflected in his later writing.
Murphy published his first collection of poetry, "The Deed Of Gift", in 1998; the collection represents all of Murphy's work as a poet through about 1996. In a contemporary review of the volume, Gerry Cambridge summarized Murphy's accomplishment: "There are outstanding poems here, including ‘Harvest of Sorrows’, ‘Sunset at the Getty’, and ‘The Quarrel’, as well as a great number of very likeable, individual, and tautly-made pieces. It would be hard to confuse Murphy with any other contemporary poet. No one else writing poetry in English sounds quite like him." As poet Dick Davis has noted, this distinctive style owes much to Murphy's use of traditional meter and rhyme, unusual among poets today: "His poems are wholly his own, and yet the voice in them lives in and through his mastery of traditional metre, which is so thorough as to seem indivisible from the poems’ sensibility and meaning." This focus on rhyme and meter is exemplified in the following excerpt from "Harvest of Sorrows":
Murphy's second collection, "Very Far North", was published in 2002. Murphy has also published "Set the Ploughshare Deep: A Prairie Memoir" (2000), and a translation of "Beowulf" (2004) with his partner Alan Sullivan.
The Lewis and Clark Foundation's Dakota Institute Press will be publishing a double volume of Murphy's poems, "Mortal Stakes and Faint Thunder", in the spring of 2011. In autumn they will publish "Hunter's Log", a collection of Murphy's hunting poems illustrated by Eldridge Hardie.

</doc>
<doc id="18590764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590764" title="Advanced Bank of Asia">
Advanced Bank of Asia

Advanced Bank Of Asia Ltd. "(ABA)" is a commercial bank of the Kingdom Of Cambodia. It was founded in 1996 by bankers from Cambodia and Korea; its primary offices are located in Phnom Penh. The bank has several branches in Phnom Penh, and branches in Siem Reap and Battambang.

</doc>
<doc id="18590767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590767" title="Amulet (Fursaxa album)">
Amulet (Fursaxa album)

Amulet is the fifth major studio release by Fursaxa.

</doc>
<doc id="18590790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590790" title="Dubnow Park">
Dubnow Park

Dubnow Park is a public park located in the center of Tel Aviv, Israel, lying at the back of the Tel Aviv Performing Arts Center. The park is named for Simon Dubnow, a Jewish Belarusian historian, writer and activist, with Dubnow Street running at its western end.
It is a very popular relaxing place with young families, students and dog owners.

</doc>
<doc id="18590794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590794" title="Tsoro Yematatu">
Tsoro Yematatu

Tsoro Yematatu is a two-player abstract strategy game from Zimbabwe. Players first drop their three pieces onto the board, and then move them to create a 3 in-a-row which wins the game. It is similar to games like Tapatan, Achi, Nine Holes, Shisima, and Tant Fant. However, what makes this game unique is that pieces can jump over each other (without capture) which adds an extra dimension in the maneuverability of the pieces.
Goal.
To be first to create a 3 in-a-row with one's pieces
Equipment.
The board is a triangle with one line across its breadth, and another line running down the length of the board down its central axis. This creates for seven intersection points of which the pieces can be played upon. 
Each player has 3 pieces. One plays the black pieces, and the other player the white pieces. 
Game Play and Rules.
1. The board is empty in the beginning. Players decide what color pieces to play, and who starts first. 
2. Each player drops one piece per turn on any vacant point on the board. Players alternate their turns. Pieces cannot be moved until all six pieces have been dropped. Observe that after all pieces have been dropped, there is only one vacant point on the board.
3. A piece can be moved one of two ways: a) A piece can move one space per turn onto a vacant point following the pattern on the board, or b) a piece can jump over another piece (friend or foe) adjacent to it, and land on a vacant point on the other side; the jump must be in a straight line and follow the pattern on the board. There are no captures in this game.
4. The game can last a very long time, and if no one is still able to create the 3 in-a-row, the players can agree to a draw.
Related Games.
Tapatan, Achi, Nine Holes, Tant Fant, Shisima, Tic-tac-toe

</doc>
<doc id="18590822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590822" title="Aldo De Benedetti">
Aldo De Benedetti

Aldo De Benedetti (13 August 1892 – 19 January 1970) was an Italian screenwriter. He wrote for 118 films between 1920 and 1982.
He was born and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18590835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590835" title="Ridge Farm Studio">
Ridge Farm Studio

Ridge Farm Studio was one of the very first residential recording studios in the United Kingdom. The studio operated for over twenty five years, and had artists, musicians, and producers from all over the world record and produce their music there.
The studio was located in the village of Rusper, England near the Surrey and Sussex border. The oldest part of the building, originally a mediaeval farmhouse, and what was to become Ridge Farm Studio was built in the mid-17th century and additions to the building were added over the centuries. The studio was surrounded by of land that included gardens, orchards, meadows and woodland.
With a client list that ranged from Bad Company, Queen, Peter Gabriel, Ozzy Osbourne, Pearl Jam, Oasis, The Three Tenors and more, Ridge Farm Studio closed in early 2003. It is now used as a facility for weddings, banquets and meetings.
References.
http://www.philsbook.com/ridge-farm.html

</doc>
<doc id="18590836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590836" title="Bezirksoberliga">
Bezirksoberliga

The Fußball-Bezirksoberliga () was the seventh tier of the German football league system in the state of Bavaria from 1988 to 2012. The Bezirksoberligas have also existed in other states of Germany, like Hesse and Lower Saxony. In Hesse, they were renamed to Gruppenligas, in Lower Saxony to Landesligas. At the end of the 2011–12 season, Bavaria abolished its Bezirksoberligas, too, leaving Germany without such a league in senior men's football unless another federation would opt to rename or introduce a league.
Overiew.
In Niedersachsen.
With the introduction of the "3rd Liga" and the disbanding of the "Oberliga Nord" in 2008, the two "Verbandsligas" in Niedersachsen became the highest amateur leagues for the state. Accordingly, the two leagues were renamed to "Oberliga", their new names being:
Below the two former "Verbandsligas", the four existing "Bezirksoberligas" now became the sixth tier of the league system. On 17 May 2010, the Lower Saxony football association decided to rename the four "Bezirksoberligas" to "Landesligas" from the 1 July 2010. This change in name came alongside the merger of the two "Oberliga" divisions above it into the "Niedersachsenliga".
In Bavaria.
In the state of Bavaria, seven "Bezirksoberligas" were introduced in 1988, each covering one of the seven "Regierungsbezirke":
These seven leagues formed the seventh tier of the German league system in Bavaria, below the three Bavarian "Landesligas". The leagues were abolished at the end of the 2011–12 season.
In Hesse.
In the state of Hesse, the previously existing "Bezirksoberligas" have been renamed to "Gruppenligas" at the end of the 2007–08 season.
In Schleswig-Holstein.
In the state of Schleswig-Holstein, the "Landesligas" were renamed to "Bezirksoberligas" in 1999. In 2008, the "Bezirksoberligas" were then renamed to "Verbandsligas". Currently, there are no "Bezirksoberligas" in the state any more.

</doc>
<doc id="18590861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590861" title="Chimnaji Damodar">
Chimnaji Damodar

Chimnaji Damodar Moghe, popularly known as Chimnaji Damodar, was among the first "Sardars" to cross the boundary of Maharashtra to engage Mughal forces located in the central and northern regions of South Asia in 1698. He also served as "Rajadnya" in the court of Emperor "Chhatrapati" Shahu and as "Peshwa" (Prime Minister) to the court of "Chhatrapati" Sambhaji II of Kolhapur.
Early life and career.
Chimnaji Damodar was born in a Karhade Brahmin family. The year of his birth is not known, however, it must have been around 1675.
He was the "Sardar" of Parola located in the Khandesh region of Maharashtra. During the regime of "Chhatrapati" Rajaram, Ramchandra Pant Amatya encouraged the independent Maratha warriors to invade Mughal areas with intention to distract Mughal army concentrated in Maharashtra under the leadership of Aurangzeb. Chimnaji Damodar, along with Nemaji Shinde, happened to be the first to successfully respond to this strategy by crossing the boundary of Maharashtra and entering into Malwa. His troops attacked Mughal subjects in Central and Northern parts of India and looted enormous money and treasure.
Later life.
In 1707, when Shahu was released by Mughals, Chimnaji Damodar left Tarabai and joined Shahu. 
He contributed a lot in Shahu’s victory against Tarabai at Khed as a result of which Shahu appointed him as "Mutalik" (Deputy Prime Minister). Subsequently, he was appointed to the prestigious post of "Rajadnya"(Deputy to the Crown). In 1718-1719, he accompanied "Peshwa" Balaji Vishwanath in his expedition to Delhi. In 1720, after Balaji Vishwanath’s death, Bajirao became the new "Peshwa" over objections raised by Damodar that Bajirao lacked the experience required for such a responsible post. As a result, he withdrew himself from Emporer Shahu’s court. 
In 1727, "Chhatrapati" Sambhaji II appointed him as "Peshwa" of Kolhapur state. In 1731, he joined hands with Dabhade and fought with Bajirao at Dabhai but lost. However, since then his relations with Bajirao went on improving till the end of his life. He had one son named Balwantrao Damodar.

</doc>
<doc id="18590866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590866" title="Paola Barbara">
Paola Barbara

Paola Barbara (22 July 1912 – 2 October 1989) was an Italian film actress. She appeared in 62 films between 1935 and 1978. She was sometimes credited as Pauline Baards.
Born in Rome as Paola Proto, after her film debut in a small role in "Campo di Maggio" (1935), in 1936 she produced and had the leading role in "Amazzoni bianche" by Gennaro Righelli; the film had a huge commercial success and launched her career. Barbara was one of the most requested and popular divas in the 1930s Italian cinema industry; in 1941 she met the director Primo Zeglio who later became her husband. In 1943, with the worsening of the war, Barbara moved in Spain where she starred on several films. After the war she moved back in Italy where she failed to recover her popularity, even keeping on appearing in dozens of films, sometimes directed by her husband, usually in supporting roles.

</doc>
<doc id="18590871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590871" title="Japanese Association of Supporting Streetchildren">
Japanese Association of Supporting Streetchildren

The Japanese Association of Supporting Streetchildren (JASS) is a non-governmental organisation based in Huế, Vietnam. It was formed by a Japanese teacher, Michio Koyama, in 1994 with the aim of helping street children get an education and a better standard of living.
History.
Mr Michio Koyama visited Vietnam in 1992 where he first encountered the street children who were (and still are) rife on the streets of Ho Chi Minh City and other places across the country. One year later he left Tokyo and moved to Huế, taking on a job at the university teaching English. Using the money he earned, he had a house built which was used to shelter children who needed somewhere to stay. The house opened for use in 1994, and as of 2004 over 300 children had passed through. They received shelter, food, schooling and guidance.
The aim is to make any children who join the project self-sufficient by the time they are 18 years of age. If any chose to continue into further education / university then exceptions can be made to help them with funding.
JASS predominantly helps children in the Huế Province.
Mr Koyama was the first Japanese person to be made a citizen of Huế.
Fundraising.
Most funds come from Japanese sources. Private individual donations and corporate sponsorship make up the bulk of these with government grants also helping.
A restaurant, called simply Japanese Restaurant, is located at 34 Ð Tran Cao Van. Staff are partially made up of trainees and "graduates" from JASS. Proceeds from the restaurants go to the charity, a little like the KOTO restaurant in Hanoi, or the Blue Dragon restaurant in Hội An.
References.
Lonely Planet "Vietnam" 9th ed. (Aug 2007), page 220

</doc>
<doc id="18590880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590880" title="8th/12th Regiment, Royal Australian Artillery">
8th/12th Regiment, Royal Australian Artillery

The 8th/12th Regiment, Royal Australian Artillery, was formed at the Holsworthy Barracks on 16 November 1973 through amalgamation of the 8th Medium Regiment (RAA) and the 12th Field Regiment (RAA). The Regiment provides field artillery support to the 1st Brigade based in Darwin. It is currently equipped with 155mm M777 Howitzers.
The 8th Medium Regiment, known in the 1950s as the 19th Composite Regiment, was created in February 1968 to provide united administrative command of several independent artillery units in the Holsworthy Barracks area with a primary role to provide support to the School of Artillery. The 12th Field Regiment had been reformed at Holsworthy in April 1966, and its elements served in Vietnam in 1968 and 1971. Before relocating to Darwin, the regiment was stationed in Townsville (Queensland) and Ingleburn (New South Wales).
The three of the regiments current Gun batteries reflect their formation in Egypt as part of the First Australian Imperial Force 21st Field Artillery (Howitzer) Brigade which used howitzers. The 101 and 103 batteries, including the 102 Battery, served in France, also as part of the 1st Division.
History.
101st Battery.
The 101st Medium Battery was originally formed at Tel-el-Kebir on 8 March 1916 as the 101st Howitzer Battery, from the members of the 1st Field Artillery Brigade, which served at Gallipoli. Although disbanded after the war, from the early 1920s the 101 Battery was reformed again as a militia unit in the Newcastle area, but was again disbanded in 1946. Established again as the 101st Field Battery at the Holsworthy Barracks in 1957 as part of the 1st Field Regiment (RAAC), it served in Malaya (1959/61), and was deployed twice in South Vietnam during 1966–67 and 1969–70, relocating to Wacol in 1970 before moving again to Enoggera in 1982 to rejoin the 1st Field Regiment.
102nd Coral Battery.
Formed in 1957 at Holsworthy Barracks, Sydney as the 102nd Field Battery as part of the 1st Field Regiment.
The battery served during the Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation between May and August 1965 and while in Malaysia the battery provided fire support during the Kesang River incursion by Indonesian forces. While serving in North Borneo, equipped with L5 Pack Howitzer, the battery provided defensive support to the 3rd Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment, Ghurkha, and British Regiments undertaking operations and also fire support for secret Claret operations in Indonesian territory.
On 18 April 1966, the battery was transferred to the 12th Field Regiment with the 104th Field Battery. Arriving in Vietnam as part of Australia's commitment to the Vietnam War in March 1968, replacing the 106th Field Battery and was equipped with the 105mm M2A2 Howitzer. On the night of 12 May 1968, while at Fire Support Base Coral, a M2A2 howitzer was captured by North Vietnamese troops who temporarily overran part of the base, however the gun was recaptured shortly afterwards. The 102nd Field Battery was replaced in February 1969, and returned to Australia. During its tour of duty the battery had been positioned at 30 different Fire Support Bases, fired 60,000 rounds and received the following decorations: 1 MM, 2 MID, 1 MBE and 1 BEM.
The battery became part of the 8th/12th Medium Regiment in November 1973 and in 1983 after being re-equipped with the M198 155mm howitzer was redesignated 102nd Medium Battery before being disbanded in 1987.
On 1 January 2011 the battery was re-raised as 102nd Coral Battery. It is currently based in Adelaide as part of 8th/12th Regiment.
103rd Battery.
The immediate predecessor of the first Australian Battery to be numbered "103", the 103rd (Howitzer) Battery AIF (3rd (Army) Field Brigade) was the 26th Indian (Jacob's) Mountain Battery which was present at ANZAC cove during the Battle of Gallipoli. On 6 March 1916 the Battery was created as part of the Australian Army contingent before departing for France as part of 12 Howitzer Brigade. The 103rd Field Battery (Howitzer) was reformed after the First World War as part of the Citizen Military Forces from 1920 to 1941 stationed at Victoria Barracks, Paddington, moving to Guilford, Western Australia in 1921.
Before the Second World War the Battery was absorbed into the Field Batteries of the 3rd Field Regiment, and did not see service as a unit. The battery was reformed as the 103rd Anti-Aircraft Battery from 1954 to 1957 stationed at Middle Head Barracks, Sydney, as part of 1 Field Regiment. During the 1960 to 1967 it changed designation again to the 103rd Field Battery, as part of the new Regular 4 Field Regiment stationed at Wacol, Brisbane. During the deployment of Australian Army to Malaysia the Battery was a part of the Far Eastern Strategic Reserve stationed at Camp Terendak, Malacca, returning to Australia to become a part of the 1st Field Regiment at Kokoda Barracks, Holsworthy. It was again deployed, this time to South Vietnam with the new light 105 mm L5 howitzers in May 1966 at the Nui Dat Task Force base from which it contributed significantly to the outcome of the Battle of Long Tan. In all during its first tour in Vietnam the Battery fired a total of 28,468 rounds in support of allied troops. On 19 June 1967 it become Independent 103 Medium Battery stationed at Gallipoli Barracks, Holsworthy, supporting the School of Artillery, providing gun salutes, and conducting some limited trials. However, this non-combat role ended on 16 April 1968 when the battery joined the 19th Composite Regiment (RAAC), located at Kokoda Barracks. On 4 August 1969 the 19th Composite Regiment was renamed 8 Medium Regiment.
During the Vietnam War the 104 Field Battery also served with the 12 Field Regiment. The 161 Field Battery RNZA was also attached to the Regiment.
Post Vietnam.
The Regiment was a creation of the reorganisation of the Australian Army as a result of the Vietnam War experience. During the mid-1970s the 8/12 Medium Regiment included 
The 103 Battery served in two roles at this time as a depot support of the Regiment for the School of Artillery, while the 8/12 Regiment was also responsible for direct support to the 1st Task Force. Consequently it was issued with both the six M2A2 105 mm guns and the six guns.
As part of the 1980s restructuring the 131 Divisional Locating Battery became an independent battery for divisional assignment at Enoggera Army Camp in Brisbane. The 102 Field Battery was redesignated 102 Medium Battery and disbanded in 1987. As a result of this downsizing, the Headquarters Battery was reduced in size in 1994.
During 1996 the 101st Field Battery was removed from the 1st Field Regiment and embedded as a Fire Support Company into the 6 RAR which adopted the A 21 Motorised Battalion structure that included supporting arms under the Restructuring of the Army (RTA) initiatives trial.
After the deployment to East Timor, the "A" Field Battery was assigned to the 4th Field Regiment, Royal Australian Artillery in 1999, further reducing the Regiment in size. During 1999 the 8/12 Medium Regiment was relocated to the Robertson Barracks in Darwin where the 103 Medium Battery, while preparing for the move from Sydney to Darwin deployed its elements to East Timor as part of INTERFET, and later as a part of a UN Peace Keeping Force OP TANAGER, and was later joined by the newly recreated 101 Medium Battery.
In January 2011 the Australian Regular Army field regiments were reorganised in preparation for re-equipment with new guns and battle management systems to each contain three observation post batteries, supported by a single gun battery equipped with 12 guns. As part of this reorganisation the regiments were renamed, with the words "field" or "medium" removed from their title. Under the new structure each regiment is capable of providing a brigade-level Joint Fires and Effects Coordination Centre (JFECC) and every observation post batter provieds a battle group JFECC as well as three combat team joint fires teams (JFT). Every gun battery now comprises three troops of 155 mm towed howitzers.
Under the Land 17 project in 2012 8th/12th Regiment will receive the Advanced Field Artillery Tactical Data System (AFATDS), which is a fully automated digital battle-management system. It will also take delivery of the Digital Terminal Control System for observation post batteries. The regiment is currently based at Ypres Lines, Robertson Barracks, Palmerston. with 102 battery detached, based at Royal Australian Air Force base Edinburgh
As at Jan 2012, 8/12 Regt is equipped with AFATDS and the M777 LWH.

</doc>
<doc id="18590900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590900" title="Barnes &amp; Thornburg">
Barnes &amp; Thornburg

Barnes & Thornburg LLP is a large U.S. law firm and lobbying group with 12 offices located in the United States. It is currently the largest law firm in the state of Indiana, and 97th largest in the United States. Their largest office is at the Barnes and Thornburg Building in Indianapolis, Indiana.
History.
The firm was founded in 1982 as a merger of two Indiana-based firms: the Indianapolis-based Barnes, Hickam, Pantzer & Boyd (founded in 1940) and the South Bend-based Thornburg, McGill, Deahl, Harman, Carey & Murray (founded in 1926). Since the merger, the firm has expanded by acquiring a number of smaller firms and opening offices in cities such as Chicago, Grand Rapids, Mich; Columbus, Ohio; Minneapolis; Atlanta and Los Angeles, amongst others. In 2007, the "National Law Journal" ranked Barnes & Thornburg as the 97th largest law firm in the United States. In 2012, the "American Lawyer" released its AmLaw 100 rankings, and Barnes & Thornburg was listed at No. 99.
Practice areas.
In addition to its lobbying work, Barnes & Thornburg has practice areas in healthcare law, environmental law, and construction law, and some niche specialties such as aviation law. By expanding through mergers, they have acquired practice groups from other firms in the fields of labor and employment, intellectual property, and estate planning.

</doc>
<doc id="18590901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590901" title="Dominici (disambiguation)">
Dominici (disambiguation)

Dominici is the band fronted by Charlie Dominici.
Dominici may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18590909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590909" title="Yvonne Arceneaux">
Yvonne Arceneaux

Yvonne Arceneaux (born March 1, 1947) is the senior member of the city council of Compton, California. She also serves on the board of the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California.
Personal information.
On a half-acre lot, she and her husband resided in Richland Farms since 1993. There they raise animals such as ducks, donkeys, and chickens.
Politics.
Arceneaux was elected to the Compton City Council in 1993. Representing the Third District, she's serving her fifth term. If she completes her term, she will surpass Jane D. Robbins as the City Council's longest-serving member. One of her chief accomplishments on the council was her support of a ban on alcohol and tobacco billboards in Compton, the first city to do so in the state of California. Since Arceneaux had dealt with livestock, she is a strong advocate of livestock and the continued struggle to protect it. She has certainly been a witness to several issues that deal with livestock. Issues such as:
On Tuesday, April 21, 2009, Arceneaux was seated on the board of the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California.

</doc>
<doc id="18590936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590936" title="Down By The Hipster">
Down By The Hipster

Down By The Hipster is a New York City nightlife blog. Down By The Hipster is regularly cited by other New York City blogs such as Eater.com and "New York" magazine's food and restaurant blog Grub Street, as well as print publications such as the "New York Post" and "Blackbook" magazine.
Down By The Hipster has been credited with breaking news stories such as Heath Ledger's involvement in opening the bar and cafe Five Leaves in Brooklyn, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18590937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590937" title="1972 Soviet Top League">
1972 Soviet Top League

Statistics of Soviet Top League in season 1972.
Overview.
Sixteen (16) teams competed for the championships, and Zarya Voroshilovgrad won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18590939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590939" title="1973 Soviet Top League">
1973 Soviet Top League

Statistics of Soviet Top League in season 1973.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Ararat Yerevan won the championship.
League standings.
drawn matches decided by penalties, the winners obtaining 1 point, the losers 0.

</doc>
<doc id="18590943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590943" title="1974 Soviet Top League">
1974 Soviet Top League

Statistics of Soviet Top League in season 1974.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Dynamo Kyiv won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18590946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590946" title="1976 Soviet Top League">
1976 Soviet Top League

Statistics of Soviet Top League in season 1976.
Spring.
Overview.
It was contested by 16 teams, and Dynamo Moscow won the championship.
Autumn.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Torpedo Moscow won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18590948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590948" title="1977 Soviet Top League">
1977 Soviet Top League

Statistics of Soviet Top League in season 1977.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Dynamo Kyiv won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18590949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590949" title="1978 Soviet Top League">
1978 Soviet Top League

Statistics of Soviet Top League in season 1978.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Dinamo Tbilisi won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18590950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590950" title="Giuditta Rissone">
Giuditta Rissone

Giuditta Rissone (10 March 1895 – 22 June 1977) was an Italian film actress. She appeared in 25 films between 1933 and 1966.
She was born in Genoa, Italy and died in Rome, Italy. She was married to director and actor Vittorio De Sica. Her brother Checco Rissone was also an actor.

</doc>
<doc id="18590953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590953" title="1979 Soviet Top League">
1979 Soviet Top League

Statistics of Soviet Top League in season 1979.
Overview.
1979 Top League was composed of 18 teams, the championship was won by Spartak Moscow.
On 11 August 1979, a mid-air collision killed virtually the entire FC Pakhtakor Tashkent team. The Top League ordered all the other teams to make three players available for a draft to restock the team, and Pakhtakor was given exemption from relegation for the next three years.

</doc>
<doc id="18590956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590956" title="1980 Soviet Top League">
1980 Soviet Top League

Statistics of Soviet Top League in season 1980.
Overview.
It was performed in 18 teams, and Dynamo Kyiv won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18590960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590960" title="1981 Soviet Top League">
1981 Soviet Top League

Statistics of Soviet Top League in season 1981.
Overview.
It was performed in 18 teams, and Dynamo Kyiv won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18590962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590962" title="1982 Soviet Top League">
1982 Soviet Top League

Statistics of Soviet Top League in season 1982.
Overview.
It was performed in 18 teams, and Dinamo Minsk won the championship.
Medal squads.
"(league appearances and goals listed in brackets)"

</doc>
<doc id="18590964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590964" title="1983 Soviet Top League">
1983 Soviet Top League

Statistics of Soviet Top League in season 1983.
Overview.
18 teams participated, and Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk won the championship.
Medal squads.
"(league appearances and goals listed in brackets)"

</doc>
<doc id="18590966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590966" title="1984 Soviet Top League">
1984 Soviet Top League

Statistics of Soviet Top League in season 1984.
Overview.
18 teams participated, and Zenit Leningrad won the championship.
Medal squads.
"(league appearances and goals listed in brackets)"

</doc>
<doc id="18590978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590978" title="1936 Soviet Top League">
1936 Soviet Top League

The 1936 season was the first season of the Soviet Top League. The season was split into two championships with a cup competition between them that took place in August 1936. The first part (considered spring) started in late May and finished by mid of July with a single match played by each participant against each other. The same format was resumed in the fall that started in September finishing before November. The main contenders for the title appeared to be the Moscow's Spartak and Dynamo.
Spring.
Overview.
The first championship started on May 22, 1936 with the game FC Dynamo Leningrad - FC Lokomotiv Moscow 3:1 on the Dynamo Stadium in Leningrad. The spring half finished on July 17, 1936 with two games in Moscow and Leningrad. During the season each team played another team once. The points were awarded in the following manner: three for a win, two for a draw, one for a loss, and none for no appearance. No teams were relegated to the "B" Group, instead it was extended to eight teams in the autumn championship.
League Standings.
Note: Classification is done by points and then goal difference. Please, also note that FC Krasnaya Zaria won a match against their city-mates FC Dynamo 1:0 at Dynamo Stadium (Leningrad) on June 5, 1936. The decisive game that guaranteed the title for Dynamo Moscow took place on July 11, 1936 when they beat Spartak 1:0 at Dynamo Stadium (Moscow). The host team for that game was considered to be Spartak.
Round by Round.
The following table is a historic representation of the team's position in the standings after the completion of each round.
Medal squads.
"(league appearances and goals listed in brackets)"
Stadiums.
Note: Balitsky was Narkom of NKVD, later was executed during the Great Purge.
Autumn.
Overview.
This tournament was exact replica of the spring championship by the format of the competition, including the nomination of points. The Georgian FC Dynamo Tbilisi was admitted to the League expending it to eight teams. The defending champion was FC Dynamo Moscow.
It opened with two games in Leningrad and Moscow on September 5, 1936 soon after the Soviet Cup final that took place just week prior to that on August 28. The season concluded on October 30, 1936 with three games in Moscow, Leningrad, and Tbilisi. It was then when Spartak Moscow by beating CDKA at their home turf (CSKA Stadium) passed Dinamo Moscow in rankings to obtain the first place and with it the first national title.
Round by Round.
The following table is a historic representation of the team's position in the standings after the completion of each round.
Medal squads.
"(league appearances and goals listed in brackets)"

</doc>
<doc id="18590984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590984" title="Sara Khoshjamal Fekri">
Sara Khoshjamal Fekri

Sara Khoshjamal Fekri (, born 21 September 1988 in Rudbar) is an Iranian taekwondoka and the first Iranian female taekwondo Olympic qualifier. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, defeating Ghizlane Toudali of Morocco in the round of sixteen before losing to Yang Shu-Chun of Chinese Taipei in the quarter-finals.

</doc>
<doc id="18590987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590987" title="2008–09 ACF Fiorentina season">
2008–09 ACF Fiorentina season

The 2008-09 season is ACF Fiorentina's 83rd season in Italian football since their existence and their 71st season in the first-tier of Italian football, Serie A. Having finished 4th the previous season ahead of Milan, "La Viola" earned qualification into the Champions League for the first time in eight years.
Team kit.
The team kit for the season is produced by Lotto Sport Italia and the shirt sponsor is Toyota.
Squad.
First-team squad.
"As of 2008-07-26"
UEFA Cup.
Round of 32.
Second leg.
"Ajax wins 2–1 on aggregate"

</doc>
<doc id="18590992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590992" title="Tilisolol">
Tilisolol

Tilisolol (INN, trade name Selecal) is a beta blocker.

</doc>
<doc id="18590993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590993" title="MRSC">
MRSC

MRSC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18590997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18590997" title="Mindil Beach">
Mindil Beach

Mindil Beach is a beach located near the Darwin's central business district. Mindil Beach holds the Mindil Beach Sunset Markets which runs during the Dry season (from May until October) of every year.
Events.
Darwin beer-can regatta is held at Mindil Beach annually which has been running since 1975.
Mindil Beach Sunset Markets is a seasonal market which is held at Mindil Beach, which started in 1987, the markets run from the last Thursday in April to the last Thursday in October.

</doc>
<doc id="18591004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591004" title="Global Security Challenge">
Global Security Challenge

The Global Security Challenge runs international business plan competitions to find and select the most promising security technology startups in the world. The GSC holds regional selection events and a Security Summit in London to bring together innovators with government, industry and investors. The GSC belongs to InnoCentive, which acquired the original owner OmniCompete in 2012. OmniCompete also launched the Energy Storage Challenge in 2010.
History.
The GSC was founded by MBA students of London Business School in spring 2006; the first competition took place in summer 2006. By 2007, the Technical Support Working Group, an interagency group of the US Government, sponsored the annual grant award of $500,000 Dollar for the winning security startup. The GSC runs regional finals in Singapore at the National University of Singapore, in Washington DC at The University of Maryland and Brussels at the Brussels School of International Studies ahead of the GSC London Security Summit in autumn, hosted by London Business School.
Past Competitions' Winners & Finalists.
GSC finalists and winners from the last three annual competitions have subsequently raised over $117 million in new venture funding and grants. The top-selected startups also have secured large contracts with government clients, such as the US Department of Energy, the US Navy and the US Department of Defense, and with industry behemoths, such as Siemens and Bayer AG from Germany. One regional finalist in 2007, TenCube, recently got acquired by McAfee and the cyber 2009 winner Ksplice was acquired in July 2011 by Oracle.
Judges.
The members of the GSC Judging Committees are leaders from venture capital funds, government, universities and industry.
Industry Judges.
Final Judging Committee 2009
Final Judging Committee 2010
Events.
The GSC hosts several regional Semi-Finals and one Grand Final (Summit) at leading research universities around the world: 
Keynote Speakers 2010: 
Past Speakers: 

</doc>
<doc id="18591009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591009" title="95th National Guard Higher Command (Greece)">
95th National Guard Higher Command (Greece)


</doc>
<doc id="18591023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591023" title="Heinrich Moritz Gaede">
Heinrich Moritz Gaede

Heinrich Moritz Gaede, also Henri-Maurice Gaede (26 March 1795–January 1834), was a German naturalist and entomologist.
He was a Professor in Lüttich and at the University of Liège. 
Gaede wrote "Beitrage zur Anatomie und Physiologie der Medusen, nebst einem Versuch einer Einleitung ueber das, was den altern Natursorschern in Hinsicht dieser Thiere bekannt war" (1816) and "Beytrage zur Anatomie der Insekten" Altona, J. F. Hammerich (1815).

</doc>
<doc id="18591030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591030" title="Back on Track">
Back on Track

Back on Track may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18591038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591038" title="Sofalcone">
Sofalcone

Sofalcone (INN) is an oral gastrointestinal medication. It is a synthetic derivative of sophoradin, a chalconoid, a type of natural phenol found in "Sophora tonkinensis" (or "Sophora subprostrata"), a herb used in traditional Chinese medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="18591058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591058" title="Back on Track (DeBarge album)">
Back on Track (DeBarge album)

Back on Track is the title of a gospel-oriented 1991 album by the family soul music group DeBarge, released on Truth Ministries. The "DeBarge" name is a bit misleading, as the album consisted of contributions from various members of the DeBarge family as opposed to being an official release by the "band" DeBarge.
Because of limited promotion from the little label and no other attention brought into the El-less lineup, the album fizzled.

</doc>
<doc id="18591059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591059" title="1992 Russian Top League">
1992 Russian Top League

Statistics of Russian Top League in season 1992.
Overview.
Twenty clubs of the former Soviet competition took place in this season. The league was combined out of six clubs of the Soviet Top League, 11 - Soviet First League, and the rest out of the Buffer League (Center and East). FC Spartak Moscow won the championship.
The composition of groups may seem kind of uneven with four Top League clubs in Group A and two — in Group B. However the seeding was done upon the completion of the previous Soviet season with Rotor being conditionally promoted to the top level.
Final stage.
The results of games played in the first stage were counted in the final stage.
Championship Round.
Tournament for places 1 to 8
Relegation Round.
Tournament for places 9 to 20
Top scorers.
Gasimov was the official top scorer as Matveyev and Garin did not play in the Championship Round.
Medal squads.
"(league appearances and goals listed in brackets)"

</doc>
<doc id="18591061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591061" title="1993 Russian Top League">
1993 Russian Top League

Statistics of Russian Top League in season 1993.
Overview.
18 teams participated, and FC Spartak Moscow won the championship.
League standings.
FC Rostselmash and FC Asmaral were relegated. FC Krylia Sovetov, FC Luch and FC Okean played in a promotion tournament against the winners of the three zones of the Russian First League 1993, in which three spots in Russian Top League 1994 were contested. FC Krylia Sovetov kept their spot and FC Luch and FC Okean were relegated.
Medal squads.
"(league appearances and goals listed in brackets)"

</doc>
<doc id="18591062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591062" title="1994 Russian Top League">
1994 Russian Top League

Statistics of Russian Top League in the 1994 season.
Overview.
16 teams participated, and FC Spartak Moscow won the championship.
League standings.
Notes.

</doc>
<doc id="18591065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591065" title="1995 Russian Top League">
1995 Russian Top League

Statistics of Russian Top League in season 1995.
Overview.
16 teams participated, and Spartak-Alania Vladikavkaz won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591079" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre individual medley">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre individual medley

The final of the Men's 200 metres Individual Medley event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held in Sunday 24 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18591086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591086" title="Falecalcitriol">
Falecalcitriol

Falecalcitriol (INN) is an analog of calcitriol. It has a higher potency both in vivo and in vitro systems, and longer duration of action in vivo.

</doc>
<doc id="18591103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591103" title="Harry Ellis Wooldridge">
Harry Ellis Wooldridge

Harry Ellis Wooldridge (1845 – 13 February 1917) was an English musical antiquary, artist and Professor of Fine Arts. His music collections included transcripts of 17th- and 18th-century Italian music.
He enrolled at the Royal Academy in 1865, becoming interested in early music at about the same time. He was studio assistant to Sir Edward Burne-Jones and later worked with Henry Holiday, the chief designer for James Powell and Sons, stained glass makers. Wooldridge was retained by Powell's and designed stained glass and tile paintings for more than twenty years. 
His church commissions included a reredos for St Martin's Church in Brighton (described as his "chef d'œuvre)", and the painting of frescoes in St John-at-Hampstead. 
His growing authority on early music led to his 1895 appointment, succeeding John Ruskin as Slade Professor of Fine Art at Oxford. His main contributions to music literature are a new edition of William Chappell's "Popular Music of the Olden Time", which appeared under the title "Old English Popular Music" (1893) and "The Polyphonic Period", parts I. and II. (vols. i. and ii. of the "Oxford History of Music", 1901–05).
Wooldridge edited the "Yattendon Hymnal" (1895–1899) with his lifelong friend, the Poet Laureate, Robert Seymour Bridges, with whom he lived at one stage at 50 Maddox Street in London. The Hymnal is regarded as "influential in the contemporary reform of hymnody and the revival of sixteenth and seventeenth century music".

</doc>
<doc id="18591107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591107" title="Indiana Jones and the Dance of the Giants">
Indiana Jones and the Dance of the Giants

Indiana Jones and the Dance of the Giants is the second of 12 Indiana Jones novels published by Bantam Books. Rob MacGregor, the author of this book, also wrote five of the other Indiana Jones books for Bantam. Published on May 1, 1991, it is preceded by "Indiana Jones and the Peril at Delphi" and followed by "Indiana Jones and the Seven Veils".
Plot summary.
The year is 1925 AD. Dr. Henry Jones Jr., better known as Indiana Jones, has secured his first teaching job as a professor in London University's archaeology department. It is here that Indy first meets a very attractive twenty-year-old Scottish girl by the name of Deirdre Campbell. She is the brightest student in his class but Indy quickly learns that her knowledge goes far past the contents of his lectures. In her thesis for the class, she quite seriously claims to have uncovered a golden scroll that proves of the true existence of Merlin the sorcerer. Intrigued by the thesis and by Deirdre herself, Indy once again takes up the bullwhip and fedora for an action-packed chase across Britain filled with magic, mystery, murder, a lesson in love and the threat of world domination.

</doc>
<doc id="18591117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591117" title="David Adams (rugby league)">
David Adams (rugby league)

David Adams (born in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian former rugby league footballer. He played for the Balmain Tigers and the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles in the NSWRL. He played as a half-back.

</doc>
<doc id="18591132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591132" title="Cheesy">
Cheesy

Cheesy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18591135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591135" title="Fasudil">
Fasudil

Fasudil Hydrochloride (INN) is a potent Rho-kinase inhibitor and vasodilator. Since it was discovered, it has been used for the treatment of cerebral vasospasm, which is often due to subarachnoid hemorrhage, as well as to improve the cognitive decline seen in stroke victims. It has been found to be effective for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension. It was demonstrated in February 2009 that fasudil could also be used to enhance memory and improve the prognosis of Alzheimers patients.
Pulmonary Hypertension.
Pulmonary Hypertension (PH) is a cardiovascular disease characterized by a resting mean pulmonary arterial pressure exceeding 25 mmHg, or more than 30 mmHg during exercise. It arises from the pulmonary vascular remodeling accompanied by endothelial dysfunction, fibroblast activation, and endothelial cellular proliferation. Symptoms of PH include shortness of breath, chronic fatigue, dizziness, peripheral edema, cyanosis, and chest pain. If untreated, PH could lead to heart failure and death. PH is divided into 5 classifications: arterial, venous, hypoxemia, thromboembolic, and miscellaneous.
Molecular Mechanism.
Fasudil (HA-1077) is a selective RhoA/Rho kinase(ROCK) inhibitor. ROCK is an enzyme that plays an important role in mediating vasoconstriction and vascular remodeling in the pathogenesis of PH. ROCK induces vasoconstriction by phosphorylating the myosin-binding subunit of myosin light chain (MLC) phosphatase, thus decreasing MLC phosphatase activity and enhancing vascular smooth muscle contraction.
Angiotensin-converting Enzyme (ACE) expression and Angiotensin-II (Ang-II) levels.
ACE is an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of Angiotensin-I (Ang-I) to Angiotensin-II (Ang-II). Ang-II is a peptide hormone which increases blood pressure by initiating vasoconstriction and aldosterone secretion. ROCK increases ACE expression and activity in PH. By inhibiting ROCK with fasudil, circulating ACE and Ang-II are reduced, leading to a decrease in pulmonary vascular pressure.
Endothelial Nitric Oxide Synthase (eNOS) expression.
eNOS mediates the production of the vasodilator Nitric Oxide (NO). Pulmonary arterial cell cultures treated with fasudil showed a significant increase in eNOS mRNA levels in a dose dependent manner, and the half-life of eNOS mRNA increased 2-folds. These findings suggested that ROCK inhibition with fasudil increases eNOS expression by stabilizing eNOS mRNA, which contributed to an increase of NO level to enhance vasodilation.
Extracellular signal-regulated kinase(ERK) activity and p27Kip1 levels.
The proliferative effects of ROCK on vascular endothelial cells is due to the activation of extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK). ERK mediates cell proliferation via the phosphorylation of p27Kip1, thus accelerating the degradation rate of p27Kip1. p27Kip1 is a cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitor which down-regulates cell cycle by binding cyclin-CDK complex. Human pulmonary arterial smooth muscle cells treated with fasudil showed a decrease in cell proliferation in a dose-dependent manner. Fasudil also decreases ERK activities, as well as increases level of p27Kip1. This suggested that the anti-proliferative effects of fasudil is due to the decrease of ERK activities via the inhibition of ROCK.

</doc>
<doc id="18591171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591171" title="Robert Skaltsis">
Robert Skaltsis

Robert Joseph Skaltsis (born April 15, 1962, Brockton, Massachusetts) is an American rock musician.
Skaltsis attended Brockton High School and Framingham State College, where he excelled in athletics and fine arts.
He was a member of the notable pop groups The Lines (1981–1989), Axminster (1983–1987), Wildside (1988–1994, 2008), and The Nines (1994–2003). Skaltsis also made appearances on several television shows, including the second annual broadcast of the Underground Cafe, and numerous television commercials. Skaltsis is reputed by publications, fellow musicians, and music producers to be one of the music industry's most solid and reliable bass players and a consummate stage performer. Skaltsis retired from music in 2006 after a brief illness Diving for Pearls.
In 2008 Skaltsis came out of retirement and attempted to reform the 1980s rock group Wildside with all the original members, including his brother.

</doc>
<doc id="18591177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591177" title="The Unnamables">
The Unnamables

The Unnamables is the only album by Univeria Zekt. It was released in 1972.
A Magma album in disguise, "The Unnamables" was designed to ease listeners into the musical world of Magma. Recorded by essentially the same line-up as on "1001° Centigrades" (1972), the album basically repeats the stylistic development shown through Magma's first two albums, while abandoning the science fiction concept of the Kobaïan story.
Three tracks from Lasry and one from Cahen on the first half of the album approximate the accessibility of the better-known jazz-rock of the time. Vander's pieces on the second half of the album, however, begin to explore similar musical ground to that found on "1001° Centigrades". Two of Vander's pieces can also be found on the 1970 soundtrack to "24 Heures Seulement" and are available on the "Archiw I" CD in the "" 12 disc box collection. "The Unnamables" was originally released on Thélème, and reissued on Cryonic in 1986 and on Musea in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18591202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591202" title="1985–86 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
1985–86 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 1985/1986.
Overview.
It was performed in 17 teams, and S.C. Faetano won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591204" title="1986–87 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
1986–87 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 1986/1987.
Overview.
It was performed in 9 teams, and S.P. La Fiorita won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591208" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 400 metre individual medley">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 400 metre individual medley

The final of the Men's 400 metres Individual Medley event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Wednesday 20 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18591210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591210" title="1987–88 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
1987–88 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 1987/1988.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and S.P. Tre Fiori won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591213" title="1988–89 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
1988–89 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 1988/1989.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and S.P. Domagnano won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591214" title="Herbert George">
Herbert George

Herbert John George (1893 – 19 April 1939) was a Welsh chemist and a lecturer at the University of Oxford.
Biography.
George was educated at Cardiff High School and spent one session at University College, Cardiff before matriculating at Jesus College, Oxford in 1911 as a science scholar. He obtained a first-class degree in Natural Sciences in 1914. At the outbreak of the First World War, he enlisted in the Royal Welch Fusiliers, reaching the rank of lieutenant and seeing service at Gallipoli, where he was wounded. His health suffered further when posted to Mesopotamia, and he was invalided home. He then worked in the explosives department of the Ministry of Munitions, and gained first-hand knowledge of modern methods for manufacturing heavy chemicals.
He was appointed by Jesus College as a Research Fellow and Lecturer in Chemistry in 1919, later becoming an Official Fellow and Tutor. He also held the college offices of Librarian, Junior Bursar and Senior Bursar. Within the university, he took charge of colloid chemistry and was appointed by Oxford University as one of its representatives on Oxford City Council. He was regarded as an authority on teaching science in schools, and was a member of committees in Wales and in Oxford controlling school examinations. His time for published work was limited by his other commitments, but he wrote on the absorption of gases on glass surfaces, on the theory of strong electrolytes and other subjects. He died on 19 April 1939 at the age of 46.

</doc>
<doc id="18591216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591216" title="1989–90 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
1989–90 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 1989/1990.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and S.P. La Fiorita won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591224" title="1990–91 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
1990–91 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 1990/1991.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and S.C. Faetano won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591227" title="1991–92 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
1991–92 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 1991/1992.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and S.S. Montevito won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591228" title="1992–93 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
1992–93 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 1992/1993.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and S.P. Tre Fiori won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591231" title="1993–94 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
1993–94 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 1993/1994.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and S.P. Tre Fiori won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591236" title="1994–95 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
1994–95 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 1994/1995.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and S.P. Tre Fiori won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591237" title="1995–96 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
1995–96 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 1995/1996.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and A.C. Libertas won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591240" title="1996–97 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
1996–97 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 1996/1997.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and S.S. Folgore/Falciano won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591243" title="1997–98 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
1997–98 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 1997/1998.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and S.S. Folgore/Falciano won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591247" title="1998–99 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
1998–99 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 1998/1999.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and S.C. Faetano won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591254" title="1999–2000 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
1999–2000 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 1999/2000.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and S.S. Folgore/Falciano won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591265" title="2000–01 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
2000–01 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 2000/2001.
Overview.
It was performed in 15 teams, and S.S. Cosmos won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591266" title="2001–02 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
2001–02 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 2001/2002.
Overview.
It was performed in 15 teams, and F.C. Domagnano won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591269" title="2002–03 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
2002–03 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 2002–03.
Overview.
It was performed in 15 teams, and F.C. Domagnano won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591271" title="2003–04 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
2003–04 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 2003/2004.
Overview.
It was performed in 15 teams, and S.S. Pennarossa won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591272" title="Cafarsite">
Cafarsite

Cafarsite (Ca8(Ti,Fe2+,Fe3+,Mn)6-7(AsO3)12·4H2O) is a rare calcium iron arsenite mineral. Manganese and titanium occur with iron in the formula.
It was first described in 1966 for an occurrence in the Binn Valley, Valais, Switzerland. Its name is from the composition, "ca"lcium, "f"errum (iron), and "ars"enic. It has also been reported from Piedmont, Italy and the Hemlo gold mine in the Thunder Bay District, Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18591274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591274" title="2004–05 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
2004–05 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

Statistics of Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio in season 2004/2005.
Overview.
It was performed in 15 teams, and F.C. Domagnano won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18591280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591280" title="Nemonapride">
Nemonapride

Nemonapride (Emilace) is an atypical antipsychotic approved in Japan for the treatment of schizophrenia. It was launched by Yamanouchi in 1991. Nemonapride acts as a D2 and D3 receptor antagonist, and is also a potent 5-HT1A receptor agonist. It has affinity for sigma receptors.

</doc>
<doc id="18591288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591288" title="DWGB">
DWGB

97.1 OKFM (originally DWGB) is a Legazpi City, Philippine-based radio station with a Top 40 (CHR) musical format. It is owned by PBN Broadcasting Network Incorporated. The station can be heard live on the internet through www.pbnbicol.com/okfm or at www.971okfm.multiply.com. It operates daily from 4:00 AM to 10:00 PM. 

</doc>
<doc id="18591305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591305" title="DWJP-FM">
DWJP-FM

103.5 Star FM is a FM station of Bombo Radyo Philippines. The station's studio and transmitter are located at Legaspi City. It airs hits that are purely OPM hits and Pop Music and up-to-date news and information.
Star FM radio network.
Unfortunately Star FM Legazpi ceased operation on 2005, during Typhoon Reming, its transmitter tower were completely destroyed rendering it unusable.

</doc>
<doc id="18591311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591311" title="Better luck next time">
Better luck next time

Better luck next time may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18591318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591318" title="Hillingdon local elections">
Hillingdon local elections

Hillingdon Council in London, England is elected every four years. Since the 2002 boundary changes the council is composed of 65 councillors.

</doc>
<doc id="18591332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591332" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 400 metre individual medley">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 400 metre individual medley

The final of the Women's 400 metres Individual Medley event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held in Tuesday 19 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18591364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591364" title="Inland Waterways Association of Ireland">
Inland Waterways Association of Ireland

The Inland Waterways Association of Ireland "Cumann Uiscebhealaigh Intíre na hÉireann" (IWAI) is a registered charity and a limited company in the Republic of Ireland and also operates in Northern Ireland. It was founded in 1954 to campaign for the conservation and development of the waterways and their preservation as working navigations. The association has approximately 4,400 members which are organised in twenty branches.
IWAI has strong links with the Scottish Inland Waterways Association (SIWA), with an annual exchange. In 2008, SIWA visited Lough Erne, and in 2009, IWAI is due to visit the Crinan Canal. 

</doc>
<doc id="18591392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591392" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 200 metre individual medley">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 200 metre individual medley

The final of the Women's 200 metres Individual Medley event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held in Saturday 23 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18591403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591403" title="Bruce Adler">
Bruce Adler

Bruce Adler (November 27, 1944 – July 25, 2008) was an American Broadway actor. After debuting on the Broadway stage in the 1979 revival of "Oklahoma!", he went on to a career that saw him nominated for Tony Awards as Best Featured Actor in a Musical for "Those Were the Days" (1991) and "Crazy For You" (1992). His film work was limited to voice work in animated films, notably providing the singing voice for the narrator of the 1992 Disney film "Aladdin" and 1996 film "Aladdin and the King of Thieves".
Early life.
Born in New York City, Adler's parents, Henrietta Jacobson and Julius Adler, and his two maternal uncles, Irving and Hymie Jacobson were well-established popular stars of the Yiddish theatre, at the time in its heyday on New York's Lower East Side. Adler made his stage debut at an early age, appearing with his parents. The three Adlers played the London Palladium with Sophie Tucker in the 1950s. He continued to appear in Yiddish theatre throughout his teens, also appearing in mainstream American theatre as his parents made a similar "crossover," most notably appearing in productions of Neil Simon's "Come Blow Your Horn".
Career.
Adler served in the United States Army from 1966 through 1968. He continued his career thereafter, firmly straddling the two worlds of Yiddish and American Theatre. After much success in regional theatre, Adler made his Broadway debut as Ali Hakim, the Peddler, in the 35th anniversary production of "Oklahoma!" in 1979. He was following in the footsteps of actor Joseph Buloff, who had created the role in 1943, and also had a huge background on the Yiddish stage. Other Broadway shows included "Oh, Brother!" (1981), "Sunday in the Park with George" (1984), "Broadway" (1987), "Rumors" (1988), "Those Were The Days" (1991), where he won the Drama Desk Award, and "Crazy for You" (1992). Adler stayed with "Crazy for You" for the entirety of its four-year run on Broadway.
Off-Broadway, Adler appeared in several well-received Yiddish speaking and Jewish-themed productions of the last 30 years, including "The Golden Land" (1985), "On Second Avenue" (1987),"The Rise of David Levinsky" (1987) and many others. He appeared in many summer productions at The Muny Theater in St. Louis. He had a voice role in Disney's animated film, "Beauty and the Beast", as well as roles in television shows such as "Law & Order".
Adler created a second career for himself starting in the mid-1990s, with a series of shows which played to huge success in the legitimate theatres of South Florida from the Palm Beaches to Ft. Lauderdale to Miami. His shows paid tribute to the performers who had shaped his own style including Danny Kaye, Sammy Davis, Jr., Red Buttons, Cab Calloway and Jimmy Durante, among others.
In a review of Adler's one-man show "Song and Dance Man", "New York Times" critic Richard F. Shepard wrote, "What is there that this man can't do? He kazotskys, he soft shoes, he fandangos...He makes the oldest jokes fresh and funny!...It is impossible to watch him without being seized by his infectious spirit, his complete enjoyment in what he is doing...he brings performing brilliance to the stage!"
Personal life and death.
Adler's first marriage ended in divorce in 2002. He married director/actress Amy London in 2003. In February 2007, he and London had their first child together, Jacob Hayden Adler.
Bruce Adler died of liver cancer at age 63 on July 25, 2008. His last public appearance was at in May 2008 at Carnegie Hall, where he recreated several numbers that evening in a gala celebration for the New York Festival of Song.

</doc>
<doc id="18591417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591417" title="98th National Guard Higher Command (Greece)">
98th National Guard Higher Command (Greece)

The 98th National Guard Higher Command (98η ΑΔΤΕ - 98η Ανώτατη Διοίκηση Ταγμάτων Εθνοφυλακής), "98 Anotati Dioikisi Tagmaton Ethnofylakis (98 ADTE)", is a Greek Army mechanized formation responsible for the defence of the island of Lesbos, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="18591418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591418" title="Healing Through Creativity">
Healing Through Creativity

Healing Through Creativity abbreviated to HTC is an organization that holds an annual art, music, writing, poetry and other creative forms event each year in the states of West Virginia and Virginia, USA for survivors recovering from Trauma, Cancer, Sexual Abuse, Domestic Violence, Grief, Disability and Accidents. The event attracts international attention, with submissions taken for the event through the organization's website and PO. Box from all over the globe.
Media.
The highlight of past years was an interview conducted by US radio station, The Festival of the Arts, where event organizers George and Tracey gave an hour long interview. On the 11th of June 2008, Healing Through Creativity made a media release entitled "Call for Artists and Performers for the Healing through Creativity Festival" which was the organization's method of attracting performers and artists to the annual event. Healing Through Creativity has said there has been a "healthy response" to the call for performers and artists at the 2008 event. The event continually releases press releases at the site and to local news outlets prior to the event start.
Venue.
HTC venues from year to year have been the "Museum in the Community," where the event was held in 2006-07, to "West Virginia State University" in 2008. In 2009, Grandin Gardens in Roanoke, Virginia and in 2010 two venues in Bramwell, West Virginia Town Hall and Grandin Gardens, Roanoke, Virginia.
Promotion.
The organization recently launched MySpace and Facebook profiles to help raise awareness of the event and connect with other similar organizations (and their members) as a way of promoting the annual event. The event also has a Twitter, WordPress and Blogger address. Promotion is achieved through social networking, flyers, brochures, word of mouth, outreach events and website.
HTC has also used support sites to connect with survivors of trauma, cancer, sexual abuse, grief, and accidents. Some of which are the AfterSilence and the Pandora's Aquarium ("Pandys") support forum and chat room sites for survivors of rape, sexual abuse, and sexual assault. "Pandys" is the worlds largest survivor support site, and AfterSilence is the worldest 2nd largest survivor support site in the world, based on the number of posts by members.
Supporters.
The event supporters are West Virginia State University, Hampton, West Virginia Department of Health & Human Resources, and Holiday Inn Express, who covers some of the event costs, the remainder of the event costs are covered by the organizers and by individual/personal donations HTC also recently added as a “Donations” section to the website to help cover some of the website and event costs.
Website.
In 2006, HTC launched their website which is used as a means of communication with potential event attendees. Soon after launching the event website HTC launched a support forum and chat room as an extension to the event's website so that, in addition to the annual event, HTC runs the support forum and chat room as a means to offer support and communication to survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="18591429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591429" title="Thermo-mechanical fatigue">
Thermo-mechanical fatigue

Thermo-mechanical fatigue (short TMF) is the overlay of a cyclical mechanical loading, that leads to fatigue of a material, with a cyclical thermal loading. Thermo-mechanical fatigue is an important point that needs to be considered, when constructing turbine engines or gas turbines.
Failure Mechanisms.
There are three mechanisms acting in thermo-mechanical fatigue
Each factor has more or less of an effect depending on the parameters of loading. In phase (IP) thermo-mechanical loading (when the temperature and load increase at the same time) is dominated by creep. The combination of high temperature and high stress is the ideal condition for creep. The heated material flows more easily in tension, but cools and stiffens under compression. Out of phase (OP) thermo-mechanical loading is dominated by the effects of oxidation and fatigue. Oxidation weakens the surface of the material, creating flaws and seeds for crack propagation. As the crack propagates, the newly exposed crack surface then oxidizes, weakening the material further and enabling the crack to extend. A third case occurs in OP TMF loading when the stress difference is much greater than the temperature difference. Fatigue alone is the driving cause of failure in this case, causing the material to fail before oxidation can have much of an effect.
TMF still is not fully understood. There are many different models to attempt to predict the behavior and life of materials undergoing TMF loading. More details relating to TMF behaviour can be seen in the following paper:
R.J. Lancaster, M.T. Whittaker, S.J. Williams, A review of thermo-mechanical fatigue behaviour in polycrystalline nickel superalloys for turbine disc applications, Materials at High Temperatures, 2013, 30, 1, [DOI: 10.3184/096034013X13630238172260
The two models presented below take different approaches.
Models of Thermo-Mechanical Fatigue.
There are many different models that have been developed in an attempt to understand and explain TMF. This page will address the two broadest approaches, constitutive and phenomenological models. Constitutive models utilize the current understanding of the microstructure of materials and failure mechanisms. These models tend to be more complex, as they try to incorporate everything we know about how the materials fail. These types of models are becoming more popular recently as improved imaging technology has allowed for a better understanding of failure mechanisms. Phenomenological models are based purely on the observed behavior of materials. They treat the exact mechanism of failure as a sort of "black box". Temperature and loading conditions are input, and the result is the fatigue life. These models try to fit some equation to match the trends found between different inputs and outputs.
Damage Accumulation Model.
The damage accumulation model is a constitutive model of TMF. It adds together the damage from the three failure mechanisms of fatigue, creep, and oxidation.
formula_1
where formula_2 is the fatigue life of the material, that is, the number of loading cycles until failure. The fatigue life for each failure mechanism is calculated individually and combined to find the total fatigue life of the specimen.
Fatigue.
The life from fatigue is calculated for isothermal loading conditions. It is dominated by the strain applied to the specimen.
formula_3
where formula_4 and formula_5 are material constants found through isothermal testing. Note that this term does not account for temperature effects. The effects of temperature are treated in the oxidation and creep terms.
Oxidation.
The life from oxidation is affected by temperature and cycle time.
formula_6
where formula_7
and formula_8
Parameters are found by comparing fatigue tests done in air and in an environment with no oxygen (vacuum or argon). Under these testing conditions, it has been found that the effects of oxidation can reduce the fatigue life of a specimen by a whole order of magnitude. Higher temperatures greatly increase the amount of damage from environmental factors.
Creep.
formula_9
where formula_10
Benefit.
The damage accumulation model is one of the most in-depth and accurate models for TMF. It accounts for the effects of each failure mechanism.
Drawback.
The damage accumulation model is also one of the most complex models for TMF. There are several material parameters that must be found through extensive testing.
Strain-Rate Partitioning.
Strain-rate partitioning is a phenomenological model of thermo-mechanical fatigue. It is based on observed phenomenon instead of the failure mechanisms. This model deals only with inelastic strain and ignores plastic strain completely. It accounts for different types of deformation and breaks strain into four possible scenarios:
The damage and life for each partition is calculated and combined in the model
formula_11
where formula_12
and formula_13 etc., are found from variations of the equation formula_14
where A and C are material constants for individual loading.
Benefit.
Strain-Rate Partitioning is a much simpler model than the damage accumulation model. Because it breaks down the loading into specific scenarios, it can account for different phases in loading.
Drawback.
The model is based on inelastic strain. This means that it does not work well with scenarios of low inelastic strain, such as brittle materials or loading with very low strain.
This model can be an oversimplification. Because it fails to account for oxidation damage, it may overpredict specimen life in certain loading conditions.
Looking Forward.
The next area of research is attempting to understand TMF of composites. The interaction between the different materials adds another layer of complexity.
Seifert and Reidel are modeling hard graphite inclusions in cast iron as spherical inclusions in a matrix. Because the materials are brittle, crack development is assumed to occur early in the loading process. The fatigue life model is then based on a crack growth model, but is adjusted to account for effects from temperature. Their proposed model is
formula_15
where formula_16 is the original crack size, formula_17 is the final crack size, formula_18 is a material constant, and D is a function of stress, temperature, and hardening of the matrix.
Zhang and Wang are currently investigating the TMF of a unidirectional fiber reinforced matrix. They are using a finite element method that accounts for the known microstructure. They have discovered that the large difference in the thermal expansion coefficient between the matrix and the fiber is the driving cause of failure, causing high internal stress.

</doc>
<doc id="18591433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591433" title="İbrahim Şen">
İbrahim Şen

İbrahim Şen (born 1 October 1980) is a citizen of Turkey who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States's Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba.
His Guantanamo Internment Serial Number was 297. The Defense Intelligence Agency reports that following İbrahim Şen's repatriation he "returned to terrorism".
Şen was interviewed in April 2006 by a Turkish newspaper "Vakit". Şen reported that female interrogators sexually abused him and desecrated the Koran, and that guards beat him with iron bars, and allowed him to be mauled by dogs, when he was in the Kandahar detention facility. He reported that camp authorities would amputate wounded limbs rather than trying to provide less radical medical care. Şen reported being left for days in what he called "the insanity room", where captives were subjected to loud noise. Şen also claimed that most GIs in Guantanamo were Jewish, and wore skullcaps, and that a Rabbi was present during each interrogation. A Turkish columnist, Aslı Aydintaşbaş, criticized Şen for the "crude antisemitism" he showed in his interview. Şen and several other former captives are suing several current and former US officials for the inhumane and illegal conditions of their detention. The other former captives include two other former Turkish captives: Yuksel Celikgogus, Nuri Mert, a former Uzbek named Zakirjan Hasam, and a former Algerian captive Fethi Boucetta. Like Sen, the two other Turkish captives were repatriated prior to the institution of the Combatant Status Review Tribunals, in August 2004. The Algerian and Uzbek were among the 38 captives who were freed after their CSR Tribunals determined they never should have been classified as "enemy combatants". According to the DIA, İbrahim Şen was transferred to Turkey in November 2003. In January 2008, Şen was arrested in Van, Turkey, and charged as the leader of an active al-Qaida cell.

</doc>
<doc id="18591435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591435" title="List of programs broadcast by Nickelodeon (Southeast Asia)">
List of programs broadcast by Nickelodeon (Southeast Asia)

Nickelodeon is an Asian children and teenagers television channel available on many pay-TV networks across Asia.
Programming blocks.
Nick Jr..
Nick Jr. was a programming block that runs on Nickelodeon weekdays from 07:30am to 11:00am and weekends from 07:00am to 09:00am, airing preschool programs.
This block had been taken off the air from Nickelodeon since 1 July 2011 due to a major timeslot change for (nearly) all programs on Nickelodeon and the availability of the Nick. Jr. 24-hour channel, therefore the last day of the block's broadcast will be on Thursday, 30 June 2011 from 7:30am to 11:00am. Since then, the block has been occupied by current, classic and a few preschool Nickelodeon programs. Nick. Jr. was the last block to be taken off-air before there are no more programming blocks (for the current period).
Weekend Express.
Weekend Express was a programming block that ran every weekend from 12:30pm to 03:30pm from 15 January 2011 to 26 June 2011. The block featured programs according to a weekly theme. Some former programmings such as "Edgar & Ellen" had run on this block. Due to major timeslot changes which happened on 1 July 2011, Weekend Express last broadcast day was on the 26th of June 2011. This block has been removed along with the Nick. Jr. block which ended 30 June 2011. Current programmings such as SpongeBob SquarePants will replace this block from July 2 onwards. On 19 October 2013, Weekend Express will return but renamed to Hong Toon Saturdays.
Chinatoon.
The Chinatoon programming block featured Chinese made cartoons. This block ended 27 March 2011.
Honorable 90's.
Honorable 90's will become a programming block that will run on Nickelodeon every Saturday from 03:00 pm to 06:00 pm starting 19 October 2013. It is said to include Hey Arnold!, Rugrats, Catdog, Doug, and a few other titles. Weekend Express, renamed to "Hong Toon Saturdays", will be returning that same morning.
Hong Toon Saturdays.
Hong Toon Saturdays will be replacing the original Weekend Express programming block on 19 October 2013. The block will air every Saturday from 08:30 am to 01:30 pm. It is said to include many returning and new titles including Invader Zim, My Life as a Teenage Robot, iCarly, Danny Phantom, and other titles.

</doc>
<doc id="18591440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591440" title="Heapey railway station">
Heapey railway station

Heapey railway station served the village of Heapey, in Lancashire, England.
History.
The station was opened by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway on the Blackburn to Chorley Line. In 1960 the station was closed to passengers, although goods traffic survived until 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="18591445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591445" title="St. Catharines General Hospital">
St. Catharines General Hospital

St. Catharines General Hospital was a general hospital established in 1865 in St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada serving the Niagara Region. First established in as a general and marine cottage hospital, it moved to its location in 1870. The building was later sold. 
The hospital was closed on March 24, 2013 at 6:00 AM once the new St. Catharines Site was opened.

</doc>
<doc id="18591456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591456" title="Celestino Piatti">
Celestino Piatti

Celestino Piatti (1922-2007) was a Swiss graphic artist, painter and book designer. He was a popular illustrator of children's books and achieved international success as a designer for Deutscher Taschenbuch Verlag (DTV).
Life.
Piatti was born in Wangen-Brüttisellen, the son of a Ticino stonemason and a Zurich farmer's daughter. He grew up in Dietlikon, near Zürich. Between 1938 and 1942 he trained in the Gebrüder Fretz studio, and took evening classes with Ernst und Max Gubler at the Kunstgewerbeschule, Zurich (today the "Zürcher Hochschule der Künste"), and then qualified as a graphic teacher. Between 1945 and the end of 1948 he worked in the studio of Fritz Bühler in Basel. From 1948 he had his own graphic design studio. In 1966 he settled in Duggingen near Basel, where he lived until his death.
His first international success came as a designer of posters. He designed more than five hundred, many of which won prizes. In 1964 his work was included in the graphic design section of documenta III in Kassel.
In 1961 Piatti became the designer for the newly founded Deutscher Taschenbuch Verlag (DTV) of Munich. As well as their cover designs, Piatti was responsible for the company's typography, signets, letterheads, advertisements and posters, giving the DTV catalogue a uniform identity which combined the International Typographic Style with quirky illustration. His distinctive covers used the sans-serif Akzidenz-Grotesk typeface in black against a white background. From 1961, beginning with Heinrich Böll's "Irisches Tagebuch", to 1991, he designed almost all of DTV's publications, a total of more than 6,300 titles.
In 1987, the DTV produced a retrospective book about Piatti, entitled "Celestino Piatti, Meister des graphischen Sinnbilds".
In addition to posters and books, his works also included stamps for the Swiss post office, (including a set marking the hundredth anniversary of the Gotthardbahn) lithographs, woodcuts and linocuts, stained glass, murals and other paintings, ceramics and sculptures.
A motif that runs through his entire work, is the owl, as a messenger of good luck or misfortune, or as a symbol of wisdom. In 1992 Piatti told a magazine: "You can draw an owl a thousand times, and never find out its secret".
Posters.
30 of Piatti's 500 posters were awarded "Best Swiss poster of the Year".
In 1971 Piatti was commissioned by the American Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) to design a 39" x 45" poster to promote the closed circuit viewing at the State Armoury in Harlem of the March 8 Muhammad Ali vs. Joe Frazier fight at Madison Square Garden. It features Ali's face as a boxing glove with eyes at the center and globe in a mouth.

</doc>
<doc id="18591474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591474" title="Delucemine">
Delucemine

Delucemine (NPS-1506) is a drug which acts as an NMDA antagonist and a serotonin reuptake inhibitor, and has neuroprotective effects. It was originally investigated for the treatment of stroke but is now being studied as a potential antidepressant. It is currently in clinical trials.
S.T. Moe, D.L. Smith, K. By, J.A. Egan, C.N. Filer, J. Label. Comp.
Radiopharm. 41, 535 (1998).

</doc>
<doc id="18591505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591505" title="City in Fear">
City in Fear

City in Fear is a 1980 Edgar Allan Poe Awarded television drama film. It was directed by Jud Taylor (using the pseudonym Alan Smithee) and written by Peter Masterson and Albert Ruben. The film stars David Janssen (his last film), Robert Vaughn, Mickey Rourke, Perry King, William Prince, Lane Smith, Mary Stuart Masterson and cameo appearance by Kathryn Daley. It is about a psycho. It premiered on March 30, 1980 in the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="18591557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591557" title="Piat Sauvage">
Piat Sauvage

Piat Joseph Sauvage was a Belgian painter. (Tournai 19 January 1744 - 11 June 1818)
Piat's father, Antoine, was a glass cutter. Piat worked in his father's factory until the age of 17, when he completed his technical schooling in drawing. He went on to improve his artistic education at the Antwerp Academy under the direction of Martin Joseph Geeraerts, an expert in grisaille and historic paintings..
He worked for a time in Brussels under the rule of the Habsburgs. He then joined the Saint Luc Academy in Paris, and in 1774 made nine paintings including the grisaille bas-relief La Mort de Germanicus "(Germanicus death)".
Sauvage was accepted into the "Acadèmie royal de Paris" after he produced a well-known painting of a round table with an embroidered cloth on which stand a statue of a child, a helmet, books, a violin, and other items. This canvas is at the "Palace of Fontainebleau" which also has other "dessus-de-porte" decorative works by this artist.
As his fame grew, he was chosen as the official painter of the Prince de Condé, and then by Louis XVI and the Royal Family. During this period, he painted Marie-Antoinette and produced paintings for the chapel of Saint-Cloud among other works.
His appointment as Royal artist did not keep him from joining the popular side of the French Revolution. His painting surprisingly did not slow down during this period of political upheaval.
From 1804 to 1807, he painted porcelain figurines for the famous Sèvres porcelain factory.
In 1808 he returned to Tournai to became the director of the Academy of Drawing. Until 1817, he succeeded in this role while famous artists such as Antoine Payen studied there. He also painted the "Sept Sacrements", or Seven Sacraments, in the choir of the Tournai cathedral in order to replace the superb tapestries stolen by the Jacobins during the revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="18591574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591574" title="Idzi Panic">
Idzi Panic

Prof. Dr. Hab. Idzi Jan Panic (born 1952 in Wodzisław Śląski) is Polish historian, professor at the University of Silesia. He is specializing in history of Cieszyn Silesia and medieval Poland.
He graduated from the University of Silesia in 1976 and gained a Ph.D. from this university in 1980. In 1999 Panic gained the title of professor.
His articles were published in "Studia Historyczne", "Sobótka. Śląski Kwartalnik Historyczny", "Pamiętnik Cieszyński" and "Těšínsko".

</doc>
<doc id="18591586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591586" title="Four Moments">
Four Moments

Four Moments is the debut studio album by the Australian symphonic rock band Sebastian Hardie and was released in August 1975 by Polydor Records. It was their most commercially successful release and peaked at #13 on the Australian album charts. The single from the album was the instrumental "Rosanna", which peaked at #31 on the National singles chart. The title track takes up side one of the original vinyl LP release and is a suite of four parts. All tracks were written by lead vocalist / lead guitarist Mario Millo either on his own or with fellow band members Tovio Pilt, Alex Plavsic and Peter Plavsic. The distinctive logo, which would feature on future Sebastian Hardie releases, was designed by Larraine Hall (see infobox at right). The album was produced by former band member Jon English.
"Four Moments" features dramatic arrangements, seamlessly flowing with its impeccable musicianship displaying influences of European progressive rock bands Genesis, King Crimson, Focus and Yes. Millo, in a 2002 interview, reflected on the creation of the album:
According to Millo: "Glories Shall Be Released" was partly inspired by a boyhood friend's drug experiences - his distorted sense of reality and subsequent suicide, "Rosanna" was named for Millo's older sister who was an emotional support, and "Openings" evolved from the band's jamming.
Track listing.
Songwriters according to Australasian Performing Right Association (APRA).
Personnel.
Sebastian Hardie members
Additional musicians
Recording details
Art work

</doc>
<doc id="18591609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591609" title="Neramexane">
Neramexane

Neramexane is a drug related to memantine, which acts as an NMDA antagonist and has neuroprotective effects. It is being developed for various possible applications, including treatment of tinnitus, Alzheimer's disease, drug addiction and as an analgesic. Animal studies have also suggested antidepressant and nootropic actions, so there are a wide range of potential applications this drug may be used for. It also acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist.

</doc>
<doc id="18591611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591611" title="N-Formylpiperidine">
N-Formylpiperidine

"N"-Formylpiperidine is an organic compound with the formula C6H11NO. It is the amide of formic acid and piperidine. It can be used as a polar aprotic solvent, with better hydrocarbon solubility than other amide solvents such as dimethylformamide (DMF). It has also been used to transfer the formyl group to a Grignard reagent:
In some formylation reaction of alkyllithium compounds, "N"-formylpiperidine gives higher yields than the DMF.

</doc>
<doc id="18591635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591635" title="Trevor Jones Memorial Trophy">
Trevor Jones Memorial Trophy

The Trevor Jones Memorial Trophy is a single match football competition held every pre-season at Kingsmeadow in memory of Trevor Jones, previously Kingstonian's Reserve Team Manager, who died from electrocution at the age of 34.
Originally contested between Kingstonian & AFC Wimbledon, but since the 2009 edition AFC Wimbledon have pulled out & The K's have played Woking & a Fulham XI. The first installment of this competition in July 2003 was known as the Kingsmeadow Cup, but the name was changed due to Trevor Jones' death.
Woking are the current holders of the trophy as they won the 2011 edition with a 2-0 win over Kingstonian.

</doc>
<doc id="18591664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591664" title="Bezirksliga Rhein-Saar">
Bezirksliga Rhein-Saar

The Bezirksliga Rhein-Saar was the highest association football league in the German state of Saarland, the Bavarian region of Palatinate and the northernmost part of Baden from 1927 to 1933. The league was disbanded with the rise of the Nazis to power in 1933.
Overview.
The league was formed in 1927, from the clubs of the "Bezirksliga Rhein" and the southern half of the "Bezirksliga Rheinhessen-Saar". The clubs from the "Bezirksliga Rheinhessen-Saar" which did not become part of the new league were added to the new "Bezirksliga Main-Hessen" instead. While the majority of clubs originated from the Palatinate and the Saarland it also incooperated some clubs from the state of Baden, from the Mannheim area and from the Prussian Rhine Province, from Trier.
The league operated from the start in two regional divisions, the "Rhein-division", named after the river Rhein and the "Saar-division", named after the river of Saar. The first played with eleven, the second with ten clubs in its first season 1927-28. The clubs in each division played each other in a home-and-away round with the division winners advancing to the Southern German championship, which in turn was a qualification tournament for the German championship. A "Bezirksliga" final was not played. 
The second and third placed team in each division qualified for another round, the "Bezirksliga" runners-up round, to determined one more team which would gain entry to the German finals.
The leagues were reduced to nine teams each in the following season but remained unchanged in modus otherwise. For the 1929-30 season, both divisions then operated on a strength of eight teams, a system that also applied in the following season.
In the 1931-32 season, both divisions expanded in strength to ten teams. The Southern German finals were also reorganised with the top two teams from each division advancing to the "Northwest" finals group.
In its last season, 1932–33, both divisions operated on a strength of ten clubs.
With the rise of the Nazis to power, the "Gauligas" were introduced as the highest football leagues in Germany. In the region, the "Gauliga Südwest/Mainhessen" replaced the "Bezirksliga Rhein-Saar" as the highest level of play. The clubs from Mannheim however entered the new "Gauliga Baden" while the teams from Trier went to the "Gauliga Mittelrhein".
National success.
Southern German championship.
Qualified teams and their success:
German championship.
Qualified teams and their success: 
Founding members of the league.
The 21 founding members of the league and their positions in the 1926-27 season were:
Placings in the Bezirksliga Rhein-Saar 1927-33.
Rhein division.
Source:
Saar division.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="18591676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591676" title="Johnnie Williams">
Johnnie Williams

John Lewis "Johnnie" Williams (3 January 1882 – 12 July 1916) was a Welsh international wing who played club rugby for Cardiff Rugby Club. A three times Triple Crown winner, out of seventeen appearances for Wales he was on the losing side only twice.
Private Life.
He was born the son of Edward Lewis in Llwyncelyn, Whitchurch, Glamorgan.
Williams fought for his country in World War I and served as a captain in the 38th (Welsh) Infantry Division. He died in the first few weeks of the Battle of the Somme, in the taking of Mametz Wood. He is buried in Corbie Communal Cemetery Extension, near Amiens, France. He was married to Mabel. 
Rugby career.
Williams was noted for his side step and his inward swerve when running the touch-line was a signature move. When the 1906 touring South Africans played Cardiff, Williams managed to side step the great Arthur Marsberg to score a try. As Williams walked back Marsberg was so impressed he approached Williams and shook his hand.
Williams was first capped in 1906 against the first touring South Africa team. Although seen as one of the worst Welsh performances the selectors kept faith in Williams and he would play for Wales a further sixteen times. Williams was part of three Welsh Triple Crown winning sides, lost only two matches and scored 17 tries in his 17 games. In the 1911 game against France, Billy Trew gave the captaincy to Williams.
In 1908 Williams was part of Arthur Harding's Anglo-Welsh team that toured the Antipodes. Although an unsuccessful tour Williams played well and ended as the teams top try scorer.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="18591713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591713" title="Volleyball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament">
Volleyball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament

The women's tournament in volleyball at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held at Capital Indoor Stadium and Beijing Institute of Technology Gymnasium from 9 to 23 August 2008. 
The twelve competing teams were split equally into two pools of six teams. Each team played all other teams in their pool with the winning team gaining 2 points and the losing side 1 point. The top four teams from each pool progressed through to the quarterfinals. The rest of the tournament was a single-elimination bracket, with a bronze medal match held between the two semifinal losers.
A total of 38 matches were played: 15 in each group, 4 quarterfinals, 2 semifinals, 1 bronze medal match, and 1 gold medal match.
Qualification.
"* The Asian Olympic qualification tournament and the World Olympic Qualification Tournament are combined into one event. The top 3 teams at the tournament will qualify as the medallists of the World Olympic Qualification Tournament while the best Asian team outside the top 3 will qualify as the Asian Olympic Qualification Tournament champion.
Preliminary round.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8).
Knockout stage.
The first four teams in each Preliminary Round pool advanced to the quarterfinals, eight teams in total. The format was as follows:<br>
A1 vs. B4 (first place in pool A vs. fourth place in pool B)<br>
B1 vs. A4<br>
A drawing of lots determined the pairings among A2/A3 and B2/B3. The purpose of this drawing was to prevent a second-place team in a pool from deliberately losing the last game in pool play in order to select an "easier" opponent (in the sense of matchups) in the quarterfinals.
Based on a drawing of lots after the group stage, the United States faced and defeated Italy, while China drew and won against Russia in their quarterfinal matches. The other quarterfinal match-ups were determined by the pool standings. Brazil (pool B winner) played Japan (pool A 4th place). Cuba (pool A winner) played play Serbia (pool B 4th place). Both top seeds went on to defeat their opponents 3–0, thus reaching the semifinals.
In the semifinals, Brazil defeated the host nation and defending champion China, while the United States defeated Cuba. Both semifinal matches were won 3–0.
In the final, Brazil, for the first time in the tournament, lost a set but was able to win the next two sets from the United States to claim the match and the gold medal.
In the third-place match, China defeated Cuba for the bronze medal.
All times are China Standard Time ().

</doc>
<doc id="18591715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591715" title="Cammy Bell">
Cammy Bell

Cameron "Cammy" Bell (born 18 September 1986) is a Scottish professional football player. Bell is a goalkeeper and currently plays for Scottish League One club Rangers. He has represented Scotland once, in 2010.
Club career.
Early years.
Bell was born in Dumfries and was on the books of local club Queen of the South as a youngster and was also part of the youth set up at Annan Athletic. Bell moved from Queens to Kilmarnock in 2002. In 2006, he extended his contract with Kilmarnock although he had not yet appeared for the first team.
Montrose and Queen of the South loans.
In the 2006–07 season Bell had a spell on loan at Montrose, getting a taste of first team football. Kilmarnock manager Jim Jefferies said in November 2007 that he was prepared to allow Bell to go out on loan once he had fully recovered from a cruciate injury. Bell recalled his cruciate injury affected his career after Kilmarnock's physio believes he might never play for the club.
In July 2008, Bell was loaned out by Kilmarnock to his home town club Queen of the South, having been in the Queens squad as a trialist for their two previous pre-season matches. Bell made his debut for Queens on 17 August 2008 at Palmerston Park in a 2–0 win against Partick Thistle. Bell retained his place to make his European debut in the second leg of the UEFA Cup second qualification round game against FC Nordsjaelland on 26 August. After the match against Livingston, which Queen of the South win 6-1 on 4 October 2008, Bell was in an incident moments later in a Dumfries bar, which results him an broken jaw, but managed to recover two weeks later. The last of his 15 league games for QoS, a 2–1 home defeat by Dunfermline Athletic, was on 13 December 2008. Bell soon suffered an back-injury after damaging discs in his back. After this, he returned to Kilmarnock. During his loan spell at both clubs, Bell says he injured his knee that he will never play football again.
Break through at Kilmarnock.
Bell made his debut for the club, on the final game of the season, in a 2-1 win over Motherwell. After the season, He signed a new one-year contract with the club, as his contract was set to expire this summer. After signing a new deal with Kilmarnock, manager Jim Jefferies hinted that Bell faced a battle in order to become a first choice goalkeeper. Bell played in the first two games of the 2009–10 season for Kilmarnock in place of injured first choice goalkeeper Alan Combe. When Mark Brown, who was brought in on loan to cover for Combe, returned to Celtic in January 2010, Bell became the established first choice goalkeeper for Kilmarnock replacing Combe who was injured for the best part of the 2009–10 season. A month after Brown returned to Celtic, Bell was in the squad when Kilmarnock beat Celtic 1-0 on 2 February 2010. After the match, newly manager Jimmy Calderwood praised Bell, describing his performance as 'fabulous'. At the end of the 2009-10 season, because he signed a new contract last season, his contract was extended automatically, due to making a certain number of starts, which he did.
Bell remained first pick for the start of the 2010–11 season with his performances attracting attention from Scotland manager Craig Levein. In November 2010, newly manager Mixu Paatelainen says he started negotiations a new contract for Bell. After two months negotiations, Bell signed a new long-term deal. Upon signing a contract, manager Paatelainen believes Bell should stay and remain as a first choice goalkeeper, rather move on, believing his career will greatly decline, having been linked with Aberdeen and Rangers. Soon after, Bell was left out of the line-up unexpectedly over dispute on a new deal, which appeared to be rejected by Bell and also lead a fallout between him and Paatelainen. The following month, the club soon make their last chance effort to keep Bell - with a new contract. Bell would then return to the line-up and would keep his place until the end of the season. Bell, himself, says he made amend with Paatelainen - right before he left and is prepared to sign a new deal. Despite the amend, Bell revealed that Paatelainen put him through by costing his place in the international team and wasn't treated fairly at the club.
At the end of the season, many clubs like St. Mirren and AaB. Eventually, under new manager Kenny Shiels, who previously Paatelainen's assistant manager, Shiels persuaded him to stay at the club by turning down a big money offer to South Africa Shiels persuasion's led Bell to sign a new deal, which kept him until 2013. Shortly signing a contract, Bell says he reject big money move because it wasn't finance and Shiels was delighted with his decision.
The next season, Bell played the first ten games before suffering an elbow injury in mid-October, which left him out for about a month during the international campaign with Scotland. While sidelined, Bell went to a specialist to have injections to end his injury. On 18 March, Bell played in the 2012 Scottish League Cup Final which Kilmarnock won after beating Celtic 1-0. Bell was awarded the Man of the Match award in the 2012 League Cup Final, pulling off several stunning saves. In a wake of Liam Kelly's father, who died of a heart attack when he saw his son attending the match, Bell thoughts says ""I would rather take a defeat than someone’s dad dying. You think about your own dad when that happens.”. A week after the victorious final, Bell was linked with a move to West Ham United after a stunning season at Kilmarnock
Early in the 2012–13 season, Bell suffered a wrist injury which will keep him out for ten weeks during a 2-1 loss against Motherwell. Following a surgery, Bell says he will be back in six weeks, instead of his original recovery. After two months on the sidelines, Bell made a return to training from injury. Week after making a recovery, Bell was in goal on 28 October 2012 when Kilmarnock made historic win at Celtic Park against Celtic. The victory was Kilmarnock's first win in the East End of Glasgow for 57 years. However, on his next appearance, Bell received a straight red card when he fouled an opposition player in the penalty box, which Inverness beat Kilmarnock 2-1. After the match, the club immediately appeal for his sending off, but his appeal was held, making him available for the next game. His transfer speculation continued until newspaper claims that Bell signed a five-year deal with Kilmarnock. However, in an unexpected turn of an event, Bell revealed he yet signed a contract with the club, having also revealed that he had talks to a number of different clubs. Bell was also linked with Ipswich Town, which was claimed by Shiels. However, it results a rift between Shiels and Mick McCarthy. Following Antonio Reguero pre-contract signing for Kilmarnock, confirming that Bell will leave Kilmarnock.
In a match against Hibernian on 5 May 2013, which the supporter died during the match, causing the match to be abandoned, Bell says:
Rangers.
On 7 April 2013, Bell signed a pre-contract with Rangers. Throughout the 2012–13 season, Bell had been linked with Rangers several times as his contract was due to expire at the end of the season. Bell, told Rangers official website that "It's been a long time coming for me. It's great just to be here at a club of this size and a club I always followed as a youngster. It's just a dream come true really." Upon the move, former goalkeeper Andy Goram said he believes Bell can be a success at the club and that it was also a perfect opportunity for him.
In January 2014, Manager Ally McCoist says he doesn't have regrets signing players in the summer, as Bell is among them.
2013-14 season.
Bell made his Rangers debut on 31 August 2013, against East Fife playing as a trialist as the club's new signings couldn't be registered until 1 September 2013, due to their transfer embargo. Bell have since established himself as a first choice goalkeeper.
International career.
Bell was first called up to the senior Scotland squad on 4 October 2010 for the European Championship qualifiers against Czech Republic and Spain after Matt Gilks dropped out through injury. He made his Scotland debut, as a substitute replacing Craig Gordon, against Faroe Islands on 16 November 2010 in a friendly at Pittodrie Stadium. He injured his arm during October 2011 in Spain after he saved from a David Goodwillie shot in training and later complained about pain. A scan showed he had damaged tendons. Bell was again called up to the Scotland squad for a friendly against Luxenbourg in November 2012, a just reward for his excellent performances with Kilmarnock.
Personal Life.
In 2014, Bell became a first time father after his partner gave birth to a baby girl. As a result of becoming a father, Bell missed a match against Forfar Athletic.

</doc>
<doc id="18591720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591720" title="47th Palma Light Infantry Regiment">
47th Palma Light Infantry Regiment

Created in Tortosa by the Royal Decree of 27 July 1877, with the designation 52nd Philippines Infantry Regiment, it was raised from the 44th Tarragona and 73rd Lorca Reserve Battalions, which constituted its first and second Battalions. The new Regiment stayed in Catalonia with detachments in Lleida, la Seu d'Urgell, Tremp, and Solsona. In July 1880, the First Battalion moved to Palma, stationed in Carmen Barracks, and the second to Mahón. During the same month, the latter joined its Staff in Palma. From the beginning the Regiment maintained detachments in Ibiza and Cabrera.
In 1944 Colors donated by the Most Excellent City Council of Palma were delivered to the Regiment. In April 1968 it was moved to General Asensio Base. Presently it includes a Command, a Staff, and the "Philippines" Light Infantry Battalion.
It participated, with attached units, in peacekeeping operations in Bosnia, Kosovo, and Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="18591729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591729" title="Madani High School">
Madani High School

Madani Schools Federation is a Muslim secondary school in Leicester, England. Based in the Evington district, Madani High caters for the city's Muslim population, with 300 places for boys and girls each. The building itself, designed by Leicester firm Pick Everard, is state-of-the-art with an Islamic design including an Arabic-style courtyard. There is also an associated community centre and madrassa.
The school has received much press attention as a Muslim secondary school where it is held up as a model for faith schools. Conversely, there has been controversy when it was announced that non-Muslim girls would be forced to wear the hijab. The school also attracted controversy after backtracking on earlier commitments that it would take 10% of its intake from a non-Muslim background. The Headteacher now states that this will only happen once demand from the Muslim community is met. This is in part because in its first year the school received no applications from non-Muslim families. The school has also won architectural awards including the Community Benefit award in the regional finals of the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors awards in May 2008 and will compete in the international finals in the autumn. It is the first state funded Muslim school in the East-Midlands, as 90% of the £18m came from the government, with the Muslim community in Leicester raising the rest.

</doc>
<doc id="18591747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591747" title="Breathe (Kaz James song)">
Breathe (Kaz James song)

"Breathe" is a 2008 pop-dance song by Kaz James featuring Stu Stone. It is the first solo release by James, who is a former member of the group BodyRockers. The song was later included on James' debut album "If They Knew", which was released in Australia and New Zealand in October 2008. The song peaked at #57 on the ARIA Singles Chart.
Music video.
The music video for "Breathe" was directed by an Australian filmmaker Fred Schepisi and cinematographer Ian Baker. The video was filmed in Melbourne, Australia.
Track listings.
6. "Breathe (Heat Remix)" - 5:14

</doc>
<doc id="18591755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591755" title="R(89)12">
R(89)12

The Council of Europe adopted a recommendation on prison education on October 13, 1989, at the 429th meeting of the Ministers Deputies under the terms of article 15.b of the Statutes of the Council of Europe. The Recommendation on Education in Prison is written in a 54 pages memorandum. The essence of the memorandum is given as 17 recommendations, that forms the basis for European education in Prisons.
The recommendations led to the formation of the European Prison Education Association, EPEA.
Recommendation R(89) 12.
'"COUNCIL OF EUROPE
RECOMMENDATION No. R(89)12 
OF THE COMMITTEE OF MINISTERS TO MEMBER STATES 
ON EDUCATION IN PRISON"' 
The Committee of Ministers, under the terms of Article 15.b of the Statute of the Council of Europe - 
Having regard to Recommendation No. R(87)3 on the European Prison Rules and Recommendation No. R(81)17 on Adult Education Policy, 
- recommends the governments of member States to implement policies which recognise the following:
1) All prisoners shall have access to education, which is envisaged as consisting of classroom subjects, vocational education, creative and cultural activities, physical education and sports, social education and library facilities;
2) Education for prisoners should be like the education provided for similar age groups in the outside world, and the range of learning opportunities for prisoners should be as wide as possible; 
3) Education in prison shall aim to develop the whole person bearing in mind his or her social, economic and cultural context;
4) All those involved in the administration of the prison system and the management of prisons should facilitate and support education as much as possible;
5) Education should have no less a status than work within the prison regime and prisoners should not lose out financially or otherwise by taking part in education;
6) Every effort should be made to encourage the prisoner to participate actively in all aspects of education;
7) Development programmes should be provided to ensure that prison educators adopt appropriate adult education methods;
8) Special attention should be given to those prisoners with particular difficulties and especially those with reading or writing problems;
9) Vocational education should aim at the wider development of the individual, as well as being sensitive to trends in the labour market;
10) Prisoners should have direct access to a well-stocked library at least once per week;
11) Physical education and sports for prisoners should be emphasised and encouraged;
12) Creative and cultural activities should be given a significant role because these activities have particular potential to enable prisoners to develop and express themselves;
13) Social education should include practical elements that enable the prisoner to manage daily life within the prison, with a view to facilitating the return to society;
14) Wherever possible, prisoners should be allowed to participate in education outside prison;
15) Where education has to take place within the prison, the outside community should be involved as fully as possible;
16) Measures should be taken to enable prisoners to continue their education after release;
17) The funds, equipment and teaching staff needed to enable prisoners to receive appropriate education should be made available.

</doc>
<doc id="18591758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591758" title="Bonguk geom">
Bonguk geom

The Korean word Bonguk geom refers to both a sword and a sword skill which are said to have originated from the sword skills of the Hwarang from the Silla Dynasty. This is why the sword is also called "Silla sword" or "singeom" (신검). The term "bonguk geom" literally means 'national sword'.
By including this skill in the Muyesinbo the Joseon warriors stressed the independent valor of Korean swordsmen. They do this by telling the story of "Hwangchang", a boy from Silla, who killed Baekje's king while performing a sword dance, geommu, at the court. After that, peasants of Silla were sad for the boy and started to imitate the boy. That's what said the folktale, even though there is no historical evidence of a king assassinated by a boy, and Muyedobotongji said it is a newly made sword dance.
Technique.
The skill especially stressed the independent valor of Korean swordsmen. It was originated from the sword skills of the Hwarang, the elite paramilitary organization of the Silla Dynasty, hence its other name, "Silla sword," or "sin-gum." Double‐edged swords were presumably used at early stages but the skill had been rearranged to use single‐edged swords by the time it was included in Sibpalki, the 18 essential skills.
Construction.
The sword in earlier times bore close resemblance to the double-edged sword of Eastern Han, but the sword and the techniques were later adapted to use single-edged swords by the time the "Muyesinbo" was written.
Modern Bonguk geom.
The name "bonguk geom" is now widely adapted by contemporary Korean sword styles, like Haidong Gumdo, to give expression to the presumably Korean roots of their art. And doesn't necessarily have a direct connection with the "bonguk geom" techniques of the Joseon period or even the Sill Dynasty. It is in more traditional styles like Sippalgi that the "bonguk geom" skills of the "Muyesinbo" and Muyedobotongji are preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="18591783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591783" title="European Social Survey">
European Social Survey

The European Social Survey (ESS) is a social scientific endeavour to map the attitudes, beliefs and behaviour patterns of the various populations in Europe.
History.
The ESS was initiated by the European Science Foundation. One of the reasons to start this new time series of social scientific data was that existing cross-national attitude surveys were regarded as not of sufficient methodological rigour to draw on as reliable sources for knowledge about changes over time in Europe. Starting in 2002 the survey has been held every two years in many European countries, with round 4 (2008) covering more than 30 nations.
Modules.
The questionnaires consist of a core module, which is repeated each round. In addition to the core module each round contains rotating modules on specific themes.
The core module covers the following topics:
The various rounds of the ESS contained the following rotating modules:
Round 1 (2002) 
Round 2 (2004)
Round 3 (2006)
Round 4 (2008)
Round 5 (2010)
Prize.
In 2005 the ESS was the winner of the Descartes Prize, an annual European science award.

</doc>
<doc id="18591791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591791" title="Christopher Duffy">
Christopher Duffy

Christopher Duffy (born 1936) is a British military historian. Duffy read history at Balliol College, Oxford, where he graduated in 1961 with the DPhil. Afterwards, he taught military history at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst and the college of the British General Staff. He was secretary-general of the British Commission for Military History and vice-president of the Military History Society of Ireland. From 1996 to 2001, he was research professor at the De Montfort University, Leicester. He currently works as a freelance author.
Duffy's special interest is the military history of the European modern age, in particular the history of the German, Prussian, and Austrian armed forces. He has written two books on the Jacobite Rising in Scotland in 1745. He is most famous for his writings about Frederick the Great and the Seven Years' War. Duffy is fluent in six languages and has published some twenty books about military history topics, several of which have been translated into German.

</doc>
<doc id="18591797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591797" title="Cladich">
Cladich

Cladich () is a scattered settlement in Argyll, Scotland.
Cladich lies on the B840 road just to the west of its junction with the main A819.

</doc>
<doc id="18591814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591814" title="Horní Hoštice (Javorník)">
Horní Hoštice (Javorník)

Horní Hoštice () is a small village located in the foothills of Rychlebské Hory ("Reichensteiner Gebirges" in German) in the Olomouc Region in Czech Republic. Today, the village is a part of town Javorník.
History.
According to "Statistik des Deutschen Reichs, Band 450; Teil II - Sudetendeutsche Gebiete und Memelland" Horní Hoštice had 394 inhabitants in 1930 and 375 in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="18591829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591829" title="Society Against Violence in Education">
Society Against Violence in Education

Society Against Violence in Education (SAVE) is a non profit organization working against violations of human rights in the name of ragging in India.
SAVE is possibly the only registered Anti Ragging NGO in India, till May, 2008.
It is mainly composed of young professionals and students from various fields
Formation.
Ragging has been taking a huge toll of innocent lives and careers for long. But there had been no single civil movement against the evil of ragging. There were websites and online groups, from where some conscientious youths gave birth to a non profit organization, which later came to fame in the name of the "No Ragging Foundation". Later, the No Ragging Foundation was registered as the Society Against Violence in Education (SAVE).
Principle.
SAVE is against any kind of ragging. They are open to healthy & humane interactions between the seniors & juniors.
Objectives.
Create a strong public mandate against ragging.
Device alternative but healthy and humane modes of interaction between seniors & juniors.
Unite the isolated protests against ragging under the umbrella of a strong, united movement.
Involve the authorities, faculties, students and others in the anti ragging drives.
Activities.
They spread the awareness against ragging and provide support to the victims. They also promote healthy and humane modes of interactions between the seniors and the juniors. They promote anti-ragging campus units, involving students, class and faculty members.

</doc>
<doc id="18591837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591837" title=".400 H&amp;H Magnum">
.400 H&amp;H Magnum

The .400 H&H Magnum also known as the .400 Holland & Holland Belted Rimless or the .400 Holland and Holland Magnum is a .411 caliber belted rimless bottlenecked cartridge introduced in 2003 by Holland & Holland together with the .465 H&H Magnum in 2003. It is based on the .375 H&H Magnum case.
General Information.
The cartridge owes its development to hunters requesting Holland and Holland to develop a cartridge which would have increased power over the .375 H&H Magnum. The project was undertaken by Russell Wilkin, the technical director for Holland & Holland. The result was two cartridges: the .400 H&H Magnum and the .465 H&H magnum. The cartridge was launched in 2003 to the public in 2003 in the UK and Europe and became available in North America in 2008. It follows in a long line of illustrious big bore cartridges introduced by Holland & Holland, the last of which was the .700 Nitro Express.
The .400 H&H Magnum is a modern rifle cartridge designed for the hunting large and dangerous game animals. The cartridge would be legal in countries which require a .400 minimum caliber for the hunting of dangerous game. It was engineered to provide dependable reliability in a tropical environment. The gradual tapering and moderate shoulder of the cartridge provides for reliable feeding and extraction of the cartridge. 
Specifications of interest to reloaders include a standard magnum rim diameter of .532". Overall case length is 2.85" (the same as the .375 case), and the cartridge overall length is 3.50". Bullet diameter is .411" and factory loaded bullets are to be supplied by Woodleigh of Australia. These will be the same 400 grain Premium solid and Weldcore soft point bullets sold to reloaders and used in .450/400 NE factory loads. In addition, Hornady offers a 300 grain .411" Interlock bullet to reloaders. This bullet is intended for the .405 Winchester, and with moderate reloads it should be quite suitable for North American CXP3 game in the .400 H&H. And one could probably use .410" jacketed pistol bullets intended for the .41 Magnum revolver cartridge for low velocity, low recoil practice loads.
Performance.
The .400 H&H Magnum is in the same class as the .416 Rigby and the .416 Remington Magnum with the arguably slight advantage of better sectional density given bullet of equal weight. The typical bullet will have a sectional density of .338 for the .400 H&H Magnum vs. .330 for the .416 caliber cartridges. The .400 H&H Magnum shares the same caliber with several .400 cartridges from the turn of the 20th century such as the .400 Jeffery Nitro Express, the 405 Winchester and the series of .450/400 cartridges.
Brass stock is available from Quality Cartridge. As of 2012 Holland & Holland and Mauser produce rifles of this caliber in Europe and Dakota Arms is the sole manufacturer of this rifle in the United States. Dakota Arms custom manufactures this caliber in their Model 97 Safari series. Bullets are available from different manufacturers such as Barnes, Hornady, Woodleigh and Kynoch.In 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18591851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591851" title="John Buckler">
John Buckler

John Buckler, Snr (30 November 1770 – 6 December 1851) was a British artist and occasional architect who is best remembered for his many drawings of churches and other historic buildings, recording much that has since been altered or destroyed.
Buckler was born in Calbourne, Isle of Wight. At the age of 15 he became clerk to the steward of Magdalen College, Oxford and began a lifelong involvement in the management of the college's London estates. After several years working on plans for new buildings, around 1801 he became bailiff and collector of rents for Magdalen College in Freeman's Court, London, and in Southwark, and held this post until his retirement in 1849. The work for the college allowed him ample free time, and he also practised as an architect until 1830, designing buildings such as Halkyn Castle, Flint (1822–27) for Robert Grosvenor, 2nd Earl Grosvenor (later created Marquess of Westminster) the tower of the church in Theale, Berkshire (1827–28). Glastonbury Priory, also called Abbey House, Somerset (1829–30) for J.F. Reeves, and Poll Park, Denbighshire (c. 1828), for William Bagot, 2nd Baron Bagot, "an early essay in the half-timbered style", according to Howard Colvin, who suggested that Buckler had a hand in the Gothic remodelling of Blithfield Hall, Staffordshire, for Lord Bagot, 1822–23.
Buckler's interest in art developed over time, and his first published works were two aquatints of Magdalen College in 1797. He followed these in 1799 with an engraving of Lincoln Cathedral; the first in a series which included all the cathedrals in England by 1814, as well as many of the collegiate and parish churches. Shortly after 1800 he was commissioned by Richard Colt Hoare of Stourhead to produce ten volumes of drawings of churches and other historic buildings in Wiltshire, and Buckler's grandson described this commission as "deciding his brains for antiquarian pursuits". It was followed by similar commissions from other antiquarians, such as William Salt of Staffordshire, and by the end of his life, by his own account, Buckler had produced around 13,000 drawings of buildings. Many of the buildings Buckler drew had not been previously recorded, and many have since been demolished or substantially altered, so his work is now a valuable source of information on British architectural history. His work was exhibited at the Royal Academy every year from 1798 until 1849, and he became a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1810.
John Buckler died in Newington, London, in 1851, two years after his retirement. Forty-two volumes of his sketches are now held by the British Library; other places holding collections of his work include the Devizes Museum in Wiltshire, Taunton Museum, the William Salt Library in Stafford and the Bodleian Library in Oxford.
His eldest son, John Chessell Buckler (1793–1894), also an architect and artist, wrote several illustrated books on the history of British architecture, and his youngest son, George Buckler (1811–1886), practised as an architect as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18591853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591853" title="Rail transport in Mongolia">
Rail transport in Mongolia

Rail transport in Mongolia is an important means of travel in the landlocked nation with few paved roads. According to official statistics, rail transport carried 93% of Mongolian freight and 43% of passenger turnover in 2007. The Mongolian rail system employs 12,500 people. The national operator is UBTZ (Ulaanbataar Railway, ), traditionally also known as Mongolian Railway (MTZ, ). The Mongolian Railway College is located in Ulaanbataar. 
Routes.
The Trans-Mongolian Railway connects the Trans-Siberian Railway from Ulan Ude in Russia to Erenhot and Beijing in China through the capital Ulan Bator. The Mongolian section of this line runs for . The Trans-Mongolian Railway runs through Mongolia on Russian gauge track, changing to standard gauge track after entering China. There are several spur lines: to the copper combine in Erdenet, to coal mines in Sharyngol, Nalaikh and Baganuur, to the flourspar mine in Bor-Öndör and to the former Soviet military base in Züünbayan.
A separate railway line exists in the east of the country between Choibalsan and the Trans-Siberian at Borzya; however, that line is closed to passengers beyond the Mongolian town of Chuluunkhoroot. This line used to have a spur line to the uranium mine at Mardai, however this spur line was torn up and sold in the late 1990s/ early 2000s.
For domestic transport, daily trains run from Ulaanbaatar to Darkhan, Sukhbaatar, and Erdenet, as well as Zamyn-Üüd, Choir and Sainshand. Mongolia uses the (Russian gauge) with a total system length of .
Rolling stock.
As Mongolia's railroads are not electrified, UBTZ relies entirely on Diesel traction. Most common locomotives are M62 variants, including five rebuilt 2Zagal () double engines. Other engines include TEM2 and TE116 variants, DASH-7 and one Evolution locomotive on lease from GE. In October 2010, Ulaanbaatar Railway ordered 35 2TE116UM diesel freight locomotives from Transmash.

</doc>
<doc id="18591857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591857" title="2008 Kunming bus bombings">
2008 Kunming bus bombings

The 2008 Kunming bus bombings occurred on 21 July 2008 when explosions aboard two public buses in downtown Kunming, the capital of southwest China's Yunnan province, killed two people. The explosions were deliberate, according to police. The attacks occurred amid heightened tensions due to the Beijing Olympics. China later said the explosions were "not an act of terrorism".
Details.
The blasts occurred about an hour apart during morning rush hour traffic in downtown Kunming, the city's police department said in a statement. The first blast occurred at about 7:00 am (2300 GMT Sunday) when the vehicle was at a bus stop, killing one woman and injuring 10 other people, the statement from Kunming police said. "The glass on both sides of the vehicle was all shattered and some of the seats were warped," it said. The second blast came about an hour later on the same road and killed one man, injuring four others, according to the statement.
Footage broadcast on state-run television showed a large hole blown in the side of one of the buses and extensive damage to its interior. Photos posted on the Yunnan Daily website showed one of the vehicle's windows blown out by the blast and shattered glass on the road.
Following the blasts, police cordoned off some streets in the area and carried out identity checks in a search for any "suspicious" persons, the Yunnan Public Security Bureau said in a statement.
Responsibility.
On 26 July 2008, an alleged video of a group calling itself the Turkestan Islamic Party, claimed to have carried out bomb attacks on the buses in Kunming, along with an attack in May 2008 in Shanghai. The Washington-based IntelCenter, which monitors terrorism communications, claimed the group released a video entitled "Our Blessed Jihad in Yunnan". In it, the group's leader, Commander Seyfullah, claimed credit for several attacks and threatened this month's Olympics. "Despite the Turkestan Islamic Party's repeated warnings to China and international community about stopping the 29th Olympics in Beijing, the Chinese have haughtily ignored our warnings," IntelCenter quoted him as saying. "The Turkestan Islamic Party volunteers who had gone through special preparations have started urgent actions."
However, China's foreign ministry said that it examined IntelCenter's claims and dismissed the claims, concluding that the group was not behind the attack. 
Security is tight ahead of the Beijing Olympics, and security personnel have trained for many terrorist attack scenarios, and anti-aircraft missiles has been positioned outside the Bird's Nest Stadium and the Olympic Village.
After a premature bombing of Salvador's Cafe (a popular cafe and restaurant amongst expats) on Christmas Eve that year failed to kill anyone but injured the bomber, Police interrogated the man responsible, Li Yan, and determined that he was also behind the bus bombings over the summer. The bomber died of his injuries.

</doc>
<doc id="18591868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591868" title="Alexander Dabravolski">
Alexander Dabravolski

Alexander Alherdavich Dabravolski (; born November 23, 1958 in Sula, Minsk Voblast, Byelorussian SSR) is a Belarusian politician, lawyer, and radio physicist.
He helped founded the United Democratic Party of Belarus (UDPB) and became involved in the opposition, serving as the Vice-Chairman of United Civil Party (UCP) from 1995 to 2006. He is currently the Director of the East European School of Political Studies and a member of the Political Council of the United Civil Party.
Education and family.
Dabravolski attended Belarusian State University. In 1982, he graduated from the Radio Physical Department, and in 1995 he graduated from the Department of Law. 
His wife is a teacher and his son and daughter are both students.
Career.
He worked as an engineer-designer and a scientific fellow from 1982 to 1989 before he was elected as a MP of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR to represent the Minsk territorial district in 1989. He spent time working in the Committee on Industry before serving as Vice-Chairman in the Committee on Human Rights and Freedoms.
In the First Congress of People's Deputies of the USSR, he became a member of the Inter-regional Deputy Group – the first democratic parliamentary opposition in the USSR where he worked with Andrei Sakharov, Boris Yeltsin, Anatoly Sobchak, and Vasil Bykov. He was one of the founders of the United Democratic Party of Belarus (UDPB), established in 1990. The UDPB was the first opposition political party registered in Belarus.
From 1991 to 1995, he was the Chairman of the UDPB. In 1995, the UDPB merged with the Civil Party, forming the United Civil Party (UCP). He was soon elected as Vice-Chairman of the UCP. He served as the Deputy Director of the Independent Institute of Socio-Economic and Political Studies during this time from 1992 to 1995.
In the same year the elections to the Supreme Council of Belarus were held, the UCP created a parliamentary faction called "Civil action". Alexander Dabravolski was elected as a MP of the Supreme Council and headed the Subcommittee on Mass Media. In 1996 he was a representative of an MP group in the Constitutional Court for the impeachment of President Alexander Lukashenko.
In 2001, he was the Deputy Chairman of Headquarters of the United Opposition Single Candidate for President Vladimir Goncharik. In 2006, he was again Deputy Chairman of Headquarters of United Opposition Single Candidate for President Alexander Milinkevich.
From 2007 to 2008, he was a member of the Presidium of Political Council of the United Democratic Forces of Belarus. In 2007, he was elected Chairman of the Board. He has been the Director of East European School of Political Studies (Project of Council of Europe) since 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18591885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591885" title="Power Jets">
Power Jets

Power Jets Ltd was a United Kingdom company set up by Frank Whittle for the purpose of designing and manufacturing jet engines. The company was nationalized in 1944, and evolved into the National Gas Turbine Establishment.
History.
Founded on January 27, 1936, the company consisted of Whittle, Rolf Dudley-Williams, James Collingwood Tinling, and Lancelot Law Whyte of investment bankers O T Falk & Partners.
Initial premises were hired from British Thomson-Houston (BTH) at Rugby, Warwickshire. In addition to the founder members, the company initially 'borrowed' some fitters from BTH to assist in the project and later Power Jets was able to get 'one or two' people on loan from the Royal Air Force. By the beginning of 1940 the company had a total workforce of about twenty five.
The Power Jets WU design was the first turbojet to run, being first tested on April 12, 1937, and the Power Jets W.1 powered the Gloster E.28/39, the first jet aircraft to fly in the United Kingdom. The W.1 was also the first jet engine built in the United States where, as the General Electric I-A, it powered the Bell P-59A Airacomet. The Power Jets W.2 was intended to be produced by Rover, but because of delays was later transferred to Rolls-Royce where it entered production as the Welland, powering early versions of the Gloster Meteor.
A version of the Power Jets W.2/700 was intended for the supersonic Miles M.52 research aircraft, but the aircraft was never completed. The M.52 version of the W.2/700 was one of the first engines designed with a reheat jetpipe, i.e., an afterburner.
On 28 March 1944, after discussions with the Air Ministry, Whittle reluctantly agreed to the nationalisation of Power Jets Ltd. for £135,000, and the company became Power Jets (Research and Development) Ltd.
After the Second World War the company was merged with the Turbine Division of the Royal Aircraft Establishment (RAE) at Farnborough, to form the National Gas Turbine Establishment (NGTE Pyestock).

</doc>
<doc id="18591897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591897" title="Detonator (Thorpe Park)">
Detonator (Thorpe Park)

Detonator is a tower ride at Thorpe Park in Chertsey, Surrey, England, UK. It was manufactured by Fabbri and is a 'Mega Drop Tower'. It opened in 2001 along with two other 'flat' rides, Vortex and Zodiac. It is around and is not released via a computer. The ride operator at the bottom has a button which he/she can press to make the car go at any time once the car has reached the top. Once released, the car is fired downwards by pneumatics rather than simply falling under gravity,
the ride reaches a speed of 46 mph at the base of the drop, giving the impression of weightlessness for riders. For the 2011 season on ride photos were added.
The ride was originally planned to be placed where Zodiac currently sits but was moved after Wicked Witches Haunt burned down hence the lost city theming seen on other rides such as Vortex & Zodiac. When Nemesis Inferno opened, the queue line was altered.
History.
In July 2000 Thorpe Park's Wicked Witches Haunt and part of Mr Rabbit's Tropical Travels were destroyed in a fire. Although Mr Rabbit's Tropical Travels was recovered and reopened later in the year Wicked Witches Haunt was destroyed beyond repair. This left a vast open space in the park to which they decided until a later development applied for temporary planning permission for a Fabbri Mega-Drop. 
In 2001 Detonator opened as the parks tallest ride at 115 feet in replacement of Wicked Witches Haunt. The ride's success meant the park applied for extended planning permission meaning that to this day the ride remains. In 2007 the ride opened with a new theme tune after the park decided it was no longer plausible to pay royalties for the original sound track.
Theming.
Detonator's theme is based around a pirate adventure seeking great treasure and in doing so need to detonate a large quantity of explosives, hence the name Detonator. Around the ride are several 'cannons' to give off the explosive atmosphere.
Fright Nights.
Detonator audio track at Fright Nights: Whilst going up the lift hill a music box is playing, slowly running out of energy until a bolt of lightning strikes. Once the rider is at the top, a young child sings "Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall, Humpty Dumpty had a great fall". A scream is then heard as the gondola plummets back down to the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="18591919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591919" title="Perzinfotel">
Perzinfotel

Perzinfotel (EAA-090) is a drug which acts as a potent NMDA antagonist. It has neuroprotective effects and has been investigated for the treatment of stroke, but lacks analgesic effects. Nevertheless it shows a good safety profile compared to older drugs, and further research is ongoing. 

</doc>
<doc id="18591942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591942" title="Norman Gregg">
Norman Gregg

Sir Norman McAlister Gregg, MC (7 March 1892 – 27 July 1966) was an Australian ophthalmologist, who discovered that rubella suffered by a pregnant woman could cause birth defects in her child (congenital rubella syndrome).
Early life and education.
Gregg was born on 7 March 1892 in Burwood, a suburb of Sydney. He was educated at Homebush and Sydney Grammar School, and then studied medicine at the University of Sydney, graduating with a Bachelor of Medicine and Surgery and first-class honours in 1915.
During his education, Gregg was an active and capable sportsman, playing cricket, tennis, baseball, swimming and ice hockey at university. From 1913 to 1914, he represented New South Wales in cricket three times, and once in tennis. Had it not been for the outbreak of World War I, Gregg would have qualified for the Australian Davis Cup team.
Military career.
After completing his medical degree, Gregg travelled to England, where he was commissioned as a temporary lieutenant in the Royal Army Medical Corps of the British Army on 23 March 1915. He served on the Western Front during World War I attached to the East Yorkshire Regiment's 17th Battalion, and later with the 52nd Field Ambulance. Promoted temporary captain on 23 March 1916, he was an acting major for just over a month in 1919, was wounded in the field, and was awarded the Military Cross for gallantry on 24 September 1918. He left the army on 7 March 1920, retaining the rank of captain.
The citation for his MC read:
Medical career.
Returning to Australia, Gregg was appointed resident medical officer at Sydney's Royal Prince Alfred Hospital (RPA). He returned to England to study ophthalmology, gaining a diploma of ophthalmic medicine and surgery after training at Moorfields Eye Hospital and Royal Westminster Ophthalmic Hospital in London, and the Birmingham and Midland Counties Eye Hospital.
Gregg returned to Sydney, where he set up a practice in 1923. That same year he was appointed ophthalmic surgeon at RPA, and the same post at the Royal Alexandra Hospital for Children from 1925. In 1950 he was made a consultant at the Royal Alexandra, and in 1952 at the RPA.
Congenital rubella syndrome.
When World War II began, Gregg was a paediatric ophthalmologist, at a time when most doctors had joined the army and he was one of few eye doctors in Sydney. Gregg noticed a high incidence of congenital cataracts in infants arriving at his surgery – two to three times the normal rate that would be expected from hereditary factors. He overheard a conversation between several mothers whose babies had cataracts, in which they mentioned that they had suffered from German measles (rubella) during pregnancy. Investigating the medical records of children with similar conditions, Gregg discovered that out of 78 affected children, 68 had been exposed to rubella "in utero". There had been an outbreak of rubella and meningitis in Australian army camps in 1941, which had been transmitted to the wider community when the men returned to their families.
On 15 October 1941, Gregg delivered a paper, "Congenital Cataract following German Measles in the Mother", to the Ophthalmological Society of Australia in Melbourne which published it in its journal, "Transactions". Following press coverage of his paper, Gregg was contacted by two mothers who had contracted rubella, and whose children suffered from deafness, and he subsequently issued a further paper detailing "Further Observations on Congenital Defects in Infants following Maternal Rubella".
Whilst Gregg's findings were met with praise in Australia, internationally his peers were not so convinced. British medical journal "The Lancet" wrote that he had failed to adequately prove his case, and it was not until Professor Oliver Lancaster of the University of Sydney proved the association between the rubella virus and congenital syndromes in infants was significant, that his research was accepted around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18591970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591970" title="Amosulalol">
Amosulalol

Amosulalol (INN) is a beta blocker.

</doc>
<doc id="18591990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591990" title="2008–09 1. FFC Turbine Potsdam season">
2008–09 1. FFC Turbine Potsdam season

For the 2008–09 season, the 1. FFC Turbine Potsdam are participating in the German women's Bundesliga. It is their 16th season in Germany's major league in women's football.
The club won their third German championship title after the German re-unification and their ninth championship title overall. They were equal on points with runners-up Bayern Munich but had a better goal difference. Turbine also won the Indoor Cup for the fourth time. However, they lost the cup final to FCR 2001 Duisburg.
Transfers.
The club made only a few transfers during the summer. Aferdita Kameraj returned to Hamburg due to personal reasons. He was joined by backup goalkeeper Jennifer Werth. Viola Odebrecht, a graduate from Turbine's academy, returned to the club from SC 07 Bad Neuenahr.
Results.
Indoor cup.
The 2009 edition was played in Magdeburg.

</doc>
<doc id="18591991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591991" title="Fujairah power and desalination plant">
Fujairah power and desalination plant

Fujairah power and desalination plant is a hybrid plant at Qidfa', Fujairah in the United Arab Emirates. It is located next to the Qidfa Power Station south of Khor Fakkan and north of the city of Fujairah. When constructed, the Fujairah plant was the first hybrid plant in the Middle East, and the largest desalination hybrid plant in the world.
History.
A construction contract was awarded to Doosan Heavy Industries & Construction Company in June 2001 and the contract was signed in June 2002. In August 2001, a contract for the transmission systems was awarded to a joint venture of Al Jaber Energy Services and Technip. The first few liters of potable water were produced in April 2004. Total construction costs of the project were US$1.2 billion
Technical description.
The Fujairah plant has an installed power capacity of 760 MW and it produces of water. It is a natural gas-fired plant supplied from the Dolphin Gas Project through the Al Ain-Fujairah pipeline. Its annual consumption is of natural gas. Its power generating side consists of four gas turbines, two heat recovery steam generators and two steam turbines in a combined cycle configuration. 120 MW of capacity is used for the water desalination process and 36 MW accounted for the transmission lost, leaving 500 MW of capacity for supplies to the grid through a long double circuit 400 kV transmission line.
For the water desalination, the Fujairah plant uses a combination of two different desalination technologies. of water is produced using multi-stage flash distillation (MSF) technology and of water is produced using reverse osmosis technology (RO). The water production system consists of five MSF units producing of water each and one RO unit. Potable water is stored in five tanks, each. The water output is pumped to Sweihan through a dual pipeline with an spur to Al Dhaid in Sharjah.
Operating company.
The plant was originally owned by the Union Water and Electricity Company (UWEC), established in June 2001 as a government owned company through the Abu Dhabi Water and Electricity Authority (ADWEA). The plant was operated and maintained by Sogex Oman under agreement with UWEC. In 2006, 40% stake in UWEC was sold to Singapore-based Sembcorp Utilities and SembCorp took over the plant's operating activities. After privatization the company was renamed Emirates SembCorp Water and Power Company.
Future expansion.
According to the privatization agreement, the power capacity of the Fujairah plant would be expanded by 225 MW and water production would be expanded by of water per day.

</doc>
<doc id="18591996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18591996" title="Boycott">
Boycott

A boycott is an act of voluntarily abstaining from using, buying, or dealing with a person, organization, or country as an expression of protest, usually for social or political reasons. Sometimes, it can be a form of consumer activism.
Etymology.
The word "boycott" entered the English language during the Irish "Land War" and is eponymously derived from the name of Captain Charles Boycott, the land agent of an absentee landlord, Lord Erne, who lived in Lough Mask House, near Ballinrobe in County Mayo, Ireland, who was subject to social ostracism organized by the Irish Land League in 1880. As harvests had been poor that year, Lord Erne offered his tenants a ten percent reduction in their rents. In September of that year, protesting tenants demanded a twenty five percent reduction, which Lord Erne refused. Boycott then attempted to evict eleven tenants from the land. Charles Stewart Parnell, in a speech in Ennis prior to the events in Lough Mask, proposed that when dealing with tenants who take farms where another tenant was evicted, rather than resorting to violence, everyone in the locality should shun them. While Parnell's speech did not refer to land agents or landlords, the tactic was first applied to Boycott when the alarm was raised about the evictions. Despite the short-term economic hardship to those undertaking this action, Boycott soon found himself isolated — his workers stopped work in the fields and stables, as well as in his house. Local businessmen stopped trading with him, and the local postman refused to deliver mail.
The concerted action taken against him meant that Boycott was unable to hire anyone to harvest the crops in his charge. Eventually 50 Orangemen from Cavan and Monaghan volunteered to do the work. They were escorted to and from Claremorris by one thousand policemen and soldiers, despite the fact that the local Land League leaders had said that there would be no violence from them, and in fact no violence materialized. This protection ended up costing far more than the harvest was worth. After the harvest, the "boycott" was successfully continued. Within weeks Boycott's name was everywhere. It was used by "The Times" in November 1880 as a term for organized isolation. According to an account in the book “The Fall of Feudalism in Ireland” by Michael Davitt, the term was promoted by Fr. John O'Malley of County Mayo to "signify ostracism applied to a landlord or agent like Boycott". "The Times" first reported on November 20, 1880: “The people of New Pallas have resolved to 'boycott' them and refused to supply them with food or drink.” The "Daily News" wrote on December 13, 1880: “Already the stoutest-hearted are yielding on every side to the dread of being 'Boycotted'.” By January of the following year, the word was being used figuratively: "Dame Nature arose... She 'Boycotted' London from Kew to Mile End" (The Spectator, January 22, 1881).
Girlcott is a neologism that combines "girl" and "boycott" to focus on strictly female boycotts. The term was coined in 1968 by American track star Lacey O'Neal during the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, in the context of protests by male African American athletes. Speaking for black women athletes, she advised that the group would not "girlcott" the Olympic Games, because female athletes were still focused on being recognized. It also appeared in "Time" magazine in 1970, and was later used by retired tennis player Billie Jean King in reference to Wimbledon, to emphasize her argument regarding equal pay for women players.
The term girlcott was revived in 2005 by a group of young women in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania protesting what they deemed sexist and degrading T-shirt slogans on Abercrombie & Fitch merchandise.
Notable boycotts.
Although the term itself was not coined until 1880, the practice dates back to at least 1830, when the National Negro Convention encouraged a boycott of slave-produced goods. Other instances of boycotts are their use by African Americans during the US civil rights movement (notably the Montgomery Bus Boycott); the United Farm Workers union grape and lettuce boycotts; the American boycott of British goods at the time of the American Revolution; the Chinese boycott of American products to protest the extension of the Chinese Exclusion Act in 1902; the Indian boycott of British goods organized by Mohandas Gandhi; the successful Jewish boycott organised against Henry Ford in the USA, in the 1920s; the boycott of Japanese products in China after the May Fourth Movement; the Jewish anti-Nazi boycott of German goods in Lithuania, the USA, Britain and Poland during 1933; the antisemitic boycott of Jewish-owned businesses in Nazi Germany during the 1930s and the Arab League boycott of Israel and companies trading with Israel. During the 1973 oil crisis, the Arab countries enacted a crude oil embargo against the West. Other examples include the US-led boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, the Soviet-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, and the movement that advocated "disinvestment" in South Africa during the 1980s in opposition to that country's apartheid regime. The first Olympic boycott was in the 1956 Summer Olympics with several countries boycotting the games for different reasons. Iran also has an informal Olympic boycott against participating against Israel, and Iranian athletes typically bow out or claim injuries when pitted against Israelis (see Arash Miresmaeili).
Application and uses.
A boycott is normally considered a one-time affair designed to correct an outstanding single wrong. When extended for a long period of time, or as part of an overall program of awareness-raising or reforms to laws or regimes, a boycott is part of moral purchasing, and those economic or political terms are to be preferred.
Most organized consumer boycotts today are focused on long-term change of buying habits, and so fit into part of a larger political program, with many techniques that require a longer structural commitment, e.g. reform to commodity markets, or government commitment to moral purchasing, e.g. the longstanding boycott of South African businesses to protest apartheid already alluded to. These stretch the meaning of a "boycott."
Boycotts are now much easier to successfully initiate due to the Internet. Examples include the gay and lesbian boycott of advertisers of the "Dr. Laura" talk show, gun owners' similar boycott of advertisers of Rosie O'Donnell's talk show and (later) magazine, and gun owners' boycott of Smith & Wesson following that company's March 2000 settlement with the Clinton administration. They may be initiated very easily using either Web sites (the Dr. Laura boycott), newsgroups (the Rosie O'Donnell boycotts), or even mailing lists. Internet-initiated boycotts "snowball" very quickly compared to other forms of organization.
"Viral Labeling" is a new boycott method using the new digital technology proposed by the Multitude Project and applied for the first time against Walt Disney around Christmas time in 2009.
Another form of consumer boycotting is substitution for an equivalent product; for example, Mecca Cola and Qibla Cola have been marketed as substitutes for Coca-Cola among Muslim populations. 
Academic boycotts have been organized against countries. For example, the mid and late 20th century academic boycotts of South Africa in protest of apartheid practices and the more recent academic boycotts of Israel.
Some boycotts center on particular businesses, such as recent protests regarding Costco, Walmart, Ford Motor Company, or the diverse products of Philip Morris. Another form of boycott identifies a number of different companies involved in a particular issue, such as the Sudan Divestment campaign, the Boycott Bush campaign. The Boycott Bush website was set up by Ethical Consumer after U.S. President George W. Bush failed to ratify the Kyoto Protocol – the website identifies Bush's corporate funders and the brands and products they produce. Today a prime target of boycotts is consumerism itself, e.g. "International Buy Nothing Day" celebrated globally on the Friday after Thanksgiving Day in the United States.
Another version of the boycott is targeted divestment, or disinvestment. Targeted divestment involves campaigning for withdrawal of investment, for example the Sudan Divestment campaign involves putting pressure on companies, often through shareholder activism, to withdraw investment that helps the Sudanese government perpetuate genocide in Darfur. Only if a company refuses to change its behavior in response to shareholder engagement does the targeted divestment model call for divestment from that company. Such targeted divestment implicitly excludes companies involved in agriculture, the production and distribution of consumer goods, or the provision of goods and services intended to relieve human suffering or to promote health, religious and spiritual activities, or education.
As a response to consumer boycotts of large-scale and multinational businesses, some companies have begun marketing brands which, though formally owned by the parent corporation, do not bear the company's name on the packaging or in advertising. Activists such as Ethical Consumer produce information on which companies own which brands and products to enable consumers to practice boycotts or moral purchasing more effectively.
"Boycotts" may be formally organized by governments as well. In reality, government "boycotts" are just a type of embargo. It is notable that the first formal, nationwide act of the Nazi government against German Jews was a national embargo of Jewish businesses on April 1, 1933.
Where the target of a boycott derives all or part of its revenues from other businesses, as a newspaper does, boycott organizers may address the target's commercial customers.
When students are dissatisfied with a political or academic issue, a common tactic for students' unions is to start a boycott of classes (called a student strike among faculty and students since it is meant to resemble strike action by organized labor) to put pressure on the governing body of the institution, such as a university, vocational college or a school, since such institutions cannot afford to have a cohort miss an entire year.
Legality.
Boycotts are generally legal in developed countries. Occasionally, some restrictions may apply; for instance, in the United States, it may be unlawful for a union to engage in "secondary boycotts" (to request that its members boycott companies that supply items to an organization already under a boycott, in the United States); however, the union is of course free to use its right to speak freely to inform its members of the fact that suppliers of a company are breaking a boycott; its members then may take whatever action they deem appropriate, in consideration of that fact. Individual consumers are always free to make whatever purchasing decisions they want, for whatever reasons they wish; that is the essence of a free society and a free market.
United States.
Boycotts are legal under common law. The right to engage in commerce, social intercourse, and friendship includes the implied right not to engage in commerce, social intercourse, and friendship. Since a boycott is voluntary and nonviolent, the law cannot stop it. Opponents of boycotts historically have the choice of suffering under it, yielding to its demands, or attempting to suppress it through extralegal means, such as force and coercion.
In the United States, the antiboycott provisions of the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) apply to all "U.S. persons", defined to include individuals and companies located in the United States and their foreign affiliates. The antiboycott provisions are intended to prevent United States citizens and companies being used as instrumentalities of a foreign government's foreign policy. The EAR forbids participation in or material support of boycotts initiated by foreign governments, for example, the Arab League boycott of Israel. These persons are subject to the law when their activities relate to the sale, purchase, or transfer of goods or services (including the sale of information) within the United States or between the United States and a foreign country. This covers exports and imports, financing, forwarding and shipping, and certain other transactions that may take place wholly offshore.
However, the EAR only applies to "foreign government initiated" boycotts: a domestic boycott campaign arising within the United States that happens to also have the same object as the foreign-government-initiated boycott would appear to be lawful, assuming that it is an independent effort not connected with the foreign government's boycott. 
Other legal impediments to certain boycotts remain. One set are Refusal to deal laws, which prohibit concerted efforts to eliminate competition by refusal to buy from or to sell to a party. Similarly, boycotts may also run afoul of Anti-discrimination laws, for example New Jersey's Law Against Discrimination prohibits any place that offers goods, services and facilities to the general public, such as a restaurant, from denying or withholding any accommodation to ("i.e.", not to engage in commerce with) an individual because of that individual's race (etc.).

</doc>
<doc id="18592010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592010" title="Church of St Martin, Marple">
Church of St Martin, Marple

The Church of St Martin is a 19th-century church in Marple, Greater Manchester, England (). 
It was designed by J. D. Sedding for Maria Anne Hudson (1819-1906) who lived in nearby Brabyns Hall and was built between 1869–70. The north chapel and aisle were both added later by H. Wilson in 1895–96 and 1909 respectively. The stained glass in the windows in the chancel are by the Morris company with designs by Edward Burne-Jones, Dante Gabrielle Rossetti, Ford Maddox Brown and William Morris. The organ from 1870 is by Henry Willis.
On 11 October 1985, it was designated a Grade II* listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="18592021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592021" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 50 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 50 metre freestyle

The final of the Women's 50 metres Freestyle event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Sunday 24 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18592044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592044" title="Accessible Boating Association">
Accessible Boating Association

The Accessible Boating Association is a waterway society and a registered charity number 295034 in Hampshire, England, UK. 
The Association aims to provide boating opportunities on the Basingstoke Canal for disabled people with access difficulties. The Association was formerly known as "Boats for the Handicapped", and it is a member of the National Community Boats Association. 
The Association's boats have been specially designed to provide facilities for disabled passengers: 
See also.
Other charities providing boating opportunities for disabled people

</doc>
<doc id="18592050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592050" title="Jedok geom">
Jedok geom

Jedok geom or "Admiral sword" or "Commander sword" is the name of sword-skill introduced by the Chinese commander Li Rusong who fought during the Imjin waeran on Korea's side against the Japanese. Li Rusong was from Hebei province, China. 
Technique.
The techniques required the use of both a sharp sword and a waist sword. Li used straight-bladed swords (jikdo) with a single edge for slashing and a double-edged sword (geom) for stabbing. The techniques, with 14 basic stances, were first published in the Muyesinbo, a martial arts manual from the Joseon Dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="18592054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592054" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 100 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 100 metre freestyle

The final of the Women's 100 metres Freestyle event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Tuesday 19 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18592061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592061" title="Itopride">
Itopride

Itopride (INN, trade name Ganaton) is a prokinetic benzamide derivative unlike metoclopramide or domperidone. These drugs inhibit dopamine and have a gastrokinetic effect. Itopride is indicated for the treatment of functional dyspepsia and other gastrointestinal conditions.
Itopride is not currently approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for use in the United States, nor is it yet approved in the United Kingdom. This may explain the apparent lack of patient information available in English compared to other similar classes of medication.
Clinical use.
Typically, itopride is indicated in the treatment of GI symptoms caused by reduced GI motility:
Itopride is typically taken three times a day. The dose is usually taken on an empty stomach about an hour before meals. However, the dosage and details of administration may vary depending on the patient’s age, symptoms, and other factors.
Itopride was shown to significantly improve symptoms in patients with functional dyspepsia and motility disorders in placebo-controlled trials.
These studies concluded that the reduction in the severity of symptoms of functional dyspepsia after 8 weeks of treatment with itopride indicated that itopride was significantly superior to placebo and that itopride yielded a greater rate of response than placebo in significantly reducing pain and fullness.
Contraindications and precautions.
Itopride is a relatively new drug and it is not currently approved for normal prescribed use nor OTC use in either the US nor the UK. However, this does not necessarily indicate that itopride is not effective or safe.
Patients taking itopride should report any side-effects to their treating physician.
Itopride is contraindicated in hypersensitivity to itopride or benzamides; lactation, GI hemorrhage, obstruction or perforation. Itopride may not be indicated for those suffering from Parkinson's disease or other conditions involving dopamine regulation issues. Itopride should be used with special caution in the young and the elderly. Little information is available at this time regarding the safe use of itopride during pregnancy.
Adverse drug reactions.
The most common side-effects of itopride include mild to moderate abdominal pain and diarrhoea. Some other side effects that may occur include: rash, giddiness, exhaustion, back or chest pain, increased salivation, constipation, headache, sleeping disorders, dizziness, galactorrhea, and gynecomastia.
Other side effects may also be present.
Leukopenia, a reduction in the normal level of white blood cells, can be a potentially life-threatening reaction to itopride.
Central nervous system adverse effects do not tend to occur due to poor penetration across the blood brain barrier, although a slight raising of prolactin levels may occur. Raising of prolactin levels is more common with high dose regimes of itopride.
Cardiac studies.
Itopride belongs to the same benzamide group as cisapride, a drug found to affect QT interval and possibly predispose those using it to cardiac arrhythmias. However, itopride does not have any adverse effect on the QT interval.
Later, in a study conducted with healthy adult volunteers, itopride was shown as unlikely to cause cardiac arrhythmias or ECG changes in part to the lack of significant interaction and metabolism via the cytochrome P450 enzyme pathway, unlike cisapride and mosapride, as it is metabolized by a different enzyme set. New molecular studies on guinea-pig ventricular myocytes also supported the cardiac safety profile of itopride, as it did not affect certain potassium mechanisms that may have been affected by cisapride or mosapride. Moreover, itopride has no affinity for the 5-HT4 receptors, unlike other benzamides such as cisapride and mosapride, which are 5-HT4 agonists. The affinity of cisapride for 5-HT4 receptors in the heart has been implicated in the undesirable cardiac effects of cisapride itself.
The conclusion of this study revealed that itopride is devoid of any abnormal effect on QT interval. Therefore it may be possible that itopride could be considered as a better and certainly safer prokinetic agent than either cisapride or mosapride, and itopride should also be considered a welcome treatment addition for symptomatic nonulcer dyspepsia and other gastric motility disorders.
Pharmacology.
There is evidence that itopride may have prokinetic effects throughout the gastrointestinal tract from the stomach to the end of the colon. The pharmacokinetics of itopride appear to differ between Asian and caucasians with caucasians having 30-50 percent less blood levels of itopride after oral administration. Itopride poorly penetrates across the blood brain barrier because of itopride's high polarity and thus itopride does not tend to cause any central nervous system adverse effects. Itopride has no effect on potassium channels.
Pharmacokinetics.
After oral administration itopride undergoes rapid and extensive absorption with levels of itopride peaking in the blood plasma after only 35 minutes. Itopride is primarily eliminated via the kidneys having an elimination half-life of approximately 6 hours.
Mechanism of action.
Itopride increases acetylcholine concentrations by inhibiting dopamine D2 receptors and acetylcholinesterase. Higher acetylcholine increases GI peristalsis, increases the lower esophageal sphincter pressure, stimulates gastric motility, accelerates gastric emptying, and improves gastro-duodenal coordination.
Itopride given as a single dose study found that it also raises levels of motilin, somatostatin and lowers levels of cholecystokinin, as well as adrenocorticotropic hormone. These effects may also contribute to itopride's pharmacology.
Interactions.
Anticholinergic agents reduce the action of itopride.
It is worth noting that itopride is a relatively new drug and that it is, therefore, possible that other drugs may interact with itopride, rendering contraindications or side-effects that are not currently known.

</doc>
<doc id="18592065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592065" title="Kyneton Airport">
Kyneton Airport

Kyneton Airport is located in Kyneton, Victoria, Australia. The airfield is located northwest of the town.
Home of the Kyneton Aero Club and the Sports Aircraft Association of Australia Chapter 20, the airfield is managed by the Kyneton Aero Club on behalf of the Shire of Macedon Ranges.

</doc>
<doc id="18592079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592079" title="Mauro Ramiro Milano">
Mauro Ramiro Milano

Mauro Ramiro Milano (born 18 January 1984 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentinean football midfielder and striker he plays for Club Atlético Huracán in the Primera B Nacional.
Career.
Milano made his debut in Argentina's Primera División as a player for Club Atlético Huracán. He was later transferred to Asteras Tripolis of Super League Greece. After two years in Tripoli, he accepted an offer from Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C.. He signed a two year contract with Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C. on July 6, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18592080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592080" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 200 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 200 metre freestyle

The final of the Women's 200 metres Freestyle event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Wednesday 20 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18592099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592099" title="Double Act (TV film)">
Double Act (TV film)

Double Act is a TV adaptation of Jacqueline Wilson's best selling book, "Double Act". The telefilm was made in 2001 for Channel 4 and screened in 2002, starring Birmingham twins, Zoe and Chloe Tempest-Jones. It was directed by Cilla Ware. It was the last acting role of Charlotte Coleman before she died.
Plot.
Ruby and Garnet are identical twins, who once lived with their Dad and their Gran in Birmingham.
Their mother, Opal died after their birth. 
They are happy together, but then Dad gets a new girlfriend, Rose. 
The twins and Gran hate her. Dad decides to make things worse for them when he loses his job.
He sends Gran to a Senior Citizens' Home and takes his three girls to the country, to open a bookshop. The bookshop more or less fails.
The twins make enemies with a fat boy called Jeremy who they nickname "Blob" and his gang. Garnet also makes a new friend called Judy. 
Because they totally loathe their new life, they do everything bad at school to get expelled so that they can go back to Birghiham and then regret it. 
They apologise to Dad and make him biscuits. 
Whilst doing this, Ruby comes across a Newspaper Advert for an audition for a Television adaptation of the novel "The Terrible Tempest Twins,".
Garnet isn't keen but Ruby insists on asking Dad. So Ruby steals money from Rose as well as telling Garnet to sell there grandmother's doll for £20 and forcing Garnet go to Birmingham with her to the audition. 
The casting director (played by "Double Act"'s author Jacqueline Wilson) is very impressed with Ruby and Garnet but Dad finds them and takes them home.
When they are watching the news that night, Ruby appears on TV giving a quick wave to the camera. 
Then they show the filming location, a boarding school called Marnock Heights. 
Ruby insists on writing a letter to the headteacher, to try to get Garnet and her a place. 
They get a reply with a brochure. Then they realise that it costs £10,000, unless they get a scholarship. 
They sit an entrance exam, but only one girl can get the scholarship. 
Ruby is so confident that it's her, that when Garnet gets the place, she goes on a hateful resentment towards her, desperate to be different. 
Garnet copies her to be her twin, and then Ruby loses the rag completely and violently chops off her pigtails. 
She won't talk to Garnet at all and then the day comes when Garnet is going to Marnock Heights, when Ruby suddenly regrets her actions and apologises. 
They make up and Garnet later calls her with her new mobile and everything is brilliant, considering she was really nervous beforehand. 
The film closes with the quote "We'll always be Ruby and Garnet, for ever and ever and ever."

</doc>
<doc id="18592101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592101" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 400 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 400 metre freestyle

The final of the Women's 400 metres Freestyle event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Thursday 21 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18592109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592109" title="Iblin">
Iblin

Iblin refers to 

</doc>
<doc id="18592119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592119" title="Piroheptine">
Piroheptine

Piroheptine is an anticholinergic and antihistamine used as an antiparkinsonian agent.

</doc>
<doc id="18592130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592130" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 800 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 800 metre freestyle

The final of the Women's 800 metres Freestyle event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Saturday 1997-08-23 in Seville, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18592141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592141" title="B.S.A. Swamy">
B.S.A. Swamy

Bokka Sri Atchuthananda Swamy (July 11, 1942 – July 24, 2008), well known as B.S.A. Swamy, was an Indian judge and social justice activist who spent his life striving for the upliftment of downtrodden sections of Andhra Pradesh people, particularly Backward Classes, Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes through social justice and reservations in politics, judiciary, jobs and education.
Swamy was a judge of Andhra Pradesh High Court between 1995 and 2004. He founded the Andhra Pradesh Backward Castes, Scheduled Castes, and Scheduled Tribes Advocates Association, and was instrumental in implementing rule of reservation in appointment to the post of Law Officers in Andhra Pradesh.
He was also the editor of "Mana Patrika" magazine, and through this he spread the importance of social justice and reservations for backward castes, scheduled castes, and scheduled tribes of Andhra Pradesh. To spread the message of social justice, and the importance of reservations in education, politics and judiciary he procured a specific vehicle and toured the entire Andhra Pradesh state to reach the weaker sections of the society.
He was also the founder of B.R.M. Memorial Education Society in memory of his father B. Rama Murthy (B.R.M) to give opportunities for poor and weaker sections of the society for getting educated.
He was a disciple of Gouthu Latchanna, an Indian freedom fighter who also fought for the upliftment of oppressed and weaker sections of society, and involved with the establishment of the Gouthu Latchanna Organization for Weaker Sections (GLOW). He was also influenced by Narayana Guru, Periyar, Kanshi Ram, Mahatma Jyotirao Phule, and B. R. Ambedkar which led to the launch of Mahatma Jyotirao Phule Institute for Social Justice. Though they were rationalists and were not closely associated with Hindu religion, Swamy remained and worked within the boundaries of Hindu religion until he died.
Personal details.
Swamy was born on July 11, 1942 at Mukteshwaram village of the Ainavalli Mandal in East Godavari, Andhra Pradesh, India.
He did his Bachelor of Science (B.Sc) from S.K.B.R college at Amalapuram and Bachelor of Law (B.L) from Andhra University at Waltair.
He died of a heart attack at Nizam institute of Medical Sciences on July 24, 2008, having earlier undergone heart bypass surgery.
Career details.
A summary of his career.
After he retired as High Court judge in 2004, he was a frequent participant and speaker at various seminars or protestations related to social justice and reservations.
In 2008 Swamy asked that there be a greater representation in the Indian legal system. He said that 
He was a member of a people's court jury which found George W. Bush, President of the United States of America, guilty in perpetrating terrorism in the name of fighting terrorism and attacking and threatening other countries using the issue of nuclear weapons as a pretext and resorting to human rights violation and large-scale killings of people, including women and children, especially in Afghanistan and Iraq and creating a sense of insecurity in the world. Other members of the jury included human rights activists namely Professor Hargopal and Rama Melote.
He was an active speaker and member of Joint Action Committee for Backward Castes in Andhra Pradesh which demands for 50% reservation for backward castes in the coming elections for Legislative Assembly of Andhra Pradesh and members of Parliament of India.
He expressed concerns in discriminating Scheduled Castes in law by denying equal rights to them in law.
He opposed the deliberate inclusion of Kapu caste in Backward Castes by the state government. He criticised the action quoting "Constituent Assembly had made it clear that economic backwardness was not the only criteria to consider castes as backward castes. The caste groups should be identified by trades to qualify as backward castes. The principle of shudras and non-shudras should form the basis of dividing the castes". He believed that castes should be recognised as backward castes based on parameters such as poor hygiene, adherence to superstitious beliefs, lack of education, and isolation from village communities.
He complained when a person whom he considered to be inappropriate was appointed as a Supreme Court judge.

</doc>
<doc id="18592160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592160" title="Travná (Javorník)">
Travná (Javorník)

Travná or Krutvald () is a small village located in Rychlebské Hory ("Reichensteiner Gebirges" in German) in the Olomouc Regionin northeastern part of the Czech Republic. Today, the village is a part of the town of Javorník; the population was 53 according to 2001 census.
History.
According to "Statistik des Deutschen Reichs, Band 450; Teil II - Sudetendeutsche Gebiete und Memelland" Travná had 438 inhabitants in 1930 and 375 in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="18592168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592168" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 100 metre backstroke">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 100 metre backstroke

The final of the Women's 100 metres Backstroke event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Thursday 21 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18592174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592174" title="Mikhail Gershkovich">
Mikhail Gershkovich

Mikhail Danilovich Gershkovich () (born 1 April 1948 in Moscow) is a retired Soviet football player and a current Russian coach of Jewish ethnicity.
International career.
Gershkovich made his debut for USSR on 16 June 1968 in a friendly against Austria and scored on his debut. He scored a goal in each of his three first games for USSR. He played in the 1970 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, but was not selected for the final tournament squad.

</doc>
<doc id="18592201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592201" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 200 metre backstroke">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 200 metre backstroke

The final of the Women's 200 metres Backstroke event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Sunday 24 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18592217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592217" title="Zálesí (Javorník)">
Zálesí (Javorník)

Zálesí or Valdek () is a small village located in Rychlebské Hory ("Reichensteiner Gebirges" in German) in the Olomouc Region in northeastern part of the Czech Republic. In the past, the village administered the no-longer existing settlement Waldoro and today is a part of the town of Javorník. The population according to 2001 census was 20.
History.
According to "Statistik des Deutschen Reichs, Band 450; Teil II - Sudetendeutsche Gebiete und Memelland" Travná had 456 inhabitants in 1930 and the same number declared residency in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="18592225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592225" title="Tranilast">
Tranilast

Tranilast (INN, brand name Rizaben) is an antiallergic drug. It was developed by Kissei Pharmaceuticals and was approved in 1982 for use in Japan and South Korea for bronchial asthma. Indications for keloid and hypertrophic scar were added in 1993. 
It has been used for the treatment of allergic disorders such as asthma, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.
In-vitro it reduces collagen synthesis in fibroblasts, and inhibits growth of neurofibroma cells.
In-vitro it inhibits the production of interleukin-6 in endothelial cells.
It is relatively safe and well tolerated by most patients at doses of up to 600 mg/day for months. 
After promising results in three small trial Tranilast was studied in a major clinical trial (the PRESTO trial) for prevention of restenosis after percutaneous transluminal coronary revascularization, but was not found effective for that application.
It has also been investigated for use as an antiproliferative drug on drug-eluting stents.
A phase II trial is recruiting rheumatoid arthritis patients.
A phase III trial is evaluating tranilast for Pterygium.

</doc>
<doc id="18592228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592228" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 100 metre breaststroke">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 100 metre breaststroke

The final of the Women's 100 metres Breaststroke event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Friday 1997-08-22 in Seville, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18592231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592231" title="Clara GAA">
Clara GAA

Clara GAA (Irish: "CLG Chláraigh") is a Gaelic Athletic Association club situated in the small parish of Clara in County Kilkenny, Ireland. Focused mainly on hurling and camogie, the dominant sports in the county, Clara's greatest achievements to date are victories in the Kilkenny Senior Hurling Championship in both 1986 and 2013, their second title only.
Despite limited success at county level, Clara has produced several hurlers who have gone on to enjoy inter-county success with Kilkenny. Jim Langton was born in the area, a winner of All-Ireland medals in 1939 and 1947, and a place on the GAA Hurling Team of the Century chosen in 1984. More recently, Paddy Prendergast was a fixture in the Cats' defence in the 1970s and 1980s, winning three All-Ireland medals and three National Hurling League Medals. Harry Ryan played in the Kilkenny forward line in the 1980s, winning an All-Ireland medal in 1983. Lester Ryan is another all-Ireland winner, nephew of his namesake Lester Ryan who played with the Cats in the 1980s.
Clara is the only team in the county to have players chosen on both the hurling and camogie teams of the century - the aforementioned Jim Langton, and Liz Neary who won seven All-Ireland camogie titles with Kilkenny.

</doc>
<doc id="18592245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592245" title="Karen Kay (TV personality)">
Karen Kay (TV personality)

Karen Kay (born Adrianne Judith Pringle; 18 July 1947) is a British former jazz singer, cabaret singer, comedienne and impressionist.
She is the mother of acid jazz singer Jay Kay.
Life and career.
Kay was born Adrianne Judith Pringle in Blackburn, England, the daughter of Ethel (Hesmondhalgh) and James S. Pringle. When she was young, her mother died, and after living briefly with the family of her cousin Margaret Tomlinson, she was adopted by the Cheetham family, living in Preston, Lancashire. 
Judith, as she was then known, made her professional debut in the Black and White Minstrel Show, Blackpool when she was 16. About this time she adopted the stage name Karen Kay.
On 30 December 1969 while living in Stretford, Greater Manchester, she gave birth to twins boys, Jason and David. A few weeks after birth, David died.
Karen Kay became a regular guest at the Starlight Club in Little Harwood, and was tipped as The Face of 1979. She worked together with Lenny Henry and David Copperfield on a TV series entitled "Six of a Kind", which later was produced without her under the title "Three of a Kind".
Karen Kay has appeared and acted in "Lennie and Jerry" (1979), Des O'Connor Tonight (1981), Max Bygraves Side by Side (1982), The Bob Monkhouse Show (1983) and Aspel and Company (1985). She had her own television series "Karen Kay" in 1983.
In 1983 her son Jason and stepfather Mervyn spent six months in Thailand. Years later Jay Kay formed the band Jamiroquai.
In 2003, Jay Kay met his biological father, Luís Saraiva, a man of Portuguese origin.
After years on television Karen retired and now lives in London.

</doc>
<doc id="18592253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592253" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 200 metre breaststroke">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 200 metre breaststroke

The final of the Women's 200 metres Breaststroke event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Wednesday 20 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18592272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592272" title="Willow Valley, Indiana">
Willow Valley, Indiana

Willow Valley is an unincorporated community in Halbert Township, Martin County, Indiana.
Geography.
Willow Valley is located at .

</doc>
<doc id="18592276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592276" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 100 metre butterfly">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 100 metre butterfly

The final of the Women's 100 metres Butterfly event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Friday 1997-08-22 in Seville, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18592277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592277" title="Viktor Getmanov">
Viktor Getmanov

Viktor Pavlovich Getmanov () (born May 4, 1940 in Leselidze; died April 23, 1995 in Rostov-on-Don) was a Soviet football player.
International career.
Getmanov made his debut for USSR on December 1, 1965 in a friendly against Argentina. He played in the 1966 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18592279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592279" title="Steam Boat Association of Great Britain">
Steam Boat Association of Great Britain

The Steam Boat Association of Great Britain (SBA) is a waterway society It was formed in 1971 to promote steamboats and represent steamboat owners' interests, and it has around 1100 members, a third of whom live outside the UK. 
The Association holds rallies all over the UK and other events including national and regional meetings, technical seminars, displays at model engineering exhibitions, and engages with a range of related engineering topics It also publishes technical manuals.
The SBA recognises that steam boating is a fairly niche activity demanding a measure of engineering skills in those who build and maintain boats. Close attention is paid to safety issues and particularly the integrity of boilers and steam fittings. The trading arm of the SBA is the Steamboat Association Services Ltd (SBAS) which provides boiler testing services for members alongside seminars and other information services for those wishing to build their own boats.
It is estimated that of the 400 or so small steam launches (most of which are between 5–10 metres in length) around 90 or so will be steam in any given summer season in the UK and the SBA's quarterly journal, 'The Funnel' is an 80pp colour production designed to bring together and inform steam boaters around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18592308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592308" title="Ali Adnan">
Ali Adnan

Ali Adnan is an Iraqi archer.
He was due to be the first person to represent Iraq in archery at the Olympic Games, having qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, but the entire Iraqi delegation was banned from the Games by the International Olympic Committee due to Iraqi government interference in the Iraqi national Olympic Committee.
In 2006, he was assaulted by "Al Qaeda affiliated operatives", and subsequently restricted himself to training in his own garden.

</doc>
<doc id="18592320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592320" title="Alexander de Savornin Lohman">
Alexander de Savornin Lohman

Jkr. Alexander Frederik de Savornin Lohman (Groningen, May 29, 1837 – The Hague, June 11, 1924) was a Dutch politician and leader of the Christian Historical Union during the first quarter of the 20th century.
He was a member of the lower Dutch nobility and held the title of "jonkheer". He was born into a family of Walloon Reformed extraction. During his studies he became a supporter of the anti-revolutionary cause of Guillaume Groen van Prinsterer and he was elected to the Dutch House of Representatives for the Anti Revolutionary Party (ARP) in 1879. He remained a member of parliament until 1921. Throughout his career he would serve as member of the House of Representatives, member of the Senate and, for a short while, minister. He was noted for his vehement attacks against his opponents, but was generally considered to be receptive of the arguments of his peers.
De Savornin Lohman got involved in politics whilst serving as a judge at the court of 's-Hertogenbosch. There he became party to a conflict over Christian schools. He soon met Abraham Kuyper, another anti-revolutionary politician who would dominate Dutch politics in the years to come. When Kuyper was suffering from burnout in 1876 and 1877 de Savornin Lohman replaced him as chief editor of the "Standaard", the anti-revolutionary newspaper. De Savornin Lohman went on, at times reluctantly, to become Kuyper's most important collaborator in his many projects (the School Struggle, the foundation of the Anti Revolutionary Party in 1879, the Doleantie in 1886 and the creation of the Free University of Amsterdam in 1879).
De Savornin Lohman's entry in politics coincided with the introduction of party discipline into Dutch politics. As an aristocrat de Savornin Lohman was torn between the opinion of his fellow aristocrats, who considered politics to be a personal thing, and the opinion of his leader and friend Kuyper, who found party discipline and the democratic process of the utmost importance. Further conflict ensued when de Savornin Lohman became Minister of the Interior, replacing Æneas Mackay, who in turn replaced Keuchenius as Minister of Colonial Affairs. The Dutch parliament had refused supply to Keuchenius's budget and Mackay wanted to save the government. Kuyper wanted to have a general election and sought the fall of the government. De Savornin Lohman and most of the Anti Revolutionary Party supported the government. Two factions in the ARP now emerged, one led by Kuyper the other by De Savornin Lohman. When the liberal minister Tak van Poortvliet presented a proposal to introduce universal suffrage in 1893, this proved to be an especially divisive issue. The aristocrat De Savornin Lohman was against extension, while Kuyper saw an electoral advantage for the ARP. Universal suffrage would give the bote to orthodox Protestant farmers and small entrepreneurs (collectively referred to in Dutch political science as "kleine luyden"), who had hitherto been ineligible because of the minimum taxes requirement. When Kuyper managed to persuade ARP members to support his position, De Savornin Lohman's faction, the "Free Anti Revolutionaries (VAR)", became directly opposed to Kuyper's Anti Revolutionaries. The conflict led to a split in the ARP with De Savornin Lohman and his largely aristocratic colleagues forming the smaller splinter group. In 1908, after a series of mergers with like-minded political groups, De Savornin Lohman and his VAR founded the Christian Historical Union (CHU).
Religiously, De Savornin Lohman, who was Reformed, was personally involved in the schism called the Doleantie, which was led by Kuyper. The schism was a reaction against the progressive practices of the Dutch Reformed Church and De Savornin Lohman went on to become a member of the newly founded Reformed Churches in the Netherlands. While Kuyper favoured cooperation with Roman Catholics in parliament, de Savornin Lohman and his fellow Anti Revolutionaries were sceptical towards Roman Catholicism.
Professionally, De Savornin Lohman was employed by the Free University of Amsterdam to teach law and a Reformed outlook on science. In 1895 the conflict with Kuyper forced him to resign his post. It was twenty years before the two gentlemen were on speaking terms again.
In 1902 he acted as one of five arbitrators at The Hague in the Pious Fund of the Californias dispute between the United States and Mexico, the first dispute between states arbitrated by the Permanent Court of Arbitration. He also sat on the panel for the Sarvarkar Case in 1911.
Alexander de Savornin Lohman died in The Hague aged 87. He was an important adviser to Queen Wilhelmina.

</doc>
<doc id="18592321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592321" title="Oklahoma City Thunder all-time roster">
Oklahoma City Thunder all-time roster

The following is a list of players, both past and current, who played in at least in one game for the Seattle SuperSonics (1967-2008) or Oklahoma City Thunder (2008-present) NBA franchise.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18592328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592328" title="Lucy Mackintosh">
Lucy Mackintosh

The Lucy Mackintosh gallery is a commercial contemporary art space located in Lausanne, Switzerland, that exhibits Swiss and international contemporary art and artists. The gallery also regularly invites designers to present their work. 
History.
The Lucy Mackintosh gallery opened in Lausanne in 2004 in premises previously occupied by the EPFL architecture department. The architecture studio Jean-Gilles Décosterd & Philippe Rahm designed the exhibition space using the concept of the "white canvas" for the refurbishing of the gallery. Gallery Director Cyril Veillon said, "The architect's response to an existing space and the brief for a contemporary art gallery was to create territories using thermal distortions rather than partitions. Elaborate plumbing runs through the main space, whose temperature can be attenuated according to the gallery function. "
In 2005, the gallery was featured in the Can Buildings Curate exhibition by Newbetter and the Architectural Association School of Architecture for its space design.
Projects.
Along with exhibitions of artists represented by the gallery, group shows and collaborative projects are presented with national institutions or independent curators.

</doc>
<doc id="18592330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592330" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 200 metre butterfly">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 200 metre butterfly

The final of the Women's 200 metres Butterfly event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Sunday 24 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18592334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592334" title="Hudson Tonga'uiha">
Hudson Tonga'uiha

Hudson Tonga'uiha born as Kosilio Tonga'uiha (born in Tofua, 16 November 1983) is a Tongan rugby union footballer. Tonga'uiha plays at centre or fullback and currently plays for London Welsh having previously played for the Doncaster Knights.
In 2006 he represented the Tonga national rugby league team at the 2006 Pacific Cup.
He was a member of Tonga squad at the 2007 Rugby World Cup, but he only played at the 20-36 loss to England.

</doc>
<doc id="18592336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592336" title="Zoopla">
Zoopla

Zoopla (also Zoopla! or Zoopla.co.uk) is a property and house prices website that provides information such as sold house prices and current value estimates for all 26.3 million residential properties in the UK. 
Product features.
The Zoopla site is a searchable directory of UK residential properties, created using Royal Mail's database, the UK HM Land Registry's data on property transactions, Google maps, Microsoft maps' "bird's eye view", and other data sources. The data is then presented in a read-write format, so that user-generated content can "fill in the gaps".
Based on this data, Zoopla has developed an automated valuation model or algorithm that allows the site to provide an instant valuation estimate for any property in the UK, similar to competitors Mouseprice and Hometrack. The AVM is based on user-added information such as property attributes, transactions from the Land Registry, and analysis of historical price trends. The site also allows users to claim their home or set a TemptMe price (a price at which they could be tempted to sell).
The site also provides listings of around 500,000 properties for sale or to rent from residential estate agents along with pictures, descriptions, maps, statistics and local information.
In July 2010, Zoopla also made a similar new service as an iPhone application including GPS-based property searches and augmented reality camera view.
History and company information.
Zoopla was founded in 2007 by Alex Chesterman, who also founded ScreenSelect / LoveFilm and Simon Kain, former senior developer at Bookpages / Amazon UK and LoveFilm CTO. The website was launched in January 2008. In June 2008, they hired Doug Monro, former Managing Director of Gumtree, as Chief Operating Officer., who subsequently left to found Adzuna in 2011. The company is based in Southwark, London. In October 2013, the company announced that it was moving all 200+ staff to a larger office in the Harlequin Building, also in Southwark.
The website had 1.6 million visitors in March 2010, making it the second largest property website in the UK behind market leader Rightmove.
Zoopla have been quoted in the UK press in a number of articles based on their data, such as the UK Property Rich List and comments on the value of various celebrity homes. There has also been some debate over the ethics of property porn and property snooping.
Zoopla is backed by Atlas Venture, Octopus Ventures and other investors.
In July 2009, Zoopla acquired property website Thinkproperty.com from the Guardian Media Group.
In August 2009, Zoopla acquired the PropertyFinder Group, consisting of the websites Propertyfinder.com, Hotproperty.co.uk and UK Property Shop, with combined annual revenues of £7M, from prior owners the REA Group and News International for an undisclosed sum.
In July 2010, Zoopla acquired property technology company Byteplay.
In August 2010, Zoopla launched its first television advertising campaign. The humorous campaign compares finding the perfect property with finding the perfect partner, showing a number of people discussing the house-buying process in terms that could be used to describe a relationship.
In 2010 Zoopla was named in the Startups 100 awards as one of the UK's most innovative, inspiring and ground-breaking new companies.
In October 2011 Zoopla and Digital Property Group, the subsidiary of A&N Media which operates property websites Primelocation.com, Globrix.com and FindaProperty.com announced plans to merge their respective businesses.
In May 2012, Zoopla acquired property information website UpMyStreet.com.
In June 2012 Zoopla and Digital Property Group merger completes forming Zoopla Property Group Ltd.
In December 2012, Zoopla acquired property information website Globrix.com.
In March–April 2013, Stephen Morana, who spent around 10 years at the Betfair Group Plc, was appointed new Chief Financial Officer (CFO).
In September 2013, Zoopla bought Trinity Mirror's four property websites for £3.3 million.
Zoopla have been sponsors of West Bromwich Albion Football Club since 2012. In January 2014, founder Alex Chesterman, who is Jewish, decided to stop supporting the club after an allegedly anti-Semitic gesture from player Nicolas Anelka.

</doc>
<doc id="18592362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592362" title="James Buckley (actor)">
James Buckley (actor)

James Patrick Buckley (born 14 August 1987) is an English actor and musician, best known for his role as Jay Cartwright in the British comedy series "The Inbetweeners".
Early life.
Buckley was born in Croydon. At the age of two, he moved to Dagenham. He attended Beam Primary School. It was here, while taking part in school plays, that Buckley found out how much he enjoyed performing and started going to a stage school at the weekends from the age of seven. At age 11, Buckley began his first professional jobs in the West End shows "Whistle Down the Wind" and "Les Misérables".
Career.
Buckley appeared in a Hellmann's advert in 2004. His stage credits include the West End musical "Les Misérables" as Gavroche and "Whistle Down the Wind" as Clarence. As well as "The Inbetweeners", "The Inbetweeners Movie" and "Rock & Chips", Buckley's other credits include an episode of "Skins" and episodes of "The Bill", "Holby City" and "Teachers".
He also played the character of Fred in "Off the Hook". For Red Nose Day 2011, Buckley and his "Inbetweeners" co-stars went on a "rude road trip" and visited the rudest street names in the United Kingdom in 50 hours. In April 2011, Buckley received a BAFTA nomination for his role in "The Inbetweeners". Buckley played the main character in the short film "Veronique". He had a part in the film "Everywhere and Nowhere", released in 2011. He reprised his role as Jay Cartwright in "The Inbetweeners Movie", released 17 August 2011.
Buckley also does voice-overs utilising his distinctive accent. He recently worked with AllAboutCareers.com to produce an explanatory animation for the website. Buckley is also the narrator on E4's show "Little Box of Horrors". He starred in the music video for States of Emotion's track "The Unsung", and also features on backing vocals and guitar on Steve Cradock's album "Peace City West". He appeared in a commercial for the mobile phone company Orange, with the cast of "The Expendables 2". He recently voiced the Envirofone adverts. In 2012, he made his directorial debut when he directed a music video for Essex band The Milk. He also starred in the video. Most recently, James has acted as voiceover for children's travel brand, Trunki, in their first TV advertisement with Aardman.
Personal life.
Buckley married Scottish former model, Clair Meek, on 3 November 2012. The couple have two children. He is a fan of Crystal Palace.

</doc>
<doc id="18592363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592363" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 50 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 50 metre freestyle

The final of the Men's 50 metres Freestyle event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Saturday 23 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18592384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592384" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 100 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 100 metre freestyle

The final of the Men's 100 metres Freestyle event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Thursday 21 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18592385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592385" title="Sahib ul-Makam al-Rafi">
Sahib ul-Makam al-Rafi

Sahib ul-Makam al-Rafi () (alternative spelling: "Saheb Al-Makam Al-Rafie") was a manner of address used in Egypt during the monarchical era that was attached to the second highest court rank. After 1936, it was conferred for life on recipients of the Chain of Fuad I. As it has no equivalent in the English language, it is generally translated as His Excellency. If translated literally, the exact title in English would be "Holder of the Eminent Position".

</doc>
<doc id="18592387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592387" title="1969 in Norway">
1969 in Norway

Events in the year 1969 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="18592395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592395" title="Kuroiso Station">
Kuroiso Station

This station is also the boundary of DC electrification and AC electrification. As a result, those riding the train as it pulls into the station may notice the lights go out, then turn back on seconds later.
Surrounding area.
The station, located in the former city of Kuroiso, sits in front of a street lined with several local cafes and businesses. Having a bus terminal, it also serves as a gateway to the neighboring town of Nasu, known in Japan for its mountain hot springs and as the location of the Nasu Imperial Villa.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tōhoku Main Line

</doc>
<doc id="18592417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592417" title="1924 in Norway">
1924 in Norway

Events in the year 1924 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="18592421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592421" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre freestyle

The final of the Men's 200 metres Freestyle event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Tuesday 19 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18592432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592432" title="1970 in Norway">
1970 in Norway

Events in the year 1970 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="18592439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592439" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 400 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 400 metre freestyle

The final of the Men's 400 metres Freestyle event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Friday 1997-08-22 in Seville, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18592440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592440" title="Matthew Cheung">
Matthew Cheung

Matthew Cheung Kin-chung, GBS, JP (; born 1951, Hong Kong) is the Secretary for Labour and Welfare in the Hong Kong Government.
Matthew Cheung served as civil servant in the Information Officer Grade of the government in 1972, and he transferred to the Administrative Service in 1979. He has served in various bureaux and departments in the government, including Deputy Secretary for Education and Manpower (1996–1999), Commissioner for Labour (1999–2000), Director of Education (2000–2002), and Permanent Secretary for Economic Development and Labour (later known as Permanent Secretary for Economic Development/ 
Commissioner for Labour; 2002–2007).

</doc>
<doc id="18592441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592441" title="Symphony No. 2 (Penderecki)">
Symphony No. 2 (Penderecki)

Polish composer Krzysztof Penderecki wrote his Symphony No. 2 during the winter of 1979–80. Sometimes referred to as the "Christmas Symphony" (quotations of the Christmas carol "Silent Night" occur repeatedly throughout the symphony), neither the score nor the parts (Schott Music, Mainz 45 791) make any reference to this moniker.
Structure.
The symphony, lasting 30–35 minutes, is in one movement employing a modified sonata form.
Analysis.
The harmonic idiom of the symphony is unabashedly tonal and romantic, akin to that of Bruckner, and is seen by many at the time of the symphony's completion as a betrayal to the prevailing avant-garde style, to which Penderecki himself had previously contributed significantly (as demonstrated in his "Threnody to the Victims of Hiroshima"). However, this reversion to a romantic style had already been hinted at in his "St. Luke Passion" and Violin Concerto No. 1 of a few years earlier. This change in style was to become permanent, and his music since has been coined as neo-romantic in style.

</doc>
<doc id="18592471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592471" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 1500 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 1500 metre freestyle

The final of the Men's 1500 metres Freestyle event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Sunday 1997-08-24 in Seville, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18592480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592480" title="One Missed Call (TV series)">
One Missed Call (TV series)

One Missed Call (着信アリ (テレビドラマ) "Chakushin Ari (TV Drama)") is a television series spun off from the popular Japanese horror film series "One Missed Call".
Synopsis.
Yumi (Rei Kikukawa), a writer of a science magazine, witnesses a mysterious death of a high school girl who received a “one missed call” from her own cell phone, two weeks in the future. The disturbing message on the cell phone turns out to be the screams of the victim.

</doc>
<doc id="18592485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592485" title="Wuxi dialect">
Wuxi dialect

Wuxi dialect (Simplified Chinese: 无锡话; Traditional Chinese: 無錫話; Pinyin: Wúxī huà) is a dialect of Wu. It is spoken in the city of Wuxi in Jiangsu province of China.
It has many similarities with the Shanghainese and Suzhou dialect. It is mutually intelligible with the Changzhou dialect to which it is most closely related. It is not at all mutually intelligible with Mandarin, China's official language.

</doc>
<doc id="18592503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592503" title="Reinhard Oehme">
Reinhard Oehme

Reinhard Oehme (; born 26 January 1928, Wiesbaden; died sometime between 29 September and 4 October 2010, Hyde Park) was a German-American physicist known for the discovery of C (charge conjugation) non-conservation in the presence of P (parity) violation, the formulation and proof of hadron dispersion relations, the "Edge of the Wedge Theorem" in the function theory of several complex variables, the Goldberger-Miyazawa-Oehme sum rule, reduction of quantum field theories, Oehme-Zimmermann superconvergence relations for gauge field correlation functions, and many other contributions.
Oehme was born in Wiesbaden, Germany as the son of Dr. Reinhold Oehme and Katharina Kraus. In 1952, in São Paulo, Brazil, he married Mafalda Pisani, who was born in Berlin as the daughter of Giacopo Pisani and Wanda d'Alfonso. Mafalda died in Chicago in August of the year 2004.
Education and career.
Completing the "Abitur" at the Rheingau Gymnasium in Geisenheim near Wiesbaden, Oehme started to study physics and mathematics at the Johann Wolfgang Goethe University Frankfurt am Main, receiving the Diploma in 1948 as student of Erwin Madelung.
Then he moved to Göttingen, joining the Max Planck Institute for Physics as a doctoral student of Werner Heisenberg, who was also a professor at the University of Göttingen. Early in 1951, Oehme completed the requirements for his Dr.rer.nat at Göttingen Universität. The translation of the title of his thesis is: „Creation of Photons in Collisions of Nucleons” Later this year, Heisenberg asked him to join Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker on a trip to Brazil for the start-up of the Instituto de Física Teórica in São Paulo, considered also as a possible escape in view of the tense situation in Europe. In 1953, he returned to his assistant position at the Max Planck Institute in Göttingen. During the early fifties, the Institute was a most interesting place. Oehme was there among an exceptional group of people around Heisenberg, including Vladimir Glaser, Rolf Hagedorn, Fritz Houtermans, Gerhard Lüders, Walter Thirring, Kurt Symanzik, Carl Friedrich von Weizsaecker, Wolfhart Zimmermann, Bruno Zumino, who all have made important contributions to physics at some time.
A year later, with Heisenberg's recommendation to his friend Enrico Fermi, Oehme was offered a research associate position at the University of Chicago, where he worked at the Institute for Nuclear Studies. Publications associated with this
period are described below under Work. In the fall of 1956, he moved to Princeton as a member of the Institute for Advanced Study, returning in 1958 to the University of Chicago as a professor in the Department of Physics and at the Enrico Fermi Institute for Nuclear Studies. Since 1998, he is professor emeritus.
University of Maryland, College Park, 1957; Universität Wien, Austria 1961; Imperial College, London1963-64;
Universität Karlsruhe, Germany, 1974, 1975, 1977; University of Tokyo, Japan, 1976, 1988;
Research Institute of Fundamental Physics, University of Kyoto, Japan, 1976.
Instituto de Física Teórica, São Paulo, Brasil; Brookhaven National Laboratory; Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory; CERN, Geneva, Switzerland; International Centre for Theoretical Physics, Miramare-Trieste, Italy; Max Planck Institute for Physics, München, Germany.
Guggenheim Fellow, 1963-64: Humboldt Price, 1974; Japan Society (JSPS) Award, 1976.
Fellow: American Physical Society.
(*For citations see corresponding publications and acknowledgements in publications.
Work.
Dispersion Relations, GMO Sum Rule, and Edge of the Wedge Theorem.
In 1954 in Chicago, Oehme studied the analytic properties of forward
Scattering amplitudes in quantum field theories. He found that particle-particle and
antiparticle-particle amplitudes are connected by analytic continuation in the
complex energy plane. These results led to the paper by him with Marvin L. Goldberger
and Hironari Miyazawa on the dispersion relations for pion-nucleon scattering, which
also contains the Goldberger-Miyazawa-Oehme Sum Rule.
There is good agreement with the experimental results of the Fermi Group
at Chicago, the Lindenbaum Group at Brookhaven and others.
The GMO Sum Rule is often used in the analysis of the pion-nucleon system.
Oehme published a proper derivation of hadronic forward dispersion relations on the basis of
local quantum field theory in an article published in Il Nuovo Cimento. His proof remains
valid in gauge theories with confinement.
The analytic connection Oehme found between particle and antiparticle amplitudes is the first example of a fundamental feature of local quantum field theory: the crossing property. It is proven here, in a non-perturbative setting, on the basis of the analytic properties of amplitudes which are a consequence of locality and spectrum, like the dispersion relations. For generalizations, one still relies mostly on perturbation theory.
For the purpose of using the powerful methods of the theory of functions
of several complex variables for the proof of non-forward dispersion relations,
and for analytic properties of other Greens functions, Oehme formulated and proved a fundamental theorem which he called the “Edge of the Wedge Theorem” (“Keilkanten Theorem”). This work was done mainly in the Fall of 1956 at the Institute for Advanced Study in collaboration with Hans-Joachim Bremermann and John G. Taylor.
Using microscopic causality and spectral properties, the BOT theorem provides
an initial region of analyticity, which can be enlarged by "Analytic Completion".
Oehme first presented these results at the Princeton University Colloquium
during the winter semester 1956/57. Independently, a different and elaborate proof of
non-forward dispersion relations has been published by Nikolay Bogoliubov and collaborators.
The Edge of the Wedge Theorem of BOT has many other applications.
For example, it can be used to show that, in the presence of (spontaneous) violations of Lorentz invariance, micro-causality (locality), together
with positivity of the energy, implies Lorentz invariance of the energy-
momentum spectrum.
Together with Marvin L. Goldberger and Yoichiro Nambu, Oehme also has formulated dispersion relations
for nucleon-nucleon scattering.
Charge Conjugation Non-Conservation.
On August 7, 1956, Oehme wrote a letter to C.N. Yang in which it is
shown that weak interactions must violate charge conjugation conservation in the event
of a positive outcome of the polarization experiment in beta-decay. Since parity
conservation leads to the same restrictions, he points out that C and P must BOTH
be violated in order to get an asymmetry. Hence, at the level of ordinary weak
interactions, CP is the relevant symmetry, and not C and P individually.
asymmetry of the Universe.
The results of Oehme form the basis for the
later experimental effort to study CP Symmetry, and the fundamental discovery of non-conservation at a lower level of interaction strength.
As indicated above, the letter is reprinted
in the book on Selected Papers by C.N. Yang.
Prompted by the letter, T D Lee, R Oehme and C N Yang provided a detailed discussion of
the interplay of non-invariance under P, C and T, and of applications to
the Kaon - anti-Kaon complex. Their results are of importance for the description of the CP violation discovered later. In their paper the authors already consider non-invariance under T (time reversal)
and hence, given the assumption of CPT symmetry, also under CP.
Propagators and OZ Superconvergence Relations.
In connection with an exact structure analysis for gauge theory propagators,
undertaken by Oehme in collaboration with Wolfhart Zimmermann,
These results about propagators depend essentially only upon general principles.
Reduction of Quantum Field Theories.
As a general method of imposing restrictions on quantum field theories with
several parameters, Oehme and Zimmermann have introduced a theory of reduction
of coupling constants.
This method is based upon the renormalization group, and is more general than the
imposition of symmetries.
There are solutions of the reduction equations which do not correspond to additional symmetries, but may be related to other characteristic aspects of the theory. On the other hand, supersymmetric theories do come out as possible solutions. This is an important example for the appearance of supersymmetry without imposing it explicitly. The reduction theory is finding many applications, theoretical
and phenomenological.
Other Contributions.
Further contributions by Oehme, like those involving complex angular momentum,
(http://home.uchicago.edu/~roehme/).

</doc>
<doc id="18592510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592510" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 100 metre backstroke">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 100 metre backstroke

The final of the Men's 100 metres Backstroke event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Saturday 23 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18592523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592523" title="1925 in Norway">
1925 in Norway

Events in the year 1925 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="18592524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592524" title="Young Erne">
Young Erne

Young Erne is an American boxer from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. In his first 36 fights, he had a record of 28-2-6.
Young fought Tommy Love in Philadelphia. Tommy won by decision.
Young fought Abe Attell in Philadelphia twice. The first fight was a draw. The second fight, Abe won by decision.
Young fought Young Corbett II three times in Philadelphia. The first fight Young lost by decision. The second fight they fought to a draw. The third fight Young won by decision.
Young fought Aurelio Herrera in Philadelphia. Young won by decision.
Young fought Harry Lewis four times in Pennsylvania. The first fight Harry won by decision. Erne won the other three by decision.
Young fought Abe Attell again in Philadelphia. Erne won by decision.
Young fought Jimmy Briggs to a draw in Philadelphia.
Young fought Freddie Welsh in Philadelphia. Young lost by decision.
Young also fought Kid Lavigne in Philadelphia. Young won by TKO.
Young would fight Young Corbett II again in Philadelphia. Young lost by decision.
Young then fought Johnny Summers in Philadelphia. Young won by decision.
Young would also fight Harlem Tommy Murphy in Philadelphia. Young won by decision.
Young would fight Freddie Welsh again, losing by decision.
Young fought Harlem Tommy Murphy again in Philadelphia. Young won by decision.
Young fought Billy Willis in Philadelphia. Young won by decision.
Young fought Jack Britton in Philadelphia. Young won by decision.
Young fought Willie Fitzgerald in Philadelphia. Young won by decision.
Young would then go on to fight Leo Houck two straight times in Pennsylvania. Houck won both fights by decision.
Young fought Billy Willis again in Philadelphia. Young won by decision.
Young would meet Billy Willis again in Philadelphia. Young won by decision.
Young also met Packey McFarland in Philadelphia. Young lost by decision.
Young would meet Young Tommy Coleman three times in Philadelphia. The first fight Erne lost win by decision. The second fight Erne won by decision. The third fight resulted in a draw.
Young fought Mike Gibbons but lost by decision in Philadelphia.
Young fought Packey McFarland again in Philadelphia. Young lost by decision.
Young would meet Young Tommy Coleman two more times in Philadelphia. Young would go on to lose both fights by decision.

</doc>
<doc id="18592543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592543" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre backstroke">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre backstroke

The final of the Men's 200 metres Backstroke event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Thursday 21 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18592546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592546" title="John Dicks">
John Dicks

John Dicks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18592548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592548" title="Carrie Lam (politician)">
Carrie Lam (politician)

Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor, also known as Carrie Lam, GBS, JP (born 13 May 1957, Hong Kong) is a civil servant-turned politician from Hong Kong, currently the Chief Secretary for Administration of Hong Kong Government. She joined the Administrative Service in 1980, and was selected as the Secretary for Development of Hong Kong Government before she was chosen as the Chief Secretary for Administration by the new Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying.
Lam has served in various bureaux and departments, including as Director of Social Welfare Department (2000–2003), Permanent Secretary for Housing, Planning and Lands (Planning and Lands) (2003–2004), Director-General of Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office in London (2004–2006), and Permanent Secretary for Home Affairs (2006–2007).

</doc>
<doc id="18592550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592550" title="Mark Herbert">
Mark Herbert

Mark Herbert is a UK film producer and the head of the Sheffield-based production company Warp Films.
He produced: "Four Lions", "Dead Man's Shoes", and "Phoenix Nights" (TV comedy).
He was born in Doncaster, and studied Film Studies at Sheffield Hallam University (1991–94).

</doc>
<doc id="18592557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592557" title="1985 in Norway">
1985 in Norway

Events in the year 1985 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="18592562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592562" title="Mayer Kirshenblatt">
Mayer Kirshenblatt

Mayer Kirshenblatt (1916–2009) was born in Apt (Yiddish)/ Opatów (Polish) Poland. He left Poland in 1934 and settled in Toronto, Canada, where he ran a paint and wallpaper store for many years. In 2007, he and his daughter Barbara Kirshenblatt-Gimblett published "They Called Me Mayer July: Painted Memories of a Jewish Childhood before the Holocaust" (University of California Press in conjunction with the Judah L Magnes Museum). The book won the Canadian Jewish Book Award, J. I. Segal Book Award, and American Association of University Presses (AAUP) award for book design, and was a finalist in three categories for the National Jewish Book Award. An exhibition of his work, which opened at the Magnes Museum in 2007, will travel to The Jewish Museum (New York City), Jewish Historical Museum (Amsterdam), and Museum of the History of Polish Jews (Warsaw). The book and exhibition are the culmination of a forty-year collaboration between father and daughter. In 1967, Barbara began interviewing Mayer about his childhood. In 1990, at the urging of his wife, daughter, and son-in-law Max Gimblett, Mayer began to paint.

</doc>
<doc id="18592582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592582" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 100 metre breaststroke">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 100 metre breaststroke

The final of the Men's 100 metres Breaststroke event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Tuesday 19 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18592598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592598" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre breaststroke">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre breaststroke

The final of the Men's 200 metres Breaststroke event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Friday 1997-08-22 in Seville, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18592608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592608" title="Neustadt/Weinstrasse Railway Museum">
Neustadt/Weinstrasse Railway Museum

The Neustadt/Weinstrasse Railway Museum ("Eisenbahnmuseum Neustadt/Weinstraße") is one of the two railway museums run by the German Railway History Company, ("Deutsche Gesellschaft für Eisenbahngeschichte") or DGEG. It is located in the station at Neustadt an der Weinstraße. The other one is the Bochum Dahlhausen Railway Museum.
The Neustadt/Weinstrasse Railway Museum is housed in the historic locomotive shed of the Palatinate Railway, built in the very earliest days of the railways. in what was then the Bavarian Palatinate or "Pfalz". The engine shed is still largely in its original condition.
The focus of the Neustadt/Weinstrasse Railway Museum is vehicles of the former state railways in southern Germany. For example, the two remaining examples of steam locomotives from the time of the Palatine Railways are preserved here still in their original state: the T 1 "Schaidt" and a Palatine T 5. In addition a replica of an express train locomotive from the early railway period, ("Die Pfalz"), a Crampton engine, is on display. Vehicles from the Deutsche Reichsbahn era are the E 17 and ET 11. In addition the museum still has a range of passenger train coaches and goods wagons of the former Baden and Royal Württemberg State Railways, as well as the later standard DRG wagons. There is also a 1942 steam-powered rotary snow plough in the fleet.
Restoration and maintenance, upkeep of the buildings and operation of the associated museum railway are carried out by the society members. The preserved railway, called the Little Cuckoo Railway ("Kuckucksbähnel"), starts at Neustadt and heads into the Palatine Forest, west of Neustadt.

</doc>
<doc id="18592625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592625" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 100 metre butterfly">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 100 metre butterfly

The final of the Men's 100 metres Butterfly event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Wednesday 20 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18592630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592630" title="PDC Order of Merit">
PDC Order of Merit

The PDC Order of Merit is a world ranking system used by one of the darts organisations, the Professional Darts Corporation (PDC). Following the 2007 PDC World Darts Championship it superseded a world ranking system based on points being awarded for performances in ranking tournaments.
How it works.
The Order of Merit is similar to that employed in golf's European Tour. Prize money won during the previous two seasons is calculated and the rankings are determined from this money list.
The Professional Darts Corporation adopted an Order of Merit system in 2007, which is based on prize money won over two years for the main Order of Merit and separate one-year rankings for other PDC Pro Tour events.
Current PDC Order of Merit.
"1 to 48"

</doc>
<doc id="18592636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592636" title="Vandal (record producer)">
Vandal (record producer)

Vandal is a Techno, Breakbeat and Electronica producer from Sheffield, England. He is currently recording for Meat Katie's LOT49 record label.
Background.
Vandal's first vinyl release was in 2000 through big beat label Plastic Raygun, Vandal went on to release three more singles and five remixes via Plastic Raygun before moving to Meat Katie's LOT49 record label in 2005.
Vandal released the album 'Tonight We Riot' through LOT49 in 2010. Although Vandal had been releasing singles for a decade 'Tonight We Riot' was his debut long player, featuring collaborations with Ryan Shuck from the American band Julien-K amongst others.
Discography.
Singles
Albums

</doc>
<doc id="18592637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592637" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre butterfly">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre butterfly

The final of the Men's 200 metres Butterfly event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Saturday 23 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18592643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592643" title="K. C. Chan">
K. C. Chan

Professor Ceajer Ka-keung Chan (Traditional Chinese: 陳家強), SBS, JP (born 1957), also referred as KC Chan, is the Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury in the Government of Hong Kong. He is also the "ex officio" chairman of the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation, and an "ex officio" member of the Hong Kong International Theme Parks Board of Directors.
Education.
He holds a bachelor degree in economics awarded by Wesleyan University, followed by an MBA and a PhD in Finance from the University of Chicago.
Career.
Chan taught for nine years at Ohio State University. In 1993 he was named Dean of Business/Management and Professor of Finance at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology.
"Before joining the government, Chan held a number of public service positions including chairman of the Consumer Council and director of the Hong Kong Futures Exchange." He was also a member of the Exchange Fund Advisory Committee.
He joined the government on July 1, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18592648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592648" title="Resolver One">
Resolver One

Resolver One is a Spreadsheet program created by Resolver Systems with the IronPython programming language. It is a desktop application, with a web server version, and intended as a platform for the rapid development of business applications. It runs on Microsoft Windows, and is free for use in Open Source projects.
Resolver One combines the functionality of a spreadsheet and an IDE. Spreadsheets are turned into Python code and executed in real-time. Code can be mixed, using both Python and .NET libraries. Spreadsheets can also be exported as stand alone programs.
On 3 October 2012, Resolver Systems announced that the product had reached its end of life, and would no longer be developed, due to insufficient sales.

</doc>
<doc id="18592649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592649" title="Bezirksliga Main">
Bezirksliga Main

The Bezirksliga Main-Hessen was the highest association football league in the German state of Hesse and the Prussian province of Hesse-Nassau from 1923 to 1927, when the league was replaced by the "Bezirksliga Main-Hessen".
Overview.
The league was formed in 1923, after a league reform which was decided upon in Darmstadt, Hesse. It replaced the "Kreisliga Nordmain" and the "Kreisliga Südmain" as the highest leagues in the region. Apart from clubs from Hesse, with the Viktoria Aschaffenburg, the league also included one club from Bavaria.
The "Bezirksliga Main", named after the river Main, started out with eight teams, playing each other in a home-and-away round with the league winner advancing to the Southern German championship, which in turn was a qualification tournament for the German championship. 
The league modus remained unchanged for its first three seasons, 1923–24, 1924–25 and 1925-26. For its last edition however, it expanded to ten clubs. Additionally, the leagues runners-up also qualified for a "consolidation" round with the other runners-up of the southern "Bezirksligas". The winner of this round was awarded the third entry spot for the south to the German finals.
In an attempt to bring all Southern German leagues to a similar system, the "Bezirksligas" were reorganised in 1927. For the "Bezirksliga Main", this meant, it joined with the northern clubs of the "Bezirksliga Rheinhessen-Saar" to form the new "Bezirksliga Main-Hessen". In practice, this meant little change for the league as the new "Bezirksliga" was immediately sub-divided into two independent, regional divisions. Out of the ten clubs in the league, nine went to the new "Bezirksliga Main-Hessen - Main division", only the VfL Neu-Isenburg found itself grouped into the "Hessen division" of the new league.
National success.
Southern German championship.
Qualified teams and their success:
German championship.
Qualified teams and their success:
Founding members of the league.
The league was formed from eight teams:
Placings in the Bezirksliga Main 1923 to 1927.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="18592650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592650" title="Brunilde Sismondo Ridgway">
Brunilde Sismondo Ridgway

Brunilde Sismondo Ridgway (born 1929 in Chieti) is an Italian art historian and specialist in ancient Greek sculpture.
Life.
The daughter of an Italian officer, she spent her childhood in Ethiopia, where her father was stationed. After World War II, she studied classics at the University of Messina, where she obtained her degree in 1953 in classics. An archaeology scholarship allowed her to continue her studies at Bryn Mawr College in Pennsylvania, where she came under the tutelage of Rhys Carpenter. At the end of her MA, she wrote her thesis on archaic sculpture at the American School of Classical Studies at Athens. She received her Ph.D in 1958 and returned as a teacher to Bryn Mawr, where she spent most of her career. In 1977 she was named Rhys Carpenter Professor of Classical and Near Eastern Archaeology, which she held until her retirement in 1997. In 1988 she won the Gold Medal of the Archaeological Institute of America. She married the physician Henry W. Ridgway in 1958.
Views and opinions.
Brunilde Ridgway is, in keeping with her mentor Rhys Carpenter, a follower of the radical questioning of the "Meisterforschung" (or search for the masterpiece or archetype that inspired a replica series) that dominated the history of Greek art since Adolf Furtwängler. Elaborating on Carpenter's remark that Greek sculpture is “the anonymous product of an impersonal craft.”, she maintains that the notion of the artistic personality doesn’t emerge in the West before the fifteenth century AD. She also addresses the "Kopienforschung" ("copy research") of Johann Joachim Winckelmann, who is finding a type statuary through its Roman copies, focusing on identifying the originality of Roman sculptors. Rather sceptical vis-à-vis the literary sources, she sticks to the stylistic analysis of the works.
Known for the safety of her erudition and for the stimulating quality of its analyses, it has been criticized, like Carpenter, for what was described as a "devastating" or "systematic scepticism”, or revisionism.
Writings (selected).
Her main works and writings are:

</doc>
<doc id="18592652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592652" title="2008 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship Division B">
2008 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship Division B

Squads.
At the start of tournament, all 20 participating countries will have 12 players on their roster.

</doc>
<doc id="18592662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592662" title="Salina, Kansas micropolitan area">
Salina, Kansas micropolitan area

The Salina Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in Kansas, anchored by the city of Salina.
As of the 2010 census, the μSA had a population of 61,697 (though a July 1, 2012 estimate placed the population at 62,060).
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 59,760 people, 23,866 households, and 15,930 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 90.04% White, 2.83% African American, 0.51% Native American, 1.54% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 3.02% from other races, and 2.03% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.54% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $37,659, and the median income for a family was $46,198. Males had a median income of $31,135 versus $21,714 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $18,368.

</doc>
<doc id="18592678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592678" title="Maskiot">
Maskiot

Maskiot (, "lit."Arty Bowls) is an Israeli settlement in the West Bank. It is named after the Bible (Proverbs 25:11): "A word aptly spoken is like apples of gold in arty bowls." Located in the northern Jordan Valley, it falls under the jurisdiction of Bik'at HaYarden Regional Council. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
It was founded as a Nahal settlement, and in July 2008 it was reportedly close to being expanded. According to Israeli Radio, the expansion was part of a deal between settlers in Israeli Outposts established without the permission of the Israeli Government and the Israeli Defense Ministry. Many of Maskiot's residents are planned to be settlers previously evicted from Gush Katif in the Gaza Strip as part of Israel's unilateral disengagement plan. Twenty housing units will be built for evacuees of Shirat HaYam.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said he was "deeply concerned" over the new Maskiot plan, whereas the British government said it was "dismayed". A spokesman for US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said that the settlement expansion was "not helpful", and "inconsistent with Israel's commitment to the roadmap".

</doc>
<doc id="18592680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592680" title="FDB">
FDB

FDB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18592690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592690" title="Fawfieldhead">
Fawfieldhead

Fawfieldhead is a civil parish in Staffordshire, England. It is situated north-east of Leek and south of Buxton, in the Peak District National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18592696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592696" title="C. M. College">
C. M. College

C. M. College is located in Darbhanga, India near Quila Ghat on the bank of the Bagmati River. This college provides higher education in the arts and humanities. The faculty of the college consists of 68 well-qualified, permanent teachers, who are supported by a non-teaching staff of 59. The college has a well-stocked library, computer centre, health care centre, hostel, and housing for faculty and staff. There is a bank and post office located on campus.
See also.
Media coverage of CM College, Darbhanga, Bihar
NAAC report of CM College
Section 1 : Preface
The Chandradhi Mithila (C.M) College Darbhanga volunteered to be assessed by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) and conducted the preliminary self-study in early 2003. The self-study report was submitted to NAAC by the institution in November 2003. A PEER Team was constituted by the council to visit the institution and validate the self-study report.
The Peer team consisting of Prof. S.N.Behera, former Vice-Chancellor, Berhampur University as Chairperson and Professor (Dr).Nihar Ranjan Patnaik, Professor of History, Ravenshaw Autonomous College, Cuttack as Member Co-ordinator visited the institution for two days during 19th and 20th January 2005.
The C.M.College, a coeducational institution and a constituent college of L.N.Mithila University is situated in an area covering 18.205 acres and was established in 1938. Presently it has 3211 students, out of which 3058 are in under graduate level and 160 in post-graduate (PG) studies. The college offers 29 programmes including 13 UG, 08 PG, 07 Vocational and 01 certificate courses. The institution has got UGC recognition under 2f in 1976. The college has an urban location .
The college has well qualified teaching faculty with the strength of 68, all of them being permanent teachers. There are 59 members as non-teaching staff. The college has a well stocked central library, Computer centre, Health care centre , Hostel , Housing for teaching and non teaching staff, a cycle shed and a bank and post office in the campus.
The PEER team carefully perused and analyzed the self-study report submitted by the institution. During the institutional visit, the team went through all the relevant documents , visited the Departments and the facilities, and interacted with various constituents of the institution. The academic, co-curricular, extra-curricular, sports and extension facilities of the institution were visited .The PEER team also interacted at length with the representative of the University, the Head of the institution, faculty, non-teaching staff, students, parents and alumni associated with the institution. Based on the above exercise, and keeping in mind the criteria identified by NAAC, the PEER team has taken the value judgment. The assessment of the institution under various criteria, the commendable features of the institution as well as the issues of concern are given in the following pages. On behalf of the NAAC , Dr. B.R.Manjunath, the Academic consultant coordinated the visit of NAAC team.
Section 2 : Criterion wise Analysis
Criterion I : Curricular Aspects
Established in 1938, C.M.College has the distinction of being the first college in entire Mithilanchal region and till date it is the leading college of Darbhanga with only Arts & Commerce stream. As a constituent institution of L.N.Mithila University, the college follows the syllabi prescribed by the University in non-semester (annual) pattern. Besides Commerce, the college provides teaching in twelve subjects viz. English, History, Economics, Political Science, Maithli, Philosphy, Psychology, Hindi, Mathematics, urdu & Persian, Sociology and Sanskrit. The college has 22 programmes out of which 13 in under-graduate level and 08 in post-graduate level. There is also one certificate course in 'Saral Sanskirt Sambhyasm', a course for Bachelor in Computer Application and some vocational courses.
The programmes are of conventional nature, It is because, institution is working as a constituent unit of L.N.Mithila University. Therefore, college has little scope to frame its own syllabi. But the syllabus committees of the University comprises invariably one member of each subject from this college. This enables the teachers of the college to work in curricula design, review and updating. The academic programmes of the college seem to be flexible with elective options, Non-core options and horizontal mobility.
The college has taken a positive step in introducing a certificate course in 'Saral Sanskrit Sambhyasam' and another course for Bachelor in Computer Application (BCA). Furthermore, 6 vocational courses are recently sanctioned by the UGC from academic year 2005-2006 in following subjects.(A) Under Arts & Social Science -(i) Creating Writing & Translation (ii) Journalism (iii) Library and Information Science (B) Under Faculty of Commerce - (i) Hospitality & Catering Management (ii) E-Commerce (iii) Foreign Trade
No academic audit has been done for the college by the university.
Criterion II: Teaching-Learning and Evaluation
Admission to the different subject courses of the college is based on the students' academic records in certain cases written tests and viva-voice are conducted for admission. Interaction with the concern faculty members and the students is encouraged to assess students' knowledge and skill for concerned programmes.
Different departments organized tests including Terminal Test Examination to assess students' knowledge and skill. They are also assessed through home task and students-teachers interactions. The college provides bridge/remedial course to educationally disadvantaged students by taking separate classes for them. To motivate the students, group discussion, seminars, symposia are organized by different departments.
For each academic session, the teacher prepare teaching plan for the academic session and accordingly they finish the course. Progress in teachings is monitored through concerned Head of the Departments and extra classes are taken to finish the course. One overhead projector set is available in the college as a teaching aid. Some department arranged field study programmes.
The college has 68 permanent teachers out of which there are 57 Ph.D and 01 M.Phil holders. In 2002-2003 academic session, out of 240 working days , there are 164 teaching days of the college. The teachers attending the National seminars, Orientation course and Refresher course of the concern- ed subjects.
Teachers are recruited on requisition of the college to the University and from University to Bihar State University (Constituent Colleges) Service Commission , Patna. The Commission conduct written test and viva-voice.
The panel of names recommended by the Commission are placed before the Syndicate of the University for approval. On approval of the Syndicate, appointments are made by the Vice-chancellor.The college can appoint any part-time or guest teachers on adhoc basis, when it is required (as in case of BCA classes). Payment of their salaries is met from UGC fund (as in case of BCA classes) or college fund collected from the students.
Criterion III : Research Consultancy and Extension.
The college encourages the teachers to conduct research by giving study-leave and adjusting teaching schedule.67% of teachers are engaged in research work in the college. Under the teachers 34 scholars have registered as full time scholars for Ph.D degree and 18 as part-time scholars. A major research project has been received by the college with total outlay of Rs. 3,35100/-.
The teachers of the college use to participate in the Seminars, Workshop and Symposia.
College has its extension activities such as Community development, Social Work, Health & Hygiene awareness, Adult education and Literacy, AIDS awareness and Environmental awareness. The college motivates the students to participate in extension activities by awarding certificates for good work. It also does its plan and work in extension activities through NGO and G.O. These are conducted mostly by the NSS and NCC units.
Departmental seminars are conducted regularly. Besides, college level seminars are held in which college students and staff members take part actively.
Criterion IV : Infrastructure and Learning Resources
C.M.College has an area of 18.205 Acres located in an urban area like Darbhanga. The college has a good building containing Principal chamber, Office, Classrooms, Students Common rooms, IGNOU and big cycle stand.
Besides there are separate rooms for every departments, a health care centre and a swimming pool.A gigantic Multipurpose Hall is under construction.
The college has maintained its infrastructure through internal resources. The college has spacious and well-ventilated classrooms. The college has 2 storey students hostel having 125 seats, recreation rooms, superintendent office, mess, a guestroom and garden.There is also an orchad and some land utilized for cultivation.
The college has 27 quarters for teaching and non-teaching staff. There is also a Principal quarters. The college library is with reading room and book bank facility. It has nearly 80,000 books. There are 700 old collected journals in the library. There is no computerization process or audio-visual and reprographic facilities in the library. The library remains open on all working days from 7:00 a.m to 5:00 p.m. There is an advisory committee of the library. Inter-library exchange system does not work in the college. But library contains very good collections, which are rarely found in other reputed colleges.
The college does not have a central computer facility. But for administrative and teaching work there is a computer in the college which is used by different departments as well as office when required. BCA laboratory has 8 computers with Networking. Recently a grant of Rs. 55000/- i.e. Non-Recurring grant of Rs. 45000/- for the purchase of additional computer facilities and Recurring grant of Rs. 10,000/- for Internet connectivity has been sanctioned by the UGC to the college.
There is a playground for outdoor games and a common room for
indoor games. One permanent PTI has been posted to provide the knowledge on physical education to the students. Participation of the students in State or University level meets is satisfactory.
One doctor on call come to the college for student health care.
The grievance redressal mechanism works in the college. The Principal and his Advisory committee look into the complaints. It is learnt that there was a beautiful garden in the college campus, which was washed away by the devastating flood of the last year.
Criterion V : Students support and Progression
The college published an updated prospectus reflecting various course offered, hostel facilities, eligibility criteria, fee structure, different societies etc.
The students' strength is 3051 in U.G. and 160 in P.G. The students are of state of Bihar. But few students of the college are from NEPAL and a student from Korea. The pass percentage of the students , as stated for the batch of 2002 is 91.3% in U.G and in P.G. result is awaited. The dropout rate, as for the batch of 2002 is 18.4% in U.G and 24.8% in P.G.
Scholarship for SC, BC and Physically handicapped students are given by the State Government. College arranges some financial aids for the needy students provided by various Trust in addition to the poor boys fund.
The college has no employment and placement cell.
The college tries to provide a variety of recreational facilities to the students in the campus.
There is no Alumni Association in the college.
The college publishes a magazine annually.
Criterion VI : Organization and Management
C.M.College of Darbhanga was established in 1938 and it is one of the oldest colleges of Bihar. This is a constituent of the L.N.Mithila University, Darbhanga. Being a constituent college of the University, it has no separate Governing Body.
There are different committees in the college which have been demarcated with the area of their responsibilities. The objectives and functions the committees ensure decentralization and transparency of administration. The Principal with the help of departmental council and Staff Council monitored and coordinate the academic and administrative function of the college.
College prepares its annual budget. The expenditure for the year 2004-2005 was Rs.24551881/-. The receipt of the college for 2004-2005 is Rs.2538089/- . Financial resources of the college come mainly from student's fees, Govt. grant and self-financing courses.
The college has system of internal audit. Generally, a Chartered Accountant is being appointed by the University to conduct the internal audit of the college. The report of internal auditor for the year 2003-2004 has been satisfactory on the whole.
No loan facility is available to the employees except for loans from their own provident fund.
The Principal has the responsibility of monitoring the performance of
Non-teaching staff. There is no staff development programme for training of the non-teaching staff.
Criterion VII : Healthy Practices
The PEER Team has identified some good practices designed to improve the administration and academic performance of the college. These are listed below.
Section 3: Overall Analysis
The Peer team, after going through the self-study report and after its visit to various academic and physical facilities, is very much impressed by the progress of the C.M.College in imparting instruction in many branches of learning with a view to provide for research and advancement and decimination of knowledge which is the goal of the institution. The College has earned a reputation for imparting quality education and sense of discipline to the younger generation.
The peer team considers that there are a number of features of C.M.College's approach to quality assurance and standards which it would wish to commend. Also, the peer team would like to bring to the attention of the college certain concerns for its consideration.
(a) Commendations:
The Peer team would like to commend the institution for the following aspects:
Recommendations:
Keeping in view the future plans of the institution the Peer team would like to recommend the following to the institution for its consideration:
Formal mechanism for collecting feedback from students on the various aspects of their learning experience at the departmental/ institutional level may be instituted.
The Peer team is of the opinion that this exercise will be useful to the institution to initiate the quality enhancement strategies towards further growth and development. The Peer team wishes the college of success in future.
The Peer team sincerely acknowledges the cooperation and support extended by the Principal, Teachers, Students, Staff members, Parents and Alumni.
The Team notes with pleasure that in spite of several odds the college is making its best effort to keep pace with changing times to sustain the quality in its academic programmes. The PEER Team wishes that the C.M.College, Darbhanga will be able to realize fully its mission of imparting value-based higher education in the region in near future.
Sources.
principal :- Dr. Sashi Bhushan Singh

</doc>
<doc id="18592722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592722" title="Doleantie">
Doleantie

The Doleantie (from Latin "dolere", 'to feel sorrow') was the name of a prominent schism in the Dutch Reformed Church ("Nederlands Hervormde Kerk") which took place in 1886 and was led by the renowned minister Abraham Kuyper. The Doleantie was not the first schism in the Dutch Reformed Church. In 1834 another schism, the Secession of 1834 "(Afscheiding van 1834)", had led to the formation of the Christian Reformed Church in the Netherlands "(Christelijke Gereformeerde Kerk in Nederland)". 
In 1885 the first moves towards schism were made when Kuyper and his supporters issued a formal complaint about the perceived excessive liberal and progressive practices in the Dutch Reformed Church. Their complaint never won broad support within the Dutch Reformed Church and in the winter of 1885-1886 the call for schism grew stronger amongst a large number of conservative congregations in the Dutch Reformed Church. Most of these congregations were located in what is today the Dutch Bible Belt and especially in the Veluwe area.
The first congregation to secede was Kootwijk, which appointed a minister trained at the Free University of Amsterdam without waiting for permission of the "classis" of the Dutch Reformed Church on February 7, 1886. The following day the congregation in Voorthuizen followed suit.
The seceded congregations united in the "Low German Reformed Church (Dolerende)" ("Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk (Dolerende)"). "Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk" had been the official name of the Dutch Reformed Church until 1816 and with this name the seceded churches wanted to show that they thought of themselves as the legitimate continuation of this church, which was highly prominent in the Dutch Republic. The suffix "(Dolerende)", meaning 'those who feel sorrow', was added to show their disapproval with the Dutch Reformed Church. 
Later in 1886 Kuyper and his supporters occupied the New Church in Amsterdam, the seat of the governing body of the Reformed Church, to force a settlement in the conflict over church property that had followed the Doleantie. In July 1886 the "dolerenden" had to accept a verdict against them.
In 1892 the "Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerken (Dolerende)" merged with the Christian Reformed Church in the Netherlands to form the Reformed Churches in the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="18592726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592726" title="The Look Presents">
The Look Presents

The Look Presents is a fashion label created by author Paul Gorman as a spin-off from his book .
The Look Presents was available through British retailer Topman with three collections in 2008-10: T-shirts by the 70s label Wonder Workshop and Nigel Waymouth, founder of King's Road store Granny Takes a Trip, as well as Priceless, ready-to-wear suits and other menswear by Antony Price, designer for Roxy Music, Bryan Ferry and Duran Duran.
In 2011 The Look Presents is a collaboration with artists John & Molly Dove on a special edition of their "Wild Thing" t-shirt, as worn by Marc Bolan and Sid Vicious.

</doc>
<doc id="18592734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592734" title="Elinor Mavor">
Elinor Mavor

Elinor Mavor (born c. 1936) was the editor of "Amazing Stories" and "Fantastic" from early 1979 until late 1982. She had done illustrations and production work for several magazines, working for Arthur Bernhard. She had also been an editor at "Bill of Fare", a restaurant trade magazine. When Ted White resigned from Bernhard's UPD in November 1978, Mavor became the editor of both Bernhard's science fiction magazines. She had read a good deal of science fiction but knew nothing about the world of science fiction magazines.
For the first few issues Mavor used the pseudonym of "Omar Gohagen", as she was unsure whether a woman editor could be accepted by the readership. Her tenure saw the magazines improve in the quality of the graphics, but she was unable to make the magazines successful. In 1980, "Fantastic" was merged with "Amazing"; and in May 1982, TSR, Inc. acquired "Amazing" from Bernhard, who was retiring. By this time the circulation had dropped to only about 11,000. George H. Scithers took over as editor for TSR.

</doc>
<doc id="18592736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592736" title="Israeli outpost">
Israeli outpost

The term Israeli outpost (, "Ma'ahaz" lit. "a handhold") usually refers to an unauthorized or illegal Israeli settlement within the West Bank, constructed without the required authorization from the Israeli government in contravention of Israeli statutes regulating planning and construction. In Israeli law, outposts are distinguished from settlements authorized by the Israeli government. This distinction between illegal outposts and "legal" settlements is not endorsed by international law, which considers both a violation of the norms, governing belligerent occupations, applicable to the West Bank.
Outposts appeared after the 1993 Oslo I Accord, when the Israeli government made commitments to freeze the building of new settlements. Although outposts were not officially supported by the government, Israeli public authorities and other government bodies played a major role in establishing and developing them, according to the 2005 Sasson Report, commissioned by then Prime Minister Ariel Sharon. 
Outposts differ from neighborhoods in that they are built at a substantial distance from authorized settlements, while neighborhoods are attached to an existing settlement.
In July 2002, the Israeli government acknowledged that 69 outposts had been established since 1996. A number of them, most unpopulated, have been removed afterwards. Currently, some hundred outposts exist. The majority of them, some 70 in 2002, belong to the Amana movement.
In 2012, ten unauthorized outposts were retroactively legalised by the Israeli government under Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu, according to the Israeli NGO Peace Now, by redesignating them as a neighbourhood of nearby settlements. 
Outposts often are provided with security by the Israel Defense Forces. The term "outpost" may also refer to a military outpost.
Background.
In 1993, the Rabin Government made commitments to freeze the building of new settlements. After then, however, settlers built new settlements without governmental decision, but often with the involvement of Israeli public authorities and other government bodies and government ministries, such as the Ministry of Housing and Construction, the Settlement Division of the World Zionist Organization and the Israeli Civil Administration. The Sasson Report, commissioned by then Prime Minister Ariel Sharon found that the proliferation of outposts was a continuation of the Israeli settlement enterprise and makes it clear that "“an unauthorized outpost is not a “semi legal” outpost. Unauthorized is illegal.”"
Characteristics of an outpost.
The population of outposts generally numbers between a few and some 400 people and they are usually composed of modular homes, such as caravans. However, they can also be further developed, having more permanent housing as well as "paved roads, bus stops, synagogues and playgrounds."
According to the 2005 Sasson Report, there are four principal characteristics of an unauthorized outpost:
Sasson defines an outpost as a (unauthorized) settlement not attached to an existing settlement. If attached, it is regarded as an unauthorized neighborhood. Moreover, outposts can be built either within or beyond the officially determined municipal boundaries. Although the Israeli government acknowledges that settlements built on land privately owned by Palestinians are illegal, it usually provides them with military defense, access to public utilities, and other infrastructure.
Outposts versus neighborhood.
Outposts differ from neighborhoods in that they are built at a substantial distance from authorized settlements. Like outposts, neighborhoods such as Ulpana in Beit El still can be built without authorization. Because the difference is obscure, often disputes rise whether new houses are expansion (thickening) of an existing settlement or the start of a new outpost. According to Peace Now, the Israeli government is playing a trick by legalizing outposts as a neighborhood of an existing settlement
Types of outposts.
Outposts on state land and on private lands.
Israel distincts outposts built on state land and those built on privately owned lands. Since the Elon Moreh case in 1979 before the Israeli Supreme Court, the Government formally follows the policy not to allow new settlements on private Palestinian lands.
(p.13) Government Decision No. 145 of 1 November 1979: ""On 11 November 1979, about one month after the ruling in the Elon Moreh case, the government decided "to expand the settlement in Judea, Samaria, the Jordan Valley, the Gaza Strip and the Golan Heights by increasing the population of the existing communities and by establishing new communities on state-owned land.""
(p.59): ""International law, forbids the occupying power to change the local law in force in the occupied area on the eve of its occupation, unless such a change is necessary for security needs or for the benefit of the local population.""</ref>
The Netanyahu government seeks to legalize outposts on state land and dismantle those on private lands. As this state land is part of the Occupied Territories, authorization can only make them legal according to Israeli law; it does not change their illegal status under international law.
In the West Bank, there are two types of state land: 
Most of the state land belongs to the latter type. According to B'Tselem, the declaration as state land was doubtful in many instances. Israel pretends to apply Ottoman land laws, but uses an interpretation of law that differs from the Ottoman/British Mandate/Jordanian rule. The latter never used declaration of state land as a method to take over lands. International law forbids the occupying power to change the local law in force in the occupied area (in force on the eve of its occupation), unless such a change is necessary for security needs or for the benefit of the local population.
"Dummy" outposts.
"Dummy" outposts are uninhabited outposts. Apparently, some of them were used to distract the IDF in order to prevent evacuation of occupied outposts. Others are destined to improve negotiation positions by offering extra outposts to remove and show the world that the State is dismantling outposts, The idea of the "dummy" outposts is attributed to Ze'ev Hever, a former leader of the Jewish Underground. The Sasson Report found that most of the evacuated outposts were unpopulated.
Military outposts.
In theory, military outposts are temporary occupations for military strategic purposes, not for settlement of civilians. In the Occupied Territories, however, they became a principal way to start civilian settlements. In Palestine, this were typically Nahal settlements.
Number of outposts.
Currently, some hundred outposts exist. The Sasson Report gave a provisional figure of 105 unauthorized outposts by March 2005, although Sasson did not have the disposal of all the necessary information. It found that 26 outposts were on state lands, 15 on private Palestinian lands and 7 on survey lands. The definition of outposts, neighborhoods and authorized settlements may differ between concerned parties. Due to different interpretation, the number of outposts (and of settlements as well) may differ in statistics.
In 2012, four new outposts were established with 317 new housing units built without building permits: Tzofin Tzafon (Tzofin North) outside the Tzofim settlement near Qalqilyah, Nahlei Tal outside the Talmon settlement near Ramallah, Nahalat Yosef near Nablus and Hill 573 as part of the expansion of the settlement Itamar, according to Peace Now.
Roadmap for Peace.
In the framework of the 2003 Roadmap for Peace, Israel committed itself under Prime Minister Sharon to evacuate outposts, erected from March 2001, the start of the Sharon government. The Israeli government gave the U.S. a list of 28 unauthorized outposts erected in the West Bank since that date, of which 12 were ordered to be removed, "while some of the remaining 16 outposts in the process of being approved and planned," according to the Israeli daily "Haaretz". However, the Israeli NGO Peace Now claimed that there are 45 unauthorized outposts erected in the West Bank after March 2001. Israel did not meet the commitment under the Roadmap. It dismantled few manned outposts and none of the larger ones.
The Government opposes the evacuation of older outposts. After March 2001 outposts were further expanded.
Legalising outposts.
In the ""Blue Line""-plan, written in January 2011, at least 26 outposts were included in areas defined as ""state lands"". Left-wing activist "Dror Etkes" said, this means the state has started a process to legitimize these outposts. In March 2011, the Israeli government under Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu declared that it intended to legalise outposts that were built on state land, and to evict the outposts that are on private Palestinian lands.
According to the Israeli NGO Peace Now, the Israeli government under Netanyahu legalised ten illegal outposts in 2012, being the only Israeli government to ever authorize outposts. In February 2012, approval was quietly granted to the outpost Shvut Rachel by redesignating it as a “neighborhood” of the nearby settlement of Shilo, in April of the same year, legal status was conferred on the three outposts Bruchin, Rechelim and Sansana. The Minister of Defense also approved the promotion of plans that will legalize the outposts Nofei Nehemia, Mitzpe Eshtemoa, and El Matan as “neighborhoods” of other settlements or outposts, and in June 2012, the outpost Givat Salit in the northern Jordan Valley was retroactively legalised by redesignating it as a neighbourhood of the nearby Mehola settlement, from which it is separated by a major inter-city highway.
Levy Report.
In late January 2012, Prime Minister Netanyahu appointed a three member committee headed by former Israeli Supreme Court justice Edmund Levy, dubbed the “outpost committee”, to investigate the legal status of unauthorized West Bank Jewish settlements. The Levy Report published in July 2012, which comes to the conclusion that Israel's presence in the West Bank is not occupation, recommends state approval for unauthorized outposts, and provides proposals for new guidelines for settlement construction.
As of April 2013, the report was not brought before the Israeli cabinet or any parliamentary or governmental body which would have the power to approve it.

</doc>
<doc id="18592743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592743" title="Vancouver, Washington">
Vancouver, Washington

Vancouver is a city on the north bank of the Columbia River in the U.S. State of Washington. Incorporated in 1857, it is the fourth largest city in the state, with a 2010 census population of 161,791 as of April 1, 2010 census. Vancouver is the county seat of Clark County and forms part of the Portland-Vancouver metropolitan area, the 23rd-largest metropolitan area in the United States. In 2005, Money magazine named it No. 91 on its list of best places in America to live.
Etymology.
Vancouver shares its name with the larger city of Vancouver located north in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Both cities were named in honor of sea captain George Vancouver, although the Canadian city was incorporated 29 years after the incorporation of Vancouver, Washington. This occurred more than 60 years after the name Vancouver was first used in reference to the historic Fort Vancouver trading post on the Columbia River. City officials have periodically suggested changing the U.S. city's name to Fort Vancouver, Vancouver USA, or even Old Vancouver to reduce confusion with its northern neighbor. Many Pacific Northwest residents distinguish between the two cities by referring to the Canadian city as "Vancouver, B.C." and the United States one as "Vancouver, Washington," or "Vancouver USA." Local nicknames include: "Vantucky" (though the nickname is often used as a derogatory term)" and "The 'Couv(e)". In 2013, the nickname "Vansterdam" surfaced as a result of the legalization of marijuana in the state of Washington. This name is a clear reference to Amsterdam in the Netherlands.
History.
The Vancouver, Washington, area was inhabited by a variety of Native American tribes, most recently the Chinook and Klickitat nations, with permanent settlements of timber longhouses. The Chinookan and Klickitat names for the area were reportedly "Skit-so-to-ho" and "Ala-si-kas," respectively, meaning "land of the mud-turtles." First European contact was in 1775, with approximately half of the indigenous population dead from smallpox before the Lewis and Clark expedition camped in the area in 1806. Within another fifty years, other actions and diseases such as measles, malaria and influenza had reduced the Chinookan population from an estimated 80,000 "to a few dozen refugees, landless, slaveless and swindled out of a treaty."
Meriwether Lewis wrote that the Vancouver area was "the only desired situation for settlement west of the Rocky Mountains." The first permanent European settlement did not occur until 1824, when Fort Vancouver was established as a fur trading post of the Hudson's Bay Company. From that time on, the area was settled by both the US and Britain under a "joint occupation" agreement. Joint occupation led to the Oregon boundary dispute and ended on June 15, 1846, with the signing of the Oregon Treaty, which gave the United States full control of the area. Before 1845, American Henry Williamson laid out a large claim west of the Hudson's Bay Company (including part of the present-day Port of Vancouver), called Vancouver City and properly registered his claim at the U.S. courthouse in Oregon City, before leaving for California. In 1850, Amos Short traced over the claim of Williamson and named the town Columbia City. It changed to Vancouver in 1855. The City of Vancouver was incorporated on January 23, 1857.
Based on an act in the 1859–60 legislature, Vancouver was briefly the capital of Washington Territory, before capital status was returned to Olympia, Washington by a 2–1 ruling of the territory's supreme court, in accordance with Isaac Stevens' preference and concern that proximity to Oregon might give its southern neighbor undue influence.
U.S. Army Captain (and future President) Ulysses S. Grant was quartermaster at what was then known as Columbia Barracks for 15 months beginning in September 1852. Soon after leaving Vancouver, he resigned from the army and did not serve again until the outbreak of the American Civil War. Other notable generals to have served in Vancouver include George B. McClellan, Philip Sheridan, Oliver O. Howard and 1953 Nobel Peace Prize recipient George Marshall.
Army presence in Vancouver was very strong, as the Department of the Columbia built and moved to Vancouver Barracks, the military reservation for which stretched from the river to what is currently Fourth Plain Boulevard and was the largest Army base in the region until surpassed by Fort Lewis, to the north. Built on the old company gardens and skirmish range, Pearson Army Field (later Pearson Field) was a key facility, and at one point the US Army Signal Corps operated the largest spruce cut-up plant in the world to provide much-needed wood for airplanes. Vancouver became the end point for two ultra-long flights from Moscow, USSR over the North Pole. The first of these flights was performed by Valery Chkalov in 1937 on a Tupolev ANT-25RD airplane. Chkalov was originally scheduled to land at an airstrip in nearby Portland, Oregon, but redirected at the last minute to Vancouver's Pearson Airfield. Today there is a street named for him in Vancouver. In 1975 an obelisk was erected at Pearson Field commemorating this event.
Separated from Oregon until 1917, when the Interstate Bridge began to replace ferries, Vancouver had three shipyards just downstream which produced ships for World War I before World War II brought an enormous economic boom. An Alcoa aluminum plant opened on September 2, 1940, using inexpensive power from the nearby New Deal hydropower turbines at Bonneville Dam. After the bombing of Pearl Harbor, Henry Kaiser opened a shipyard next to the U.S. Army reserve, which by 1944 employed as many as 36,000 people in a twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week production of liberty ships, LST's, and "baby flat tops." This influx of shipyard workers boosted the population from 18,000 to over 80,000 in just a few months, leading to the creation of the Vancouver Housing Authority and six new residential developments: Fruit Valley, Fourth Plain Village, Bagley Downs, Ogden Meadows, Burton Homes and McLoughlin Heights. Each of these was later incorporated into the city, and are well-known neighborhoods, while the neighboring "shipyard city" of Vanport, Oregon, would be destroyed by the Memorial Day flood of 1948.
Vancouver has recently experienced conflicts with other Clark County communities because of rapid growth in the area. The city's first annexation more than doubled its size in 1909, with the largest annexation of 1997 adding and 58,171 residents. As a result of urban growth and the 1997 annexation, Vancouver is often thought of as split between two areas, East and West Vancouver, divided by NE Andresen Road. West Vancouver is home to downtown Vancouver and some of the more historical parts of the city, as well as recent high-density mixed-use development.
More than one-third of the Vancouver urban area's population lives in unincorporated urban area north of the city limits, including the communities of Hazel Dell, Felida, Orchards and Salmon Creek. If county leaders had approved a major annexation plan in 2006, Vancouver would have passed Tacoma and Spokane to become the state's second-largest city.
Geography and climate.
Vancouver is located at 45°38′1″ North, 122°36′11″ West (45.633743, −122.603011) just north of the Columbia River, just west of where the Columbia River Gorge bisects the volcanic Cascade Range and just east of where the Willamette River enters the Columbia. The city of Vancouver is in the Western Lowlands region of Washington. When clouds do not blanket the Puget-Willamette trough formed by the Cascade and Coast Range, Mount Hood, Mount Saint Helens, Mount Jefferson and Mount Adams are all visible from Vancouver.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which, is land and is water.
Vancouver lies just north of Portland, Oregon and shares a similar climate. Both are classified as dry-summer subtropical (Csb) on the Köppen climate classification, with certain key exceptions. High pressures east of the Cascade Range create something of a venturi effect, leading to cold east winds down the Columbia River Gorge. Unsheltered by the Willamette Valley, Vancouver has historically seen colder temperatures, including "silver thaw" storms where freezing rain cakes limbs and power lines. Such storms can paralyze Vancouver. This occasionally freezes the river, and in 1916 cut electric power in the city for almost two weeks. Rainfall occurs frequently throughout the fall, winter, and spring, but ceases around the middle of June, with dry and warm weather lasting through September. Average annual precipitation is . Heavy snowfalls are infrequent and snow often falls and doesn't stick, with major snowstorms only occurring every 2–4 years. Close proximity to the river was also a concern for flooding, before dams constricted the river, destroying features such as Celilo Falls. Periodic floods have been a nuisance, with two of the most destructive in June 1894 and May, 1948. The 1948 Memorial Day flood almost topped the Interstate Bridge's support piers and completely destroyed nearby Vanport, Oregon. Other unusual storms include the Columbus Day windstorm of 1962 and an April 5, 1972 tornado which rated F3 on the Fujita scale, striking a local school. A F1 tornado struck on January 10, 2008 just after noon causing moderate damage along a path from Vancouver Lake to the unincorporated Hazel Dell area.
Because many Vancouver residents work in Portland, there is typically significant rush hour traffic congestion on two bridges that cross the Columbia River — the Interstate Bridge and the Glenn Jackson Bridge. In 2006 there were 278,043 weekday vehicle crossings on the two bridges.
Demographics.
2010 census.
As of the census of 2010, there were 161,791 people, 65,691 households, and 40,246 families residing in the city. The population density was . There were 70,005 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 80.9% White, 2.9% African American, 1.0% Native American, 5.0% Asian, 1.0% Pacific Islander, 4.3% from other races, and 4.8% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 10.4% of the population.
There were 65,691 households of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.6% were married couples living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.7% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.02.
The median age in the city was 35.9 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.
2000 census.
As of the census of 2000, there were 143,560 people, there were 56,628 households, and 36,298 families living in the city. The population density is 3,354.7 people per square mile (1,295.4/km²). There were 60,039 housing units at an average density of 1,403.0 per square mile (541.7/km²). According to the 2010 US Census, The racial makeup of the city was 76.2% White, 2.9% African American, 1.0% Native American, 5.0% Asian, 1.0% Pacific Islander, and 4.80% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 10.4% of the population.Page text. 16.4% were of German, 9.2% English, 8.4% Irish and 7.9% American ancestry according to Census 2000. 89.2% spoke English, 5.1% Spanish, 3.2% Russian, 1.4% Ukrainian and 1.1% Vietnamese as their first language. A large increase in persons with Russian or Ukrainian as their primary language has occurred.
There were 56,628 households out of which 33.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were married couples living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.06.
In the city the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 32.1% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females there were 96.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.8 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $41,618, and the median income for a family was $47,696. Males had a median income of $37,306 versus $26,940 for females. The per capita income for the city was $20,192. 9.4% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.1% of those under the age of 18 and 8.2% of those 65 and older.
Economy.
The Vancouver economy is characterized by border economics with neighboring Portland, Oregon. The state of Washington levies no individual or corporate income taxes and levies a property tax below the national average and a sales tax above the national median. The State of Oregon has even lower property taxes and no sales tax but one of the highest state income taxes. As a result, many Vancouver residents prefer to shop in neighboring Portland where they do not pay sales taxes then live and work in Vancouver where they do not pay state income tax. (Washington residents who work in Oregon must pay Oregon income tax.) For the same reasons, the city is popular with retirees. Conversely, the city is less favored by students and young adults. In 2003, 70% of workers in Vancouver worked in Clark County. There is a risk in sales tax avoidance because Washington has a use tax due on all purchases made in Oregon that are then returned to Washington. Vancouver residents "shop at their own risk" when attempting to avoid the sales tax in Washington, although the rule is rarely, if ever, enforced (except for purchases requiring registration, such as motor vehicles).
The taxation and demographics of the area depresses the retail sector of Vancouver's economy. Oregon has stricter development laws to protect the timber industry; therefore, Vancouver tends to attract a higher proportion of the region's sprawling development. The voting base also lead to rejection of extension of Portland's light-rail system into the city for several years. In 2013, Washington transitioned away from being a control state.
The economic history of Vancouver reflects the region. Moving from a salmon- and trade-based indigenous economy by the Chinook people, the Hudson's Bay Company pioneered extractive industries such as the fur trade and timber. Subsistence agricultural gave way to market and export crops such as apples, strawberries and prunes. Largely bypassed by the railroad in the 1880s, when the Oregon Steam Navigation company would ferry trains across the river downstream from St. Helens, Oregon to Kalama, Washington, early downtown development was focused around Washington Street (where ferries arrived), lumber and Vancouver Barracks activities such as a large spruce mill for manufacturing airplanes. A 1908 railroad swing bridge across the Columbia allowed greater industrial developments such as the Standifer Shipyard during the first world war. With the Interstate Bridge and Bonneville Dam Vancouver saw an industrial boom in the 1940s, including the Kaiser shipyard and Alcoa, as well as a Boise Cascade paper mill, just west of the Interstate Bridge.
As the old-growth forests were depleted and heavy industry left the United States, Vancouver's economy has largely changed to high tech and service industry jobs, with many residents commuting to Portland. Vancouver contains the corporate headquarters for Nautilus, Inc. and The Holland (parent company of the Burgerville, USA restaurant chain).
The Port of Vancouver USA operates a port on the Columbia River, which separates Oregon to the south and Washington to the north. It handles over 400 ocean-going vessels annually, as well as a number of barges which ply the river and its tributaries as far as Lewiston, Idaho.
Largest employers.
According to the City's 2012 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report, the largest employers in the city are:
Downtown revitalization.
In 1997 the city of Vancouver decided to dedicate the next 15–20 years to redevelop and revitalize a huge portion of the downtown core. The first projects started in the early 2000s with the construction of many tall condominium structures around Esther Short park and in the Uptown Village neighborhood. The most lauded outside investment was the construction of a Hilton hotel directly across from the park. Currently the city is building a new shopping complex, including a recently finished Fred Meyer, just outside of the downtown core.
"The Columbian" newspaper finished building a new seven-story building adjacent to the Hilton in 2008 which due to financial strains in the company remained vacant and unused. Early in 2010, "The Columbian" filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and the building defaulted to Bank of America. In statement issued June 3, 2010 by City Manager Pat McDonnell, the City of Vancouver has reached a tentative agreement to purchase the former downtown Columbian office building for a fraction of the construction cost. Under the terms of the pending deal, the city will buy the two-year-old building and for $18.5 million for use as a new city hall. Before giving up the building in bankruptcy, the owners of The Columbian office building had been asking $41.5 million. By making the move, the city will save $1 million annually it pays on leases to house about 300 employees in about five buildings around the city, McDonnell said in his announcement.
There are plans in the future for a new development along C Street in downtown that would include a new library (opened July 2011), a new Marriott hotel and roughly 250 new condominiums. Other planned projects include:
Education.
Public schools.
Vancouver has two school districts: Vancouver Public Schools and Evergreen School District.
The Vancouver Public Schools cover most of west Vancouver and has seven high schools: Hudson's Bay High School, Columbia River High School, Fort Vancouver High School, Lewis and Clark High School, Skyview High School, Vancouver School of Arts and Academics, and Vancouver iTech Preparatory (grades 6–12). It also has six middle schools: Alki Middle School, Discovery Middle School, Gaiser Middle School, Jason Lee Middle School, Thomas Jefferson Middle School, and McLoughlin Middle School.
Vancouver Public Schools' elementary schools include Sarah J. Anderson, Chinook, Eisenhower, Felida, Ben Franklin, Fruit Valley Community Learning Center, Harney, Hazel Dell, Hough, Martin Luther King, Lake Shore, Lincoln, Marshall, Minnehaha, Peter S. Ogden, Eleanor Roosevelt, Sacajawea, Salmon Creek, Truman, Walnut Grove, and Washington.
The Evergreen School District covers most of east Vancouver and has six high schools: Evergreen High School, Mountain View High School, Heritage High School, Union High School, Legacy High School, and the Clark County Skills Center.
The district also consists of six middle schools: Covington Middle School, Cascade Middle School, Frontier Middle School, Pacific Middle School, Wy'East Middle School, and Shahala Middle School.
Evergreen School District's elementary schools include Burton, Hearthwood, Ellsworth, Image, Orchards, Sunset, Silver Star, Sifton, Pioneer, Burnt Bridge Creek (BBC), York, Crestline, Riverview, Marrion, Fisher's Landing, Mill Plain, Columbia Valley, Harmony, Illahee, and Endeavour.
Vancouver is also home to the Washington School for the Deaf and Washington State School for the Blind, and Home Choice Academy, a school for home-schoolers.
Architecture and notable buildings.
Mother Joseph was one of the first architects in the region, and because of its relatively long history, Vancouver contains a variety of buildings. Homes vary from Victorians and craftsman bungalows downtown, to small wartime tract housing and ranch-styles mid-town, with rural styles and larger homes in the outer ring. In addition to the reconstructed Fort Vancouver at the Fort Vancouver National Historic Site, the city was named one of the National Register of Historic Places' "Dozen Distinctive Destinations" for 2003.
Other notable buildings in Vancouver include:
Many of these buildings have been re-purposed. The 1867 Slocum House, an Italianate villa style residence originally built one block south of its current location in Esther Short Park, was moved to its present location in 1966 and now houses a community theatre company. The Carnegie Library was expanded in the 1940s, becoming the Clark County Historical Museum after a new library was built in 1963. Other buildings have been torn down for urban renewal or renovated to house professional offices such as lawyers and accountants.
Art and culture.
Vancouver has recently seen a revitalization of local art and cultural events. In 2010 there was a movement among local artists to form cooperatives and meet with established local gallery owners for a monthly forum known as "Art Conversations". Much of Vancouver's art scene is located in Downtown Vancouver.
The Kiggins Theatre located within the Downtown Vancouver Art District, was built in 1936 by architect Day Hillborn. It was named for J.P. Kiggins, an entrepreneur and politician who cut a swath through town in the early 20th century, serving as Vancouver's mayor for 15 non-consecutive years between 1908 and 1935.
Annual events.
Since the mid-1960s, Vancouver hosted a Fourth of July fireworks display on the grounds of Fort Vancouver National Historic Site that draws many people to the city. The display routinely ran to 45 minutes, attracted up to 60,000 visitors and was broadcast on area television, one of the largest west of the Mississippi River. Due to the death of key organizer "Mister Fireworks" Jim Larson and a poor economy, the show was not held in 2009. A shorter, redesigned 2010 show charged admission and brought in approximately 35,000 people.
Late August features the Vancouver Wine and Jazz Festival in Esther Short Park, which brought 13,500 attendees and which is considered the largest jazz festival in the Pacific Northwest.
Each September sees St. Joseph Catholic School host the Vancouver Sausage Fest, which generally attracts between 25,000 and 30,000 people annually. In an interview from 2007, Vancouver Congressman Brian Baird on Stephen Colbert's show The Colbert Report, Baird was grilled on the Sausage Fest, bringing it to national attention.
Local media.
Vancouver is located within the Portland media market for print, radio, and television media. It does however serve as the hometown for some media.
Transportation.
Vancouver has two interstate freeways, I-5 and I-205, both of which run north–south, across the Columbia River into Portland and toward Seattle. It also has two heavily travelled state highways within the city limits. SR 14 begins at I-5 in downtown Vancouver and makes its way east. It is a freeway all the way until Camas. SR 500 begins from I-5 at 39th Street in north Vancouver, travels east connecting with I-205, and continues east into the suburb of Orchards where the freeway terminates at Fourth Plain Boulevard, and meets with the south end of north-south-oriented 117th Ave., SR 503. A third state highway, SR 501, starts at I-5 and heads west through downtown and continues along a path that runs between the Columbia River and Vancouver Lake. Route 501 – SR501 dead ends a few miles north of Vancouver.
The area's mass transit system is C-TRAN, the Clark County Public Transportation Benefit Area Authority, which operates 135 buses, vanpools, and paratransit vehicles. There are also a number of express routes into Portland's downtown.
In 1995, Clark County voters defeated a ballot measure that would have funded extension of Portland's MAX Light Rail system north into Vancouver. Opposition to paying for light rail was strong at that time, but slowly declined over the following several years, eventually leading Vancouver officials to begin discussing the idea again. Meanwhile, TriMet reconstituted its planned MAX line to Vancouver as a shorter line running only within Portland, which potentially could later be extended across the river and into Clark County. This extension of the MAX system opened in 2004 as the Yellow Line, running as far north as the Portland Expo Center, approximately south of downtown Vancouver. Vancouver voters have rejected light rail operations monies in connection with the Columbia River Crossing proposal.
Vancouver has always been well served by rail; current freight railroads operating in Vancouver include the BNSF, Union Pacific, and the local shortline Lewis and Clark Railway. Amtrak, the national passenger rail system, provides service to Vancouver Station. Three routes, the Coast Starlight, the Empire Builder, and the Amtrak Cascades, serve the city.
Pearson Field, located near downtown Vancouver, is the main airport serving the city. The airport is intended primarily for general aviation without any commercial air service. The nearest commercial airport is Portland International Airport (PDX).
In 2008, Vancouver passed a citywide law requiring anyone on a wheeled device such as a bicycle, skateboard, scooter or skates to wear a helmet while on any sidewalk, street, trail or other public property. Many local cyclists opposed the law as a misuse of city funds and police efforts, as well as encroachment on personal freedoms. Despite opposition from the public, the Vancouver City Council passed the measure 5-1 with the mayor saying, "tatistics be damned. I support this."
Sister cities.
Vancouver has two sister cities:
The Vancouver City Council recently reviewed a plan to make Dubrovnik, Croatia another sister city for the city. The city council voted on the issue in May 2013. Bravo! Vancouver, a music group responsible for the Vancouver Wine and Jazz Festival is reportedly responsible for the relationship, as they have created a wine and jazz festival in Dubrovnik. On May 29, 2013, the city council unanimously voted to approve the relationship.
Vancouver previously had a sister-city relationship with Arequipa, Peru, between 1961 and 1993, but that relationship ended.

</doc>
<doc id="18592753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592753" title="Oaths Act 1888">
Oaths Act 1888

The Oaths Act 1888 (51 & 52 Vict. c.46) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which set out provisions whereby the oath of allegiance taken to the Sovereign may be solemnly affirmed rather than sworn to God. The Act was the culmination of a campaign by the noted atheist and secularist MP Charles Bradlaugh to take his seat. It was a significant piece of secularist legislation. The Act was consolidated and repealed by the Oaths Act 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18592763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18592763" title="À fleur de toi">
À fleur de toi

À fleur de toi is the debut album by French singer–songwriter Vitaa, released in France on 5 February 2007 by Motown Records. It achieved great success in France, Belgium (Wallonia), and Switzerland.
Background.
"À fleur de toi" contains songwriting collaborations with Mounir Maarouf, Street Fabulous, Elio, and Kurser.
In France, five singles were released from this album. The title track "À fleur de toi" peaked at number fourteen on the French Singles Chart and number two on the French Airplay Chart, followed by "Ma Sœur" and "Toi", which reached numbers ten and thirty-four on the airplay chart, respectively. "Pourquoi les hommes?", the fourth single, was less successful, peaking at number forty-one on the airplay chart.
Track listing.
All songs written by Vitaa and Mounir Maarouf, except where noted.

</doc>
