<doc id="18643923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18643923" title="Andrey Golubev">
Andrey Golubev

Andrey Golubev (born in Volzhsky, Volgograd Oblast, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) is a Kazakhstani professional tennis player
currently living in Italy. His career-high singles ranking is World No. 33, achieved in October 2010. He has participated in all Grand Slam tournaments, the first being the 2008 US Open, as well in the main draw of ATP Masters Series and ATP International Series events. He has won three Challenger tournaments and reached the final of the 2008 St Petersburg Open. He won the 2010 International German Open, an ATP World Tour 500 series event.
Tennis career.
Golubev has amassed a career record of 94-52 in the main draw of senior ITF Futures events (4 titles) and 90-63 in ATP Challenger events (3 titles).
Early career.
Golubev's first senior ITF experience came primarily on the satellite tour in 2003. The first ranking point(s) earned by Golubev were from a four-week satellite tour in Serbia, and he gained another from a satellite event in Italy. In 2004, he turned his focus to attempting to qualify for futures and challenger events. His first appearance in the main draw of one of these events was from a wild card in the Arpa Ceramic Cup in Reggio Emilia, Italy, where he lost to world #219 Salvador Navarro, but did manage to win a set. 
This performance earned him enough ranking points to qualify for a futures event in Helsingør, Denmark, where he had a strong run to the semifinals. He would get to at least the quarterfinals of three other events, all in Italy, including making his first final in L'Aquila, losing to Mathieu Montcourt. By the end of 2004, he was ranked as the 561st player in the world, with 25 ATP Entry Ranking points.
2005.
Golubev continued to enter futures events in 2005, with his best performances a semifinal and a quarterfinal, until Mid-May, when he won events on back-to-back weeks, the first in Grottaglie, the other in Teramo. The Grottaglie event was the first time that Golubev had ever been seeded in the main draw of a futures event, and as the #7 seed he survived losing the first set in the semifinals before beating #1 seed Malek Jaziri of Tunisia in the finals. Because of this win, he earned a special exemption for the Teramo event, where he continued his good form by beating #5 seed Alessandro Accardo in the final, having already taken out the tournament's #1 seed in the semis.
The schedule of rankings changes meant that both these events were added to the points count on the week of June 6, 2005, lifting Golubev up into the top 500 for the first time in his career. 
In late July, Golubev earned his first direct acceptance into a challenger event, a clay court tournament in Valladolid, Spain. He was the lowest ranked player to receive direct acceptance, and managed to win his first match against a Spanish wildcard ranked outside the top 1000 in the world, before losing to an Australian qualifier.
In August, he won three straight qualifying matches to make the field for a challenger in Pamplona, where he would again make the second round. However, unable to consistently achieve strong results in the challengers, Golubev resumed playing futures events in September, making the finals in a November event in Sint-Genesius-Rode, Belgium. The ranking points from this event would be enough to move Golubev into the top 400 for the first time on November 21, 2005, and he finished the year ranked 393rd. Later in June, he earned a second wild card in Reggio Emilia, but lost his first round match.
Golubev also moved into the top 1000 in doubles in 2005, after making the semifinals of a futures event with Marco Gualdi. He would also move up by making the quarterfinals at three straight challengers, with three different partners. In September, at a futures event in Porto Torres, Italy, he teamed with Adriano Biasella and won the tournament, losing only a single set. He finished the year ranked #552 in doubles.
2006.
Despite finishing the 2005 season with a career-high ranking, Golubev struggled to start the 2006 season, not making it beyond the quarterfinals of a futures event until mid-May and dropping back below the 400th ranking place in mid-March. He returned to the top 400 after making the finals in Vicenza, rising to a new career-high ranking, but in this tournament he benefited from drawing a wild card in his first match, and getting both a withdrawal and a retirement from other opponents. 
He returned to the challenger circuit for the start of June, qualifying for an event in Turin, where he lost in the first round, but his ranking suffered a major blow when his two wins from the previous season dropped off, sending him down to #448. Despite this setback, Golubev had a major breakthrough in Milan, where, as a wild card, he won back-to-back challenger matches for the first time, progressing to the quarterfinals before losing to Sydney Olympic bronze medalist Arnaud Di Pasquale.
His next three attempts at qualifying for challengers, though, all failed, so he again returned to the futures circuit, but with more success than his early season appearances, making finals at both Modena and Piombino, and returning him to the top 400. He briefly dropped back below this line, but came back up after a good challenger performance in Grenoble, where he won five straight matches, four in three sets, to qualify and make the quarterfinals.
Golubev again focused on futures play to end the season, and had some significant success. He defeated Adrian Mannarino in the final of an event in Rodez to set a new career-high ranking of #336, then made back to back finals in November, losing in Redbridge, England, and winning over Jeroen Masson in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, further boosting his ranking to #303, and ending the year ranked #305 in the world.
Golubev's ranking also improved in doubles, though not by as wide a margin. After making two tournament finals in June, he moved into the top 500, and nearly ended up in the top 400 before inactivity at the end of the season cost him points and dorpped him back below #500. He finished the year ranked 510th in doubles.
2007.
Golubev's first tournament of 2007 was a first for him, as he attempted to qualify for his first ATP International Series event, the Qatar ExxonMobil Open in Doha. He lost his first match in straight sets, but continued his attempts to qualify for large events when he entered qualifying for the Australian Open. In Melbourne, he won his first qualifying match against Ernests Gulbis, but lost the second and failed to advance. Still, the ranking points that this attempt garnered moved Golubev into the top 300 for the first time in his career.
Through the early months of the year, Golubev continued to attempt to qualify for both ATP and challenger events, with no success. He made the final round of qualifying on several occasions, including losing to Radek Štěpánek at the Open 13 in Marseille.
He was able to gain direct acceptance to a challenger event in Rome in May, his first appearance in a main draw since September 2006, making the quarterfinals. His first challenger semifinal appearance came in Sassuolo a month later, as he won six straight matches to move into the top 250 for the first time. This made it easier to earn direct acceptance to challengers, and also helped him enter Wimbledon qualifying. In his first major event on grass, Golubev defeated #1 seed Olivier Patience, but fell short in the final round, losing his first five-set match to Wang Yeu-Tzuoo, and failing to qualify. 
Wang would serve as Golubev's nemesis again, later in July at Recanati, where Golubev beat Rainer Schüttler and Gilles Müller to make his first challenger-level final, where he again lost to Wang, this time managing to take a set from him. This performance lifted him into the top 200 for the first time in his career.
He would continue to play challengers for the remainder of the season, with his best result coming in Grenoble, where he made the semifinals. In late October, Golubev again attempted to qualify for an ATP tour event, this time the Davidoff Swiss Indoors in Basel. This time, he was successful, not dropping a set in qualifying, and so made his first career ATP International Series main draw. He would actually improve on this, winning his first ATP match over American Amer Delic, and winning a set from #8 seed Paul-Henri Mathieu before losing the next two to go out. He would finish his season ranked #177.
Golubev played fairly few doubles matches in 2007, but did record his first career challenger victory at Mantova with Francesco Piccari, and again team with Piccari to make the semis in Cordenons. He reached a new career high doubles ranking of #350 after these results, and finished the year at #389.
2008.
Golubev began the season by qualifying for his second ATP event, the Next Generation Adelaide International, but lost to a man he had beaten in Australia the year before, Ernests Gulbis, in the first round. In Australian Open qualifying, Golubev again fell short at the second round, but this time he quickly moved on to a challenger event in Heilbronn, Germany, where he reeled off eight straight wins, including beating #1 seed Florian Mayer and Philipp Petzschner in the final, winning his first career challenger event, and putting him to a new career-high ranking of 135. Despite being inactive, shifts from other players moved Golubev to his current career-high of #132 on February 11.
Golubev again attempted to qualify for the Open 13 in Marseille, but fell just one set short, losing to Ivan Dodig. He then went on a long losing streak, failing to win a singles match between mid-February and mid-April. This included a failure in his first attempt to qualify for an ATP Masters Series event, losing in the first qualifying round at Monte Carlo.
He won a match in qualifying for the Open Sabadell Atlántico in Barcelona to end a seven-game losing streak, but did not win consecutive matches until a quarterfinal in a challenger in Sanremo. He attmpted to qualify for both Wimbledon, and, for the first time, the French Open, but failed in both attempts, losing in the second round of Wimbledon qualifying.
Golubev reached another new milestone at the Canada Masters in Toronto, beating Phillip King and Rohan Bopanna to qualify for his first career ATP Masters series event main draw. He lost his first round match, though, to veteran Thomas Johansson of Sweden. 
Golubev continued his attempts to qualify for ATP level events, succeeding at the Countrywide Classic in Los Angeles, but losing in the first round to Florent Serra. and falling one match short in Washington, D.C., at the Legg Mason Tennis Classic. 
Golubev entered qualifying for the US Open for the first time in 2008, losing in the final round to Switzerland's Stéphane Bohli. However, when Juan Carlos Ferrero pulled out of the tournament, Golubev was chosen as the lucky loser to replace him, and made his Grand Slam debut against an American wildcard, Brendan Evans. Golubev defeated Evans in three sets, but then lost to seventh seed David Nalbandian in the second round. 
Golubev has had another year of only light doubles play, with his best result a semifinal with Francesco Piccari in Córdoba.
He reached the final of the 2008 St. Petersburg Open. His first win came against Olivier Rochus, where he prevailed 6–1, 6–4. He then surprised home hero Marat Safin in the second round, beating the Russian 6–4, 6–2 to progress to the quarterfinals. His next opponent was Mischa Zverev, whom he beat 6–7, 6–4, 7–6. He then went on to beat Victor Hănescu 6–3, 6–0 in the semifinals, but lost to Andy Murray 1–6, 1–6 in the final.
2010.
Golubev began the year by reaching his first Australian Open 2nd round by upsetting Ivan Ljubičić 3–6, 6–3, 2–6, 3–6 but losing to Mardy Fish in the following round 6–2, 1–6, 6–3, 6–3. He then rech the final of the 2010 Intersport Heilbronn Open challenger losing to Michael Berrer 3–6, 6–7. he then suffered first round losts in the 2010 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament and 2010 PBZ Zagreb Indoors. He then came back to the challengers of the 2010 GEMAX Open, where he retired in the quarterfinals against Ilija Bozoljac, 4–6, 3–5 ret. Representing Kazakhstan against South Korea, he was able to win both of his matches in straight sets. At the challengers of the 2010 BMW Tennis Championship, he fell in the second round to Michael Berrer.
He was able to qualify in the 2010 BNP Paribas Open, but lost to Daniel Gimeno-Traver 6–3, 6–4 in the first round. At the 2010 Tennis Napoli Cup challengers, he fell to Rui Machado, 6–3 6–3 in the semifinals. He then reached the second round of the 2010 Grand Prix Hassan II and as a qualifier in the 2010 Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters, falling to Richard Gasquet and David Ferrer, respectively. Andrey fell in the qualifier of the 2010 Internazionali BNL d'Italia. In a Davis Cup tie against China, he again won both his matches to give Kazakhstan a play-off spot.
He then suffered first-round loses in the 2010 French Open, 2010 Aegon Championships, Aegon International, and 2010 Wimbledon Championships. However, he reach the semifinals of the challenger 2010 UniCredit Czech Open, losing to Radek Štěpánek, 6–3, 6–2. At the 2010 Swedish Open, he lost in the second round to Tommy Robredo, 3–6, 6–3, 6–2. Golubev played world no.6 and defending champion Nikolay Davydenko in the 2010 International German Open to earn a spot in the quarterfinals, and then defeated Denis Istomin, 6–4, 6–1 to earn a semifinal berth. He then defeated Jürgen Melzer in the final, 6–3, 7–5, earning his first ATP World Tour title and becoming the first man from Kazakhstan to win an ATP World Tour title. Golubev followed this up by reaching the final of the 2010 Malaysian Open, losing to US Open semifinalist Mikhail Youzhny, having won the first set.
2011.
Golubev lost to Rafael Nadal in the first round of the US Open in straight sets, but he led early in each of the sets 3–1 in the first, 3–0 in the second, and 3–1 in the third, and was able to hold to force the second set into a tiebreak. The final score was 4–6, 6–7, 5–7.
Change in nationality.
For the first years of his career, up to and including 2008 Wimbledon, Golubev competed as an athlete from Russia. However, before the 2008 Canada Masters, he changed his affiliation, appearing on the draw as an athlete from Kazakhstan, and his ATP profile now reflects this.

</doc>
<doc id="18643928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18643928" title="Jacques-Melchior Villefranche">
Jacques-Melchior Villefranche

Jacques-Melchior Villefranche (b. at Couzon-sur-Saône, 17 December 1829; d. at Bourg, 10 May 1904) was a French editor, writer, and publicist working for Roman Catholic causes.
Life.
After classical studies at the lesser seminary of Largentière, he entered the telegraphic service. In that capacity in 1855, during the Crimean War, he directed the telegraphic bureau of Varna, the first landing-place of the Franco-Russian troops.
In 1870 as telegraphic director at Versailles he was attached to the service of telegraphic communications of the army of Le Mans. In 1875 he left the telegraphic service, and assumed the editorship of the "Journal de l'Ain", in which he defended the cause of religious liberty, and campaigned against the laws of scholastic secularization.
Works.
He was prolific. His "Fables" (1851) and his "Fabuliste Chrétien" (1875) were pedagogical works. A number of historical and judicial romances included "Cineas, ou Rome sous Néron" (1869), which was translated into several foreign languages.
His major works are historical:
In the controversial pamphlet published in 1891 and entitled "Le Concordat, qu'on l'observe loyalement ou qu'on le dénonce", Villefranche argued against the policy of strict application of the Concordat, limiting the Catholic Church's rights on the basis that matters were not explicitly contained in the concordatory text.

</doc>
<doc id="18643945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18643945" title="Christer Ellefsen">
Christer Ellefsen

Christer Ellefsen (born 3 August 1978) is a Norwegian football defender who played for Hønefoss BK in Norway.
He joined Hønefoss ahead of the 2000 season, having previously played for IF Birkebeineren, Mjøndalen IF as well as Vålerenga in the Norwegian Premier League. He got only 2 Premier League games, in 1998 and 1999, but has played 227 league games for Hønefoss.

</doc>
<doc id="18643947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18643947" title="Clontarf (whiskey)">
Clontarf (whiskey)

Clontarf is a triple distilled Irish whiskey produced by the Clontarf Whiskey Company, a subsidiary of Castle Brands Inc. The whiskey takes it name from the Battle of Clontarf in 1014. On 14 February 2008, the owner of the Clontarf brand announced that they were going to launch a new packaging and marketing campaign for the whiskey.
The whiskey.
Clontarf makes a blended whiskey (called simply Clontarf Irish Whiskey) and a single malt, as well as a reserve that is a blend of single malt and grain whiskey. All three varieties are also available in the Clontarf Trinity collection.
Reviews.
The Clontarf single malt has generally outperformed its Reserve counterpart at international spirit ratings competitions. The single malt received a score of 85-89 from Wine Enthusiast in 2005 (vs. 80-84 for the Reserve). In the same time period, the single malt received a gold medal from the San Francisco World Spirits Competition, besting the silver medal earned by the Reserve. 

</doc>
<doc id="18643950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18643950" title="Doli Akhter">
Doli Akhter

Doli Akhter, born 15 January 1986, is an Olympic swimmer from Bangladesh.
She has swum for Bangladesh at the 2000, 2004 and 2008 Olympics. On all three occasions, she attended thanks to a wild card qualification. 
She competed in the 100m breaststroke in Sydney (2000), where she was disqualified. In Athens (2004), she competed in the 50m freestyle. She won her heat with a time of 30.72, which was not sufficient for her to advance to the next round.
Akhter won a silver medal in the 200m breaststroke event at the South Asian Games in Islamabad in 2004.
She is Bangladesh's sole athlete at the 2009 World Championships (July 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="18643972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18643972" title="Jorge Kolle Cueto">
Jorge Kolle Cueto

Jorge Kolle Cueto (died March 4, 2007, La Paz) was a Bolivian communist politician. Kolle was one of the founding members of the Communist Party of Bolivia in 1950. He held the position of First Secretary of the party and edited the central party organ, "Unidad". He also had an influence in the miners and factory workers trade union movement. Kolle was a senator 1982–1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18643975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18643975" title="Kamal Saaliti">
Kamal Saaliti

Kamal Saaliti (born 2 August 1979 in Midar, Nador) is a Moroccan-born Norwegian football striker who currently plays for Notodden.
He joined Hønefoss ahead of the 2002 season, having previously played for Frigg Oslo as well as Vålerenga in the Norwegian Premier League. He got only 2 Premier League games in 1998 and 1999, but has played 157 league games for Hønefoss. For half a year in 2003 he played for Sassari Torres 1903 in Italy. He scored Hønefoss first goal in Tippeligaen against Haugesund. On 5 January 2011 he signed with Sandnes Ulf.

</doc>
<doc id="18643982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18643982" title="Yenikent Asaş Stadium">
Yenikent Asaş Stadium

Yenikent Asaş Stadium () is a football stadium, based in Ankara, Turkey. The stadium holds 19,626 people, and was built in 1974 and renovated in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18643985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18643985" title="Valencian Museum of Ethnology">
Valencian Museum of Ethnology

The Valencian Museum of Ethnology (Museu Valencià d'Etnologia) was created in 1982. The museum exists to both stimulate research and engage in public education in the fields of ethnology and anthropology; it more specifically intends to make people aware on the cultural diversity of the Region of Valencia, focussing on traditional Valencian culture and its development towards an industrialised society; it shows this as an aspect of the overall field of culture derived from the Mediterranean.
This centre is run by the Diputació de València and has its site in la Beneficència Cultural Centre in the town of València.
Activities.
The Museum has three permanent exhibits: "La ciutat viscuda. Ciutats valencianes en trànsit, 1800-1940" (The lived town. Valencian towns in transition, 1800–1940), "Horta i marjal" (Market gardens and marshes) and "Secà i muntanya" (Drylands and mountains), which deal respectively with the urbanisation, market gardens and marshes, and drylands and mountains in the Valencian territory; there are also temporary exhibitions and educational workshops are also organised. It carries out a research activity that develops different projects and awards the Bernat Capó prize for disseminating popular culture.
The Museum publishes various periodicals: "Revista valenciana d’etnologia" (Valencian journal of ethnology), the newsletter "BETNO" and the collections “Temes d’etnografia valenciana” and “Ethnos”. The Museum has a library and document centre specialised in ethnology and anthropology. The facilities of the Museum include the former psychiatric hospital of Bétera, now a storage facility with a collection of about 10,000 catalogued objects .

</doc>
<doc id="18643996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18643996" title="Lapidot">
Lapidot

Lapidot (, "lit." Torches) is an moshav in northern Israel. Located near Karmiel and Ma'alot-Tarshiha, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 169 in 36 families. Most families are poultry farm residents and residents of a private farm (cows and horses). Part of the population earns a living in industrial area of Tefen and Karmiel.
The moshav was established in 1978 by residents of other moshavim in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18644003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644003" title="Taiwan Fulvetta">
Taiwan Fulvetta

The Taiwan Fulvetta ("Fulvetta formosana") is a bird species in the family Sylviidae. Like the other typical fulvettas, it was long included in the Timaliidae genus "Alcippe". In addition, it was long included in "F. cinereiceps" as a subspecies.
This species is endemic to Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18644029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644029" title="Abdul Matin Khan">
Abdul Matin Khan

Abdul Matin Khan (1944 – October 30, 2008) was a Pakistani politician and member of the Awami National Party.
Khan was born in Buner in 1944 and graduated from Jehan Zeb college Saidu Sharif, Swat in 1967. He completed his masters in history at Punjab University in 1969. Khan earned his LLB from SM Law College, Karachi, and his masters in political science from the University of Karachi in 1971. After completing his education, Khan joined the prosecution branch of police, but resigned after his elder brother joined the civil service in 1975.
Abdul Matin Khan joined the Awami National Party (ANP) in 1989. He applied for the party ticket in 1990 but the ticket of his constituency went to IJI as ANP was the part of Combined Opposition. Instead, Khan contested the election as an independent candidate and won the election for National Assembly. In 1993, Khan won the National Assembly seat again.
In 1997, Khan was again given the party ticket and he won the election for the third time. He was made Parliamentary Secretary for Social Welfare and Women's Development. Martial Law was imposed in the country in 1999 and no elections were held until 2002. In 2002, he lost to the religo-political alliance MMA, and was returned to the assembly again in 2008. He was tipped as minister of state when he died of a cardiac arrest.

</doc>
<doc id="18644030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644030" title="Manot, Israel">
Manot, Israel

Manot (, "lit." Portions) is an moshav in northern Israel. Located near Shlomi, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 360.
The moshav was established in 1980 by residents of other local moshavim, with assistance from the Jewish Agency. It was named after the ruins of a settlement in the area, also called Manot.

</doc>
<doc id="18644040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644040" title="David Hanssen">
David Hanssen

David Antonius Hanssen (born 13 November 1976) is a Norwegian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He is currently player-manager at Lommedalen. Hanssen has previously played for Lillehammer FK, Faaberg, Stabæk, Strømsgodset, Vålerenga, Start, Hønefoss and Stabæk for a second time.
Early life.
He grew up in Reinøya near Tromsø, then moved to Follebu at the age of nine and Lillehammer three years later. His parents were Pentecostals.
Club career.
David Hanssen played at Stabæk for 4 seasons. He was later purchased by Strømsgodset, later by Vålerenga ahead of the 2002 season. He had a good spell, but injuries to his knee put his career at Vålerenga on hold. After one season in Start, he played five season for Hønefoss.
In 2012, Hanssen returned to his former club Stabæk. He made his re-debut for Stabæk on the opening day of the Norwegian Premier League season against Aalesund on 24 March 2012.
After the season, Hanssen decided to step down from professional football and joined the Third Division Lommedalen as player-manager, with Marcus Bakke as playing assistant.

</doc>
<doc id="18644044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644044" title="Brian Schofield">
Brian Schofield

Brian Schofield is a British travel writer. His work has appeared in "The Sunday Times", "The Independent on Sunday", "GQ", "Arena", "Condé Nast Traveller" and the "New Statesman". In 2003, he won the best British Travel Writer covering North America. His first book, published in 2008, is called "Selling Your Father’s Bones" and follows the 1877 exodus of the Nez Perce Native American tribe through Oregon, Wyoming, Idaho and Montana. Schofield spent three months travelling through the American Northwest in a 1983 Dodge Camper van to research the book.

</doc>
<doc id="18644055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644055" title="Pha Trelgen Changchup Sempa">
Pha Trelgen Changchup Sempa

Pha Trelgen Changchup Sempa is a mythical monkey-ancestor of the Tibetan people. With King Gesar and Avalokiteśvara, of whom he is an incarnation, he is one of the most important figures in Tibetan culture. "Pha" means "father", "Trelgen" "old monkey" and "Changchup Sempa" refers to the bodhisattva ("Changchub" meaning "enlightenment" and "Sempa" meaning "intention").
Birth of the first Tibetans.
A very popular Tibetan creation myth holds that in the beginning the world was covered by water, which evaporated little by little, leaving room for animal life. To the flooded land of Tibet came a monkey that had withdrawn there to immerse himself in meditation and to follow a life of asceticism and chastity. He settled on Mount Gongori. One day, while he sat in meditation, a female demon came to seduce him. Tradition has it that she was the manifestation of the bodhisattva Tara ("Jetsun Dolma" in Tibetan), a symbol of compassion and protector of merchants and travelers. She threatened that if he refused to sleep with her she would visit a demon and conceive a multitude of small monsters that would destroy all living creatures. The wise monkey yielded and requested Avalokiteśvara's authorization to marry her. Avalokiteśvara blessed the monkey and the female demon, and a few months later six small monkeys were born of their union. The monkey let his six children grow up in the forest, but three years later he discovered that they had become five hundred. The fruits of the forest were no longer sufficient to feed them, and the five hundred monkeys beseeched their father to help them find food. Not knowing what to do, he went again to ask help from the god of compassion. Then Avalokiteśvara went on the mount Meru, or Sumeru (believed to correspond to today's Mount Kailash), a sacred place for Buddhists, Hindus, Jains and Bönpo. Some say that at the top of the mountain he gathered a handful of barley, others that he extracted five cereals from his own body to offer to the monkey father. Then the monkey father learned agriculture and, after a good harvest, could finally feed all his children. As they fed on the cereals, the monkeys gradually lost their hair and their tails. They also started to use bone and stone implements, then made clothes and built houses, forming a civilization from which the Tibetan people descended.
Another version.
Another account says that, seeing the world peopled by demons, Avalokiteśvara the bodhisattva of compassion took pity on the Earth, incarnated himself as a monkey and mated with an ogress of the rock. From this union were born six monkeys, which represent the six principal clans of the Tibetan people.
Bibliography.
SEGARRA André, "Du Singe au Signe ou la figure du Trickster à travers les deux principaux personages du Rāmāyaṇa et du Xīyóu jì : Hanuman et Sun Wukong", mémoire de littérature sous la direction de Valérie Deshoulières, Université Blaise Pascal, Clermont-Ferrand, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18644084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644084" title="Chris Vaefaga">
Chris Vaefaga

Chris Vaefaga (born 1 November 1987 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a rugby league player for the Bulldogs in the National Rugby League. He plays at lock or five-eighth. He is a Samoan international.

</doc>
<doc id="18644092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644092" title="Serrated Smile">
Serrated Smile

Serrated Smile is the third studio album by the industrial/horror techno band G.G.F.H.. It was originally released on Halloween 2005 as a limited edition CD of 500 copies, but was later made available to the public for download through DJ Ghost’s website. The album is darker and more beat-driven compared to previously released material, as the original guitarist, Brian J. Walls, had left the band, resulting in a change of sound. The album was originally to be released on Earache Records, but that did not work out, and it was instead released with Little Missy Recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="18644093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644093" title="The Newman Holiday Trust">
The Newman Holiday Trust

"The Newman Holiday Trust is a UK-based charity which provides respite holidays for children with a variety of special needs.
Introduction.
Established in 1981, the Trust began by running a one week summer holiday for children with special needs. The Trust now provides holidays for over 120 disabled children aged 4–16 each year, in various locations around the UK. Due to the high level of skilled care they require or financial circumstances, the children selected for these breaks would not otherwise receive a holiday. The holidays provide a range of fun activities in a safe and supported environment and use a care ratio of one helper to one child at all times.
The Trust is an entirely voluntary organisation and owes its success to over 200 people who dedicate their free time to helping these children. This voluntary structure ensures that every penny raised goes directly towards a child’s holiday.
Bouncy Castle World Record.
On July 6, 2006, seven volunteers from The Newman Holiday Trust broke the Guinness World Record for the longest time bouncing on a bouncy castle at Priory Woods School & Arts College, Middlesbrough.
The World Record holders were:
This record has now been beaten by a team who bounced for 25 hr 25 min and was set by Will Scogin, Patrick Taylor, Miller Wright, David Wilson, Forrest Haynes and Jimbo Wilhite (all USA) at Northridge High School, Tuscaloosa, Alabama, USA, on 10–11 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18644134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644134" title="Macquarie Parakeet">
Macquarie Parakeet

The Macquarie Parakeet ("Cyanoramphus erythrotis"), also known as the Macquarie Island Parakeet, is an extinct parrot from subantarctic Macquarie Island, an outlying part of Tasmania, Australia, in the Southern Ocean.
Taxonomy.
The Macquarie Parakeet was previously considered to be a subspecies of the Red-fronted Parakeet "C. novaezelandiae", which it resembled in appearance, but was later lumped with Reischek's Parakeet from the Antipodes Islands in a 2001 paper by Wee Ming Boon and others following an examination of the molecular systematics of the genus which found that many of the Red-crowned Parakeet subspecies should be elevated to full species. However, subsequently the provenance of Boon "et al."’s supposed Macquarie Island material was shown to be mistaken, originating from the Antipodes Islands instead.
History.
When Macquarie Island was discovered in 1810 the parrots were widespread in tussock grassland and abundant on the shoreline, feeding on invertebrates in beach-washed seaweed. Despite the introduction of dogs and cats to the island by 1820, as well as being hunted for food by sealers, the parrots remained common there until about 1880.
The transition from abundance to extinction took little more than a decade. The critical events leading to the extinction of the parrot were the introductions of both Wekas and European Rabbits to the island in the 1870s and their subsequent spread during the 1880s. Until then winter, with the seasonal absence of burrow-nesting petrels and breeding penguins, was a period of food scarcity for terrestrial predators, which served to keep their numbers low. The presence of rabbits provided a year-round food supply for cats and wekas and allowed their numbers to expand, leading to increased predation on the parrot, the last sighting of which was in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="18644135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644135" title="Lewis Crofts">
Lewis Crofts

Lewis Crofts, (born in Blackburn, UK on 5 November 1977), is an English author and journalist. He studied Modern and Medieval Languages at St Catherine’s College, Oxford University. He has lived in Hanover (Germany), France, Prague (Czech Republic) and Brussels (Belgium), working as a journalist and translator.
His first book, "The Pornographer of Vienna", is a novel based on the life of Austrian painter Egon Schiele who was famous for his sexually explicit depictions of the Viennese underworld. It was published in June 2007 by Old Street Publishing in the UK and in July 2008 in North America. 
The novel was published in Italy in September 2008 by Marco Tropea under the title "Il pornografo di Vienna". Other fiction writing has appeared in the Prague Revue, "Notes from the Underground" and Ether Magazine. In an interview with , he confirmed work on a second novel.
Crofts is also a correspondent for MLex Market Intelligence, a news agency focusing on competition law and regulatory risk. 

</doc>
<doc id="18644150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644150" title="Reischek's Parakeet">
Reischek's Parakeet

Reischek’s Parakeet ("Cyanoramphus hochstetteri") is a small green parrot confined to 21 km2 Antipodes Island, one of New Zealand’s subantarctic islands, which it shares with a congener, the larger Antipodes Parakeet.
Taxonomy.
The common name commemorates pioneering naturalist and collector Andreas Reischek, who collected specimens of the parrot in 1888 and who named it "Platycercus hochstetteri" for the son of his friend, Austrian geologist Ferdinand von Hochstetter, who made a geological survey of New Zealand.
Reischek’s Parakeet was previously considered to be a subspecies of the Red-crowned Parakeet "C. novaezelandiae", which it resembles in appearance, but was later lumped with the Macquarie Parakeet from Macquarie Island in a 2001 paper by Wee Ming Boon and others following an examination of the molecular systematics of the genus which found that many of the Red-crowned Parakeet subspecies should be elevated to full species. However, subsequently the provenance of Boon "et al."’s supposed Macquarie Island material was shown to be mistaken, originating from the Antipodes Islands instead.
Behaviour.
Feeding.
Reischek’s Parakeet feeds on tussock flowers, leaves, seeds, berries as well as invertebrates such as fly larvae in the guano of the penguin colonies. It also scavenges on the carcasses of petrels and albatrosses.
Conservation.
Though the population of Reischek's Parakeet is healthy, its limited distribution makes it potentially vulnerable to events such as the accidental introduction of rodents to its island home. On the New Zealand Threatened Species classification it is listed as ‘range restricted’.

</doc>
<doc id="18644153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644153" title="Holm Mills">
Holm Mills

Holm Mills may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18644154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644154" title="UI data binding">
UI data binding

UI data binding is a software design pattern to simplify development of GUI applications. UI data binding binds UI elements to an application domain model. Most frameworks employ the Observer pattern as the underlying binding mechanism. To work efficiently, UI data binding has to address input validation and data type mapping.
A "bound control" is a widget whose value is tied or bound to a field in a recordset (i.e., a column in a row of a table). Changes made to data within the control are automatically saved to the database when the control's exit event triggers. 

</doc>
<doc id="18644170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644170" title="John Krämer">
John Krämer

John Krämer (known also as Institor, a Latin form of his surname) was a German Carthusian writer. Born about the end of the fourteenth century, he must have died between 1437 and 1440, as a manuscript of the Carthusian monastery of Memmingen speaks of the gift made to it by Krämer in 1437, and the general chapter of the Carthusian Order held in 1440 mentions his death.
He entered Buxheim Charterhouse, in the Diocese of Augsburg, Bavaria; he is sometimes called John of Buxheim.
Works.
His works include two treatises published by Bernard Pez in his "Bibliotheca ascetica". Typically for the Carthusians of the fifteenth century, they show a rigorous asceticism, only a little qualified (under the influence of Denis the Carthusian).
One of these is entitled "Breviloquium anirni cujuslibet religiosi reformativum"; it consists of two parts. In the first part the author teaches a good religious divers means and practices which he should observe in order to remain a faithful child of the Church, to acquire, on earth, the grace of perfection and, in heaven, ever-lasting happiness. In the second part, by a quaint allegory, he puts the religious on his guard against the faults of monastic life which are represented by twenty birds of prey, the eagle, the vulture, the hawk, the owl, etc., whose characteristics and manners he describes. Though written in an uncultured style, the book was much read in the monasteries of the Middle Ages.
The subject of Krämer's second book is against anger, as indicated by its title, "Tractatus exhortativus ad evitandam malam iram".
An unpublished treatise, "De Objectionibus bibliae", has also been sometimes attributed to Krämer, but without sufficient warrant.

</doc>
<doc id="18644198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644198" title="McConkie Tauasa">
McConkie Tauasa

McConkie Tauasa is a rugby league player who is contracted to the Penrith Panthers in the National Rugby League and the Windsor Wolves in the New South Wales Cup. He plays as a or on the . He is a Samoan international.

</doc>
<doc id="18644216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644216" title="Sarah Bilston">
Sarah Bilston

Sarah Bilston is a British author and professor of English literature at Trinity College, Hartford. Sarah was born in Suffolk and studied at University College London and Oxford University. She currently resides in Connecticut with her husband and three children. She has written three books: "The Awkward Age in Women’s Popular Fiction, 1850-1900" and two novels, "Bed Rest" and "Sleepless Nights".
Works.
"Bed Rest" tells the story of Quinn ‘Q’ Boothroyd, an English lawyer in New York who must go on bed rest for two months before the birth of her first child. It was published in May 2006 by HarperCollins (US) and March 2007 by Sphere (UK).
The sequel, "Sleepless Nights", was published in December 2008.
"The Awkward Age in Women’s Popular Fiction, 1850-1900: Girls and the Transition to Womanhood" was published in 2004 by Oxford University Press.
Reviews.
[http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/03/30/AR2006033001543.html]
[http://news.bookweb.org/booksense/4318.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18644239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644239" title="Fadi Haddad">
Fadi Haddad

Fadi Haddad (born 21 December 1964) is a Lebanese music video director.
He has worked with some Lebanese singers, including Najwa Karam, Nancy Ajram, Fares Karam, Maysam Nahas, Hind, Deena Hayek, and Madline Matar. 

</doc>
<doc id="18644246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644246" title="Bview">
Bview

BView is a platform for businesses to connect locally with their customers built around a local voucher search application. The site combines a voucher search engine, business directory, social networking and user generated content (descriptions, reviews, photos, videos).
Details.
Voucher search engine
BView provides local and national businesses with a means to target and create rewarding relationships with their local consumers through money saving and dynamic advertising features across their network.
Through a series of partnerships, BView is integrating the preponderance of all UK vouchers, with an emphasis on local vouchers. BView partners with The Independent, Telegraph, The Daily Express, The Daily Star, OK! Magazine, New Magazine, Star Magazine, Moneywise, Money Divas, also Ask Jeeves and Google.
There are now over 40,000 locations across the UK offering local vouchers on the BView web application.
Voucher search iPhone application
In 2009 Bview launched an iPhone application, called Local Sale Finder. The app instantly delivers vouchers and discounts from local merchants and restaurants direct to consumers’ iPhone and iPod Touch. Consumers can find thousands of discounts where they are or heading to. Discounts are redeemed by showing digital vouchers on the screen to local merchants or by booking tables for restaurants directly from their iPhones or iPod Touches.
In November 2009 The Guardian named Local Sale Finder as one of the top 10 money saving iPhone applications.
Lovemoney.com named Local Sale Finder as one of the top 3 free apps which can save you money.
Local Sale Finder also became one of the top ten free Finance section applications on Apple’s App Store.
Business directory
Users of BView can search for businesses from a data base of 2.3 million businesses in 1,800 categories. Users can add text reviews, ratings and media (photos, videos) and additional tiers of information (e.g. opening hours) on each business in the directory. Ratings of each business are captured across 3 different scales: quality, reliability and value.
Equifax provides financial information such as turnover, profit and a representative financial stability score for around a half of all businesses listed.
Each BView registered member has a series of profile pages detailing their reviews and activity on the site.
Functionality.
BView Users can use the following site functionality:
1. Search
"Voucher Search"
"Business Search"
2. Voucher categories
Discounts are also categorized according to their popularity, time of addition to Bview network, merchants - national or local:
3. Voucher redeem
Discount maybe redeemed in several ways by Bview costumers:
4. Business reviews
5. Business data additions
6. Activity feeds
In addition to following other users with whom they share interests, BView Users can also choose to follow businesses listed on the site.
History.
BView was founded in 2007 and was incubated within Xbridge. The site went live in a Beta phase in March 2008 and was launched in April 2008 and first profiled by Techcrunch UK in May 2007. In July 2008 TrustedPlaces and BView announced a sales partnership to offer a joint product to business owners.
BView is led by Brad Liebmann. Liebmann was the founder of Xbridge, Europe's largest online small business insurer, after leaving Lehmann Brothers where he was VP of acquisitions and mergers in the IT sector. Liebmann co-founded the business with Colin Bruce, also of Xbridge, and Adam Baker who was Managing Director of Catering Pages prior to selling the business.
The board of directors includes Cesar Mascaraque, currently Managing Director of Ask Europe, having Left Google which he joined in 2002 and Mike Brown, Managing Director and founder of Boltblue.
The company was bought out of Xbridge by the management. BView is currently privately funded.

</doc>
<doc id="18644254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644254" title="Sulaiman Addonia">
Sulaiman Addonia

Sulaiman S.M.Y. Addonia (Tigrinya: ሱላእማን ኣድዶንኣ) is an author residing in London. He was born as the son of an Eritrean mother and an Ethiopian father in Eritrea. He spent his early life in a refugee camp in Sudan, following the Om Hajar massacre in 1976. In his early teens, he lived and studied in Saudi Arabia. He sought the asylum with his brother in London in 1990, and studied at the University College London.
Sulaiman’s first novel called "The Consequences of Love", (published by Chatto & Windus in 2008) is a love story set in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. Naser, a 20 year old refugee from Eritrea, falls in love when a veiled woman, who drops a note at his feet. She identifies herself by a pair of pink shoes, and the two embark on an epistolary romance, hoping to meet face to face. They live in fear that the religious police may learn of their illegal romance.

</doc>
<doc id="18644269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644269" title="Evolver (John Legend album)">
Evolver (John Legend album)

Evolver is the third studio album by R&B/soul singer John Legend, released by GOOD Music and Columbia Records on October 28, 2008 in the United States and on October 20 in the United Kingdom. It features guest appearances by Kanye West, Brandy, Estelle and Andre 3000, among others.
The album debuted at number 4 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 to sales of 132,823 copies. It also entered the UK Albums Chart at number 21, and reached number 26 on the national Japanese albums chart, as well as number 5 on the Japanese foreign chart. The album has received positive reviews from music critics. Since the album's release, it has sold 617,528 copies in the U.S. and has been certified Gold by the RIAA.
In May 2009, the song "This Time" was featured prominently in the closing scenes of the third season finale of the CW/BET comedy-drama television series "The Game".
Background.
Speaking in July 2008 to noted UK R&B writer Pete Lewis of the award-winning Blues & Soul, Legend explained what he wanted to achieve musically with 'Evolver': "I wanted it to be diverse. So I basically just wanted to make some great records that together covered the whole gamut of the various forms of expression I feel comfortable doing. So we have a couple of club tracks; we have a reggae song; we have a few really strong ballads... and kind of everything in between. Plus we have a political anthem at the end as well. So, while there are some elements that people have heard in previous albums of mine, I also think there are some things people HAVEN'T heard from me before. And I think that's what makes the album interesting. In particular I feel I've made different arrangement and production choices this time. While I don't think my writing style itself has changed significantly, sonically the main difference is that we chose to use more electronic instruments on this record."
Reception.
The album so far has a score of 67 out of 100 from Metacritic based on "generally favorable reviews". "The Independent" gave it four stars out of five and said that the album was "not perfect... but it would be churlish not to praise its ability and ambition." Yahoo! Music UK gave it eight stars out of ten and said that ""Once Again" remains Legend's best record. But "Evolver", in all its modernity and timeliness, may well become his biggest." "Now" likewise gave it four stars out of five and stated that the album, "like everything else Legend has done, showcases his skill as an artist, but it lacks the passion that would help him reach the Stevie Wonder status he strives for." "The A.V. Club" gave the album a B and said, "Smooth to a fault, "Evolver" solidifies Legend's standing in the pantheon of good soul singers, but greatness continues to elude him."
"Billboard" gave it a positive review and said that "Legend's voice remains beyond reproach, but for a guy who's an oasis of style and soul in a sea of synthetic, robo-call R&B, at times it seems like he's playing catch-up." "The New York Times" likewise gave it a positive review and stated: "With reverberations and a choral backdrop straight out of Seal, it’s his only overreach. Mr. Legend is more charming one-on-one." "The Village Voice" also gave it a favorable review and stated: "As the dying industry is still breathing in the toxins of useless filler, patrons like John Legend are fully indulging their creativity in all its flawed glory, just like the soul giants of yesteryear." AllHipHop likewise gave it a positive review and stated: "Even if "Evolver" is less cohesive due to the integration of the Pop sound to the alternative styles played around with in "Once Again", it still is light years ahead of any artist mimicking his suave persona." "The Boston Globe" similarly gave it a positive review and stated that, "As the title suggests, Legend is a work-in-progress, and this stage in his evolution is worth hearing." "Hartford Courant" likewise gave it a positive review and said that the album "delivers what it promises: A singer, songwriter and musician pushing himself to grow. This is a good first step."
Other reviews are average, mixed or negative: "Mojo" gave the album a score of three stars out of five and called it "a good album, but there's a pull between the commercial and the more left-field." "Q" also gave it three stars out of five and said that the album was "more in the same gold-standard, singer-songwriterly vein." "Spin" gave it a score of six out of ten and said, "Though he's unlikely to encounter much trouble selling these romantic conceits to his female-heavy fan base, some of the scenarios on John Legend's third studio album could be fresher." "The Guardian" likewise gave it three stars out of five and said, "As on Legend's previous two efforts, his balladry can tend towards the beige, and oatmeal slow jams such as 'Cross the Line' prove unmemorable; but the innate warmth of Legend's voice mostly carries his material." "Slant Magazine" also gave it three stars out of five and said, "For a change, Legend doesn't constantly sound as though he's trying to impress the VH1 cognoscenti with his impeccable musicality. Sure, that's to say it's occasionally dumb, but oh so approachable." "Hot Press" gave it the same score of three out of five and said, "Legend manages to capture the optimistic spirit of Barack Obama in addition to his mastery of soul, pop and hip-hop". "Blender", however, gave the album two stars out of five and called it "the least accomplished of [Legend's] albums" but "nonetheless a refreshing change of sorts, for all its faults, at least as far as missteps are concerned."

</doc>
<doc id="18644328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644328" title="Allan Adler">
Allan Adler

Allan Adler (1916–2002) was an American silversmith.
Beginning his career as an apprentice in 1938, Adler designed silverware and holloware in shapes inspired by the Modernist art movement of the early 1900s.
His name became associated with Hollywood glamour in the early 1940s, and he was commissioned to design mini-Oscars for Academy Award winners, crowns for Miss Universe and Miss USA, and silver bowls, candlesticks and goblets for celebrity clients. During John F. Kennedy's presidential campaign, Adler crafted a silver coffee urn to be used at a fund-raising event.
Adler married Becca Blanchard, daughter of noted silversmith Porter Blanchard.

</doc>
<doc id="18644382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644382" title="Pooppathy">
Pooppathy

Pooppathy is a small village near Mala in the Thrissur district of Kerala, India. It is located 43.8 km away from the Thrissur and is a very self-sufficient village in all respects.There are a lot of temples in pooppathy such as Thankulam siva kshethram, Chulloor vishnu kshethram, Madathikkavu bhagavathi kshetram, Daivathingal, Chundanga parammbil annapoorneswary kshethram, choolakkal bhagavathy kshethram, Erummel bhagavathy, Tharakkal bhagavathy kshethram and Durga Kshetram which have a history of years.
Overview.
The major school in this region is ALPS primary school at Pooppathy. It is aided school having a track record of more than 100 years, it is founded by late Shri. K.R.Karappan, KaimaparambilHouse Pooppathy. There are two libraries at pooppathy (North and South) (pooppthy comes under poyya panchayath) which played an important role in its history.
But in recent times Pooppathy has developed very well. Festivity is in the air, throughout the year, in Kerala. Similarly in pooppathy also. A reflection of the varied terrain of the land and the exuberant people, these festivals are connected with a temple, church, a national phenomenon. The festivals are cultural events which bring together people from all walks of life, all castes and creeds. These are perhaps the only occasions when one gets to watch the wealth of classical and folkarts of the land which are otherwise fast being relegated to memory. In this the most important one is Madathikavu Bhagavathys utsavam which is celebrated on Makaram 7th and 8th of every year It is the festival with an unmatched pageantry of drums, 3 caparisoned elephants and brilliant fireworks are so inseparably integrated that the extravaganza of Utsavam, excites you in the same breath when you hear the name of Pooppathy. Besides the major utsavam, the temple has a unique distinction of hosting Utsavams of two backward communities with equal fervency. The 'Soyus Soccer Fest' is a major event which was revived in the recent past by Football frenzy people and give unmatched enthusiasm to the all category of localites.
The socio-economic factors of Pooppathy is just like that of a very self-sufficient economy. The place is very rich of labour force and have a short fall of sufficient number of factories or other production area to utilise the force in a good way. A considerable portion of its people are in government service. There is a group of dedicated youth who are organizing Competitive Exam Oriented Coaching Class. The coaching & Career Guidance is being given absolutely free with support of Poyya Grama Panchayath.

</doc>
<doc id="18644383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644383" title="Bernhard Pez">
Bernhard Pez

Bernhard Pez (born 22 February 1683, at Ybbs near Melk; died 27 March 1735, at Melk, Lower Austria) was an Austrian Benedictine historian and librarian.
Life.
He studied at Vienna and Krems, and in 1699 entered Melk Abbey. Having studied the classical languages, he was made professor in the Melk monastery school in 1704, and in the same year went to the University of Vienna, where he studied theology. In 1708 he was ordained priest.
He took up history, and in 1713, became librarian at Melk. As a model for his historical works he followed the French Maurists. He studied the archives of the order at Melk and Vienna, and in 1715-17 he, with his brother Hieronymus Pez, searched for manuscripts in the Austrian, Bavarian, and Swabian monasteries. 
In 1716 he published a plan for a universal Benedictine library, in which all the authors of the order, and their works, should be catalogued and reviewed. He obtained from the monasteries of his order no less than seven hundred and nine titles. He also had friendly literary relations with Johann von Eckhart, Schannat, Uffenbach, Schmincke, Mosheim, Lünig etc. In 1728 he accompanied Count Sinzendorf to France, where he made the acquaintance of Montfaucon, Martène Durand, Le Texier, Calmet etc., and enriched his collection from the libraries of the order. 
Works.
His chief works are: 
In a controversy with the Jesuits he defended his order with the "Epistolæ apologeticæ pro Ordine S. Benedicti", 1716. In 1725 he published "Homilien des Abtes Gottfried von Admont (1165)", in two vols., and the minor philosophical works of Abbot Engelbert von Admont. 
His proposed monumental work, "Bibliotheca Benedictina Generalis", was never completed. His manuscript material is partly made use of in the "Historia rei literariæ O.S.B." by Ziegelbauer-Legipont (1754). His manuscripts were preserved at Melk.

</doc>
<doc id="18644392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644392" title="Bagaria">
Bagaria

Lluis Bagaria i Bou (Barcelona, 1882 - Havana, 1940) one of most important Spanish caricaturists in the first half of the 20th century. His drawings, in a synthetic and decorative style, were published in the most important journals of Spain, including "L'Esquella de la Torratxa" and "¡Cu-Cut!" between 1906 and 1940.
He was born in Barcelona, but it was in Madrid where he achieved great popularity and fame. He published in the journal "El Sol" and drew the covers of "España" magazine. His caricatures against fascism during the war provoked his exile to Paris and into Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="18644398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644398" title="Wade Liddell">
Wade Liddell

Wade Liddell born 1 June 1979 is a rugby league player for the Easts Tigers in the Queensland Cup. He plays as a full-back. He is a Scotland international. He has previously played for the Gateshead Thunder.
He has been named in the Scotland training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
He has been named in the Scotland squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
He played in 163 games for the Easts Tigers in the Queensland Cup. He scored 65 tries and a total of 290 points.
He played for the Souths Logan Magpies in the 2011 Queensland Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18644435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644435" title="Daniël Theys">
Daniël Theys

Daniël Theys (born 26 January 1953 in Holsbeek, Belgium) is a Belgian glassmaker. He usually works as a duo with his wife, Chris Miseur.
Biography.
Theys started his own glass studio in 1987, where he began by making stained glass windows. Later, he went to Murano in Italy to learn the traditional techniques of glass art. He currently has a large studio in Leuven, near Brussels, called "Belgian Glass Styling". His wife came to share in his passion for glass and became a glass artist in 1990. Their son, Daan Theys is following in their footsteps.
Projects.
Theys is best known for creating the largest stained glass window in Belgium. It may be seen at the church of "Onze Lieve Vrouw van Gedurige Bijstand" in Haacht. The glass-in-concrete measures 22 by 7 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="18644437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644437" title="Scottish Gold">
Scottish Gold

Scottish Gold is a proposed TV channel to be managed by a joint venture of STV Group plc, and the BBC. The STV Chief Executive said they are looking for the BBC to invest in £15 million of public money a year. Rob Woodward, the chief executive of SMG said at a Broadcasting Press Guild lunch, that the service would be the "best of the BBC and STV" with an injection of news and current affairs as well as Scottish-based factual programming. "It would be Scottish Gold but with some news and current affairs," he added.
The proposed channel aligns with BBC Alba, a Gaelic-language TV service, also run by a joint venture between the BBC and the local broadcasting company Gaelic Media Service.

</doc>
<doc id="18644453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644453" title="Steve Ziem">
Steve Ziem

Stephen Graeling Ziem (born October 24, 1961 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is a former professional baseball player. A right-handed pitcher, Ziem played two games in Major League Baseball for the Atlanta Braves in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18644494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644494" title="Cyril Saugrain">
Cyril Saugrain

Cyril Saugrain (born 22 June 1973 in Livry-Gargan, Seine-Saint-Denis) is a French former professional road bicycle racer, who won the 4th stage of the 1996 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18644496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644496" title="Diocese of the Free State">
Diocese of the Free State

The Diocese of the Free State is a diocese in the Anglican Church of Southern Africa.
History.
The first service North of the Orange River to be taken by an Anglican clergyman was conducted in 1850 by Robert Gray, the first Bishop of Cape Town. In 1863, Edward Twells was consecrated the first Bishop of the Orange Free State and the Diocese was born. This new Diocese covered the area North of the Orange River, West of the Drakensberg and as far as the Zambezi River in the North.
The Bishop arrived in Bloemfontein on 1 October 1863, with three priests and two teachers. The Revd George Mitchell, was the first priest ordained in the Diocese, in 1865. The Cathedral was completed and consecrated in 1866. The Brotherhood of St Augustine of Hippo was established in the diocese a year later with Canon Beckett and seven members. Together they built the first Anglican church in Thaba Nchu, completed in 1868. This pioneering community established the Church’s work in Thaba Nchu and in places as far apart as Wepener and Harrismith and continued faithfully from their house at Modderpoort until their work was taken over by the Society of the Sacred Mission in 1902.
The first Diocesan Synod met in 1872 and a good foundation was laid for the organizational side of the Church’s work. Two years later the need for Sisters for nursing, teaching and visiting was recognised and the Community of St Michael and All Angels was founded in Bloemfontein. Furthermore, the Transvaal became no longer the responsibility of Bloemfontein when the Anglican Diocese of Pretoria was formed in 1878. Then in 1891 the scope of the diocese again changed with the formation of the Anglican Diocese of Mashonaland.
In 1899, the year the Anglo Boer war broke out (Boer Wars), the diocesan bishop, Bishop Hicks, died. Bishop Allan Webb resigned the See of Grahamstown and came back to look after his old diocese until a new bishop could be elected.
The first missionary conference was held in the Cathedral in 1904. Some years later, to aid the mission work of the church and oversight, the Anglican Diocese of Kimberley and Kuruman was established in 1911. This was repeated again in 1950 with the formation of the Anglican Diocese of Lesotho (then, Basutoland) and in 1952, with the founding of the Anglican Diocese of Matabeleland. In 2003 the diocese changed its name to the Diocese of the Free State.
The seat of the diocese is in Bloemfontein in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18644516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644516" title="List of BBC Radio Sherlock Holmes dramatisations">
List of BBC Radio Sherlock Holmes dramatisations

This List of BBC Radio Sherlock Holmes dramatisations summarises the BBC Radio 4 radio dramatisations of the complete Sherlock Holmes stories, featuring Clive Merrison as Holmes and Michael Williams as Watson. Together, the two actors completed radio adaptations of every story in the canon between 1989 and 1998. The complete canonical run is available on CD and audio cassette.
A Study In Scarlet.
Two one-hour episodes recorded October 1989, at BBC studios, Maida Vale, London and first broadcast on 5 and 12 November 1989.
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes.
Episodes.
Peter Davison plays the part of Inspector Forester in "The Reigate Squires"
The Further Adventures of Sherlock Holmes.
The Further Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, a new series consisting of original stories written exclusively by Bert Coules was then commissioned, but following Williams' death from cancer in 2001, he was replaced by Andrew Sachs. The episodes of The Further Adventures were based on throwaway references in Doyle's short stories and novels.
Four of the five original stories transmitted in 2002 are also available on audio cassette and CD, and four of the five original stories transmitted in 2004 are available on CD.
There are four series of the Further Adventures of Sherlock Holmes written by Bert Coules.

</doc>
<doc id="18644518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644518" title="Opdyke">
Opdyke

Opdyke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18644523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644523" title="Hieronymus Pez">
Hieronymus Pez

Hieronymus Pez (24 February 1685 – 14 October 1762) was an Austrian Benedictine librarian and historian.
Pez was born at Ybbs. In 1703 he entered the novitiate at Melk Abbey, and was ordained in 1711. He became assistant to his brother Bernhard Pez, after whose death he became librarian. He remained at Melk until his own death.
Hieronymus Pez was also member of the first learned society in Habsburg Monarchy, the Societas eruditorum incognitorum in terris Austriacis, which was publishing the first scientific journal of the monarchy, to which Pez was also contributing.
Works.
His principal works are: 

</doc>
<doc id="18644533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644533" title="Mingote">
Mingote

Don Antonio Mingote Barrachina, 1st Marquess of Daroca (17 January 19193 April 2012), also simply known as Mingote, was a Spanish cartoonist, writer, and journalist. He drew a daily cartoon in ABC since 1953 until his death in 2012.
Biography.
He was born in Sitges, Barcelona, Spain.
Honors.
On 1 December 2011, Mingote was raised into the Spanish nobility by King Juan Carlos I with the hereditary title of "Marqués de Daroca" (English: Marquess of Daroca).
Death.
He died in Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="18644536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644536" title="Little Angel (song)">
Little Angel (song)

"Little Angel" is the first single from the Finnish gothic metal band Charon, from their album Downhearted. The single rose to number 5 on the Finnish singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18644557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644557" title="Leonurine">
Leonurine

Leonurine is one of the chemical constituents of the South African plant "Leonotis leonurus". It is a mildly psychoactive alkaloid found in species "Leonotis nepetifolia", "Leonotis artemisia" as well as other plants of family Lamiaceae. Leonurine is easily extracted into water, as well as from the essential oil of "Leonurus sibiricus".
Traditional uses.
Primary uses include treatment of:

</doc>
<doc id="18644559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644559" title="Competizione dell' Opera">
Competizione dell' Opera

The Competizione dell'Opera is an international singing competition based Germany for singers specializing in Italian opera.
History.
In 1996, a new international singing competition was born that focused on Italian operas: "I Cestelli Competizione dell' Opera". Following its two appearances in Hamburg in 1996 and 1998, the competition has been established in Dresden since 2001.
The participants of the competition apply with sixth different arias in the qualifying round for semi final of the Italian Opera. The best ten out of the qualifying rounds are able to participate at the final.
Singers who were once finalists and winners of the competition include Marina Mescheriakova, Ashley Holland, Lado Ataneli, Anja Harteros, Carla Maria Izzo, Woo-Kyung Kim, and Latonia Moore. The international jury comprises representatives from the major European opera houses and festivals, artists' managers, famous singers, directors and representatives from the media and from music academies. In 2008 the finals concert took place in the Semperoper in Dresden with the Saarländischen Rundfunks Symphony Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="18644584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644584" title="Operation Augurs of Prosperity">
Operation Augurs of Prosperity

Operation Augurs of Prosperity (Arabic: "Bashaer al-Kheir") is an Iraqi operation against insurgents in Diyala, north-east of Baghdad. The operation was launched on 29 July 2008 by elements of at least three Iraqi Army divisions, with four U.S. armored cavalry squadrons from the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment and the 2nd Stryker Cavalry Regiment in support. The U.S. led operation is designated Operation Iron Pursuit and consists of three sub-operations: Sabre Pursuit, Eagle Pursuit and Bastogne Pursuit.
According to the Iraqi Ministry of Defence, the first phase of the operation was concluded on 11 August. Major-General Mohammed al-Askari reported that the Iraqi security forces had achieved half of the goals set for the operation. Al-Askari reported that 800 suspects had been arrested, including 42 Islamic State of Iraq leaders.
Background.
In January 2008, U.S. forces throughout Iraq launched Operation Phantom Phoenix, a corps-level operation with a significant focus on Diyala. Despite a decrease in violence, partly attributable to Awakening Councils, groups formed by Sunni sheiks and supported by American forces, attacks remained at high levels. Many of these attacks were directed at the leaders of these groups.
Insurgents retained strongholds in the western desert regions of Diyala, in the foothills of the Hamrin mountains and around Lake Hamrin. These locations were a fall-back position for al-Qaida in Iraq and other insurgent groups and were targeted by U.S. special operations forces in the months leading up to the operation.
On 25 July, U.S. forces from the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment and the 18th brigade, 5th Iraqi division, launched Operation Sabre Pursuit in Hamud (Samood), south of Balad Ruz in the east of the province.
The operation.
On 29 July, the Diyala Operational Command imposed a curfew throughout the province, restricting all unofficial vehicle movement, and a number of checkpoints were set up in the capital, Baqubah.
Iraqi forces conducted a number of house searches in Baqubah and Khan Bani Saad, 15 miles south of Baqubah.
On 31 July, Iraqi forces captured Abu Anas al-Baghdadi, Al-Qaeda in Iraq's media expert in the country, as well as four members of the Mujahideen Shura Council during a raid in western Diyala. Iraqi security forces lifted the curfew throughout the province.
On 2 August, the U.S. 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment handed over responsibility for security in Balad Ruz, in the east of the province, to Iraqi security forces from the 18th brigade, 5th Iraqi Army Division, indicating that the region appears to have been cleared.
By 5 August, Iraqi forces had captured a number of key Al-Qaeda in Iraq leaders, including Qussai Ali Khalaf, the head of Islamic State of Iraq in Diyala; Adnan Gumer Mohammed, Basem al Safaah and Antisar Khudair, a woman suspected of recruiting female suicide bombers. According to U.S. forces, insurgents appeared to be fleeing from Diyala westwards towards Salah-ad-Din as Iraqi forces pushed up the Uzaym River valley. U.S. forces from the 1st Brigade, 101st Airborne Division, set up blocking positions in Salah-ad-Din to catch these insurgents. It also conducted a number of air assaults into known Al-Qaeda rear areas.
Aftermath.
On 25 August, the insurgents struck back when a suicide bomber attacked a police recruiting station killing 35 recruits in Jalawla.

</doc>
<doc id="18644593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644593" title="Jonathan Bayliss">
Jonathan Bayliss

Jonathan Bayliss (September 7, 1926, Arlington, Massachusetts - April 15, 2009, Gloucester, Massachusetts) was an American novelist and playwright who lived and wrote in Gloucester, Massachusetts. He was a close friend of poet Charles Olson after Olson's return to Gloucester in the late 1950s. Bayliss's highly innovative and polymathic novels employ a vast vocabulary, contain mathematical and philosophical puzzles, and avoid pop culture references in favor of historical and mythological allusions.
Gloucesterman.
Bayliss's "Gloucesterman" tetralogy explores the concepts of mythology and ritual throughout history; the value of collective human endeavor to society; the tension between the mysteries of art and science; and the degradation of culture through economic exploitation. "Gloucesterbook" and its sequel "Gloucestertide" create a fiction-world out of Gloucester similar to the Wessex of Thomas Hardy. The introductory volume "Prologos" was published in 1999. The final volume of the tetralogy, "Gloucestermas," was published by Fontis Press in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18644606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644606" title="CBS Mobile">
CBS Mobile

CBS Mobile is a division of CBS Interactive Inc. charged with building CBS Corporation's wireless business across entertainment, sports and news for CBS, The CW, and CBS Paramount Television. CBS Mobile offers content ranging from mobile video alerts for CBS Mobile News, CBS Sports Mobile and entertainment properties, to mobile Web sites, made-for-mobile video on all major carriers, a 24/7 mobile television network, and partnerships with ad targeting companies.
Features.
Aggregate Knowledge.
CBS Mobile has partnered with the company Aggregate Knowledge, which sifts through click-histories of every story on the site and looks at users in aggregate in order to find patterns in those clicks so that it can recommend the most relevant Web content based on what other people with similar tastes are reading and clicking on.
Ads.
On February 6, 2008, CBS Mobile and Loopt announced an agreement to deliver the first location-based mobile Web site advertisements in the United States. Through this partnership, advertisers will be able to use GPS and other localization technology to reach consumers at their physical location, enabling them to target users who are near a particular place of business.
Privacy.
The ads are not sent via SMS to consumers' mobile devices, but instead appear on mobile Web sites which consumers can access from their cell phones. Loopt has claimed that all consumer location data used is privacy protected by Loopt and its partners under compliance with the industry's practices.
CBS Mobile and Loopt also require that interested customers “opt in” the ad service. And to further protect privacy, the two executives say the ads are delivered anonymously and the location history is not stored.

</doc>
<doc id="18644636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644636" title="Apeira syringaria">
Apeira syringaria

The Lilac Beauty (Apeira syringaria) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found throughout Europe.
The wingspan is 38–42 mm. The length of the forewings is 19–22 mm. The moth flies from June to July .
The caterpillars feed on honeysuckle and privet.

</doc>
<doc id="18644645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644645" title="Oliver Legipont">
Oliver Legipont

Oliver Legipont (born at Soiron, Limburg, 2 December 1698; died at Trier, 16 January 1758) was a German Benedictine bibliographer.
Life.
Having received his early education from the Franciscans at Verviers, he proceeded for higher studies to Cologne. There he entered the abbey of Great St. Martin, received the priesthood on 22 May 1723, and took the degree of Licentiate in 1728.
He was commissioned to examine and put in order numerous libraries. His life was practically a succession of journeys, from one library to another.
He was instrumental in the erection of a Benedictine college in the University of Heidelberg.
Oliver Legipont was also member of the first learned society in Habsburg Monarchy, the Societas eruditorum incognitorum in terris Austriacis, which was publishing the first scientific journal of the monarchy, to which Legipont was also contributing.
Works.
Most of his writings remained unedited. Among the printed works are:

</doc>
<doc id="18644650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644650" title="List of Nippon Professional Baseball players">
List of Nippon Professional Baseball players

The following is a list of Nippon Professional Baseball players, retired or active. Managers are also included for convenience.
The list is broken down into a page of each letter to reduce the size.

</doc>
<doc id="18644651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644651" title="King's Quay, Isle of Wight">
King's Quay, Isle of Wight

King's Quay is a place on the north east coast of the Isle of Wight, an island off the South Coast of England. It comprises the estuary of a stream called Palmer's Brook, situated between East Cowes and Wootton Creek, about north west of Wootton. It is said, probably apocryphally, to have been the place that King John fled to after signing the Magna Carta, from which it derives its name.
It is private land, part of the Barton Estate, owned by Robert Stigwood and is a Site of Special Scientific Interest and Ramsar site. It is rich in fossils, particularly of oligocene fish and mesolithic artifacts in a rocky outcrop known as the Osborne Beds.
It comprises an area of saltmarsh, sand and marsh, bounded by ancient woodlands at Wallhill Copse, Curlew Copse, Woodhouse Copse and Brickhill Copse.
The Quay is a causeway which is breached in one place leading to a stone bridge. 
During the Middle Ages, King's Quay and the adjoining Meads Hole to the north in Osborne Bay was the site of a market of stolen goods, the plunder of Isle of Wight pirates upon French and Spanish shipping.
It is inaccessible to the public, but can be approached from the south western end by Forestry Commission land at Woodhouse Copse.

</doc>
<doc id="18644654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644654" title="Chitralekha">
Chitralekha

Chitralekha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18644656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644656" title="William Sydenham">
William Sydenham

William Sydenham (1615–1661) was a Cromwellian soldier; and the eldest brother of Thomas Sydenham. He fought for Parliament and defeated the Royalists in various skirmishes in Dorset. He was member of the various parliaments of the Commonwealth, avowal conservative principles, and defended the liberties of Englishmen. In 1654 made councillor and commissioner of the treasury by Oliver Cromwell. Took the side of the army against Parliament. In 1660, after the Protectorate, and before the Restoration, he was expelled from the Long Parliament. After the Restoration, he was perpetually incapacitated from holding office by the Indemnity and Oblivion Act.
Biography.
Sydenham was a Cromwellian soldier, baptised 8 April 1615, was the eldest son of William Sydenham of Wynford Eagle, Dorset, by Mary, daughter of Sir John Jeffrey of Catherston. Thomas Sydenham was his brother. When the English Civil War broke out Sydenham and his three younger brothers took up arms for Parliament, and distinguished themselves by their activity in the local struggle. In April 1644 he had risen to the rank of colonel, and on 17 June 1644 Earl of Essex appointed him governor of Weymouth. In July Sydenham defeated a plundering party from the garrison of Wareham at Dorchester, and hanged six or eight of his prisoners as being "mere Irish rebels".
This gave rise to equally cruel reprisals on the part of the royalists.
In conjunction with Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper, Sydenham captured Wareham on 10 August 1644, and Abbotsbury House. He also defeated Sir Lewis Dyve, the commander-in-chief of the Dorset Royalists, in various skirmishes, in one of which he killed, with his own hand, Major Williams, whom he accused of the murder of his mother. In February 1645 Sir Lewis Dyve surprised Weymouth, but Sydenham and the garrison of Melcombe Regis succeeded in regaining it a fortnight later.
In November 1645 Sydenham was elected to Parliament as member for Melcombe. On 1 March 1648 the House of Lords ordered Sydenham £1,000 towards his arrears of pay to be raised by discoveries of "delinquents' lands" (confiscate Royalist lands). On 14 August 1649 he and Colonel Fleetwood were appointed joint governors of the Isle of Wight.
The historian Charles Firth states Sydenham's political importance really begins with the expulsion of the Long Parliament in 1653. He was a member of the council of thirteen appointed by the officers of the army on 29 April 1653; was summoned to the Rump Parliament, and was re-elected by that assembly to the Council of State on 9 July and 1 November 1653. His views, however, were too conservative for him to sympathise with the policy of the Rump Parliament. On 6 February 1649 he had been one of the tellers for the minority in the Long Parliament who wished to retain the House of Lords, so on 10 December 1653 he performed the same duty for the minority of the Rump Parliament who voted for the retention of an established church. Two days later Sydenham took the lead in proposing that the assembly should dissolve itself, and may therefore be considered one of the founders of the protectorate. Oliver Cromwell appointed Sydenham a member of his council, and made him also one of the commissioners of the treasury on 2 August 1654. His salary as councillor was £1,000 a year, and he enjoyed a similar sum as commissioner.
Sydenham sat for Dorset in the parliaments of 1654 and 1656, distinguishing himself during the debates of the latter by his opposition to the exorbitant punishment the house wished to inflict on James Naylor. When the Protector's intervention on behalf of Naylor raised a complaint of breach of privilege, Sydenham recalled the house to the real question. "We live as parliament men but for a time, but we live as Englishmen always. I would not have us be so tender of the privilege of parliament as to forget the liberties of Englishmen". He also spoke against anti-quaker legislation, and during the discussion of the petition and advice against the imposition of oaths and engagements. When in December 1657 Sydenham was summoned to Cromwell's House of Lords, a republican pamphlet remarked that, though "he hath not been thorough-paced for tyranny in time of parliaments", it was hoped he might yet be "so redeemed as never to halt or stand off for the future against the Protector's interest".
After the death of Oliver Cromwell Sydenham became one of Richard Cromwell's council ; but in April 1659 he acted with Fleetwood, Desborough, and what was termed the Wallingford House party to force him to dissolve the third Protectorate Parliament. According to Ludlow, he was one of the chief agents in the negotiation between the army leaders and the republicans which led to Richard's fall. On the restoration of the Rump Parliament Sydenham became a member of the Committee of Safety on 7 May 1659 and of the Council of State just over a week later on 16 May, though he had conscientious scruples against taking the oath required from members of the latter. He was also given the command of a regiment of foot.
When John Lambert turned out the Rump Parliament again, Sydenham took part with the army, and was made a member of their Committee of Safety. Sydenham attempted to justify the violence of the army to the Council of State, "undertaking to prove that they were necessitated to make use of this last remedy by a particular call of divine Providence". When the Rump Parliament was again restored, Sydenham was called to answer for his conduct, and, failing to give a satisfactory explanation, was expelled on 17 January 1660. His regiment also was taken from him and given to John Lenthall, the speaker's son. At the restoration the Act of Indemnity and Oblivion included him among the eighteen persons perpetually incapacitated from holding any office on 29 August 1660, and he was also obliged to enter into a bond not to disturb the peace of the kingdom. Sydenham died in July 1661.
Family.
In 1637 Sydenham was married to Grace (who died about a week after Sydenham in 1661), daughter of John Trenchard of Warmwell.

</doc>
<doc id="18644657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644657" title="Royal Audiencia of Buenos Aires">
Royal Audiencia of Buenos Aires

The Real Audiencia de Buenos Aires, were two "audiencias", or highest courts, of the Spanish crown, which resided in Buenos Aires. The authority of the first extended to the territory of the Governorate of the Río de la Plata and operated from 1661 to 1671. The second began to function in 1783 and had as its territory the areas of the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata not covered by the Audiencia de Charcas, that is to say the intendancies of Buenos Aires, Córdoba del Tucumán, Salta del Tucumán and Paraguay. In 1810, after the May Revolution, it was suspended, and in 1813 the Assembly of the Year XIII permanently disbanded it. The Audiencias resided in the city's "cabildo" building.
History.
Audiencia of Buenos Aires during the Governorate.
Created by Philip IV by decree ("real cédula") in 1661, it covered the governorates of Río de la Plata, Paraguay (established in 1617) and Tucumán. This Audiencia was dissolved in 1671.
The Recompilation of Laws of the Indies of 1680, Law XIII ("Audiencia y Chancilleria Real de la Ciudad de la Trinidad, Puerto de Buenos Ayres") Title XV ("De las Audiencias y Chancillerias Reales de las Indias") of Book II, compiles the limits and functionaries of this Audiencia.
Audiencia of Buenos Aires under the Viceroyalty.
Created during the reign of Charles III of Spain (1759–1788) and during the government of viceroy Juan José de Vértiz y Salcedo, in 1783, as part of the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata, from 1 August 1776.
Its territory included the intendancies mentioned above and the subordinate Governorates of Misiones and Montevideo.

</doc>
<doc id="18644660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644660" title="Sărdănești Power Station">
Sărdănești Power Station

The Sărdăneşti Power Station will be one of the largest electricity producers in Romania, having 4 groups of 175 MW each totalling an installed capacity of 700 MW and an electricity generation capacity of around 5.3 TW/year.
The power plant will be situated in the Gorj County (South-Western Romania) on the banks of the Jiu River in Sărdăneşti. The construction of the power plant will begin in 2009 and it will be finished in 2013 at a total cost of US$ 1.3 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="18644669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644669" title="International Commission on Nuclear Non-proliferation and Disarmament">
International Commission on Nuclear Non-proliferation and Disarmament

The International Commission on Nuclear Non-proliferation and Disarmament is a joint initiative of the Australian and Japanese governments. It was proposed by Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd on 9 June 2008, and on 9 July 2008 Rudd and Japanese Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda agreed to establish it. 
The Commission is co-chaired by former Australian foreign minister Gareth Evans and former Japanese foreign minister Yoriko Kawaguchi. Key goals for the Commission include undertaking preparatory work for the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty Review Conference in 2010, including shaping a global consensus in the lead-up to the Review Conference.
The Commission presented its report on 15 December 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18644679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644679" title="In Trust of No One">
In Trust of No One

"In Trust of No One" is a single from the Finnish gothic metal band Charon, from their album The Dying Daylights. The single entered the Finnish charts at number one.

</doc>
<doc id="18644689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644689" title="HMS Plymouth (1708)">
HMS Plymouth (1708)

HMS "Plymouth" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Devonport Dockyard (Devonport then known as Plymouth-Dock) to the 1706 Establishment of dimensions, and launched on 25 May 1708.
Orders were issued on 26 May 1720 directing "Plymouth" to be taken to pieces and rebuilt according to the 1719 Establishment at Chatham, from where she was relaunched on 2 August 1722. "Plymouth" remained in service until she was broken up in 1764.

</doc>
<doc id="18644692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644692" title="Raj Anand">
Raj Anand

Raj Anand (born 1982) is a Brighton-based web entrepreneur. Raj Anand is one of eighteen Young Entrepreneurs in Europe profiled by BusinessWeek in 2007. He is also the ambassador for Enterprise UK campaign. Raj was the founder and operations director at social network service provider Kwiqq and author of Social Media's Impact on Recruitment and HR. He also writes personal blogs Raj Anand
Personal life.
Raj 'Rajeshwar Singh Anand' was born in Kuwait and grew mainly in India and Kuwait. 
Early life and now.
He has a bachelors degree in computer system engineering and Master of Research in Computer science and Artificial intelligence from University of Sussex. Raj was one of six entrepreneurs chosen by the panel and won Government funding to take a short Master of Business Administration course at Cranfield University. Things snowballed quickly when Raj found a Brighton-based business angel, David Hill, prepared to invest into setting up a business. Raj built Kwiqq at the age of 23, building majority of the software himself. Anand is a major supporter of entrepreneurship/young entrepreneur speaking at British Library, Foreign and Commonwealth Office, MakeYourMark campaigns etc. Raj now works as a consultant developing creative use of Social network/media and is involved in developing strategies to innovate new social tools at Kwiqq.
Raj is also the creator of SUE, Sussex University Entrepreneurs, through which he is trying to support and promote entrepreneurship.

</doc>
<doc id="18644702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644702" title="Dow Hour of Great Mysteries">
Dow Hour of Great Mysteries

The Dow Hour of Great Mysteries, was a series of seven television specials hosted by Joseph Nye Welch that were aired in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18644703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644703" title="Chenogne, Belgium">
Chenogne, Belgium

Chenogne (or Chegnogne) is a village in the municipality of Vaux-sur-Sûre, in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
In 1945 American soldiers are alleged to have massacred German SS soldiers during World War II (see the Chenogne massacre).

</doc>
<doc id="18644704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644704" title="Artur Januszewski">
Artur Januszewski


</doc>
<doc id="18644717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644717" title="Gun laws in the United States">
Gun laws in the United States

Gun laws in the United States may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18644718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644718" title="International Atatürk-Alatoo University">
International Atatürk-Alatoo University

The International Atatürk-Alatoo University (IAAU) (Russian: Международный Университет Ататюрк Алатоо) is a private university in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan. English is the main medium of instruction at the university. Some classes are taught in Russian and a few other classes are taught in Turkish.
History.
The International Atatürk Alatoo University is one of the first private universities established in the Kyrgyz Republic. It started its educational activity in 1996. The school's first students were graduated in 2001.
Academics.
The International Atatürk Alatoo University has the following faculties:

</doc>
<doc id="18644723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644723" title="Religious/Delicious">
Religious/Delicious

"Religious/Delicious" is a single by the Finnish gothic metal band Charon from their album "The Dying Daylights".

</doc>
<doc id="18644726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644726" title="Peki'in HaHadasha">
Peki'in HaHadasha

Peki'in HaHadasha (, lit. "New Peki'in") is an moshav in northern Israel. Located near Peki'in, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 355.
The moshav was established in 1955 by two gar'ins of immigrants from Morocco at the initiative of President Yitzhak Ben-Zvi. The first group arrived in February, and was made up of former residents of Casablanca, Fes, Melilla and Rabat. The second group arrived in October, and was composed of immigrants from Larache, Tangier and Tétouan.

</doc>
<doc id="18644741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644741" title="Zbigniew Kowalski">
Zbigniew Kowalski


</doc>
<doc id="18644754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644754" title="Theria primaria">
Theria primaria

The Early Moth "(Theria primaria)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found throughout Europe.
The wingspan is and the forewings are long. The moth flies from January to February .
The larva feed on hawthorn and blackthorn.

</doc>
<doc id="18644759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644759" title="Speed Lamkin">
Speed Lamkin

Hillyer Speed Lamkin (born Monroe, Louisiana, 1928; died Monroe, Louisiana, May 2, 2011) is an American novelist and playwright. He is best known for his first novel "Tiger in the Garden" (1950) and was called "the poor man's Truman Capote" by the composer Ned Rorem. He was a recipient of a 1950 O. Henry Award for his short story "Comes a Day".
Background.
Lamkin was the son of Ebb Tyler Lamkin (1893–1958), a prominent member of Monroe society, and his wife, the former Eugenia Layton Speed (born 1901). He was named for his maternal grandfather, Hillyer Rolston Speed, an insurance executive.
He had one sibling, Marguerite, who became a voice coach for Southern-themed films such as "Baby Doll", "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof", "The Long, Hot Summer", and "Raintree County". Married to screenwriter Harry Brown and actor Rory Harrity, she is now the wife of Mark Littman, Queen's Counsel and former deputy chairman of British Steel.[http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9406E4DC1239F937A35757C0A96F958260&scp=1&sq=marguerite%20littman&st=cse]
Education.
Lamkin graduated Harvard University in 1948, which he had entered at the age of 16.
Literary career.
Described as "short, porcine, effeminate" by biographer Fred Kaplan and a "niggery, flirty, shrewd, frivolous, perceptive young person" by Christopher Isherwood, Lamkin was often compared to Truman Capote because of his Gothic prose and literary precocity. Tennessee Williams, however, observed, "He doesn't write as well but is more agreeable". Similarly jaundiced was Dodie Smith, an English novelist and playwright, who described Lamkin as "a nice bright child but with an ounce of talent only, and not a reliable critic".
He became a sensation at age 22 with the publication of his 1950 novel, "Tiger in the Garden". The New York Times called the Southern tale "a diffuse examination of the retirement of aristocrats before the vitality of 'new' crude opportunists" but criticized its "overall sense of a low-powered, highly polished Hollywood product".
Lamkin and his friend Gus Field wrote a dramatic adaptation of Isherwood's story "Sally Bowles" but it was rejected in favor of an adaptation by John van Druten. He also contributed fiction to "Mademoiselle" and wrote a 90-minute television script about the life of Washington, D.C. hostess and ambassador Perle Mesta in 1956; its intended star was Rosalind Russell though the role was eventually played by Shirley Booth. In 1950 he was hired to write an English-language version of "La Otra", a Mexican film starring Dolores del Río; it was reportedly being written as a vehicle for Joan Crawford.
He also wrote for television and Broadway, notably "Comes a Day", a 1958 play that starred Judith Anderson, Brandon deWilde, Michael J. Pollard, Eileen Ryan, and George C. Scott. Produced by Cheryl Crawford and Alan J. Pakula, the play was not a success, being described by The New York Times as "a puzzling drama" that was "uneven baffling" and which bore "a surface resemblance to art in the Tennessee Williams manner." The "Harvard Crimson", in its review, called the play's dialogue "spotted with clichés" and observed that the plot echoed other dramatic works of the day.[http://www.thecrimson.com/article.aspx?ref=141269
After "Comes a Day" closed, Lamkin returned to Monroe, Louisiana, to live.

</doc>
<doc id="18644768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644768" title="Frankenstein (Prize Comics)">
Frankenstein (Prize Comics)

There have been many comic book adaptations of the Frankenstein monster story created by Mary Shelley in her 1818 novel "Frankenstein". Writer-artist Dick Briefer presented two loose adaptations of the story in the Prize Comics series "Prize Comics" and "Frankenstein" from 1940 to 1954. The first version represents what comics historians call American comic books' first ongoing horror feature.
Publication history.
Comics' first horror feature.
In "Prize Comics" #7 (cover-dated Dec. 1940), writer-artist Dick Briefer (using the pseudonym "Frank N. Stein" in the latter role) introduced the eight-page feature "New Adventures of Frankenstein", an updated version of 19th-century novelist Mary Shelley's much-adapted Frankenstein monster. Considered by comics historians including Don Markstein as "America's first ongoing comic book series to fall squarely within the horror genre", the feature, set in New York City circa 1930, starred a guttural, rampaging creature actually dubbed "Frankenstein" (unlike Shelley's nameless original monster).
In "Prize Comics" #11 (June 1941), Briefer dropped the "Frank N. Stein" pen name of the previous three stories and introduced Denny "Bulldog" Dunsan as Frankenstein's ongoing antagonist. "Prize Comics" #24 (Oct. 1942) pitted the monster against Bulldog and publisher Prize Comics' superheroes the Black Owl, the Green Lama, and Dr. Frost; the non-superpowered teens Yank and Doodle ("America's Fighting Twins"); and the namesake characters from the humor feature "General and the Corporal". As with many comics characters of the time, the monster found himself in the European theater of World War II fighting Nazis.
Humor feature.
Briefer's better-known version of the Frankenstein monster, however, developed upon the monster's return from the war, in "Frankenstein" #1 (undated, 1945), appearing roughly concurrently with the eight-page story "Enter Frances Stein" in "Prize Comics" # 53 (June 1945), which followed "possibly the last 'first version' story of Frankenstein" in "Prize Comics" # 52 (April 1945)
Like many returning veterans, Frankenstein settled into small-town life, becoming a genial neighbor who "began having delightful adventures with Dracula, the Wolfman and other horrific creatures. The only two times he was featured on the "Prize Comics" cover (both in 1947), he was referred to as 'The Merry Monster'". Briefer, with his trademark "loose and smooth ink and brush skills" began telling stories that would "straddle some amorphous line between pure children's humor and adventure and an adult sensibility about the world".
Author Dan Nadel, who included Briefer in his book "Art Out of Time: Unknown Comics Visionaries 1900-1969" (Harry N. Abrams, 2006, ISBN 0-8109-5838-4, ISBN 978-0-8109-5838-8), described Briefer as
Briefer's humorous Frankenstein ran through "Prize Comics" #68 (March 1948), and his humorous "Frankenstein" ran through issue #17 (Feb. 1949). Three years later, Briefer (1915–1980) revived the series with his original, horrific Frankenstein from #18-33 (March 1952 - Nov. 1954).
Following the cancellation of "Frankenstein" during an era that put much pressure on horror comics and other violent comic books, leading to the creation of the Comics Code, Briefer left the comic industry for commercial advertising art.

</doc>
<doc id="18644773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644773" title="Tommy Crawshaw">
Tommy Crawshaw

Thomas Henry "Tommy" Crawshaw (27 December 1872 – 25 November 1960) was a professional footballer who played almost his entire League career with Sheffield Wednesday. Crawshaw was a centre half whose career lasted from 1894 to 1909 during which time he played a total of 492 games in all competitions, scoring 27 goals. Crawshaw has gone down in the annals of Sheffield Wednesday as one of the key figures in the early history of the club. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries he appeared in The Wednesday side which lifted the FA Cup on two occasions and won the Football League First Division title twice. He is the only Sheffield Wednesday player to win two FA Cup winners medals with the club. He appeared for the England national football team on ten occasions.
Playing career.
Tommy was born on in Sheffield and was brought up in the Park Hill area of the town along with his brothers Percy and George. Both of his brothers played football with Percy appearing nine times for Wednesday while George played for Worksop Town for many years. Tommy Crawshaw’s early football was played with local clubs Park Grange and Attercliffe, in 1893 he moved to play for Heywood Central in the newly formed Manchester Football League and his good form attracted the attention of Sheffield Wednesday. Crawshaw signed for Wednesday on 24 April 1894 as a replacement for the long serving Billy Betts.
Sheffield Wednesday.
Crawshaw made his Wednesday debut on 1 September 1894, the opening day of the 1894–95 season, in a 1–3 away defeat at Everton. He made an immediate impact in the side missing only two matches that season and was called up for the England side before the season was out. In the following campaign Crawshaw was part of the Wednesday side which won the FA Cup, he played in all six ties, scoring in the 3–1 semi-final replay victory over Bolton Wanderers. However he did make an uncharacteristic mistake in the final against Wolves when an error allowed David Black to equalise before Wednesday went on to win 2–1 through two Fred Spiksley goals.
The 1896 publication "Famous Footballers" described Crawshaw as “A thorough worker always …he plays a good game from first to last and is unselfish to a degree. A good tackler he uses his head cleverly as well.” In the 1899–1900 season Crawshaw led Wednesday to promotion from the Second Division in their first season at their new home at Owlerton. Back in the top flight of English football Crawshaw formed an imposing line of defence with Bob Ferrier and Harry Ruddlesdin.
Crawshaw made his England international debut on 9 March 1895 in a 9–0 win over Ireland at the County Ground, Derby. Crawshaw’s international career spanned nine years in which time he only made 10 appearances, all these were in the British Home Championship. His England career included a four year absence from the team between March 1897 and March 1901, although only 10 matches were played in this time. He marked his return to the England team by scoring one of the goals in a 3–0 victory over Ireland on 9 March 1901. This one match return was followed by a three year break out of the team before returning to play two matches in 1904 with his final appearance being against Ireland in Belfast on 12 March 1904.
When Wednesday lifted back to back First Division championships in 1902–03 and 1903–04 Crawshaw only missed three League matches over the two seasons as captain of the side. By 1905 Crawshaw was 32 years old, however he was still an automatic choice for Wednesday, playing in 71 consecutive matches between March 1905 and December 1906. In 1906–07 he played in all eight FA Cup matches as Wednesday won the cup again, beating Everton 2–1. The cup winning season was his last as a regular member of the side although he did play in 14 League matches in 1907–08 with his final game for the club being on 7 March 1908 in the Steel City derby with Wednesday triumphing 2–0 over United. In April 1908, the 35 year old Crawshaw was granted a free transfer by Wednesday in recognition of his sterling service for the club.
Latter career.
Several clubs were interested in signing Crawshaw, he eventually opted for Chesterfield, playing 25 League matches in 1908–09 as the team struggled in Division Two and failed to be re-elected at the end of the season. In January 1910 he joined non-League Castleford F.C. for a short time before taking a job as Secretary of Glossop until the outbreak of World War I. After the war he opened a newsagents in Bramall Lane, Sheffield. In the 1920s he became the landlord of the "Sportsmans Group" public house in Owlerton, near to the Wednesday ground. He later took a pub in the centre of Sheffield, running "The Yorkshireman" on Burgess Street for many years. Crawshaw died on 25 November 1960, aged 87.

</doc>
<doc id="18644806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644806" title="Ride on Tears">
Ride on Tears

"Ride on Tears" is a single by the Finnish gothic metal band Charon from their album Songs for the Sinners.

</doc>
<doc id="18644816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644816" title="Thera variata">
Thera variata

The Spruce Carpet "(Thera variata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found throughout Europe, North Asia and Japan. The Common name Spruce Carpet is also used when referring to Thera britannica.
The length of the forewings is 13–17 mm. The moth flies in two generations from mid April to mid October .
The larva feed on spruce and other Pinophyta.

</doc>
<doc id="18644828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644828" title="Derek Llambias">
Derek Llambias

Derek Llambias is an English businessman and long-term associate and friend of both Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley and Newcastle United manager Alan Pardew. 
Up until his resignation on 19 June 2013, Llambias was the managing director of Newcastle United. 
His career in the entertainment, bread and leisure industry stretches back more than 31 years, most recently as managing director of the exclusive Fifty Club in London.
During his time with Newcastle, Llambias, at times, did not make himself popular with the Toon Army faithful, launching a series of scathing attacks on various aspects of the club, including past players and managers as well as fans. His latest attacks fell upon ex-Newcastle striker Andy Carroll; former No.9 hero, manager, fans favourite and club legend Alan Shearer, and former manager Kevin Keegan whom many fans still hold in high regard. This has led to further unrest despite the excellent start made by the club in the 2011-12 Premier League season.
Llambias resigns as Newcastle United MD 19 June 2013 due to the appointment of Joe Kinnear as Director of Football.
References.
http://www.chroniclelive.co.uk/sport/football/football-news/alan-pardew-im-staying-lead-4569443

</doc>
<doc id="18644834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644834" title="Ammaiyappanallor">
Ammaiyappanallor

Ammaiyappanallor is a village in Kancheepuram District, Tamil Nadu, India near Uthiramerur. The population was 842 at the 2001 Indian census.
It is called in the name of Parvathi (Ammai) and Siva (appan) Nallor (good village).
It is a small village having around 240 families . The village is surrounded by lakes.
The main activity is agriculture.
Hindu and Christian religious peoples are living together.
This Parish was a sub station of Manampathi Kandigai. It was bifurcated in the year 1999 and blessed by Most Rev. Dr. Aruldass James the Archbishop of Madras-Mylapore. Parish Annual Feast is celebrated on 24 May.
Information Added By Mr M.Kennady

</doc>
<doc id="18644839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644839" title="Nabokov's Quartet">
Nabokov's Quartet

Nabokov's Quartet is a collection of four of Vladimir Nabokov's short stories. The collection was first published by Phaedra, New York in 1966. It contains the following short stories:
The latter two were reprinted in 1968 in "Nabokov's Congeries", and "Lik" and "The Vane Sisters" are included in "Tyrants Destroyed and Other Stories" (1975). All four stories were published again posthumously within "The Stories of Vladimir Nabokov".

</doc>
<doc id="18644840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644840" title="A4069 road">
A4069 road

The A4069 is an A road which connects Llandovery with Gwaun-Cae-Gurwen in Wales, UK.
The route begins at the junction with the A474 at the north of Gwaun-Cae-Gurwen, and travels through Lower Brynamman and Brynamman. The route then crosses over the Black Mountain range of the Brecon Beacons and emerges near Felindre near Llangadog. It crosses through Llangadog and then continues northeast until the junction with the A40 at Llandovery. It reaches a height of 493 m (1,617 ft) above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="18644858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644858" title="Colder (song)">
Colder (song)

"Colder" is a single by the Finnish gothic metal band Charon from their album Songs for the Sinners. The single includes a music video for "Colder". 

</doc>
<doc id="18644914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644914" title="Daniel Holmes">
Daniel Holmes

Daniel Turner Holmes (1863, Irvine, North Ayrshire – 7 April 1955, Bournemouth) was Liberal member of the British House of Commons from 1911 to 1918 for Govan.
Daniel Turner Holmes was educated at the University of London, the University of Geneva and the University of Paris. He was an assistant examiner at the University of London, taught at Greenock Academy and Paisley Grammar School, and wrote and lectured on literature before becoming an MP.
He married Margaret Eadie (died 1953) in 1896. Their daughter Margaret married William Wedgewood Benn in 1920, and the parliamentary connection continued in the following generation with Tony Benn.

</doc>
<doc id="18644922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644922" title="Fair Play, South Carolina">
Fair Play, South Carolina

Fair Play is a census-designated place located in Oconee County in the U.S. state of South Carolina. A small portion of the CDP extends into Anderson County. As of the 2010 census, the population of Fair Play was 687.
Geography.
Fair Play is located in the southern corner of Oconee County, which occupies the northwestern corner of South Carolina. The CDP extends from the town center south to Lake Hartwell, a large reservoir on the South Carolina–Georgia line. Interstate 85 passes through the CDP, with access via exits 2 and 4. Greenville, South Carolina, is to the northeast, and Atlanta, Georgia, is to the southwest.

</doc>
<doc id="18644927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644927" title="Fadrozole">
Fadrozole

Fadrozole (INN, marketed as Afema by Novartis) is an aromatase inhibitor that has been introduced in Japan for the treatment of breast cancer.
It is selective.

</doc>
<doc id="18644929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644929" title="Thera firmata">
Thera firmata

The Pine Carpet ("Thera firmata") is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found throughout Europe, Anatolia and countries bordering the Caucasus Mountains.
The length of the forewings is 13–16 mm. The moth flies in two generations from August to mid October .
The larva feed on pine.

</doc>
<doc id="18644981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644981" title="List of Indigenous peoples of South America">
List of Indigenous peoples of South America

The following is a list of indigenous peoples of South America. These include the peoples living in South American in the precolumbian era and the historical and contemporary descendents of those peoples.
Circum-Caribbean.
The Circum-Caribbean cultural area was defined by anthropologist Julian Steward, who edited the "Handbook of South American Indians." It spans indigenous peoples in the Caribbean, Central American, and northern South America, the latter of which is listed here.
Colombia and Venezuela.
The Colombia and Venezuela culture area includes most of Colombia and Venezuela. Southern Colombia is in the Andean culture area, as are some peoples of central and northeastern Colombia, who are surrounded by peoples of the Colombia and Venezuela culture. Eastern Venezuela is in the Guianas culture area, and southeastern Colombia and southwestern Venezuela are in the Amazonia culture area.
Guianas.
This region includes northern parts Colombia, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, Venezuela, and parts of the Amazonas, Amapá, Pará, and Roraima States in Brazil.
Eastern Brazil.
This region includes parts of the Ceará, Goiás, Espírito Santo, Mato Grosso, Mato Grosso do Sul, Pará, and Santa Catarina states of Brazil
Amazon.
Northwestern Amazon.
This region includes Amazonas in Brazil; the Amazonas and Putumayo Departments in Colombia; Cotopaxi, Los Rios, Morona-Santiago, Napo, and Pastaza Provinces and the Oriente Region in Ecuador; and the Loreto Region in Peru.
Eastern Amazon.
This region includes Amazonas, Maranhão, and parts of Pará States in Brazil.
Southern Amazon.
This region includes southern Brazil (Mato Grosso, Mato Grosso do Sul, parts of Pará, and Rondônia) and Eastern Bolivia (Beni Department).
Southwestern Amazon.
This region includes the Cuzco, Huánuco Junín, Loreto, Madre de Dios, and Ucayali Regions of eastern Peru, parts of Acre, Amazonas, and Rondônia, Brazil, and parts of the La Paz and Beni Departments of Bolivia.

</doc>
<doc id="18644989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644989" title="The Current (NSU)">
The Current (NSU)

The Current is the official newspaper of Nova Southeastern University, founded in 1989 as The Knight. The newspaper has been independent of Nova Southeastern University since its founding, and is run by students. However, several prominent publishers, journalists, faculty, and staff members act as advisers and assist in syndicating stories across larger mediums. The newspaper is published weekly during the semester on Tuesdays. In 2004, "The Current" launched a new, full service website.

</doc>
<doc id="18644991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644991" title="Sharon van Essen">
Sharon van Essen

Sharon van Essen (born 3 March 1981) is a former Dutch cyclist from Utrecht, the Netherlands. She turned professional in 2000 with the Farm Frites-Hartol team.

</doc>
<doc id="18644993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644993" title="Bopindolol">
Bopindolol

Bopindolol (INN) is a beta blocker. It is an ester which acts as a prodrug for pindolol.

</doc>
<doc id="18644997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18644997" title="Stegania trimaculata">
Stegania trimaculata

The Dorset Cream Wave "(Stegania trimaculata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found throughout Europe, mainly in Southern Europe, but the moths range has expanded in recent years.
The wingspan is 26–28 mm. The length of the forewings is 10–13 mm. The moth flies in two generations from May to September .
The larva feed on various species of poplar.

</doc>
<doc id="18645005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645005" title="Steve Tappin">
Steve Tappin

Steve Tappin (born Harrogate ) is a CEO confidant for the leaders of some of the world's leading companies, the CEO of Xinfu, the host of the BBC CEO Guru, author of "The Secrets of CEOs" and one of the founders of World of CEOs, the place to learn about, connect with and become a better CEO.
Current focus.
Tappin is a CEO coach and a personal confidant for the CEOs of many of the most successful and fastest growing companies in the world. He is actively involved in many of the top performing global businesses such as Virgin, Deloitte, Easyjet, RSA, Renren, and Bain Capital. He presents the BBC Series "CEO Guru" where he regularly interviews some of the top global CEOs.
He is also working with CEOs from some of the leading Western and Chinese companies applying "The Secrets of CEOs". 
BBC CEO Guru.
Tappin is the host of the BBC Series, CEO Guru which is broadcast internationally on BBC World. It features indepth interviews with Steve and World leading CEOs. The series so far has featured. Jeff Immelt - GE, Paul Walsh - Diageo, Liu Chuanzhi - Lenovo, Sir Martin Sorrell - WPP, John Donahoe - eBay, Walter Robb - Whole Foods, Harriet Green - Thomas Cook, Liu Dongsheng - TCL and Stefano Pessini - Boots.
It consists of several short films, plus associated web articles for BBC World News TV, BBC.COM and BBC News online. These networks reach an audience of 100s of millions across the globe, the third series of CEO Guru is planning to be on air the first quarter of 2014. 
LinkedIn Global Influencer.
Tappin is one of the top 200 global LinkedIn influencers alongside Richard Branson, Barack Obama, Jack Welch, David Cameron, Jeff Immelt, Ban Ki Moon and Sir Martin Sorrell, Bill Gates and Ariana Huffington. 
His posts have attracted over 1.5 million views in the last 4 months. The focus for his posts have been about best practice for CEOs, leadership and global business insight with a focus on China. He also provides commentaries on specific CEOs and company situations. 
China and "Dreams to Last".
Tappin is the first westerner expert to gain access to over 100 of China's leaders and has captured his experience in a book "Dream to Last", which has been published by Beijing University Press and China Entrepreneur Club. 
He regularly shuttles between the West and China every 6 weeks. He is a trusted confidant of many of China's domestic entrepreneurs and multi-national companies. 
He was the first Westerner to be given access to the Chinese CEOs in the China Entrepreneur Club (CEC) who's members represent 4% of China's GDP and include: Founder of Lenovo - Liu Chuanzhi, founder of Wanda - Wang Jianlin, founder of Alibaba Group - Jack Ma, founder of Fosun - Guo Guangchang and founder of Geely - Li Shufu. 
Tappin has written an international best selling "The Secrets of CEOS" book (Amazon.co.uk no.1 ranking Business book on day of launch} with Andy Cave, a journalist with "The Daily Telegraph". The book was launched on 10 September 2008 in the UK and is a best seller reprinted around the world. The book is based on interviews with 150 global CEOs including John Browne, Baron Browne of Madingley, Ben Verwaayen, Michael Dell, Narayana Murthy, Liu Jiren, Sir Martin Sorrell and Caterina Fake. Richard Branson has written the foreword.
Early career.
Tappin began his career with the chemical giant ICI. After he left, Tappin was mentored by Sir John Harvey-Jones. Some of the problems he encountered as part a large global company convinced him that there must be a better way to lead global companies and that the start point for that must be the CEO. He has been on quest to develop global best CEO and leadership practice for over 25 years. He is a successful CEO of 4 companies himself which included edengene, a growth and corporate venturing consulting firm. Under Tappin's leadership, edengene won "Best Small Firm" and the "Gold Medal award for client work" from the Management Consultancies Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18645007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645007" title="White Rock, South Carolina">
White Rock, South Carolina

White Rock is an unincorporated community in northwestern Richland County, South Carolina, United States, a few miles north of Lake Murray. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP Code of 29177. The population of the ZCTA for ZIP Code 29177 was 463 at the 2000 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18645012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645012" title="Tomasz Bzdęga">
Tomasz Bzdęga

Tomasz Bzdęga (born March 18, 1985 in Gostyń) is a Polish footballer who plays for Polish side Stomil Olsztyn on loan from Piast Gliwice.
Club career.
In February 2011, he signed one-year contract with KSZO Ostrowiec.
In June 2011, he joined Piast Gliwice.

</doc>
<doc id="18645021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645021" title="DRB Class 03.10">
DRB Class 03.10

The German Class 03.10 ("Baureihe 03.10" or "BR 03.10") engines were standard steam locomotives ("Einheitsdampflokomotiven") belonging to the Deutsche Reichsbahn and designed for hauling express trains.
History.
The DRG's Class 03.10 engines were an evolutionary development from the Class 03 locomotives, comparable to those of Class 01.10 which had evolved from Class 01. The first 03.10 was built in 1939 and 140 units were to be manufactured. As a result of the Second World War and the switching of production to 'war essential' goods, only 60 vehicles were completed. Originally supplied with the 2'2 T38St standard tenders, the 03.10 could later be encountered coupled to 2'2'T34 tenders. The locomotives were mainly produced by the firms of Borsig, Krupp and Krauss-Maffei, and were fully enclosed by streamlining plates. The vehicles were given the operating numbers 03 1001 – 1022, 03 1043–1060 and 03 1073 – 1092.<br>After the war, 47 locomotives remained in Germany; 26 were taken over by the Deutsche Bundesbahn and 21 by the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany. Ten other locomotives ended up with the Polish State Railways (PKP) as the Pm3. Two engines (03 1091 and 1092) had to be retired as early as 1944 due to war damage. The fate of 03 1002 is unknown. Because the top speed on main lines had to be reduced due to route damage, the streamlined shells became uneconomical, not least because they made maintenance more difficult, and they were removed from all the engines except the DR's 03 1087. Almost all the DR and DB locomotives were rebuilt. Only 03 1047, 1097 and 1086 (DR) had been retired before the reconstruction programme.
The East German DR "Rekoloks".
The condition of the boilers became worse and worse due to the use of non-aging "St47K" steel (on 10 October 1958 the boiler of locomotive 03 1046 exploded as a result of aging). So the Deutsche Reichsbahn had to replace them with newly designed boilers. In addition, several other components were overhauled in order to make the engines more economical. Thus the term "Rekolok" ('reconstructed locomotive') is entirely accurate. A total of 16 engines were rebuilt in 1959. In 1952, 03 1087 was converted to the "Wendler" brown coal dust firing system. Because this type of firing was unsuccessful for passenger train services, it was re-converted in 1959. From 1965 all the "Rekoloks" were converted to oil-firing (with the exception of 03 1057 and 1087). Until their retirement at the end of the 1970s the three-cylinder express train engines, which covered up to 22,000 km per month, were the spearhead of the DR's high-value express train services. Number 03 1010 is a museum locomotive with the DB AG, stationed in Halle and frequently used in heritage services. It was re-converted to coal-firing. The non-operational, oil-fired 03 1090 is also preserved and is housed in the former locomotive depot ("Bahnbetriebswerk" or "Bw") at Schwerin.
The DB Rebuilds.
In 1949 and 1950, the 26 Class 03.10 locomotives remaining with the Deutsche Bundesbahn were refurbished by Henschel in Kassel. The streamlined shells on all the locomotives were removed, mainly due to their poor condition. Externally, these engines can still be distinguished from the Class 03 by their still-recognisable steam dome, their cut-down smokebox door, the flat "Erhebung" of the superheater regulator, the air reservoirs, the missing front skirt, and the shape of the driver's cab and tender.
The locomotives were stationed in Dortmund, Ludwigshafen and Offenburg after their refurbishment. The three engines stabled at the locomotive depot or "Bw" Dortmund, numbers 03 1014, 03 1022 and 03 1043, were given a special steel blue livery in June 1950 for their boilers, cabs, and cylinder blocks. The smokebox and chimney remained painted black.
In 1952, the feedwater preheater was moved back to the area of the chimney on most of the locomotives and a circular smokebox door fitted.
At the general inspection in 1954, 03 1014, 03 1022 and 03 1043 lost their steel blue livery again.
Because major signs of aging appeared on the boilers, the firm of Krupp was given the task of replacing them with welded boilers which had a combustion chamber. In addition the locomotives were given newly designed tenders with covers and supply equipment. Both were installed in the repair shop ("Ausbesserungswerk" or "AW") in Brunswick between 1957 and 1961. In autumn 1958, all 26 engines were rehomed to "Bw" Hagen-Eckesey, after some had previously been based in Hamburg-Altona and Paderborn. These were numbers 03 1001, 1004, 1008, 1009, 1011–1014, 1016, 1017, 1021, 1022, 1043, 1045, 1049–1051, 1054–1056, 1060, 1073, 1076, 1081, 1082 and 1084. Between November 1965 and September 1966, all Class 03.10 locomotives were withdrawn, retired and scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="18645037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645037" title="Spargania luctuata">
Spargania luctuata

The White-banded Carpet "(Spargania luctuata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found throughout Northern and Middle Europe, North Asia and North America.
The wingspan is 30–34 mm. The length of the forewings is 14–15 mm. The moth flies in two generations from the end of April to September .
The caterpillar feed on various species of Rosebay willowherb.

</doc>
<doc id="18645045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645045" title="K. A. Soman">
K. A. Soman

K. A. Soman (born in 1953), also known as Somji, is an artist from Kerala, India. Soman has been drawing and painting since childhood, and chose to be self-taught to avoid being overly influenced by a teacher or master. His medium has been oil painting since 1971. He participated in group exhibitions as a student in Maharaja's College, Ernakulam and Law College,Ernakulam and has to his credit several awards and recognitions.
After a career in Government service which he left as Deputy Commissioner, he has now turned to painting full-time and has held several successful solo exhibitions.
Early life.
Soman was born to teacher parents on 5 June 1953 in Ochanthuruth, an island village in Kochi, Kerala, as their fourth son. His father, Sri M.K. Aiyappan, and mother Smt N. Kamalakshi, although belonging to affluent families, had to economise due to the war-torn Indian economy. Soman and his siblings have all had successful professional careers. Soman was very much into the world of creativity from his early childhood. He chose to be self-taught in the field of art in order to remain uninfluenced by any master.
Soman attended S.S.S. Sabha School, Ochanthuruth and St. Alberts High School, Ernakulam, which was one of the few English medium schools in the area at that time. He next attended the Sainik School, Kazhakoottam, where he had the creative guidance of art teacher Sri Bhaskar Rao. The basic concept of light and shade was imparted by his eldest brother, Sugathan.
Soman graduated from Maharajas College, Ernakulam, with a degree in zoology. He was part of the student movement and the art and culture scene of the college. He played an active role in the cultural activities of the college such as music and fine arts exhibitions, and won prizes. He did many drawings and paintings, and began painting on canvas in 1971. He was a regular participant in group painting exhibitions in Kerala.
After graduation, he joined the Law College, Ernakulam, where he was involved in the student and trade union movements. He was on the State Committee of the All India Students Federation for three consecutive years. He represented the law college at university festivals and several inter-collegiate painting competitions and won prizes including the Kerala University Youth Festival Prize, Stallions International Award, Kerala Students Union Award, and others. He has been a regular participant in Group Exhibitions organized by Lalitha Kala Akademi since 1974, and has won an Academy Award for his work "The Revolution".
His earlier creations include the pieces "Defloration", "The Ruin of Hitler", "The Revolution", "S.G. Bila, the Comet", and "Schizophrenic Blue Man".
Major art series.
Untitled (1982–1986).
The artist gives vent to subdued human emotions using different patterns of application using strokes and splashes of monochromatic brown shades of raw umber.
My Fever Thoughts (2000).
The plight of humans caught in the grip of suffering and disease are given expression in a figurative yellow tone.
Tsunami Series (January 2005).
The killer waves triggered by the 2004 tsunami dealt untold miseries to nature and its flora and fauna. Somji gave figurative expression to a few episodes charcoal charcoal on handmade paper.
Summer Rains Series (2008).
Somji's solo exhibition at Durbar Hall Art Gallery, Ernakulam in April and May 2008 had its main theme titled "Summer Rains". It was dedicated to the memory of Jackson Pollock, the master of action painting. The show was a great success.
Unscripted Dreams Series (2008).
The artist uses the concept of unscripted dreams to give expression to the intricacies of human relations and subtle feelings.
Celebrity Syndrome Series (2008).
Celebrities are not born; they are the products of human incarnation. Essentially,they are just like any other human being. Somji explores this theme in a style of Abstract expressionism. 
"Celebrity Syndrome" was the subject of a solo exhibition at Kerala Lalithakala Akademi Art Gallery, Kozhikode in June 2008.
Extinction...and Beyond...Series (2008).
Somji's series "Extinction...and Beyond..." is a visual depiction of his deep concern over the ever deteriorating ecosystem and environment, ranging from global warming to the extinction of flora and fauna. The work was featured at his solo exhibition at Karnataka Chitrakala Parishat Art Centre, Bangalore in October 2008.
"Our Concerns over Time and Space"- 2009).
This series premiered at the artist's solo exhibition held at Regional Lalitkala Akademi Art Gallery,Chennai in April 2009. 
Solo exhibitions with the same title were on display in August 2009 at Kerala Lalitha kala Akademi Art Gallery, Durbar Hall Art Centre, Cochin; at Kerala Lalithakala Akademi Art Gallery, Thrissur, in December 2009; at Vyloppilly Samskrithi Bhavan Art Gallery, Thiruvananthapuram, in April 2010; at Jehangir Art Gallery, Mumbai in Sept. 2010; at Kala Academy Art Gallery, Panaji, Goa in Jan 2011 and at Karnataka Chitrakala Parishath, in Oct 2013.
Specialities.
The works explore human feelings and emotions in a subtle way, retaining the imagery of the sensuous world around us. They have been executed in a variety of styles, with unique strokes and splashes of colour in a unique style.
Experimentation with every aspect of oil painting has been Somji's zest throughout his career. His style has transitioned from realism to abstract expressionism through surrealism, impressionism, cubism and expressionism.
Controversies.
His works evoked controversy as early as 1977 when he painted "S.G. Bila, the Comet". Many of his works from the recent "Celebrity Syndrome" Series have become controversial for their candid exposition of the myths behind high profile celebrities.
Somji's award winning works titled "The Ruin Of Hitler" (1974) and "The Revolution" (1975) have been the subjects of heated debates.
Major awards.
•ArtSlant World wide Award 2012 in Abstract Category for the painting ‘OUR CONCERNS OVER TIME AND SPACE – No.31’

</doc>
<doc id="18645054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645054" title="Canada at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Canada at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Canada sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. 143 Canadian athletes competed in 17 sports. Canada also sent several officials to the games, including Tara Grieve in boccia and Andrew Smith in rowing. Canada finished seventh on the medal table at the Beijing games after finishing third on the medal table at the 2004 Summer Paralympics (behind China and Great Britain). Swimmer Donovan Tildesley, a world record-holder and medalist at the 2000 and 2004 Paralympics, was the country's flag bearer at the opening ceremony. The delegation is headed by Chef de Mission Debbie Low.
Chantal Petitclerc ties the 5 gold medal record at a single Games for a Canadian, repeating the feat she performed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics, and tying Stephanie Dixon, who set the record at the 2000 Summer Paralympics.
Athletics.
Among the Canadians participating in track and field athletics will be Jeff Adams, André Beaudoin, Jason Dunkerley, Tracey Ferguson, and Chantal Petitclerc. Ferguson is also a member of the women's wheelchair basketball team.
Boccia.
Several Canadian boccia players will compete at the Beijing games, including Tammy McLeod and Paul Gauthier.
Goalball.
Canada sent both women's and men's goalball teams to Beijing.
Rowing.
Canada will send several athletes to compete in the newly added Paralympic sport of rowing.
Including Scott Rand (rower).
Swimming.
Twenty-one swimmers will be on the Canadian team, including Joe Barker, Drew Christensen, Andrea Cole, Kirby Côté, Stephanie Dixon, Valérie Grand'Maison, Benoît Huot, Darda Sales, and Donovan Tildesley.
Wheelchair basketball.
The Canadian men's and women's wheelchair basketball teams will compete at the games. Both teams are currently world champions in the sport. On the women's roster is Tracey Ferguson, also competing in athletics, and Lisa Franks. The men's team includes Patrick Anderson.
Wheelchair rugby.
Canada will send a wheelchair rugby team to Beijing. Included on the team roster is David Willsie of London, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="18645069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645069" title="HMS Lion (1709)">
HMS Lion (1709)

HMS "Lion" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Chatham Dockyard to the 1706 Establishment and launched on 20 January 1709.
On 9 December 1735 orders were issued for "Lion" to be dismantled and rebuilt according to the 1733 proposals of the 1719 Establishment at Deptford, from where she was relaunched on 25 April 1738. She continued in service until 1765, when she was sold out of the navy.

</doc>
<doc id="18645076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645076" title="Dawid Florian">
Dawid Florian

Dawid Florian (born December 26, 1982 in Jaworzno) is a Polish professional footballer who plays for Polish second-tier side Znicz Pruszków.

</doc>
<doc id="18645101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645101" title="Feodor Vassilyev">
Feodor Vassilyev

Feodor Vassilyev () (c. 1707-1782) was a peasant from Shuya, Russia. His first wife, Mrs. Vassilyeva sets the record for most children birthed by a single woman. She gave birth to a total of 69 children; however, few other details are known of her life, such as her date of birth or death. She gave birth to 16 pairs of twins, 7 sets of triplets and 4 sets of quadruplets between 1725 and 1765, in a total of 69 births. 67 of her children were reported to survive infancy. Vassilyev also had 18 children with his second wife, who had 6 pairs of twins and 2 sets of triplets, making him a father of 87 children in total. Of his 87 children, at least 82 are said to have survived infancy.
The first published account about Feodor Vassilyev's children appeared in a 1783 issue of "The Gentleman's Magazine" (Vol. 53 p. 753, London, 1783) and states that the information "however astonishing, may be depended upon, as it came directly from an English merchant in St Petersburg to his relatives in England, who added that the peasant was to be introduced to the Empress". The same numbers were given in an 1834 book of Bashutskiy, "Saint Petersburg Panorama".
Several published sources raised doubts as to the veracity of these claims. According to a 1933 article by Julia Bell in "Biometrika", a 1790 book of B. F. J. Hermann "Statistische Schilderung von Rußland" did provide the claims about Feodor Vassilyev's children but "with a caution". Bell also notes that the case was reported by "The Lancet" in an 1878 article about the study of twins. The "Lancet" article states that the French Academy of Sciences attempted to verify the claims about Vassilyev's children and contacted "M. Khanikoff of the Imperial Academy of St Petersburg for advice as to the means they should pursue, but were told by him that all investigation was superfluous, that members of the family still lived in Moscow and that they had been the object of favours from the Government". Bell concludes that Vassilyev's case "must be regarded as under suspicion". Similarly, Marie Clay in a 1998 book notes: "Sadly, this evasion of proper investigation seems, in retrospect, to have dealt a terminal blow to our chances of ever establishing the true detail of this extraordinary case". 
The data about Feodor Vassilyev's children is included in the Guinness Book of World Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18645104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645104" title="Reality (G.G.F.H. EP)">
Reality (G.G.F.H. EP)

This is the only EP released by G.G.F.H.. It was released just under a year after the album, Eclipse, and was the last release to feature the murkier, industrial sound.
Dimmu Borgir did a Cover version of "Dead Men Don't Rape" on the various editions of their album Abrahadabra. 

</doc>
<doc id="18645105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645105" title="Carmen Alborch">
Carmen Alborch

Carmen Alborch Bataller (Castelló de Rugat, Valencia, Spain, 31 October 1947) is a Spanish politician, actress, writer and former Minister of Culture. 
Alborch gained a doctorate in law with particular specialty in mercantile law. She directed the Valencia Institute of Modern Art (IVAM) between 1988 and 1993. She became politically active with the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) in 1992 and served as Minister of Culture from 1993 to 1996 in the last government of Felipe González. She was the recipient of the Gran Cruz de Carlos III and the Progressive Women's Award. 
In 1996, Alborch was elected to the Congress of Deputies, representing Valencia. She chaired the Committee of Control of RTVE (the state radio and TV corporation) from 1996 until January 2000, and the Commission on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities from May 2004 to January 2008 in the Congress. She has authored books including "Solas" ("Women Alone") and "Malas" ("Bad Women").
In addition to numerous television appearances as a politician, Alborch also played minor roles in the Spanish television series El círculo a primera hora, El primer café, and Los desayunos de TVE.
In May 2007, she stood as the PSOE candidate for Mayor of Valencia but lost to the incumbent People's Party Mayor Rita Barberá. She retired from the lower chamber at the 2008 general election in order to be elected to the Spanish Senate, once again representing Valencia.

</doc>
<doc id="18645113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645113" title="Siona lineata">
Siona lineata

The Black-veined Moth "(Siona lineata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found throughout Europe.
The wingspan is 35–40 mm. The moth flies in one generation from the beginning of May to the end of June .
The caterpillar feed on various herbs, such as marjoram.

</doc>
<doc id="18645124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645124" title="Adrian Paluchowski">
Adrian Paluchowski

Adrian Paluchowski (born August 19, 1987 in Warsaw) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Znicz Pruszków.
Career.
Club.
In March 2008 he went on loan to Znicz Pruszków in the Polish second division. He returned to Legia in January 2009. In January 2010, he was loaned to on one year deal. He returned to Legia half year later and was sold to Górnik Łęczna.

</doc>
<doc id="18645137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645137" title="Australia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Australia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Australia sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. The country sent 167 (95 male and 72 female) athletes in 13 sports (out of 20) and 122 officials. It was the country's largest ever Paralympic delegation to an away Games. The delegation's chef de mission was Darren Peters.
Australia won 23 gold, 29 silver and 27 bronze medals. It finished fourth on the total medal tally and fifth on the gold medal tally.
Major sporting achievements for the Australian team included:
Events.
Athletics.
Representing Australia in athletics: 
Men - Zac Ashkanasy (Guide runner), Jonathan Bernard, Damien Bowen, Matthew Cameron, Aaron Chatman, Richard Colman, Roy Daniell, Rodney Farr, Kurt Fearnley, Dennis Fitzgerald (Guide runner), Heath Francis, Gerrard Gosens, Courtney Harbeck, Greg Hibberd, Bruce Jones (Guide runner), Hamish MacDonald, Wade McMahon, Christopher Mullins, Richard Nicholson, Evan O'Hanlon, Paul Pearce (Guide runner), Paul Raison, Michael Roeger, Brad Scott, Russell Short, Ian Speed, Tim Sullivan, Christopher Tagg (Guide runner), Darren Thrupp, Julien Wicks (Guide runner), Stephen Wilson 
Women - Angela Ballard, Carlee Beattie, Jennifer Bryce, Gemma Buchholz, Kelly Cartwright, Christie Dawes, Madison de Rozario, Louise Ellery, Amanda Fraser, Courtney Harbeck, Madeleine Hogan, Kirrilee McPherson, Lisa McIntosh, Brydee Moore, Jemima Moore, Kathryn Parrish, Kath Proudfoot, Tahlia Rotumah, Charlotte Saville, Julie Smith, Noni Thompson, Jodi Willis-Roberts, and Christine Wolf 
Coaches - Scott Goodman (Head Coach), Alison O'Riordan, Andrew Dawes, Brett Jones, John Minns, John Eden, Alan Makin, Louise Sauvage, Cathy Raha-Lambert Officials - Gary Lees (Section Manager), Louise Mogg (Section Manager),Andrew Carter, Rowena Toppenberg, Sian Pugh, Mick Jordan, Phil Power, Steve Butler, Stephanie Martin, Jessica Gallagher
Jodi Willis-Roberts, Russell Short, and Darren Thrupp competed at their sixth Paralympics. Jessica Gallagher was selected in the team but was classified ineligible to compete. She attended the Games as a member of staff.
Australia won 10 gold, 9 silver and 7 bronze medals. Australian athletes set six world records, a further three Paralympic records and 16 Australian records during the Games. Heath Francis and Evan O'Hanlon won three gold medals.
Cycling.
Representing Australia in cycling: Men - Greg Ball, Ben Demery, Michael Gallagher, Steven George (Pilot), Shaun Hopkins (Pilot), Tyson Lawrence (Pilot), Bryce Lindores, Michael Milton, Kieran Modra, Christopher Scott Women - Jane Armstrong, Toireasa Gallagher (Pilot), Lindy Hou, Felicity Johnson, Melissa Leckie, Jayme Paris, Katie Parker (Pilot) Coaches - James Victor (Head Coach), Tom Skulander, Paul Martens Officials - Mark Fulcher (Section Manager), Brett Hidson, Anouska Edwards, Alan Downes, Mark Bullen, Stuart Smith, Murray Lydeamore.
Included on the Australian team was Michael Milton, a four-time gold medalist as a skier in the Winter Paralympics. Mark le Flohic, gold medalist at the 2000 and 2004 Summer Paralympics, was to take part in the Beijing Games but had to pull out due to injury. Le Flohic broke his collar bone during training one week before the Games were to begin.
Australia won 3 gold, 5 and 7 bronze medals.
Equestrian.
Representing Australia in equestrian: 
Women - Grace Bowman, Georgia Bruce, Sharon Jarvis, Nicole Kullen, Jan Pike Coaches - Mary Longden (Head Coach),David Bowman, Sally Francis Officials - Ken Dagley (Section Manager), Doug Denby, Nicola Reynoldson, Michelle Goodrick, Judy Fyfe, Margaret Keyes, Emma Bardot, Ebony Tucker, Terrina Fairbrother, Liz Wright-Smith, Chris Elliott, Carolyn Lieutenant.
Australia won 2 bronze medals through Georgia Bruce's performances. The competition was held in Hong Kong.
Powerlifting.
Representing Australia in powerlifting: 
Men - Darren Gardiner, Abebe Fekadu Women - Deahnne McIntyre Coaches - Ray Epstein (Head Coach), Bill Nancarrow
Australia won a silver medal with Darren Gardiner repeating his medal success from the Athens Games.
Rowing.
Representing Australia in rowing:
Single scull - Dominic Monypenny, Double scull - John Maclean, Kathryn Ross Coaches - Peter Albisser (Head Coach), Rik Bryan Officials - Adam Horner (Section Manager)
Rowing made its debut at the Beijing Games and Australia competed in two of the four events and won a silver medal in the double scull.
Sailing.
Representing Australia in sailing:
Teams - Russell Boaden, Colin Harrison, Graeme Martin - 3-person keelboat Sonar ; Daniel Fitzgibbon, Rachel Cox - 2-person keelboat SKUD 18 ; 2.4mR (single-handed) - Aaron Hill Coaches - Greg Omay (Head Coach), Adrian Finglas Officials - Sarina Macpherson (Section Manager), Linnea Korssell, Sue Crafer, Geoff Milligan, Timothy Lowe
Three of the team made their Paralympic debut. Australia won a silver and bronze medal.
Shooting.
Representing Australia in shooting: 
Men - Ashley Adams, Sebastian Hume, Jason Maroney Women - Libby Kosmala Coaches - Miro Sipek (Head Coach), Michelle Fletcher Officials - Nick Sullivan (Section Manager), Anne Bugden
Libby Kosmala competed at her tenth Paralympics. Australia did not win a medal. Australian shooters narrowly missed medals by finishing 4th twice.
Swimming.
Representing Australia in swimming. Men - Michael Anderson, Ben Austin, Daniel Bell, Sam Bramham, Blake Cochrane, Matthew Cowdrey, Jay Dohnt, Alex Hadley, Brenden Hall, Peter Leek, Matt Levy, Jeremy McClure, Ricardo Moffatti, Stephen Osborne, Andrew Pasterfield, Rick Pendleton, Jeremy Tidy Women - Sarah Bowen, Ellie Cole, Amanda Drennan, Jacqui Freney, Samantha Gandolfo, Marayke Jonkers, Katrina Lewis, Sian Lucas, Hannah MacDougall, Tarryn McGaw, Rhiannon Oliver, Esther Overton, Katrina Porter, Shelley Rogers, Sarah Rose, Teigan Van Roosmalen, Prue Watt, Annabelle Williams Coaches - Brendan Keogh (Head Coach), Graeme Carroll, Jackie Barck, Amanda Isaac, Jo Love, Rob Moon Officials - Melanie Jenkins (Section Manager), Mel Tantrum, Jon O'Neill-Shaw, Sandra Eccles, Claire Nichols, Brendan Burkett, Sacha Fulton, Penny Will, Vaughan Nicholson
There were eight men and eleven women making their Paralympic debut. Australia won 9 gold, 11 silver and 9 bronze medals placing it sixth on the swimming medal tally. It was Australia's most successful sport at the Games. Matthew Cowdrey (5 gold and 3 silver) and Peter Leek (3 gold, 4 silver and 1 bronze) were the standout swimmers.
Table Tennis.
Representing Australia in table tennis: Women - Rebecca Julian, Sarah Lazzaro Coach - Brian Berry (Head Coach) Official - Barbara Talbot (Section Manager) . Catherine Morrow was selected but withdrew from the team.
Australia did not win any medals.
Wheelchair Basketball.
Representing Australia in wheelchair basketball: Men - Dylan Alcott, Brendan Dowler, Justin Eveson, Michael Hartnett, Adrian King, Tristan Knowles, Grant Mizens, Brad Ness, Shaun Norris, Troy Sachs, Tige Simmons, Brett Stibners Coaches - Ben Ettridge (Head Coach), Craig Friday Officials - Kelvin Browner (section Manager), Ian Lowther Women - Clare Burzynski, Shelley Chaplin, Cobi Crispin, Melanie Domaschenz, Kylie Gauci, Melanie Hall, Katie Hill, Bridie Kean, Tina McKenzie, Kathleen O'Kelly-Kennedy, Sarah Stewart, Liesl Tesch Coaches - Gerry Hewson (Head Coach), Mark Hewish Officials - Sonia Healy (Section Manager), Emma Whiteside.
Australian men's team known as the 'Rollers' won the gold medal defeating Canada 72-60 in the final and the women's team known as the 'Gliders' won the bronze medal defeating Japan in the playoff.
Wheelchair Rugby.
Representing Australia in wheelchair rugby: 
Men - Bryce Alman, Ryley Batt, Grant Boxall, Shane Brand, Cameron Carr, Nazim Erdem, George Hucks, Steve Porter, Ryan Scott, Greg Smith, Scott Vitale Coach - Brad Dubberley (Head Coach) Officials - Kim Ellwood (Section Manager), Rob Doidge, Noni Shelton, Angela Mansell
Three of the team made their Paralympic debut and Steve Porter attended his fourth Games. The Australian team known as the 'Steelers' won the silver medal losing to the United States 53-44 in the final.
Wheelchair Tennis.
Representing Australia in wheelchair tennis: Men - Michael Dobbie, Ben Weekes Women - Daniela Di Toro Coach - Greg Crump (Head Coach) Officials - Geoff Quinlan (Section Manager)
Daniela Di Toro competed at her fourth Games. Australia did not win a medal as no athletes progressed past the first round.
Administration.
Athletes and coaches were supported by administrative and sports medicine and science staff.
Administrative staff - Darren Peters, Nick Dean, Paul Bird, Alison Keys, Jason Hellwig, Steve Loader, Michael Hartung, Natalie Jenkins, Caroline Walker, Chris Nunn, Jenni Cole, Tony Naar, Graham Cassidy, Margie McDonald, Jordan Baker, Karen Michelmore Sports medicine and science staff - Larissa Trease, Alison Campbell, Geoff Thompson, Ruben Branson, Sally Heads, John Camens, David Spurrier, Lily Chiu, Richard Bennett, Gary Slater, Jo Vaile
Media coverage.
In Australia, the Australian Broadcasting Corporation provided television coverage of the Games. The Australian Paralympic Committee reported that there was a 65 per cent increase in Australian media coverage of the Games compared to the 2004 Games. Australian athlete Gerrard Gosens commented on the television coverage "When I look back to 1996 and the coverage that was there, it was very minimal. Today when you're looking at over 100 hours of ABC television coverage, that really has brought inspiration not only to many Australians, but in particular people who do have a physical disability and looking at the opportunities, not necessarily the obstacles of sport."

</doc>
<doc id="18645139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645139" title="Lippo Village International Formula Circuit">
Lippo Village International Formula Circuit

The Lippo Village International Formula Circuit is a temporary street circuit in Lippo Village Tangerang, Indonesia. The track was confirmed to host a round of the 2008-09 A1 Grand Prix season, set for the weekend of February 8, 2009.
On August 29, 2008, further details regarding the track were announced. Designed by Hermann Tilke, the track would be made by modifying parts of the village near the Pelita Harapan University and includes the Supermal. It is located at the centre of Lippo Village's hub. Tilke attempted to keep disruption minimal to the village during the races with ensuring that track's maximum speed to be more than 308 km/h with the average speed of 176 km/h. Part of the Pelita Harapan University’s planned extensions would be utilized to double the pit lane capacity during the A1GP races. The track would be showcasing Lippo Village and the surrounding businesses.
However, the event removed from the 2008-09 A1 Grand Prix season's calendar because the local promoter and organisers, who are responsible to the project of track construction, have failed to meet the requisite completion deadlines and the track is not yet able to homologate by FIA before 6–8 February 2009. The track was used for some local racing events, but has since fell out of use. The pits and the track sign remained to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="18645148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645148" title="Denmark at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Denmark at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Denmark competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.
Athletics.
Games held in "Birds Nest" (Beijing National Stadium).
Cycling.
Were held on the Triathlon Venue at the Ming Tomb Reservoir in Shisanling, 50 kilometer North of Beijing
Equestrian.
Events at Hong Kong Olympic Equestrian Venue.
Goalball.
Was held in Beijing Institute of Technology Gymnasium. 
"no. 3 in Beijing 2008" 
"lost to Sweden in the Quarterfinal"
Rowing.
Was held at Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park just outside Beijing.
Sailing.
Launched from Qingdao International Sailing Centre in the Shandong Province.
Jens Als Andersen competed in the single-person keelboat (2.4mR) event in sailing.
Shooting.
Was held in the Beijing Shooting Range Hall.
SH1 (competitors with normal strength and function in arms and hands, but could be using a wheelchair)
SH2 (competitors with impaired strength and/or function in arms and hands. Shooting stand supports the firearm's weight) 
Swimming.
Events at Beijing National Aquatics Center (Water Cube).
Table tennis.
Events at Peking University Gymnasium.<br>
Table tennis team Class 6-8 lost 1/8 Final.
Wheelchair tennis.
Was held at the Olympic Green Tennis Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="18645167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645167" title="Finland at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Finland at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Finland competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. Athletes were selected by the Finnish Paralympic Committee on July 2, 2008.
Archery.
Men
Athletics.
Men
Women
Boccia.
Mixed
Cycling.
Men
Equestrian.
Mixed
Goalball.
Men
Judo.
Men
Powerlifting.
Men
Sailing.
Finland received one national entry to the 2008 Summer Paralympics sailing events:
Men
Shooting.
Men
Women
Swimming.
Men
Table tennis.
Men
Wheelchair tennis.
Men

</doc>
<doc id="18645178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645178" title="Runa Rizvi">
Runa Rizvi

Runa Rizvi is an Indian classical and Bollywood playback singer. She sings Sufi songs, folk, Bollywood movies etc.
Early life.
Runa Rizvi was born in Bombay to Indian singers Rajkumar Rizvi and Indrani Rizvi. She graduated from Mithibai College, Mumbai.
She belongs to the Kalavant gharana and has been trained in classical, semi-classical and light classical music and can sings Hindi film songs, ghazals, thumri, Folk, Punjabi and Sufi Music as well as Western and Pop music.
Career.
Runa Rizvi is inspired by Mehdi Hassan. She has sung most of the celebrated poets of the past and present times.
She had sung for the Rajshri film "Uff kya jaadu mohabbat hai" along with Kunal Ganjawala . She sang a song, "jaane tu" for movie Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na. In 2011, Runa had rendered playback for the film Provoked starring Aishwarya Rai.
She is also working with Prem Joshua and band for their new album Luminous Secrets.

</doc>
<doc id="18645196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645196" title="Leeds Society for Deaf and Blind People">
Leeds Society for Deaf and Blind People

Leeds Society for Deaf and Blind People is a charity based in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England that provides practical services to deaf, hard of hearing, deafblind, blind and partially sighted people in the region. The charity has existed since 1866 and is one of the only charities of its kind in the country to provide services to those with both a hearing and/or visual impairment.
Work.
The Society provides a broad range of services to those with a sensory impairment in the West Yorkshire region. These include a Sign Language Interpreting Service, equipment provision, social workers for profoundly deaf people, services for deafblind people, training courses and qualifications including a Taster Course, Levels 1–3 in British Sign Language, and Sensory Awareness.
The Society has worked in partnership with Leeds City Council since the 1950s, and currently acts as an arms-length service provider for a number of services. The Society also relies on voluntary donations and fundraising to deliver a number of services to the community. It fundraises through events including corporate golf days, sporting dinners and wine tasting evenings, although also relies heavily on the generosity of individuals and charitable trusts alike.
Leeds Society for Deaf and Blind People remains focused at all times on achieving better outcomes for vulnerable people and contributing to improving the wellbeing of all citizens of Leeds, by responding to need wherever possible and developing partnerships whenever they present themselves in every area of their work.
History.
In 1866, the Vicar of Leeds, Revd D. R. Atley, convened a public meeting to form Leeds United Institution for the Blind and the Deaf and Dumb (later renamed Leeds Incorporated Institution for the Blind and the Deaf and Dumb). A public appeal was launched in 1873 by the Mayor of Leeds, Mr H. R. Marsden, for funds for premises which led to the Albion Street premises being opened in 1876. The new building incorporated workshops for blind people, a service chapel for deaf people and areas for socialising. (Located at the site of corner of Albion Street (westside) and St Anne's Street (northside). This site has demolished in early 1970s, had been since undergo redevelopment, recently been converted of the present K2 building of luxury apartments.)
In 1917 the organisation became a registered charity and its Memorandum and Articles of Association were approved. In 1976, following the purchase of the former Leeds Public Dispensary, Centenary House was officially opened by H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh on 13 February.
More recently, in 1996 the name of the Society changed to Leeds Society for Deaf and Blind People. In 2004 Shire View Resource Centre for Visually Impaired People was welcomed under the banner of the Society. In 2008, Leeds Society for Deaf and Blind People took over the management of the city’s only braille and large print unit from Leeds City Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18645207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645207" title="Welcome to the Process/Too Much Punch">
Welcome to the Process/Too Much Punch

"Welcome to the Process"/"Too Much Punch" is the only single released by G.G.F.H.. It was released in 1994 as part of the Peaceville Records Collectors Club, and was the final single to be issued. It is a limited edition green vinyl single with no centre stickers contained within a green 7” sleeve with G.G.F.H. embossed on the front.
Tracklisting.
+ The second track on the ‘B’ side of the single is hidden behind a second groove and has to be manually discovered.

</doc>
<doc id="18645224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645224" title="Genie Award for Best Performance by a Foreign Actress">
Genie Award for Best Performance by a Foreign Actress

The Genie Award for Best Performance by a Foreign Actress was awarded by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television from 1980 to 1983, for the best performance by non-Canadian actress in a Canadian film.
The award was subsequently discontinued, and non-Canadian actresses are now eligible for the Genie Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role.

</doc>
<doc id="18645242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645242" title="We Are Here (Flower Travellin' Band album)">
We Are Here (Flower Travellin' Band album)

We Are Here is the fifth album by the Japanese rock group Flower Travellin' Band. It was released in September 2008 by Pony Canyon Records in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18645248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645248" title="France at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
France at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

France sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. France sent 119 athletes, who competed in 13 sports: athletics, rowing, cycling, equestrian, wheelchair fencing, powerlifting, judo, swimming, table tennis, wheelchair tennis, shooting, archery and sailing. The country's flagbearer during the Games' opening ceremony was Assia El'Hannouni, who won four gold medals at the Athens Paralympics.
Medals.
! Medal
! Name
! Sport
! Event
Athletics.
France had twenty-six competitors in athletics.
Sailing.
French athletes competed in the following events in sailing:
Swimming.
France had twelve competitors in swimming.

</doc>
<doc id="18645259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645259" title="Conflux">
Conflux

Conflux may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18645268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645268" title="Netu'a">
Netu'a

Netu'a (, "lit." Planted) is an moshav in northern Israel. Located near the Lebanese border, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 251.
The village was established in 1966 by residents of other local moshavim as part of a plan to encourage more Jewish settlement in the Galilee. It is founded on the land of the Palestinian village of Dayr al-Qassi

</doc>
<doc id="18645270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645270" title="Thera (moth)">
Thera (moth)

Thera is a genus of moth of the family Geometridae.

</doc>
<doc id="18645274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645274" title="Satoshi Shingaki">
Satoshi Shingaki

Career history.
After being unbeaten in 5 bouts (4 wins and a draw), Shingaki challenged Dodie Boy Penalosa for the vacant IBF light flyweight title on December 10, 1983. Unfortunate for him, he was knocked out in 12 rounds and met his first setback.
Following a win since losing to Penalosa, Shingaki got another world title shot on April 15, 1984. There, he fought Elmer Magallano for the vacant IBF bantamweight championship and won by TKO in the 8th round. He defended it against Joves De La Puz, three months and twenty days later.
On his second defense, Shingaki fought Jeff Fenech on April 26, 1985 at the Horden Pavilion in Sydney. The Japanese champion lost title as he was stopped in the 9th round. They met again on August 23 in the same year at the State Sports Centre, again in Sydney where once more, Shingaki was beaten, this time in 3 rounds. Fenech connected with a hard right 30 seconds into the first which had blood coming from Shingaki's nose. In the 2nd Fenech again connected and opened up a bad cut above his opponents right eye. In true Japanese tradition Shingaki never gave up but the fight was stopped after 3 rounds after he was ruled unfit to continue. Shingaki, despite his injury was keen to continue, even shaping up showing he was willing to go on, but the doctor and referee wouldn't budge and the fight was over.
He won his last 3 matches and quit boxing permanently.

</doc>
<doc id="18645306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645306" title="One (David Karp novel)">
One (David Karp novel)

One is a dystopian novel by David Karp first published in 1953. It was also published under the title, "Escape to Nowhere".
Set in an unspecified time in the future in an unspecified Americanized country, "One" depicts a society on its way to a self-proclaimed perfection which consists in dissension having been rooted out and every citizen identifying his or her own interests with those of the "benevolent State". In order to achieve this aim, an enormous state apparatus has devised a sophisticated system of surveillance, subtle forms of re-education and, if necessary, brainwashing. The novel describes one such instance, where a man who believes himself to be an active supporter of the system is found guilty of "heresy" by the authorities and accordingly is held captive and receives the State's routine treatment for his allegedly deviant behaviour. The major part of "One" details the various stages and methods of his re-education process, while the book's focus lies not only on the reactions of the tortured but also on the thoughts and considerations of his torturers.
Reception.
Though praised widely, Boucher and McComas panned "One", faulting it for its "long and tedious repetition of a tired topic, . . . which, for all its literary pretensions, neglects such literary essentials as consistency of background and motivation of characters."

</doc>
<doc id="18645308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645308" title="Aplocera">
Aplocera

Aplocera is a genus of moth of the family Geometridae.

</doc>
<doc id="18645312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645312" title="Ludovicus a S. Carolo">
Ludovicus a S. Carolo

Ludovicus a S. Carolo (secular name Louis Jacob, Latin form Ludovicus Jacob) (20 August 1608 – 10 March 1670) was a French Carmelite scholar, writer and bibliographer.
He published the first yearly lists of printed books.
Life.
He was born at Châlons-sur-Marne (according to some at Chalon-sur-Saône), the son of Jean Jacob and Claudine Mareschal. He entered the Order of Carmelites of the Old Observance in his native town, and made his profession 11 June 1626. While in Italy (1639) he took great interest in epigraphy, regretting the wholesale destruction of inscriptions in the catacombs.
A lasting fruit of his sojourn in Rome was the completion and publication of the "Bibliotheca Pontificia", begun by Gabriel Naudé, a work not free from errors and mistakes. On his return to France he obtained the post of librarian to Cardinal de Retz, and later on the dignity of royal councillor and almoner. At a later period he became librarian to Achille de Harlay, first president of the parliament, in whose house in Paris he lived and finally died, aged 61.
Works.
Besides the work already mentioned, and some twelve books which he edited for their respective authors, he left, according to the "Bibliotheca Carmelitana" (II, 272), twenty-seven printed works and sixty manuscripts. They include:
We have from his pen the lists of Paris publications for 1643-44 and 1645, and the list of French publications for 1643-45. Among his manuscript notes were collections of bibliographical notices concerning his order, which were utilized by Martialis a S. Johanne Baptista (Bordeaux, 1730), and Villiers de S. Etienne (Orleans, 1752).

</doc>
<doc id="18645314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645314" title="Kenton Joel Carnegie wolf attack">
Kenton Joel Carnegie wolf attack

Kenton Joel Carnegie (11 February 1983 – 8 November 2005) was a Canadian geological engineering student. A judicial inquest carried out by the Provincial Government of Saskatchewan in 2007 concluded that he was killed by wolves on 8 November 2005 at Points North Landing, Saskatchewan, Canada. The conclusion of the official inquest drew later criticism because previous and more authoritative investigations disagreed with the inquest's findings. The unresolved matter of how Carnegie died is the subject of ongoing controversy.
Although there were no eyewitnesses to the attack, there had been several previous incidents in the region of wolves and black bears acting aggressively toward people. The official investigation initiated by the Chief Coroner of Saskatchewan was carried out by carnivore biologist Dr. Paul Paquet and Royal Canadian Mounted Police forensic anthropologist Dr. Ernest Walker, who concluded that Carnegie died as the result of a violent predatory attack, either by wolves "(Canis lupus)" or an American black bear ("Ursus americanus"). Bear expert Dr. Stephen Herrero came to the same conclusion, although Herrero believed the responsible predator was likely a black bear. An independent investigation by the National Geographic Society (NGS), led by animal behaviorist Dr. Jane Packard and forensic anthropologist Dr. Gary Haynes, concurred with the equivocal results of the official investigation. Similarly, bear specialist Wayne McRory concluded that a black bear was the probable predator after reviewing the physical evidence. Later, private investigations conducted on behalf of the Carnegie family by ethologist Dr. Valerius Geist, and wildlife biologist Mark McNay strengthened the case for the wolf theory. The conclusions of a third investigation commissioned by the Carnegie family and conducted by wildlife biologist Dr. Brent Patterson were equivocal, although Patterson believed wolves were most likely responsible. Among the various investigators, only Paquet and Haynes visited and carried out an onsite assessment of the accident scene.
Prior events in Saskatchewan.
Before Carnegie's death, there had been several incidents in Saskatchewan of wolves acting aggressively toward people. Additionally, more than 300 occurrences of black bears behaving aggressively toward humans have been documented in the Province, including three fatal attacks.
During the late summer and autumn months of 2005, the Points North dumpsite was commonly frequented by several black bears and a pack of four wolves, which were occasionally spotted along the airstrip adjacent to the camp. According to testimony from a camp worker, the wolves at the dump frequently disregarded his presence and would adjust their arrival with that of the front-end loader, tearing into the garbage bags the moment they hit the ground. This behavior suggests the wolves were uninhibited by the presence of people or loud machinery.
On 4 November 2005, Todd Svarckopf and Chris Van Galder, who were stationed at the Points North camp near Wollaston Lake, decided to walk out to a nearby junkyard to look at abandoned aircraft. While passing through a forested area, the two were approached by a dark wolf only a few hundred metres from the camp compound. The two men attempted to walk back to the camp but the wolf walked directly up to Svarckopf, who yelled at it. The animal retreated a few steps but pressed forward as the men walked away, closely followed by a lighter coloured wolf. The dark wolf moved directly toward Chris and did not retreat when he yelled at it. When Svarckopf turned around to face Van Galder, the lighter coloured wolf advanced toward his back, retreating only when Svarckopf turned to face it. The two armed themselves with spruce sticks and kept the wolves at bay with swinging motions. The two men moved toward the edge of the brush line along the runway, with the wolves following but keeping out of reach of the sticks. The wolves positioned themselves between the men and the runway, in what was described as an apparent attempt to herd them back into the heavier cover. The two men moved out of the forest and onto an open runway, with the wolves still following them as they headed back to camp. The wolves were kept at bay with the sticks and only left when the two arrived at the camp compound. Several photos were taken by Van Galder near the end of the encounter. The entire incident lasted 10–15 minutes.
Svarckopf and Van Galder did not volunteer information to the RCMP investigator about their encounter with wolves, nor did they provide images of the encounter. This unusual behavior raised suspicions among investigators and brought into question the credibility of the two individuals. To add to the confusion, media versions of the event and hearsay reports from Points North employees offered several different and conflicting descriptions of the encounter.
Eventually, investigators Paquet and Walker asked the RCMP Major Crimes Unit to find Svarckopf and Van Galder and obtain statements. Van Galder never did provide a statement but 4 months after Carnegie was killed Svarckopf was interviewed by the RCMP. He reported that the wolves never growled or barked as wolves defending territory sometimes do, but snapped their teeth and jaws. Notably, this behavior is rarely displayed by wolves and is known to occur only when wolves are threatened and under extreme stress or possible attack. Additionally, Svarckopf claimed that he and Van Galder tried to warn their co-workers (including Kenton Carnegie) at the camp about the wolves, but were humorously accused of teasing the animals. Their story, however, was not corroborated by co-workers who claimed Svarckopf and Van Galder told them several different versions of what had occurred.
Disappearance and subsequent discovery.
Carnegie was on his fall co-op term in his third year of geological engineering at the University of Waterloo. He and a colleague were in the Athabasca basin performing airborne surveying work for Ottawa-based Sander Geophysics. A few days before his death, Carnegie wanted to go for a walk, but according to official statements made to RCMP by Svarckopf, Svarckopf and Van Galder told him of their encounter a few days prior and claimed to have "implored" him not to go. The Carnegie family, however, questions this claim, maintaining that permission was given by Chris Van Galder.
Despite the alleged warnings, on 8 November at roughly 15:30, Carnegie went for a walk alone, stating that he would return by 17:00. At 19:00, he had not returned, and Van Galder and Svarckopf called Mark Eikel, part owner of the Points North camp to assist them in their search. After scouring the camp, the trio noticed Carnegie's tracks leading outside the camp and followed them to the lake shore. The men noticed wolf tracks on the shore and returned to the camp to get a rifle before continuing their search. Carnegie's body was found soon after by Eikel outside the campgrounds, 35 miles northwest of Wollaston Lake. Using a flashlight, Eikel viewed the body from about 10 m (32 ft). He made no attempt to determine if Carnegie was alive or how he had been injured. Together with Svarckopf and Van Galder, who did not see the body, he retreated to Points North to notify the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) in Wollaston Lake of their discovery, informing police that Carnegie had been killed by wolves. The message that a person had been killed by wolves at Points North Camp was then forwarded to RCMP Constable Noey and local Coroner Rosalie Tsannie-Burseth. Meanwhile, Eikel and Points North employee Bob Burseth (Rosalie Tsannie-Burseth's husband) returned to the site about 40 minutes later to find the mutilated body and confirm that Carnegie was dead. Upon arriving at the scene three hours later, RCMP constable Noey saw from a distance of 30–40 metres the reflection of two sets of eyes, which he assumed were wolves because of wolf tracks seen earlier and because he had been told he was retrieving the body of a person killed by wolves. Notably, however, no wolves were ever observed at the scene of the accident as confirmed by Noey in the following quotes.
Many months after the accident, Coroner Tsannie-Burseth reported that during the recovery of the body, wolf howls were frequently heard in the vicinity. Her husband, Bob Burseth, who was also present, felt confident that they were within 400 metres of the kill site. However, in the official police statements recorded at the time of the accident, none of the witnesses, Coroner Tsannie-Burseth, or Constable Noey remembered hearing wolves vocalizing in any manner. Noey thought he might have heard wolves moving in the bushes but was not sure. Tsannie-Burseth stated that she could "feel" the presence of wolves but had heard nothing. To dissuade the animals from approaching, the search party built a fire and periodically fired shots into the air during the body recovery.
Rosalie Tsannie-Burseth, the province’s local coroner who had arranged the removal of Carnegie's body, gave a hypothetical reconstruction of what happened. Her reconstruction was based on tracks of people and animals she observed near the site of the attack the day after the event occurred. She speculated that Carnegie had walked from the camp and by the time he was a kilometre away near a frozen lake, a wolf began following his tracks. Boot prints in the snow showed that Carnegie quickened his pace, as two more wolves approached him from the sides. The first apparent struggle occurred 2.2 metres (7 ft) from where the chase began. Four more scuffle sites were found leading to where his body was discovered. Tsannie-Burseth believed that Carnegie probably fought hard before finally succumbing.
Investigation.
National Geographic's Investigation.
In spring 2006, National Geographic Channel examined Carnegie's death in an hour-long episode of Hunter Hunted entitled "Shadow Stalkers". The credits acknowledge Coroner Rosalie Tsannie-Burseth, Constable Alphonse Noey, Dr. Paul Paquet, Dr. S. Herrero, and Tim Trottier of SERM (Saskatchewan Environment Resource Management). Wollaston Lake Coroner Rosalie Tsannie-Burseth and RCMP Constable Alphonse Noey are featured prominently in the documentary, providing commentary and personal insights concerning details of the accident. Animal behaviorist and wolf specialist Dr. Jane Packard, who assisted in the National Geographic investigation, reviewed the images taken by Todd Svarckopf and Chris Van Galder during their 4 November encounter with the wolves at Points North. Based on well understood wolf behaviors evident in the images, she speculated that Svarckopf and Van Galder had provoked the wolves. Notably, workers at Points North Camp had accused Svarckopf and Van Galder of "teasing" the wolves they encountered. She thought that negative experience might have caused the wolves to behave aggressively toward humans in future encounters. Renowned forensic anthropologist Dr. Gary Haynes conducted an onsite investigation of the accident site, interviewed key witnesses, and examined the images of Carnegie's body and tracks taken at the site by Constable Noey. The images were provided to National Geographic by the RCMP. Working together, Packard and Haynes concluded that Carnegie was killed by either wolves or a black bear, and that both might have fed on his body. Finally, the National Geographic investigation emphasized that the mix of uncertain circumstantial evidence implicated both wolves and bears, precluding the possibility of a definitive conclusion as to which predator was responsible for Carnegie's death.
Official investigation.
The RCMP determined that Kenton Carnegie's death was not the result of a homicide. This was important because Carnegie's parents had initially raised concerns that their son had been murdered. The family claimed their son's relationships with colleagues from Sander Geophysics (Chris Van Galder and Todd Svarckopf) at Points North Camp were very strained and tense. The official Government of Saskatchewan investigation was headed by internationally renowned carnivore biologist and behavioral ecologist Dr. Paul Paquet and RCMP forensic anthropologist Dr. Ernest Walker, who oversaw Carnegie's autopsy, which was performed by Dr. N. Brits in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan. Brits stated that Carnegie's injuries were consistent with those expected in a predatory animal attack. Paquet and Walker concluded that the only likely candidates were wolves and American black bears, as grizzly bears, cougars and free ranging dogs were not known to frequent the Points North area. The report, however, was equivocal as to which predator was responsible, noting that most of the evidence, all of which was circumstantial, was unavoidably confounded by search and recovery efforts. In addition, the report contended that a very poor primary assessment of the accident scene by an inexperienced police constable and local coroner further compromised the quality and reliability of the evidence. Included among the criticisms were investigative bias resulting from preconditioned expectations of a "wolf attack" at Points North, failure to secure the accident scene from intrusion of people and wildlife, a 20-hour delay in carrying out the site assessment during which time at least three wolves visited the site, failure to cast impressions of footwear so that tracks of searchers and investigators could be distinguished from those of the victim, failure to annotate digital images taken on the accident scene, and serious discrepancies in important details of the official police report. These unresolvable problems were compounded by changing stories from key witnesses, RCMP investigator Constable Noey, and local coroner Tsannie concerning important and significant aspects of events that occurred before, after, and during the accident.
Two wolves from the area were killed about 56 hours after the accident by investigating conservation officers and taken for examination to the University of Saskatchewan. The digestive systems of both wolves were empty, except for a few small residual items. One of the wolves, a black and white 48 kg (106 lb) male, estimated to be 4–5 years of age, was found to have undigested plasticised fabric, small black hairs, and what appeared to be connective tissue within its colon and rectum, though lab analyses showed the latter to be vegetable matter. Microscopic examination suggested that the recovered hair was possibly human in origin. However, DNA analyis by the RCMP forensic lab rejected that assessment. Given the high quality and excellent condition of the tissue samples (hairs complete with roots), the RCMP concluded the hairs were not of human origin. The lab tested only for human DNA, so the complete absence of DNA is strong evidence that the sample was not human. Accordingly, no human remains were found in the digestive systems of the wolves thought to have killed and fed on Carnegie.
There was no indication of rabies, nor was there any morphological indication suggesting it was a wolf-dog hybrid. The animal was described in the necropsy report as being very fat, well muscled and in excellent nutritional condition. Paquet later stated that "these were the healthiest wolves I've ever seen." Although he noted that "no definitive animal sign was evident in any of the images taken the night of the accident", he noted that wolf, fox, and bear tracks were visible on the photos taken the following day of the surrounding area. The tracks were identified by noted wildlife experts Dr. L. David Mech, Dr. Vince Crichton, Tim Trottier, Dr. Michael Gibeau, and Wayne McRory. These images,taken 20–22 hours after the attack occurred, also showed unidientified shoe prints of several people. Paquet and Walker stated that the body had been dragged 50–60 metres as reported by RCMP Constable Noey, Burseth, and Eikel, as well as physically measured by Paquet at the scene. This suggested but did not confirm a black bear culprit, as black bears often drag their prey away from the initial kill and feeding site, especially following disturbances by people. In Paquet's own extensive experience and that of other wolf biologists, wolves are virtually unknown to drag larger prey (i.e. more than 40 kg) more than a few metres.
Paquet and Walker also pointed to the fact that Carnegie's heart, lungs and liver were intact, stating that in Paquet's experience and that of other wolf experts, wolves usually eat those organs and surrounding fat first. Moreover, the stomach, intestines, and kidneys were consumed first, which Paquet stated is unusual for wolves consuming wild prey. Consumption of these organs, however, is consistent with documented descriptions of black bears feeding on humans, especially victims who had recently consumed a meal. Notably, Carnegie ate lunch just before leaving on his walk. Paquet and Walker noted, however, that due to the scarcity of documented wolf attacks in North America, it would be difficult to discern what a wolf attack would look like. Mark McNay agreed.
This point of agreement is of profound significance because it confirms that interpretation of the circumstantial evidence found at the scene is fraught with irresolvable uncertainty. In this regard, Patterson commented that "... based on the material I did see it seemed less plausible that a bear was responsible than wolves, but I acknowledge that barring an actual eyewitness account a definitive answer will remain elusive."
Similarly equivosal, but favoring the bear theory, bear specialist Wayne McRory concluded that a black bear was the probable predator after reviewing the physical evidence. Paquet's telephone consultations with bear expert Dr. Stephen Herrero came to the same conclusion: Herrero believed the responsible predator was likely a black bear.
Paul Paquet was quoted in an issue of the "National Wildlife" magazine;
The time of day of the attack was also claimed to be consistent with documented bear predation on humans;
Paquet and Walker also identified claw marks on the body, something inconsistent with wolves, which attack with their teeth. The claw marks were clearly distinguishable because the corresponding marks of lower and upper jaws that characterize bite wounds were absent from the body. Based on examination of bite impressions from 100 adult wolves and 100 adult black bears, Paquet and Walker concluded that it was difficult to reliably differentiate the bite marks of wolves and bears, as the canine teeth of adult wolves can leave near identical marks to those of similarly sized black bears. In addition, only 2 bite marks were clearly discernible on the body. Both were post- or peri-mortem and the canine teeth did not penetrate the skin. There were no impressions of pre-molars, which are characteristic of wounds caused by wolves In their report, Paquet and Walker stated that based on well described wolf behaviours (body postures, position of the lips, position of the ears, position of the tail), the 3 wolves shown in the photographs taken by Chris Van Galder were either relaxed or behaving defensively in response to a provocation by Svarckopf. Further, Svarckopf is shown relaxed and laughing in one of the images. Paquet questioned the reliability of interviews with the local constable and coroner, as well as members of the search party, due to numerous incongruities and his awareness that eyewitnesses were "notoriously unreliable". Accordingly, inconsistencies, contradictions, and changing witness and investigator statements on critical points of evidence raised concerns about the credibility and reliability of the investigators and witnesses. Paquet and Walker's report listed 14 biologists who were consulted, including well known wolf and bear biologists in North America and Europe, though it did not identify who examined the available evidence.
The investigative report by Paquet and Walker was met with criticism by the Carnegie family and their representatives. Todd Svarckopf, Chris Van Galder, Mark Eikel and Bob Burseth, who were the first four witnesses, saw the scene before it was disturbed by repeat visits by themselves and later visits from the coroner, two game wardens and the RCMP. According to Geist, all the witnesses stated in private interviews that the animals they saw on the scene, as well as the tracks in the snow, were wolves. However, Geist's claim is contradicted by the official police interviews. None of the witnesses remembered seeing any animals at the scene, although all witnesses reported observing wolf tracks. Bob Burseth, an employee of Points North Camp and a hunter who was frequently involved in tracking and killing of aggressive problem bears near Points North, confirmed that had bears been in the area, he would have known. He also stated that he knew the differences between bear and wolf tracks, and was adamant that on that night he saw only wolf prints. Burseth's wife, aboriginal Coroner Rosalie Tsannie-Burseth Aboriginal, found no bear tracks and stated there were only wolf tracks. However, contrary to claims in McNay's report, neither Bob Burseth or Rosalie Tsannie-Ruseth identified fox tracks at the scene, although fox tracks were clearly evident in the images taken at the accident scene by Constable Noey. This failure to notice what were clear and obvious tracks raised serious concerns for government investigators about the reliability of Burseth's and Tsannie-Burseth's other observations. Constable Noey, an RCMP officer, originally claimed that some wolf prints were placed directly within Carnegie's prints, a behaviour some incorrectly believe is associated with wolves stalking prey. However, when queried by RCMP investigators from Major Crimes, he changed his story to say he was not certain that was the case. Conservation Officers Kelly Crayne and Mario Gaudet, who investigated the accident site two days after the event and several snowfalls, wrote in their report "Officers investigated the site and found numerous wolf tracks in the area. No other large animal tracks could be found."
Bears had not been sighted at Points North Camp for over a month, as the death occurred during what some suggest is their annual hibernation cycle. Nonetheless, there were many confirmed sightings of black bears in the region throughout October and early November, including nearby Cigar Lake Mine and Rabbit Lake Mine. The Fall of 2005 was the second warmest on record and temperature influences the time of denning. In addition, aggressive and garbage-conditioned bears were a chronic problem at Points North Camp during September and early October, as well as previous years. Accordingly, McNay states that a problem bear was killed near the Points North Camp kitchen in September 2005, although SERM issued no permit to kill a bear, which is a legal requirement in the Province of Saskatchewan. In addition, the claimed killing of an aggressive problem black bear was never reported to SERM, so the fate of the animal(s)is unknown.
Private investigation.
Dissatisfied with the government inquiry, Carnegie's family began spending scarce funds for an independent investigation and hired Harold Johnson, an aboriginal lawyer and tracker. Upon investigating the case, Johnson concluded that wolves were the culprits.
After reading Paquet's report in August 2006, Carnegie's family approached Ontario Government wildlife expert Brent Petterson, to assess the evidence given by Paquet and Walker pointing to a bear culprit. Although Patterson corresponded with Paquet, and was initially convinced by his findings, he softened his views upon examining photographs and reports. Upon looking at the photograph showing what Patterson assumed were the bear tracks indicated by Paquet, Patterson noted that the snow in which they occurred was heavily slushed, and that a clear wolf print was present on a nearby rock, following the travel direction of the tracks. This suggested they were made by the same animal, although he was uncertain because of his inexperience in track identification.
Regarding the body's lack of disarticulation, Patterson stated that such a process only occurs after wolves have eaten all available soft tissues, which had yet to occur with Carnegie. This observation was consistent with Paquet and Walker's determination that most soft tissue had not been consumed, but contradicted claims by NcNay and Geist that nearly all soft tissue had been removed. Patterson also noted that lacerations on Carnegie's right forearm had flesh pulled out of them. Patterson wrote that this damage was likely caused by the canine teeth of a wolf, feeding on or dragging the body. However, Paquet and Walker determined the wound was caused by claws because there were no corresponding wounds from upper and lower jaws, which would be expected if jaws had been clamped around the arm so the body could be dragged. Patterson found that the drag distance of the body reported by Paquet was inconsistent with that reported by Constable Noey, who noted on a diagram of the accident scene that the body had been dragged only 20 metres. Noey, however, stated in his official narrative report cited and reviewed by Patterson, McNay, and Geist that the body was dragged about 50 m, which was consistent with the observation of other eyewitnesses. Further, the straight line distance as measured by a surveyors tape at the accident site was 52 metres.
Nevertheless, Patterson questioned the reliability of witness Bob Burseth who claimed the body was dragged more than 50 m, suggesting darkness and duress affected his judgment.
Among the photographed injuries present on the body, Patterson noted a bite mark on the right side of Carnegie’s right calf/ shin which he stated was consistent with the wolf bite marks he and his research team commonly observed on ungulate prey carcasses. Paquet and Walker identified the mark as occurring post mortem and indistinguishable from those left by black bears.
He also found that contrary to what Paquet said via telephone regarding the breaking of Carnegie's belt, there was no evidence of a belt on the photographs taken by the RCMP, nor was a belt mentioned in the personal effects list of the victim's necropsy report. However, primary witness Bob Burseth clearly stated in his official statement to the RCMP that he saw a belt when he first observed Carnegie's body. Patterson wrote that Carnegie was wearing lined nylon trousers, which he claimed do not have belt loops. In fact, Carnegie was wearing jeans with overpants. Although Patterson could not rule out the possibility that Kenton’s pants were peeled off first and then later snagged on the stump during dragging, he concluded that the removal of Carnegie's trousers, rather than being the deliberate act of a bear, could have occurred entirely due to wolves dragging his body and getting them caught on the tree stump. However, photographs of the body taken at the scene of the accident showed clearly this was not what happened. He saw no other evidence of clothing having been "peeled" off rather than simply ripped or torn during feeding.
Criticism was also launched at the list of cited experts ostensibly included in the Paquet and Walker report. According to Patterson, the list failed to specify which expert actually examined the evidence. This was an unfounded criticism, however, because the Paquet & Walker report did not include a list of experts cited. Nevertheless, Patterson stated that he became suspicious when he contacted carnivore biologist Maria de Almeida of the Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources, who he believed had been cited in Paquet's report as an expert. But de Almeida confirmed that contrary to Patterson's assertion she had not been listed as an expert. In her communication with Patterson, she stated;
Working under a suggestion by Patterson, Carnegie's family later approached wolf biologist Mark McNay on 18 January 2007, who at the time, worked for the Alaska Department of Fish and Game. Three years prior, McNay studied 80 events in Alaska and Canada where wolves closely approached or attacked people, finding 39 cases of aggression by apparently healthy wolves, and 29 cases of fearless behavior by non-aggressive wolves. After examining photographs of Carnegie's body and the area around it, McNay concluded that the argument in favour of a bear culprit was weak. He argued, incorrectly, in his report that black bears at the time would have been hibernating 12 days before the attack occurred. In addition, even if a bear was still active, an ample food supply would have been available from the nearby landfill 2 km from the kill site. Regardless, none of the camp employees saw bears or bear tracks, either the month before or after the attack occurred. He countered the purported claim by Paquet and Walker that no pattern has been documented of "fatal wolf attacks" on humans in the evening or the autumn season by noting that wolf attacks had been documented in Ontario and Alaska during the late summer/autumn season and evening hours. However, Paquet and Walker responded by noting that McNay had mistakenly attributed a claim to them they never made. Further, they noted the attacks referred to by McNay were not fatal and were atypical of documented incidences. McNay also cited examples from Hazaribagh, India, in which children were recorded to have been attacked at dusk. After finding out about the dump site near the camp, and hearing the testimony of camp workers that wolves would consume garbage in full view of people, McNay read Todd Svarckopf's testimony on the non-lethal wolf encounter four days before Carnegie's death. He concluded that the behaviour of the wolves was consistent with food-conditioned animals that had been fed, and expected a food reward. He argued that the wolves would have trotted away if they had felt fearful or threatened. In contrast, the behaviour of one of the wolves described in the testimony and shown in the photographs was indicative of a wolf in an aroused state and capable of an attack. After looking at the tracks shown in the photographs taken by the RCMP, he affirmed that he could not see any bear tracks. He stated that any similarity in the shape of any of those tracks to either a bear or wolf foot was purely coincidental, due to the overflow obliterating the true foot shape. He also stated that the assumption that a bear made the tracks could be disproved by the direction they were heading. If it was a bear, the triangular shape of the tracks would have indicated that the animal was moving toward the position of the photographer, but close examination revealed that the animal was travelling away from that direction. This was confirmed after McNay showed the photographs to five experienced Alaskan Pilots and wolf trackers, three of which were biologists of the ADFG, whereas the other two formerly worked as wolf survey pilots in Yellowstone National Park. None of the five individuals, however, were identified. McNay gave additional evidence for wolves making the prints by describing their track pattern;
McNay noted that Carnegie's body lacked the severe head trauma and broken bones he believed to be characteristic of a fatal bear attack. Notably, his assertion relied on evidence from fatal grizzly and polar bear attacks, rather than lethal attacks by black bears. He argued that the areas of Carnegie's body where flesh had been removed were inconsistent with bear feeding patterns; most of the stomach and intestines were eaten, and a large portion of the muscle mass from the ribs to the knees was consumed. From this, McNay pointed out that bears are solitary feeders, and claimed without providing evidence that victims usually have only one area of their body eaten; whereas those of wolves, which feed collectively, will have multiple areas of their body consumed, as in Carnegie's case. He then argued that the amount of flesh consumed in the short time of the victim's death (estimated by him to be 70–80 lb (32–36 kg) of what was once 145 lb (66 kg) made a bear more unlikely;
As with Patterson, McNay cited the bruise on Carnegie’s right lower leg (measured 4 × 2.5 cm), as well as what appeared to be bite mark impressions associated with the bruising as further evidence of wolf involvement. He stated that the position of the marks on the right shin indicated that the bite had been inflicted from the front or side, which was consistent with injuries observed in 13 survivors of wolf attacks in Alaska and Canada. In many of these cases, the initial bites were fleeting and occurred in the hands or legs, and left only torn clothing, scratched skin, or minor puncture wounds. For comparison, McNay provided photographs of wolf-inflicted bites on three people. In one such photograph, the bite mark and bruising inflicted on the victim (Canadian biologist Robert Mulders) was similar in size and location to that seen on Carnegie's leg. Another photo, featuring the injured lower back of a six year old boy attacked by a wolf near Icy Bay Canada, showed bite marks ½-3 cm in length; many of which were similar to those found near the nose, eyes, and right arm of Carnegie’s body.
Regarding the inversion of Carnegie's pants, McNay pointed out that eyewitness Bob Burseth claimed that Carnegies pants were still on when he and Mark Eikel returned to the accident scene to inspect the body the second time. It was only when they returned with the RCMP two hours and twenty minutes later that the pants were completely removed from the legs and ankles, pulled tightly over Carnegie's large winter boots. McNay theorized that the pants had been removed accidentally after they got caught on a tree stump whilst the body was being dragged. However, Paquet and Walker have noted that examination of drag marks evident in images of Carnegie's body taken at the accident site easily disprove the theory.
In response to Paquet's assertion that wolves typically do not drag victims above 40 kg, McNay cited five cases in Canada and Alaska, as well as 195 cases from India where wolves attempted to drag/carry off their human victims when rescuers arrived. Paquet and Walker, however, made no such assertion. As quoted above (see Official Investigation), they maintained that is extremely rare for wolves to drag larger prey more than 10 metres in one direction because individual wolves typically pull in different directions, which eventually disarticulates carcasses. Moreover, the citations provided by McNay as proof that wolves drag their prey, described only children weighing less than 40 kg; which confirmed Paquet and Walker’s initial claim that McNay was attempting to dispute. McNay did provide an example (as well as photo) of a moose calf dragged by 2 wolves for 20 metres weighing 150 lb (68 kg).
McNay also claimed, incorrectly, that Carnegie's body had already lost most of its original mass, therefore facilitating the dragging process. This claim, however, contradicted Patterson's observation that most soft tissue had not been consumed. After reviewing Constable Noey's description of the tracks within the attack site, he found them consistent with those of a long struggle characteristic of wolf attacks;
McNay speculated that had a black bear killed Carnegie, only to have it usurped by wolves, there would have been a lengthy period of confrontation between the animals; resulting in well represented tracks around the kill site. He argued that Paquet's organ theory was flawed, because wolves and bears will eat all organs given the chance, and the wolves had been interrupted whilst feeding. Also, seeing as Carnegie was likely their first human victim, it would have been impossible to extrapolate normal, specific feeding behaviours.
However, McNay agreed with Paquet's viewpoint on the scarcity of fatal wolf attacks in North America making it difficult to discern with certainty what one looked like, stating in his report:
Ethologist Dr. Valerius Geist of the University of Calgary Alberta, who had himself experienced aggressive behaviour from wolves in his home on Vancouver Island began investigating case in the Winter of 2006. Upon examining the photographs taken by Todd Svarckopf and Chris Van Galder, he found that one of the animals had exposed canines, a raised upper lip, the corners of its mouth slightly opened and ears pitched forward. The wolf was positioned in a slight crouch with its hind legs braced for a lunge forward. The tail was held in a position bordering on neutral/confident. Its eyes were also averted, to which he stated that in wolf communication is done by confident, domineering individuals . He stated that rather than a defensive posture usually taken by wolves feeling threatened, it was one of assertive aggression with no hint of fear or insecurity. Finnish biologist Kaarlo Nygrén of the Game and Fisheries Research Institute of Ilomantsi gave a similar conclusion on examining the photographs. However, noted ethologist and wolf specialist Dr. Harry Frank, who was asked by Geist to review his report, concluded that Geist's interpretation was in serious error. Dr. Frank's assessment concurred with that of Drs. Paquet and Walker as well as Dr. Jane Packard of National Geographic.
Geist also examined photographs of where Carnegie died, and notes given by the RCMP on Carnegie's movements reconstructed from tracks. Geist found the bear hypothesis more doubtful upon reading in the hypothetical reconstruction that Carnegie was repeatedly knocked down and got up before dying. This, he reasoned, would make a bear unlikely, as bears are adept at pinning down prey and preventing them from standing. Geist also suggested that bears, after making a kill, usually drag it into heavy brush to eat in peace, whereas Carnegie was immediately eaten in the open after he died; a behaviour consistent with wolves. Paquet has noted, however, that there is no evidence that Carnegie was eaten immediately after being killed as time of death is unknown. Geist responded to a statement that he incorrectly attributed to Paquet that only a bear would have dragged Carnegie's body, by pointing out that the body was only seen to be dragged after the RCMP officer arrived on the scene, added to the fact that the body was not hidden in vegetation as Geist believes a bear would have done. In addition, Geist claimed that upon looking at the photographs showing tracks surrounding Carnegie's body, the tracks belonged to wolves of varying size, with no sign of bear or other animals. Yet, according to all other investigators, no images were taken at the scene or are in evidence that show Kenton's body and discernable wolf or bear tracks. Geist seemed to have confused images of the body taken the night of the attack with those shot some 15 hours after Carnegie's body was recovered. The later images revealed the tracks of people, wolves, foxes, and possibly black bear; but none taken at the specific location where the body was found showed any tracks.
Geist sent copies of the photographs of the scene to European biologists Dr. Eirik Granqvist of Borgå, Finland and Dr. Nygrén. Upon inspecting the photos, they both came to the same conclusion, responding;
Subsequently, Geist revised his official statement to include the tracks of fox. Geist was unable to find any evidence of bear predation on the body, based on the nature of the bite marks. In his report, he wrote that contrary to the statement by Paquet that "The clothes and skin been stripped away, indicating the so-called banana-peel eating technique common to bears", the skin had not been peeled back. The photography revealed typical wolf inflicted injuries, including clean cuts, and slices cut somewhat at right angles to the bones, consistent with carnassials cutting the tissue. Black bears on the other hand pluck flesh with their incisors, as their molars are blunt and are evolved for crushing rather than slicing. Geist, upon observing the amount of missing tissue concluded that in the three hours before the body's discovery, at least three and possibly four wolves had fully fed on 35–40 kg (77-88 lb) of body mass. A black bear would have been unlikely to have consumed that much body tissue in the short time available. In response to Paquets statement that intact organs suggested wolves were not involved, Geist pointed to his own observations and those of Russian and European scientists, citing cases in which some wolf packs preferred to consume the fat deposits first, as had been the case with Carnegie.
Geist commented on the nature of the bruises on Carnegie's shin;
Inquest.
The Chief Coroner's confidential investigative report was completed in the summer of 2006 and given to the Carnegie family for review. The report determined Carnegie was killed by either wolves or a black bear, and that the poorly conducted initial investigation and uncertainty of circumstantial evidence precluded a definitive conclusion. An Inquest date of February 2007 was then called by the Chief Coroner, but was rescheduled for 29 October 2007.
The presiding judge concluded that Geist lacked relevant expertise and did not qualify as an expert witness, which prohibited inclusion of his affidavit and testimony. She noted that Geist had never published a peer-reviewed paper or had a grant proposal funded concerning wolves or bears. Similarly, Patterson was also excluded as an expert by the judge, but his evaluation was introduced indirectly by the Carnegie Family's attorney, Harold Johnson. Paquet, Walker, and McNay were deemed qualified experts and all testified at the inquest. The Province of Saskatchewan chose not to present an affirmative case supporting the findings of the Chief Coroner. Accordingly, the lawyer representing the crown did not carry out in depth examinations of witnesses. Further, judicial inquests in Saskatchewan apply a much lower standard for determining cause of death (balance of probabilities or 51%) than do determinations by the Chief Coroner (reasonable doubt or 95%). On 1 November 2007, following three days of testimony and examination of photographs of Carnegie's body and the site of the accident, a six member jury concluded that wolves were responsible for Carnegie's death.
Aftermath.
Dr. Paul Paquet stood firmly by his initial conclusion that Carnegie was killed by either wolves or a black bear, but circumstantial evidence was inconclusive as to which predator was responsible; "The jury's decision was a poor one, which I'd put in the same category as 'O.J. Simpson is innocent'". He continued to cite the extensive dragging of the body and atypical choice of organs consumed from the body as evidence against wolves, and reiterated that it is not true that all black bears at that period would have been hibernating. He also noted that the presence of wolf tracks was compelling evidence implicating wolves but not definitive proof that wolves were responsible for Carnegie's death. Paquet maintained that the reports by McNay, Geist, and Patterson that were commissioned by the Carnegie family were seriously flawed, riddled with factual mistakes, misinterpretations, logical inconsistencies, and relevant omissions. He maintained that McNay and Geist overreached with the evidence and confused theory and assumptions with fact and proof, while consistently ignoring relevant information. He stated that McNay provided no basis for his estimate on the amount of flesh consumed from the body, which was a gross exaggeration resulting from McNay's confusion between volume and mass. Paquet argued that the pathologist who carried out the autopsy estimated 25% of the body volume was consumed, all soft tissue and internal organs. Based on rigorous forensic techniques, Paquet and Walker estimated 8–10 kg of soft tissue was consumed. Significantly, most large muscle masses were left intact, with the skin completely torn away. The most egregious omission identified was the misrepresentation and distortion of the major finding of Paquet and Walker that Carnegie was killed by wolves or a black bear. McNay and Geist consistently and falsely claimed that Paquet and Walker concluded that Carnegie was killed by a black bear. Overall, he accused McNay and Geist of failing to exercise prudence, caution, and due diligence when dealing with physical and circumstantial evidence of questionable quality and reliability. Further, Paquet showed that Patterson’s conclusions were largely based on incorrect information.
Dr. L. David Mech, an internationally recognized wolf expert, stated; "Mr Carnegie's death is a terrible tragedy but one fatal wolf attack in the recorded history of North America does not warrant widespread alarm".
Valerius Geist launched criticism on the official investigation, stating that it was too focused on establishing Carnegie’s cause of death, while ignoring wider policy issues such as the alleged failure of some wolf biologists to notice that the wolves of that area had been acting in an unusually bold manner toward humans before the attack, and that there was no real action taken to tackle the circumstances which he believed had led to the attack; freely available human waste added to a scarcity of natural prey, stated by Geist to be a result of increased wolf populations. He also criticised the wildlife officials of the area for taking no action against wolves clearly showing signs of habituation to humans until it was too late. He pointed to the fact that wolves had been sighted in the area weeks before Carnegie's death, and would frequently feed at the Point North garbage dump whilst ignoring workers. This he argued, caused the wolves to no longer see humans as a source of fear, but of food. In conclusion to his report, he wrote;
Kenton's father, Kim, expressed concern that the Saskatchewan Environments plan to stop further wolf attacks were inadequate, and did not address the problem of landfills which were thought to have been fed upon by the wolves, causing them to become habituated to humans. He stated that the best measure would be to incinerate the garbage, rather than to abandon it.

</doc>
<doc id="18645325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645325" title="Camptogramma">
Camptogramma

Camptogramma was a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is now considered a synonym of Euphyia.

</doc>
<doc id="18645330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645330" title="Australian flag debate">
Australian flag debate

The Australian flag debate is a periodic question over whether the Australian flag should be changed, particularly to remove the Union Jack from the canton, but also to possibly introduce a completely new design without the Southern Cross.
The debate has often arisen in connection with the issue of republicanism in Australia. It has come to a head on a number of occasions, such as the period immediately preceding the Australian Bicentenary in 1988, and also during the Prime Ministership of Paul Keating, who had publicly raised the topic of flag change during the early-1990s economic recession.
Arguments favouring changing the flag.
The case for changing the flag has been led by the organisation known as Ausflag. The organisation has not consistently supported one design, and is opposed to the Eureka Flag, but has sponsored a number of design competitions to develop alternative flag candidates.
Supporters of changing the flag have made the following arguments:
Arguments favouring the flag.
The Australian National Flag Association was formed to maintain the status quo.
Opponents of changing the flag have made the following arguments:
Southern Cross.
The Southern Cross is thought to represent Australia's position in the Southern Hemisphere (see Southern Cross Flag). It has been used as a symbol of Australia since in the 1820s when there were crown colonies of the British Empire in Australia. The National Colonial Flag for Australia was the first such concept to depict the Southern Cross.
Some claim that the Southern Cross is not explicitly Australian but could represent any nation at all in the southern hemisphere. As well as the Australian flag, it also already appears on the flags of Brazil, Papua New Guinea, Samoa and New Zealand.
Progress of the debate.
When the winning entry to the 1901 Federal Flag Design Competition was announced the initial reception was mixed. The then republican magazine "The Bulletin" labelled it:
a staled réchauffé of the British flag, with no artistic virtue, no national significance... Minds move slowly: and Australia is still Britain's little boy. What more natural than that he should accept his father's cut-down garments, – lacking the power to protest, and only dimly realising his will. That bastard flag is a true symbol of the bastard state of Australian opinion.
Initially the Department of Defence resisted, considering it to be a marine ensign and favouring King's Regulations that specified the use of the Union Jack. After being approached by the Department of Defence, Prime Minister Chris Watson stated in parliament that he was not satisfied with the design of the Australian flag and that implementation of the 1904 resolution could wait until consideration was given to "adopt another which in our opinion is more appropriate."
On 14 April 1954 the Flags Act 1953 (Cth) became law after receiving all-party support. Tabling the legislation in parliament Prime Minister Robert Menzies stated: "The bill is very largely a formal measure which puts into legislative form what has become almost the established practice in Australia."
The first proposal for a new Australian flag was made in 1956 by the Republican Socialist League, and was an evolutionary design where the Union Jack was replaced with the Commonwealth Star.
The Bulletin launched an Australian National Flag Quest on 1 August 1971 in time for the visit of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II to open the Sydney Opera House in October 1973; 10 designs were chosen from the 2,000 submitted and these were displayed by major stores in the capital cities and main provincial centres during 1972.
At the July 1982 Australian Labor Party national conference in Canberra, the party changed its policy platform in regard to national symbols to: "Initiate and Support moves to establish with popular acceptance an Australian flag ... which will more distinctively reflect our national independence and identity."
It was reported in The Australian on 28 January 1984 that, "It is understood that Federal Cabinet will soon decide how best to ignite the debate on the pros and cons of changing the flag before the issue is put to a national vote before the 1988 bicentenary year. The Minister for Housing and Construction Mr Chris Hurford publicly revealed yesterday that the Government had not allowed economic discussions to completely swamp cabinet debate on the flag."
Prime Minister Bob Hawke subsequently announced in the House of Representatives that the design of the Australian flag would not be reviewed by the Australian government before or during the bicentenary year.
Paul Keating publicly championed the cause of a new flag during his term as prime minister, including on a state visit to Indonesia. He was quoted as saying:
I do not believe that the symbols and the expression of the full sovereignty of Australian nationhood can ever be complete while we have a flag with the flag of another country on the corner of it.
On 6 June 1994, the Sydney Morning Herald reported Deputy Prime Minister Kim Beazley as saying the ALP Government was committed to its timetable for changes to Australia's flag by the Centenary of Federation in 2001; beyond commissioning a national survey that year, no further action was taken.
In opposition from 1983 - 1996, coalition MPs unsuccessfully sponsored 10 private members bills to amend the Flags Act 1953 (Cth) to prevent the existing Australian flag from being replaced by the agreement of both houses of federal parliament alone, without the views of the Australian people being taken into account.
Frequent Morgan polls showed the percentage of Australians wanting a new flag increasing from 27% in 1979 to 42% in 1992, to a majority of 52% in 1998. In response to polls showing increasing support for a new flag, the Coalition government under John Howard established Australian National Flag Day in 1996 and introduced legislation, the Flags Amendment Bill 1996, to make a change more difficult. In 2002, the Howard government supplied ANFA’s promotional video free to all primary schools and in 2004 required all schools receiving federal funds to fly the Australian flag.
On 24 March 1998, the Flags Amendment Bill 1996 received Royal Assent.
Malcolm Turnbull, former chairman (1993 - 2000) of the Australian Republican Movement and head of the official Yes case committee for the 1999 Australian republic referendum, left the board of Ausflag in 1994 after being asked for his resignation and in 2004 joined the Australian National Flag Association.
A 2010 Morgan Poll that asked: ""Do you think Australia should have a new design for our National Flag?"" was supported by 29% of respondents and opposed by 66%, with 5% uncommitted.

</doc>
<doc id="18645335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645335" title="HMS Gloucester (1709)">
HMS Gloucester (1709)

HMS "Gloucester" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Rotherhithe according to the 1706 Establishment, and launched on 25 July 1709.
"Gloucester's" career with the Royal Navy was brief, for on 26 October 1709, she was captured by French forces off Cape Clear Island.

</doc>
<doc id="18645339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645339" title="Yevgeniya Simonova">
Yevgeniya Simonova

Yevgeniya Pavlovna Simonova (Евгения Павловна Симонова, born 1 June 1955, Leningrad, USSR) is a prominent Russian theatre and film actress best known for her parts in films "Afonya" (1975), "An Ordinary Miracle"(1978), "Twenty Six Days from the Life of Dostoyevsky" (1981). In 1984 she received the State Prize for her contribution to several early 1980s Mayakovsky Theatre productions, including the "Life of Klim Samgin" (after Maxim Gorky's novel).

</doc>
<doc id="18645340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645340" title="Seven Swordsmen">
Seven Swordsmen

Seven Swordsmen is a 2006 television series directed by Clarence Fok and produced by Tsui Hark. The series is adapted from Liang Yusheng's novels "Qijian Xia Tianshan" and "Saiwai Qixia Zhuan". It is also the derived counterpart of the 2005 film "Seven Swords", which was also directed and produced by Tsui Hark.
Plot.
In 1664, the Manchus take control of China and establish the Qing Dynasty. The Qing government issues a martial arts ban, forbidding the common people from practising martial arts and possessing weapons. Prince Dokado, a Manchu noble, leads an army to eliminate those who defy the order. Dokado and his men kill many martial artists before assaulting Martial Village, which houses rebels from the Red Spears Society, an anti-Qing resistance movement. Two young villagers, Han Zhibang and Wu Yuanying, break out of the siege and follow Fu Qingzhu to Mount Heaven to seek help from Master Huiming, a reclusive martial artist and sword forger.
Huiming allows his four students — Chu Zhaonan, Yang Yuncong, Xin Longzi and Mulang — to join the trio on their heroic quest to save the "wulin" (martial artists' community) from the Qing government's persecution. Each of the seven men receives a special sword from Huiming. They title themselves "Seven Swords".
The Seven Swords return in the nick of time and save the villagers from attacking Qing soldiers. However, they decide to split up temporarily later to avoid trouble, and embark on their respective missions and adventures: Han Zhibang and Mulang remain with the villagers; Fu Qingzhu, Xin Longzi and Wu Yuanying travel to the capital to assassinate the Qing emperor.
Meanwhile, Chu Zhaonan falls into a trap and is captured by the ruthless Qing general Fenghuo Liancheng. Chu falls in love with Fenghuo Liancheng's slave girl, Lüzhu, but the romance ends in tragedy because Lüzhu sacrifices herself to help him escape. Chu Zhaonan meets Yang Yuncong in northwestern China and they join the Desert Eagles, a tribal anti-Qing organisation led by the legendary heroine Feihongjin. Yang Yuncong is wounded during a battle with Qing forces, but is rescued by Nalan Minghui, an enemy general's daughter. They fall in love, despite standing on opposing sides, but are not fated to be together as Nalan Minghui is engaged to Dokado. However, Nalan is already pregnant with Yang's child and she gives birth to a baby girl later.
In the capital, Fu Qingzhu and company sneak into the palace and attempt to assassinate the Shunzhi Emperor, but, ironically, they end up saving the emperor from a coup staged by some nobles. In Hangzhou, Han Zhibang is elected as the new leader of the Red Spears Society for his heroic acts in rescuing his imprisoned comrades. After the reunion of the Seven Swords, Chu Zhaonan pretends to defect to the enemy and uses the opportunity to get close to Dokado and assassinate him. Chu's plan fails because Dokado is aware of his intention and manipulates him into killing some of the rebels, resulting in Chu's fellows starting to doubt his loyalty.
Eventually, to prove his innocence, Chu Zhaonan and the other six swordsmen challenge Dokado to a battle on the Qiantang River bank. Although the battle concludes with Dokado's defeat, it also causes the division of the Seven Swords: Yang Yuncong is killed in action; Xin Longzi goes missing after entering a fit of insanity; Mulang returns to Mount Heaven in shame with Yang's infant daughter after carelessly allowing the enemy to infiltrate the rebels' hideout; Chu Zhaonan is deeply traumatised by the mentally devastating experiences he went through and he abandons his fellows along with his conscience. Fu Qingzhu and Wu Yuanying embark on a search for their missing comrades, while Han Zhibang stays behind to help the surviving rebels rebuild their force.

</doc>
<doc id="18645343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645343" title="Xanthorhoe">
Xanthorhoe

Xanthorhoe is a genus of moth of the family Geometridae.

</doc>
<doc id="18645353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645353" title="Cyperus scariosus">
Cyperus scariosus

Cyperus scariosus, also known in English as cypriol and in Hindi as Nagarmotha, is a plant of the Cyperaceae family, that grows wild in the Madhya Pradesh region of India.
Uses.
It is highly prized in India for its roots and is used in aromatherapy, as a perfume and for many other purposes.
Biological effects.
The methanol extract of "C. scariosus" leaves has shown pain relieving effects and has reduced the elevated blood glucose levels of hyperglycemic mice. Aqueous-methanolic extract of "Cyperus scariosus" showed hepatoprotective properties in mice. An oil isolated from "Cyperus scariosus" showed anti-inflammatory activity "C. scariosus" causes immunosuppression by inhibiting Th1 cytokines in mice.
Chemical constituents.
Steam distillation of the tubers of cypriol yields 0.075–0.080% of an essential oil, the principal content of which is cyperine.

</doc>
<doc id="18645369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645369" title="Scotopteryx">
Scotopteryx

Scotopteryx is a genus of moth of the family Geometridae. It is suspected that some species currently placed here actually belong in "Entephria".

</doc>
<doc id="18645376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645376" title="Michael Brooks (science writer)">
Michael Brooks (science writer)

Michael Brooks is an English science author. He is noted for articles and books which attempt to explain complex scientific research and findings to the general population.
Career.
Brooks holds a PhD in Quantum Physics from the University of Sussex. He was previously an editor for "New Scientist" magazine, and currently works as a consultant for that magazine. His writing has appeared in "The Guardian", "The Independent", "The Observer", "The Times Higher Education Supplement", and "Playboy". His first novel, "Entanglement", was published in 2007. His first non-fiction book, an exploration of scientific anomalies entitled "13 Things That Don't Make Sense", was published in 2009. The book expands an article that Brooks wrote for "New Scientist".
Brooks' next book, "The Big Questions: Physics", was released in February 2010. It contains twenty 3,000-word essays addressing the most fundamental and frequently asked questions about science.
Brooks appeared as a regular guest on George Lamb's BBC Radio 6 Music show. His slot on the show, entitled "Weird Science," features weird and wonderful stories from the world of science.
In 2010 Brooks set up the Science Party to campaign in the UK general election on a pro-scientific manifesto. Brooks stood for the seat of Bosworth against incumbent MP David Tredinnick, who Brooks described as "a champion of pseudo-science and a hindrance to rational governance". Tredinnick is a supporter of Alternative medicine and critical of science. In 2009 it was revealed that Tredinnick had spent £700 of public money on astrology software, which he then repaid following media publicity (see United Kingdom Parliamentary expenses scandal). Brooks received 197 votes in the election, more than he expected, but certainly not enough to unseat Tredinnick.
In 2012 Brook's book "Free Radicals: The Secret Anarchy of Science" was published.

</doc>
<doc id="18645381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645381" title="Rheumaptera">
Rheumaptera

Rheumaptera is a genus of moth of the family Geometridae.

</doc>
<doc id="18645399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645399" title="Shomera">
Shomera

Shomera (, "lit." Guard) is a moshav in northern Israel. Located near the Lebanese border, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 322.
The village was established in 1949 by immigrants from Hungary and Romania near the Arab village of Tarbikha which was depopulated in 1948. In 1950 they were joined by Jewish immigrants from Morocco. Its name reflects the moshav's proximity to the Lebanese border.
An Israel Defense Forces armory is located in the moshav.

</doc>
<doc id="18645409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645409" title="Franz Neumayr">
Franz Neumayr

Franz Neumayr (17 January 1697 – 1 May 1765) was a German Jesuit preacher, writer on theological, controversial and ascetical subjects, and author of many Latin dramas on sacred themes.
Life.
He was born at Munich, entered the Society of Jesus 3 October 1712, and after his studies in the Society, taught rhetoric and "belles lettres" for ten years. He then for two years preached on the missions, when he was made director of the Latin sodality at Munich, a post which he filled for eleven years. 
From 1752 to 1763 he preached at Augsburg Cathedral. His controversial sermons were directed in a great part against the Lutherans, and in particular against the apostate monk Rothfischer, and Chladonium. He died at Augsburg.
Works.
His works, as enumerated in Sommervogel, number 112 books and pamphlets. They include: Latin plays for the use of his Latin sodality, which periodically staged such productions for the pleasure and edification of the literary men of Munich; sermons which he had delivered in the pulpit of Augsburg cathedral; works on asceticism; treatises on rhetoric and poetry; and some essays on moral theology in defence of the Jesuit system. 
Some of his Latin plays were republished in his two collections, "Theatrum Asceticum" and "Theatrum Politicum". "Theatrum Asceticum, sive Meditationes Sacrae in Theatro Congregationis Latinae de B. V. Mariae, ab Angelo Salutatae exhibitae Monachi verno jejunii tempore ab anno 1739 usque ad annum 1747", 871 pp., Ingolstadt and Augsburg, 1747 (5 editions), contains dramatic renderings of such subjects as the conversion of St. Augustine, devotion to the Blessed Virgin Mary, the evil of sin, the fear of God, Divine Mercy and Love. "Theatrum Politicum sive Tragoediae ad commendationem Virtutis et Vitiorum detestationem, etc." Augshurg and Ingolstadt, 1760, 518 pp., contains episodes from the lives of Eutropius, Papinianus, Anastasius, Dicorus, Tobias, and Sara, etc. 
One amusing title which occurs is "Processus jucidialis contra fures temporis". These plays, besides numerous others were published also in separate booklets. 
On his ascetical writings probably the most famous and most valuable is the little book "Idea Theologiae Asceticae, Scientiam Sanctorum exhibens", a posthumous work first published in Rome by Alexander Monaldi in 1839. It has gone through five editions in Latin and has been translated into various languages. The English edition bears the title: "The Science of the Spiritual Life". 
He wrote also several works in defence of Probabilism.
Of his literary treatises, the "Idea Rhetorices" deals with the precepts and use of Rhetoric; "Idea Poesis" is a similar volume on poetry and in the title he tells use of the art, "Ad Ingeniorum Culturam, Animorum Oblectationem ac Morum Doctrinam".

</doc>
<doc id="18645421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645421" title="Johnny Harra">
Johnny Harra

Johnny Lee Harra, born Harry Lee Lovett, (July 11, 1946 – March 30, 2011) was an American Elvis impersonator. He began impersonating Elvis at the age of 11 and was cast as the 42 year old Elvis in the 1981 docudrama "This Is Elvis". Harra, one of four actors to portray Elvis in the movie, was featured in two scenes from the re-enactment of August 16, 1977, filmed at Graceland. After many years in seclusion he returned to the stage before the 25th anniversary of Elvis' death.
In year 95 took second place as the best imitator of the world during the twentieth century. The title was usurped by a Colombian
Harra was featured in newspapers and magazines, and on national TV shows like Merv Griffin, Johnny Carson and Dick Clark. Johnny traveled internationally performing his “Profiles of Presley” show. He died on March 30, 2011, aged 64.

</doc>
<doc id="18645424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645424" title="Hone Heke Ngapua">
Hone Heke Ngapua

Hone Heke Ngapuha (6 June 1869 – 9 February 1909) was a Māori and Liberal Party Member of Parliament in New Zealand. He was born in Kaikohe, and was named after his great-uncle Hone Heke.
Biography.
Ngapua was born in 1869 at Kaikohe.
He won the Northern Maori electorate in 1893, with the support of "Kotahitanga". He was adjudged bankrupt and vacated the seat on 29 October 1900. However, he was re-elected to the seat in a by-election on 9 January 1901 (as Joseph Ward was in 1897). He died in Wellington of tuberculosis at only 40 while an MP in 1909. 
He was influential in the development of the Young Maori Party, and helped defuse the conflict of the Dog Tax War of 1897. He introduced a Native Rights Bill, some of which was incorporated into legislation passed in 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="18645445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645445" title="Ya'ara">
Ya'ara

Ya'ara (, "lit." honeysuckle and honeycomb) is a moshav in northern Israel. Located near Ma'alot-Tarshiha, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 533.
The village was established in 1950 on the ruins of Arab al-Samniyya by immigrants from North Africa and local Bedouin, and was the first mixed Jewish-Bedouin village in the country. It was named after the surrounding forests.

</doc>
<doc id="18645447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645447" title="Longfin trevally">
Longfin trevally

The longfin trevally, "Carangoides armatus" (also known as the longfin kingfish, longfin cavalla and armed trevally), is a species of inshore marine fish in the jack family, Carangidae. The species is common in tropical to subtropical waters of the Indo-Pacific, ranging from South Africa in the west to Japan in the east, typically inhabiting inshore reefs and bays. The species is easily distinguished by its elongate dorsal and anal fin lobes and filamentous dorsal rays, as well as its scaleless breast. Longfin trevally are pelagic predators, taking a variety of small fish, cephalopods and crustaceans, and reach sexual maturity at around 21 cm. The species has a maximum known length of 57 cm and weight of 3.5 kg. The longfin trevally has a very complex taxonomic history which is closely intertwined with another currently valid species, "Carangoides ciliarius", which may yet prove to be synonymous. Longfin trevally are of minor importance to fisheries throughout their range and are considered good table fish, and are occasionally taken by anglers.
Taxonomy and naming.
The longfin trevally is classified within the genus "Carangoides", a group of fish commonly called jacks and trevallies. "Carangoides" falls into the jack and horse mackerel family Carangidae, itself part the order Perciformes, in the suborder Percoidei.
The species was first scientifically described by the German naturalist Eduard Rüppell in 1830, based on a specimen taken from the Red Sea, which was designated to be the holotype. Rüppell named the species "Citula armata", placing his new species in what was at the time a valid jack genus created by Georges Cuvier in 1816. "Citula" was later synonymised with "Pseudocaranx", and all its members were re-examined and placed in a number of different jack genera. "C. armata" became "Caranx armatus", also masculinising the species name. Finally, the species was placed in "Carangoides" after re-examinations of its anatomy by a number of authors as part of a larger investigation into the taxonomy of the carangid fishes. The species was subsequently described independently under three different names, with Cuvier applying "Caranx ciliaris" to the species, Masamitsu Ōshima applying "Citula pescadorensis" and Yojiro Wakiya "Caranx schlegeli". These are all considered to be invalid junior synonyms under ICZN rules.
The complexities of this naming process has led to extensive confusion between this species, originally described as "Citula armata", and a very closely related species, "Sciaena armata", now probably a synonym of "Carangoides ciliarius". "Sciaena armata", originally named by Peter Forsskål in 1775, has never been definitively identified, but in the same volume he described "C. armatus" in, Rüppell created "Citula ciliaria". He was unsure if this species was the same fish Forsskål described as "S. armatus", and subsequent reviews of this species complex tend to keep Rüppell as the author. "Carangoides armatus" and "Carangoides ciliarius" were considered synonymous in a 1975 review of the species, however some authorities still consider them both to be valid species.
Description.
dimorphic, with mature males longer than 21 cm having 3 to 12 of the central soft rays extended
into thin filaments of varying lengths. The anal fin has 2 anteriorly detached spines followed by a single spine connected to 16 to 18 soft rays. The lobes of both the anal and dorsal fin are highly extended, giving the species its name. The anal fins also show extension into filaments to a lesser degree. The pectoral fins are falcate to subfalcate with 18-20 rays, while the caudal fin is deeply forked with bilateral, paired caudal keels. The pelvic fins are short, and fit in fairly pronounced ventral grooves, similar to that of "Atropus atropos" The lateral line is moderately arched anteriorly, with the curved section containing 57 to 77 scales, while the straight section contains 25 to 43 elements, 11 to 24 of which are weak scutes. Another of the diagnostic traits of the longfin trevally is the scaleless breast, extending from the origin of the pelvic fins to the base of the pectoral fin and anteriorly to the gill cover. There are 24 vertebrae in the species.
The longfin trevally's colour is variable with age, although maintains a general colouration of greyish blue above, fading to a whitish silver near the belly region. Younger individuals show a more silver blue dorsally, and have six dark crossbars visible on the body past the pectoral fin base. There is a distinct blackish blotch on the upper margin of the operculum. The first dorsal fin is pale grey to black, while the second dorsal fin and anal fin are both hyaline to black. The pectorals are dusty hyaline, the pelvics are usually black with a white leading edge and the caudal fin is also hyaline, with a dusty trailing edge.
Distribution and habitat.
The longfin trevally inhabits tropical to subtropical waters of the Indian and west Pacific Oceans. It is distributed from East London, South Africa in the west, north to Madagascar, eastern Africa, India, Thailand, Hong Kong, Taiwan and to Japan in the east. The species is also common in the Red Sea and the Gulf of Oman. 
The species inhabits inshore coastal waters rarely venturing offshore, and is pelagic, inhabiting both the upper and lower sections of the water column. Longfin trevally are commonly found on rocky and coral coastlines, often inhabiting reef complexes, with solitary individuals or groups of larger fish patrolling the edges of reefs. They are also found in shallow, sandy bays and lagoons, with juveniles known to enter and use estuaries as nursery areas.
Biology and fishery.
The longfin trevally is a predatory fish, known to take a variety of small fishes, cephalopods including squid, and crustaceans such as crabs and mantis shrimp. The species' long gill rakers also help to filter minute organisms from the seawater, adding to the fish's diet. Longfin trevallies reach sexual maturity at 21 to 22 cm in length. There has been no research into their spawning patterns, although it is known juveniles inhabit shallow bays and occasionally estuaries.
Longfin trevally are generally too rare to be a viable target for commercial fisheries, although they are occasionally landed and sold fresh locally. The species is considered good table fare, although it is highly esteemed in Thailand and Cambodia, where the filets are steamed or fried. Small quantities are taken by recreational fishermen in South Africa, often from boats using fish baits on hook and line gear or lures, as well as by spear.

</doc>
<doc id="18645454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645454" title="HMS Rippon (1712)">
HMS Rippon (1712)

HMS "Rippon" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built by Sir Joseph Allin at Deptford Dockyard and launched on 23 August 1712.
Orders were issued on 23 June 1730 directing that "Rippon" be taken to pieces and rebuilt at Woolwich. Unlike almost every other ship of the line rebuild of the time, "Rippon" was not reconstructed to the dimensions laid out in the naval establishments, though the differences were not pronounced: "Rippon" had one foot added to the gundeck and keel lengths, and the breadth, and , a new-built ship, had previously been built with one foot great breadth over the standard dimensions of the 1719 Establishment, as an experiment into increasing the sizes of the Royal Navy's ships in response to the growth of foreign vessels. She was relaunched on 29 March 1735.
"Rippon" served until 1751, when she was broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="18645472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645472" title="Uakazuwaka Kazombiaze">
Uakazuwaka Kazombiaze

Uakazuwaka Kazombiaze, also known as Wakka Kazombiaze (born 25 January 1979), is a Namibian rugby union player with Birmingham & Solihull R.F.C. of England's National Division Two and the Namibia national rugby union team.

</doc>
<doc id="18645473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645473" title="Association for Canadian Studies">
Association for Canadian Studies

The Association for Canadian Studies is a non-profit organization, founded at Queen's University in 1973. Its activities are conducted in both Official Languages of Canada. Through the organization, its individual and institutional members initiate and support research and teaching in Canadian Studies, particularly from interdisciplinary and multidisciplinary perspectives. The organizational membership is also concerned with the promotion of Canadian Studies generally, as well as the specific training of students in Canadian Studies. Support is also provided through the organization to interdisciplinary exchanges among scholars and leaders in the public and private sectors. In addition, significant public policy and research issues are promoted in the public domain, through conferences, publications and otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="18645486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645486" title="Goran Bogdanović (politician)">
Goran Bogdanović (politician)

Goran Bogdanović () is a Serbian politician and former Minister for Kosovo and Metohija in the Cabinet of Mirko Cvetković.
He was born in 1963 in Raška and holds a degree from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Agriculture. From 1992 to 1996, he was manager of JUKO in Srbica. Afterwards held the position of as state agricultural inspector until 2002, before becoming Minister of Agriculture of Kosovo and Metohija and later on resumimg the position of state agricultural inspector.
Bogdanović has been a member of the Demokratska Stranka since 2000 and leads the Party provincial committee. He was elected MP to the National Assembly of Serbia on January 21, 2007. On July 7, 2008, he was named Minister for Kosovo and Metohija. On January 13, 2010, he was stopped and then escorted by Kosovo Police to the Kosovo-Serbia border at Merdare, for "illegal political activities".
Personal life.
Bogdanović is married with two sons. He speaks Russian, English and his native Serbian.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="18645509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645509" title="Greece at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Greece at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Greece competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. The national team of Greece was composed of 69 athletes, 53 men and 16 women, who competed in 11 sports, archery, athletics, boccia, cycling, judo, powerlifting, sailing, shooting, swimming, wheelchair fencing, wheelchair tennis. Contrary to the tradition in the Summer Olympic Games, Greece did not enter first during the parade of nations at the opening ceremony but 69th in name order in Chinese, with the swimmer Charalampos Taiganidis being the team's flag bearer. 
Medalists.
Multiple medallists.
The following Greek athletes won multiple medals at the 2008 Paralympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18645515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645515" title="Neve Ziv">
Neve Ziv

Neve Ziv (, "lit." Brightness Home), also known as Ziv HaGalil (, "lit." Brightness of the Galilee) is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located east of Nahariya, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 521.
The village was established in 2000 with the assistance of the Jewish Agency. 

</doc>
<doc id="18645518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645518" title="Second Chance Act (2007)">
Second Chance Act (2007)

The Second Chance Act of 2007 (), titled ""To reauthorize the grant program for reentry of offenders into the community in the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, to improve reentry planning and implementation, and for other purposes"" was submitted to the House by Representative Danny Davis (D-IL) to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to reauthorize, rewrite, and expand provisions for adult and juvenile offender state and local reentry demonstration projects to provide expanded services to offenders and their families for reentry into society. H.R. 1593 was signed into law April 9, 2008.
Purpose.
The Second Chance Act serves to reform the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968. 
The purpose of the Second Chance Act is to reduce recidivism, increase public safety, and assist states and communities to address the growing population of inmates returning to communities. The focus has been placed on four areas: jobs, housing, substance abuse/mental health treatment and families.
History.
On April 20, 2005 Representative Robert Portman (R-OH2) introduced H.R.4676 and Senator Samuel Brownback (R-KS) introduced S.2789 Second Chance Act 2005 during the 108th Congressional Session however both bills died in committee. During the 109th Congressional Legislative Session, Senator Arlen Specter (D-PA) introduced S.1934 and Representative Robert Portman (R-OH2) reintroduced the Second Chance Act (2007) S 1934 without success. However, during the 110th Congressional Legislative Session, Sen. Joseph Biden (D-DE) and Representative Danny K. Davis (D-IL7) successfully ushered the passage of H.R.1593 enacting the bill 
In 2011, Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT) introduced S.1231 requesting reauthorization of the Second Chance Act during the 112th Congressional Legislative Session. Since that time, the submission has been placed on the Senate Legislative Calendar (July 21, 2011) where it has remained for further review. The Reauthorization of the Second Chance Act provides for the expansion of state and local reentry demonstration projects to provide expanded services to offenders and their families for reentry into society, as well as the necessary services to remain productive members of society. 
As of July 2008, the United States House of Representatives appropriated $45 million while the Senate tentatively appropriated $20 million for grants authorized under the Act. The Second Chance Act provides a number of grants, over a two-year period, to state and local governments in order to:
Recidivism.
Each year, as approximately 650,000 people are released from state and federal prisons and between 10 and 12 million more are released from local jails, they struggle with substance abuse, lack of adequate education and job skills, and mental health issues, and a large number of these people return to prison within three years of their release due to inadequate services and opportunities. Two-thirds of released inmates are expected to be rearrested for a felony or serious misdemeanor within three years of release. Such high recidivism rates translate into thousands of new crimes each year.
Jobs.
The National Institute of Justice Reports that 60 percent of former inmates remain jobless a year after their release because of their criminal records and the low literacy levels that hamper them in their search for employment.
Employment rates and earnings histories of people in prisons and jails are often low before incarceration as a result of limited education experiences, low skill levels, and the prevalence of physical and mental health problems; incarceration only exacerbates these challenges.
Housing.
Current laws deny housing to former offenders with drug-related convictions. A report by Human Rights Watch, No Second Chance, focuses on the unfairness of the one-strike policy in public housing. More than 10 percent of those entering prisons and jails are homeless in the months before their incarceration. For those with mental illness the rates reach 20 percent. Released prisoners with a history of shelter use were almost five times as likely to have a post-release shelter stay.
Substance abuse/mental health treatment.
Over a fourth of all offenses are drug-related and over 70 percent of the recidivists return to prison with drug or alcohol problems, in part because little treatment has been made available during earlier incarceration and little was made available after their release.
In a study of more than 20,000 adults entering five local jails, researchers documented serious mental illness in 14.5 percent of the men and 31 percent of the women, which taken together, comprises 16.9 percent of those studied. The incidence of serious mental illness is two to four times higher among prisoners that it is in the general population.
Measures.
The Second Chance Act legislation authorizes federal grants to government agencies and nonprofit organizations to provide employment assistance, housing, substance abuse treatment, family programming, mentoring, victim’s support and other related services that help reduce recidivism. The Second Chance Act also establishes the National Offender Re-entry Resource Center for the purpose of managing, monitoring, and disseminating information to the service providers and community organizations delivering services under the Second Chance Act.
Quotes.
"We know from long experience that if they can't find work, or a home or help, they are much more likely to commit more crimes and return to prison.” (George W. Bush, 2004)

</doc>
<doc id="18645519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645519" title="Diana Dragutinović">
Diana Dragutinović

Dr. Diana Dragutinović () (born 6 May 1958 in Belgrade, SR Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian economist, who was Minister of Finance in the Government of Serbia from 2008 to 2011.
Dragutinović graduated from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Economics where she also received an MSc and a PhD and still lectures. From 2001 to 2002, she was special advisor at the Ministry of Finance and Economy, as well as a special advisor at the International Monetary Fund (2002–2004).
From 1 September 2004 she was the Vice Governor of the National Bank of Serbia to Radovan Jelašić, in charge of coordination and management of research and statistics, monetary policy and payment systems.
Her main areas of research are macroeconomics, econometric modelling, financial programming, long-term economic growth theory, convergence analysis, inflation, monetary and fiscal policy, poverty and social policy. 
Dragutinović was elected to the position of Minister for Finance on 7 July 2008. During the reconstruction of Cvetković's Government on 14 March 2011, she was dismissed from the position of Minister for Finance. 
Following that, Dragutinović returned to her former job within National Bank of Serbia and reclaimed the position of the Vice Governor of the National Bank of Serbia, under the Governor Dejan Šoškić and retaining the same position under Governor Jorgovanka Tabaković as well. 
She is the author of textbooks, ten monographs and over 50 studies, articles and papers.
She is married and a mother of two children.

</doc>
<doc id="18645523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645523" title="Walid Salah Abdel Latif">
Walid Salah Abdel Latif

Walid Salah Abdel Latif (born 11 November 1977 in Mansoura) is a retired Egyptian football player and a Zamalek international forward.

</doc>
<doc id="18645527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645527" title="Scottish Labour Party deputy leadership election, 2008">
Scottish Labour Party deputy leadership election, 2008

The 2008 Scottish Labour Party deputy leadership election was an internal party election to choose a new deputy leader of the Labour Party in the Scottish Parliament, and was triggered following the resignation of Cathy Jamieson, who stood down in order to campaign in the leadership election which is being held alongside the deputy leadership election. Johann Lamont won the election and was elected deputy leader on Saturday 13 September.
The timetable for the election was finalised on Monday 28 July, and is identical to that of the leadership election. Nominations closed on Friday 1 August with the result declaration being made on 13 September.
Successfully nominated candidates.
Source: Scottish Labour
Both of the declared candidates received more than five nominations from MSPs, which was the minimum requirement for them to get onto the ballot paper, by the close of nominations at 12:00 UTC+1 on 1 August 2008.
Nominations.
Candidates are initially nominated by their parliamentary colleagues from within the Scottish Parliament, following which Westminster MPs, constituency Labour parties and affiliated trade union organisation can submit 'supporting nominations', providing their backing to a specific candidates. These nominations can be seen in the tables below;
Result.
The election took place using Alternative Vote in an electoral college, with a third of the votes allocated to Labour's MSPs, Scottish MPs and Scottish MEPs, a third to individual members of the Scottish Labour Party, and a third to individual members of affiliated organisations, mainly trade unions
In order to be elected, one candidate must have achieved a majority of votes, i.e. 50% plus 1 vote.
Source: - The Citizen: Campaigning for Socialism
Suggested candidates not standing.
The following either publicly suggested they would stand for election or received media speculation to that effect. However at the close of nominations they had not been nominated by any MSPs.

</doc>
<doc id="18645533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645533" title="Hungary at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Hungary at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Hungary competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.
Sailing.
One Hungarian athlete competed in the following event in sailing:

</doc>
<doc id="18645549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645549" title="Jamie Anderson (musician)">
Jamie Anderson (musician)

Jamie Anderson is an American female singer from Tucson, Arizona, best known as a performer of women's music. She is based in Ottawa, Ontario.
Anderson first began touring the U.S. in 1987, and released her debut album in 1989. She was voted Favorite New Performer by "Hot Wire" in 1990 and 1991, and played many women's music festivals through the decade of the 1990s. As of 2010 she had released ten full-length albums.
She is openly lesbian.
References.
http://music.cbc.ca/#/artists/Jamie-Anderson

</doc>
<doc id="18645554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645554" title="Salena Godden">
Salena Godden

Salena Godden is a British poet, performer and writer living in North London. Her stories and poetry have appeared in "Dazed & Confused", "Salzburg Review", "Le Gun", Penguin's "IC3", Canongate's "Fire People", Serpents Tail's "Croatian Nights" and Hodder & Stoughton's "Oral". Godden records and performs in the ska-punk-breakbeat duo, SaltPeter, with Peter Coyte. SaltPeter's album, "Hunger's The Best Sauce" was listed in "The Independent on Sunday" as one of the outstanding albums of 2007. She will also be partaking in the Bush Theatre's 2011 project "Sixty Six" where he has written a piece based upon a chapter of the King James Bible
Salena Godden's latest collection 'Under The Pier' was published by hip-indie imprint Nasty Little Press in 2011. Most recently her work appears in Shortfire Press, The Dark Times, Illustrated Ape Magazine, Trespass Magazine, Paraphilia, Rising, Teller Magazine, The Mechanics Institute Review published by Birkbeck University and Picador's Punk Fiction. Her poetry featured in the three latest anthologies from Tangerine Press titled Dwang, hand-bound bespoke collections. Salena Godden hosts and produces The Book Club Boutique - Soho's hippest literary salon - purveyors of their own unique brand of Books, Booze and Boogie-Woogie. Salena is the lyricist / lead singer of The Book Club Boutique Band and also underground ska-break duo SaltPeter. She features regularly on BBC's 'The Verb' and 'Bespoken Word' and is a poet in residence on Radio 4's 'Saturday Live'. This summer her narrative play 'A Valentine At Waterloo' will be aired and podcast as part of the BBC’s 'Verse Illustrated' series. And in the Autumn she will be partaking in the Bush Theatre's 2011 project Sixty Six where she has written a piece based upon a chapter of the King James Bible. Finally, Salena facilitates workshops for First Story - a charity created by author William Fiennes - that aims to foster and nurture literacy and creative writing in secondary schools.
Appearances.
Television & Radio:
2011 BBC Radio 4 / Verse Illustrated 
2011 BBC Radio 3 / The Verb 
2010–present BBC Radio 4/ Saturday Live 
2010 Bespoken Word 
2009 Resonance Radio/Black Is… 
2006 BBC Radio 3/ The Verb 
2006 BBC Radio 4 /Women’s Hour 
2005 BBC Radio 3/ The Verb 
2005 BBC Radio 4/Bespoken Word/2nd series 
2004 Channel 4/ /Seaside On The Rocks Documentary 
2001 - 2005 Resonance FM/The Saltpetre Radio Show 
2003 BBC Radio 4/Sony Nominated Bespoken Word 
2003 BBC Radio 4/Poetry Please Commission 
2003 Channel 4/Heavy TV/8-week chat-show 
2002/2003 BBC LDN/ Word For Word Show 
2001/2002 BBC London Live/Solid Steel/regular Saltpetre 
2000 SBN/Craig Pilling Show/regular Saltpetre 
2000 Channel 4/SLAM/ “Snooker” poetry short film 
1998/1999 GLR/Andrea Oliver Show/12-week series 
Selected publishing: magazines & anthologies:
2011: Juicy Fruit
Teller Magazine / ISSN 2047-1998
2011: Under The Pier (collected poems) 
Nasty Little Press / ISBN 978-0-9563767-4-9
2010: Harpers Daydreams 
MIR Review – Issue 7 / Birkbeck University / ISBN 978-0-9547933-7-1 
2009: Ever Fallen In Love 
Punk Fiction / Portico / ISBN 978-1-906032-66-1
2009–Present: 6AM & Hastings & Snow From Beneath (excerpt: Laugh, Kookaburra Laugh) 
Dwang / Tangerine Press / ISBN 978-0-9553402-3-9 
2008: How We Met 
co-written with Oli Spleen Gay Times / Gay Times / ISSN 0950-6101
2007: Play It Again Sam 
The Illustrated Ape / Ape Magazine / ISSN 1368 2954
2006: The Last Big Drinky 
The Decadent Handbook / Dedalus Books / 1-903517-30-3
2006: Skying & York Hall, Bethnal Green 
The Salzberg Review / Salzberg Review / ISSN: 1561-5871
2005: A Piece Of The Moon 
Croatian Nights / Serpents Tail /1-85242-820-0
2004: Katoushka 
Tell Tales / Tell Tales / 0-9547761-0-0 
2003: Fierce Pink Lamb Chop & York Hall Bethnal Green 
Velocity / Black Spring Press / 0-948238-28-3
2001: Flies That Whore In Kitchens 
Vox n Roll / Serpents Tail / 1-85242-624-1
2000: Clipped And Caged 
IC3 - New Black Writing / Penguin / 0-241-14074-9
1999: To The Man With The Hair & TV Ladies 
Oral / Hodder & Sceptre / 0-340-75051-0
1999: Stubble 
Girlboy / Pulp Faction / 1-899571-07-8
1998: Dutch Courage & Blue Cheese, Raw Fish, Olives 
The Fire People / Canongate / 0-86241-739-2
1996–Present: various short fiction / poetry
Rising Magazine edited by Tim Wells
Discography.
2007 Salena Godden/ ‘Promise Of Gold’ TwoFive Apples & Snakes
2007 SaltPeter/ ‘Hunger’s The Best Sauce’ album FRED Records
2007 SaltPeter/ ‘I’m Not Gay But…’ EP FRED Records
2006 SaltPeter/ ‘Everybody Back To Mine’ E.P FRED Records
2006 Coldcut/ DVD Ninja Tune Records
2005 SaltPeter/ ‘SaltPervert’ E.P SaltPeter Records 
2005 Alabama 3 feat Salena Saliva/’Boots’ One Little Indian
2004 Going down Swinging/compilation/Australia GDS
2003 SaltPervert/5AM/single re-mix OXYD Records. 
2003 Gargoyle Spoken Word CD/compilation/USA Gargoyle
2003 Perfecto Presents…Seb Fontaine/compilation Perfecto
2003 Flat Pack Antenna/Resonance FM compilation Resonance FM
2000 SS&PC/Egg Yolk Planet Fried debut album Saltpetre Records
1999 Saltpetre CD/Volume One Saltpetre Records
1999 Coldcut/Let Us Replay/ ‘Virginia Epitome’ Ninja Tune Records
1998 Coldcut/Let Us Play/ ‘Noah’s Toilet’ Ninja Tune Records

</doc>
<doc id="18645556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645556" title="Vaqueros Laguna">
Vaqueros Laguna

The Vaqueros Laguna (English: Laguna Cowboys) are a AAA-level baseball team playing in the Mexican League.
History.
The team was established in 1940 under the name Algodoneros de Unión Laguna. It did not take long for their first league pennant since in 1942 under the command of Martin Dihigo they won both the Zona Norte pennant and the league title. Eight years later, in the 1950 season, they won their second and last title so far, which highlighted the work of Guillermo Garibay.
At the beginning of the 21st century, the team changed its policy, and with it came a change in name and image of the ninth lagoon. It was decided to change the team name to the Laguna Cowboys, and the traditional maroon uniforms were changed to orange.
Among their best players in history are Michael "Pilo" Gaspar, Guillermo Garibay, Pedro "Charolito" Orta, Moisés Camacho, Leo Rodriguez, Martín Dihigo, Jesus "Chanquilón" Diaz, Antonio Pollorena and, of course, Héctor Espino.

</doc>
<doc id="18645570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645570" title="Descendants of Isabella I of Castile and Ferdinand II of Aragon">
Descendants of Isabella I of Castile and Ferdinand II of Aragon

On October 19, 1469, Ferdinand II of Aragon married Isabella I of Castile. They were among and their marriage produced many children, five of whom survived to adulthood. They arranged strategic political marriages for all of these children to powerful monarchs and well-connected women. In time, many of their grandchildren became emperors and kings of various countries, and their first and second generation of descendants caused the genealogical lines of Isabella I and Ferdinand II to spread throughout Europe. 
The most famous living descendants of Isabella I and Ferdinand II are probably the current European monarchs. First of all, the Kings of Spain are descended from their union, with their current major dynastic heir being King Juan Carlos I of Spain, who reigns in their native territories. However, it is also the case that all the other monarchs currently reigning in Europe – King Albert II of Belgium, Grand-Duke Henri of Luxembourg, Queen Elizabeth II of the U.K., Queen Margrethe II of Denmark, King Harald V of Norway, King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden, and Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands – descend from Isabella I and Ferdinand II. This is also true of the Sovereign Princes of Europe: Albert II, Prince of Monaco and Hans-Adam II, Prince of Liechtenstein. 
Albert II of Belgium and Grand-Duke Henri of Luxembourg are, given the frequent intermarriage between Catholic dynasties, both descended from the medieval monarchs through multiple lines. The non-Catholic dynasties also share several lines of descent – the following are but a few examples. Elizabeth II of the U.K. descends from the Saxe-Coburg-Gotha family and that line descends from Isabella I and Ferdinand II beginning with the 1636 marriage of Princess Elisabeth Sophie of Saxe-Altenburg (1619–1680) to Ernest I, Duke of Saxe-Gotha (1601–1675) (Elisabeth Sophie being a descendant through Isabella and Ferdinand's daughter Joanna of Castile). Margrethe II of Denmark, Harald V of Norway, and Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden also trace their mutual descent from Isabella I and Ferdinand II through that same line as Elizabeth II of the U.K. In addition, Margrethe II, Harald V, and Carl XVI Gustaf also trace their descent from the Iberian couple through Josephine of Leuchtenberg, Queen-consort to King Oscar I of Sweden. Josephine, like Queen Beatrix discussed in the following sentence, is descended from the Landgraves of Hesse-Darmstadt and that family is also descended from the Iberian couple. Beatrix of the Netherlands is descended from Isabella I and Ferdinand II through her great-great-great grandmother Wilhelmine of Prussia, wife of the first king of the Netherlands, William I. Queen Wilhelmine descends from the Landgraves of Hesse-Darmstadt and the Landgraves are descendants by virtue of the aforementioned 1636 marriage of Princess Elisabeth Sophie of Saxe-Altenburg and Ernest I, Duke of Saxe-Gotha (Elisabeth Sophie and Ernest I's daughter, Elisabeth Dorothea, married Louis VI, Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt).
The Landgraves of Hesse-Darmstadt connection also provides the descent of Albert II, Prince of Monaco from Isabella I and Ferdinand II. Prince Albert's great-great-great grandmother, Princess Marie of Baden, was in turn the granddaughter of Landgravine Amalie of Hesse-Darmstadt.
Hans-Adam II, Prince of Liechtenstein is descended from Isabella I and Ferdinand II through his grandmother, Archduchess Elisabeth Amalie of Austria; Elisabeth Amalie descends from the Iberian couple via the Spanish and Hesse-Darmstadt houses, as well as through the formerly-reigning Catholic imperial or royal houses of Austria-Hungary, Portugal, and Bavaria (these formerly-reigning houses all descend from Isabella I and Ferdinand II).

</doc>
<doc id="18645575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645575" title="Saraperos de Saltillo">
Saraperos de Saltillo

The Saraperos de Saltillo (English: Saltillo Sarape Users) are a Triple-A level baseball team playing in the Mexican League. They have won 3 championships in 1980, 2009, and 2010. Their homefield is the Estadio De Béisbol Francisco I. Madero in Saltillo, Coahuila. Juan Jose Pacho is the team manager.
History.
The Saraperos of Saltillo, arrived in the Mexican League in 1970 . Originated at a dinner held the members of the Committee for Construction of the Cathedral of Saltillo, whose president was Don Jorge Torres Casso.
The meeting began requesting data on the cost of the franchise, as players purchase and other details required for those wishing to start an interesting adventure in the king of sports.
Now with the support of the Governor and the Mayor of Saltillo, joined the first directive of Saraperos with Don Jorge Torres Casso as president, Mr. Flavio Trevino, Javier López del Bosque and Gustavo Lara Ramos as vice-presidents; Eleazar Galindo, Flores Valdez Eustolio treasurer and as secretary.
It was in 1999 that started the new era in the history of the Green Club to be acquired by the organization Act, the longest-running Mexican baseball after more than four decades of promoting the sport operating in Culiacan Tomateros Mexican Pacific League.
The Saraperos have been the most successful club in the 1999-2005 phase of the Mexican League, being the leader in health club league level and standing to qualify for the playoffs in every one of the 7 seasons carried out in that period , playing exciting postseason series.
It was the two-time champion of the Northern Zone, titles won in 2004 and 2005.
In these past seven seasons, the Saraperos performances have had renowned players such as Luis Ignacio Ayala, the extraordinary Mexican pitcher who after shining with the Green Team made it to the majors with the Montreal Expos, now the Washington Nationals .
He was champion in 1980, 2009 and 2010, Runner-up in 1971, 1972, 1973, 1988, 2004 and 2005 .
His first appointment was that of shortstop Guadalupe Chavez, from the Monterrey Sultans in late 1969, he, during his career with Saraperos used the number 15 was retired in 1985 Saraperos.
In late 1998 the employer Sinaloa Juan Manuel Act to purchase the franchise Hair Javier Siller Saltillo, starting a stunning renovation that consisted mainly of remodeling the Estadio Francisco I. Madero , the transmission of all team games across the Channel 7 television in Saltillo and promoting the assistance of families stadiums. The 1999 season was a resounding success which Saltillo Plaza became the most attended of the season and after four years they achieved their qualification to the playoffs with the third place in the General Table quarterfinals and eliminated in 6 games the Campeche Pirates . Already in the semifinals faced the Mexico Red Devils in 7 torrid encounters where the capital moved to what would later become the championship of the 1999 season. Since then Saraperos been rated 12 times in a row to play-off .
It is said that there was a curse on the Saraperos of Saltillo in the era law "will not be champions Saraperos until Francisco" Paquin "Estrada Saltillo is the manager." Proof of this is that "Paquin" was the manager of the Pirates of Campeche in the 2004 final. Currently "Paquin" Estrada is the manager of the Chihuahua Dorados archrival property of "Chinese" Law, Jose Maiz Garcia.
Also fell to the team Serape "The Curse of the Anabe" (union formed by disgruntled players in 1980), as the outbreak of the strike suspended Mexican League season in 1980, the League decides to conduct an extraordinary season minichampionship or Saraperos Saltillo which stands as champion.
Yet despite these "curses" that fell in the team, in the 2009 season, lidereados by manager Orlando Sanchez, achieved the absolute championship longed Mexican Baseball League, managing to win in 6 games Tigers team Quintana Roo. Ending this with the nickname "the merit and" who for 40 years suffered the green team
Stadium.
The Estadio Francisco I. Madero , is a baseball stadium that is part of the Ciudad Deportiva Francisco I. Madero in Saltillo, Coahuila, was built in 1964 and is located in Boulevard corner Jesus Valdez Sanchez Nazario Ortiz Garza Blvd, east of the city. The stadium holds 16,000 people and over the years, the stadium has undergone several changes including the expansion of its capacity which localities step from 7.500 to 16.000 in late 1998.
The stadium has hosted some notable events such as the All-Star of the Mexican League in 1986 and 2002, the latter being an international match between the teams of Mexico and Cuba, for the 2011 season, again will headquarters of the 79th All-Star Game LMB.
After got the Bicampeonato Saraperos the LMB, on Thursday August 19, 2010 kicked off remodelción works for the 2011 season, in which it will invest about 87 billion pesos between the State Government of Coahuila and the directive of Saraperos Baseball Club Saltillo.
Among the most important renovations techará entire area and side seats, the metal bleachers will become concrete and the capacity will be increased from 16.000 to 17.500 localities were renewed giant screen which presumably may be most largest in Latin America as they adhere to the standards of the stadiums in Major League Baseball , the box office will be relocated, a new store will BeisShop also remodel on the esplanade, wine cellar, gym and that will improve the field drained play, among other things.

</doc>
<doc id="18645579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645579" title="Kinards, South Carolina">
Kinards, South Carolina

Kinards (also Kinard) is an unincorporated community in Laurens and Newberry counties in the U.S. state of South Carolina. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP Code of 29355. The population of the ZCTA for ZIP Code 29355 was 801 at the 2000 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18645591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645591" title="Kan Du Danse?">
Kan Du Danse?

Kan Du Danse was Denmark's version of the dance competition show "So You Think You Can Dance". The program was hosted by Thomas Mygind and Anne Katrine Skole and featured judges Niclas Bendixen, Toniah Pedersen and Kenneth Kretzman. The show lasted two seasons and was ultimately succeeded in 2008 by "So You Think You Can Dance Scandinavia", a joint "So You Think You Can Dance" venture including contestants from Denmark, Norway, and Sweden 
Season 2 (2006).
The 2006 season began on September 14 on Kanal 5.

</doc>
<doc id="18645593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645593" title="Abiye Teklemariam">
Abiye Teklemariam

Abiye Teklemariam Megenta, also known as Abiye Teklemariam, is an Ethiopian print and radio journalist who co-founded the defunct "Addis Neger", which was the largest private newspaper in Ethiopia before its closure in December 2009. Three top editors of the newspaper quietly slipped out of the country, accusing the Ethiopian government of relentless intimidation, harassment and persecution. Abiye, who was the newspaper's executive editor, had left the country two months earlier for the United Kingdom. 
On a BBC interview, he staunchly defended the decision of his colleagues to leave the country, claiming that the government's plan to bring charges against the newspaper's top editors made their tasks impossible to carry out.
Presently, he is a vocal democracy activist and a student in Oxford, England.
Career.
A lawyer and political theorist by training, Abiye started his media career writing on legal issues of the Eritrean-Ethiopian War (1998–2000) on Ethiopian Reporter, a private weekly newspaper. He later wrote a "mea culpa" questioning his early “unskeptical” support of the war, in which he lamented that the war's popular support arose from jingoistic conceptions of patriotism. He criticized the forced expulsion of Eritreans from Ethiopia as a travesty of human values. His view was attacked for being insufficiently sensitive of political reality. He suggested that the two countries should adopt the European Union's economic and political model to avoid subsequent wars.
Abiye found fame in sports analysis. Blunt and intentionally contrarian, he complimented the famous Fiseha Tegegn’s authoritative style on "Talk Football", a Sunday football talk show co-presented by the duo. The talk show was discontinued by the Ethiopian government, following the bloody protests of June 2005. The government accused both presenters of supporting an unlawful insurrection.
Politics.
Abiye describes himself as a Post-Rawlsian liberal, although he has never defined what it means. In one of his blogs, he suggested that the principle of Justice as Fairness that is associated with the American philosopher John Rawls can be modified by adopting some salient points raised by Rawls' "identity and difference" critics to form a coherent system of thought that can solve Ethiopia's fundamental political problems. He argued that Liberalism had answers to the issues of language, identity and poverty. In his early writing, he supported the current federal arrangement in Ethiopia but said the power of interpreting the constitution should not be vested upon the upper chamber of parliament. He claimed that a strong inter-state commerce provision in the constitution coupled with a hybrid presidential/parliamentary system and a judiciary that has a power to interpret the constitution could strengthen the union without endangering the federal arrangement. In recent years, he has been silent on this issue. 
He mainly blogs about politics now, and often criticizes Ethiopian government of perpetrating human rights abuses and closing spaces of democratic participation. He says two political issues - government co-optation and fake growth numbers - are his obsessions now.
Controversy.
After the Ethiopian general election in 2005, Abiye turned into a vociferous critic of the government, sometimes writing articles riddled with statistical analysis, which he said could prove that the EPRDF might have lost the election. But he stopped short of calling for the overthrow of the government. The paper he edited was shut down in December 2005. He had been arrested by the police. In 2010, the government charged Abiye and five other journalists under the country's anti-terrorism law. An Ethiopian judge sentenced Abiye to eight years in prison, citing his role in providing outlawed opposition groups a platform to disseminate anti-government propaganda on his website. Abiye called the prosecution a politically motivated attack on dissent. 
In September 2009, Addis Neger newspaper wrote an editorial believed to be authored by Abiye and his colleague Mesfin Negash that questioned the journalistic value of balance. The editorial said Addis Neger believed that the fundamental journalistic ideal was truth and journalists could not reach the truth by splitting the difference or giving equal lines to competing claims. Addis Neger professed to follow rigorous social science methods in investigating issues. "What differentiates our approach from academic works is not methodology," the paper declared. "It is writing style and presentation. We believe journalists are social scientists. No social scientist worthy of his profession reaches conclusions by balancing competing claims." In response to this editorial, the state media said Addis Neger had exposed that it was not independent.
Styles of writing.
Abiye and his colleagues at Addis Neger were known for a distinctive writing technique which mixed long narratives with analysis. Supporters of the Ethiopian government accused them of using this style to repeatedly cast doubts on the government's core policy successes. Abiye wrote articles which questioned the government's growth figures, inflation curbing policies, mega-dam projects, human rights records and foreign policy. He was, however, very critical of most of the opposition parties even though in the last days of "Addis Neger" he wrote articles which praised Medrek, a coalition of eight opposition parties. In interviews, he expressed his support for Medrek's goal of mid-way solution for Ethiopia and praised the coalition's democratic aspirations. He was also criticized for his support to jailed opposition leader Birtukan Mideksa.
In 2007, Abiye reported the US elections from Washington DC. He was accused of lack of objectivity as some of his articles had visible pro-Obama slant. Abiye was also generally criticized for strong Neo-liberal views in most of his writings and his apparent links with Western policy makers. In a country where newspapers repeatedly went out of business owing to government pressure, Addis Neger's closure prompted unusually strong reactions from Western countries.

</doc>
<doc id="18645594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645594" title="Leones de Yucatán">
Leones de Yucatán

The Leones de Yucatán (English: Yucatán Lions) are a Triple-A level baseball team playing in the Mexican League. Their home games are played at Estadio De Béisbol Kukulkán in Mérida, Yucatán.
History.
The Yucatan Lions began play in the Mexican League in 1954, thanks to the efforts of Alvaro Ponce Vidiella and h Humberto "Beto" Abimerhi Abimerhi. The team's story is divided into three stages. The first covers until 1958, the second from 1970 to 1974 and from 1979.
Mexican League Premiere.
After several attempts, Ponce Abimerhi Abimerhi Vidiella founded the Leones. The team nickname was a reference to the name of the beer company built by the Ponce family. On January 5, 1954 the team's entry to the circuit was announced and on April 17 of that year the Leones opened the season at the newly built Clara Park Charter, hosting the previous season's champions, the Nuevo Laredo Owls and earning an 8-0 victory. In its first year in the league, the Leones won 47 games and lost 32, with one tie and finished in second place to the defending champion Owls. The team ceased play after the 1958 season
Second version.
In 1969, filmmaker Manuel Barbachano Yucatan Ponce, moved the Pericos de Puebla franchise to Mérida in 1970, renaming it the Leones. In the opening game of the 1970 season on 18 March the Leones beat the Rojos del Águila de Veracruz 4-1. The franchise remained Mérida for five seasons and then moved to Villahermosa, Tabasco when Ariel "Picho" Magaña Carrillo purchased the team.
Third version.
The third incarnation of the Lions began in 1979. On April 6, 1978, the Assembly of the Mexican League approved expansion teams 16-20 for the 1979 season. One of the expansion teams was awarded to Yuctan.
On March 16, 1979, the Leones officially returned to the Mexican League when it opened the season at the Cordoba Cafeteros and lost 10-4. As an expansion team, the Leones finished fifth in the Southern Division with 62 wins and 69 losses, but perhaps most important of the season was the performance of rookie pitcher Fernando Valenzuela, who later became a star in Major League Baseball. Valenzuela won 10 games, lost 12 with an earned run average of 2.42, allowed only 70walks while striking out 141 batters in 181 innings, and caught the attention of the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Rivalries.
Piratas de Campeche.
Since they made their appearance in the Mexican League in summer 1954, the Lions have had fierce rivalries, first with the Mexico City Diablos Rojos and the Mexico City Tigres and then from 1980 with the Campeche Piratas.

</doc>
<doc id="18645599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645599" title="Flax Pond">
Flax Pond

Flax Pond is a tidal estuary located in Old Field, New York, on the north shore of Long Island. As a salt marsh, Flax Pond is a natural site of great biodiversity and natural beauty. Flax Pond is owned by the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (NYSDEC) and is accessed by researchers at Stony Brook University as a Marine Lab for the state 
In addition to research, Flax Pond also serves as a recreational beach for Long Islanders, though its location prevents many from utilizing the facility, which has served as a point of contention.
In recent years, the management of Flax Pond has become a very important issue. The environmentally conscious group Friends of Flax Pond has used the facility to educate those in the community through lectures, workshops, and science programs. However, the NYSDEC has sought to make the Pond more accessible to residents, thus risking the environmentally pristine nature of the Pond.
State Assemblyman Steven Englebright, who has roots in geology, (what about ecology?) has repeatedly stressed the importance of Flax Pond as an environmental sanctuary. He has funded projects for Flax Pond, such as their summer learning institute and has held lectures to promote these ideals.

</doc>
<doc id="18645610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645610" title="Puerto Rico at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Puerto Rico at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Puerto Rico competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. The delegation consisted of three competitors, one track and field athlete, one sailor, and one sport shooter.
Medalists.
The country won one medal, a bronze.
Sailing.
One Puerto Rican athlete, Julio Reguero, competed in the single-person 2.4mR keelboat event. Reguero finished in ninth place out of sixteen sailors.

</doc>
<doc id="18645618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645618" title="Teresa Trull">
Teresa Trull

Teresa Trull is an American female singer from Durham, North Carolina.
Trull sang in churches as a child, and played in rock & roll groups in the early 1970s on the East Coast. Her debut album, "The Ways a Woman Can Be", in 1977, and has recorded two albums with Barbara Higbie. She has toured and recorded with Bonnie Hayes, David Sanborn, Andy Narell, Darol Anger, Mike Marshall, Alex DeGrassi, Joan Baez, Linda Tillery, Cris Williamson, Holly Near, and Tracy Nelson.
Trull has also worked as a songwriter, with The Whispers among others. She was nominated for Best Producer of an Independent Album by the "New York Music Awards" in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18645625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645625" title="Spain at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Spain at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Spain sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. The country's delegation consisted of 232 people, including 133 athletes competing in 15 sports. Attending the opening ceremony on September 6 was Infanta Elena, President of the Spanish Paralympic Committee Miguel Carballeda, Minister Mercedes Cabrera, and several representatives from the Madrid Olympic Games Bidding Committee.
Medals.
The team finished in tenth place for total medals, with 58 medals, 15 gold, 21 silver and 22 bronze. From Europe, only Great Britain, the Ukraine and Russia had more medals than Spain.
Sailing.
One Spanish athlete competed in sailing:

</doc>
<doc id="18645628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645628" title="Petroleros de Minatitlán">
Petroleros de Minatitlán

The Petroleros de Minatitlán (English: Minatitlán Oilers) are a AAA-level baseball team playing in the Mexican League. Their homefield is the Parque 18 de marzo de 1938 in Minatitlán, Veracruz.
History.
November 2006
November 6 of 2006 : in Playa del Carmen, Quintana Roo, the Assembly of the Mexican Baseball League (LMB) gave the consent for returning Minatitlan Oilers with new directors headed by Mr. Ranulf Marquez Hernandez.
January 2007
January 6, 2007: the leadership of the Club, headed by Mr. Marquez Hernandez Ranulf unveiled Abelardo Vega as team manager for the 2007 season of the LMB.
February 2007
February 5, 2007: begin training in the park "Deportivo Colon" in the city of Xalapa, Veracruz under the watchful eye of Abelardo Vega, supported by his staff composed of Carlos Esqueda, Roberto Méndez, Florentino Colorado Salvador Duarte.
February 12, 2007: Policy Minatitlan Oilers unveiled the name of the first foreign reinforcement for Season 2007 LMB, American right-handed pitcher Nick Mattioni.
February 15, 2007: Policy Minatitlan Oilers, led by its President Mr. Ranulf Márquez Hernández, announced at a press conference in reshaping developments that make the park "Sport March 18, 1938 "next scenario Mexican League. February 16, 2007: They were foreign defined four Minatitlan Oilers to face the summer circuit Season 2007, being named the American pitcher Nick Mattioni, outfielder Rene Reyes, American infielder Luis Lopez and closer Hector Ramirez, the latter from complications of his visa and not reported.
February 27, 2007: The U.S. Pticher Nick Mattioni and center fielder Rene Reyes was reported to training camp in the park club "Deportivo Colon" in the city of Xalapa.
March 2007
March 1, 2007: Minatitlan Oilers won in his first Preseason game the Veracruz Rojos del Aguila with 3-1 slate Ixhuatlán Coffee population.
March 5, 2007: Oilers team Minatitlan training venue change, leave behind the park "Deportivo Colon" in the city of Xalapa and is now concentrated in the park "Sports President Miguel Alemán" the Port of Coatzacoalcos .
March 7, 2007: American third baseman Luis Lopez joined the club in training carried out in the port of Coatzacoalcos.
March 8, 2007: in press conference at the media coverage led by CP National Plinio Escalante, president of the Mexican Baseball League, was formally presented to Club Minatitlan Oilers popular hotel in Mexico City.
Present on behalf of the club of southern Veracruz Ranulf Mr. Marquez Hernandez, the president of the organization, Mr. Carlos Suarez Calero, general manager, also Abelardo Vega, manager and Santiago Gonzalez, baseball player emblem.
"We are happy to make possible the return of baseball in southern Veracruz," said Mr. Marquez Hernandez. "We have assembled a group of skilled labor, as we all called Mr. Fidel Herrera Beltrán , Governor of the State ".
March 15, 2007: Policy Minatitlan Oilers unveiled officially came to an arrangement with the club Campeche Pirates to take the services of minatitleco right-hander Manuel Rodriguez Rodriguez on loan, who will strengthen the bullpen local computer.
March 17, 2007: Oilers Policy Minatitlan to the need to form a versatile pitching staff, succeeded in definitively changed services LHP Carlos Dominguez Martinez from Campeche Pirates.
March 19, 2007: Oilers Minatitlan Club held a Mass in the park "Sport March 18, 1938" in order to bless the building and team uniforms for the 2007 season. Later in known place Minatitlan city became official and formal presentation of the members of the ninth.
March 21, 2007: In his presentation at the LMB, Minatitlan Oilers beat the Red Eagle of Veracruz with a 5-3 slate. The center fielder Rene Reyes drove in two runs. The right-hander Alejandro Sanchez won the historic first Oilers game in his return to LMB.
March 21, 2007: With the first game of the 2007 season, Martinez turns 21 Seasons Grimaldo plays at second base, constitute a record for a second baseman, since last year surpassed the 19 he played Vincent "Magic Hands" Verdugo, who the LMB recognized as the man who has more seasons played at all times.
March 27, 2007: Baseball Club Minatitlan Oilers signed a working agreement with the organization leaguer St. Louis Cardinals in the "Roger Dean Stadium", located inside the spring training complex in Jupiter, Florida.
Ranulf Mr. Marquez, the club president Minatitlan Oilers, was pleased with the working agreement established with the Cardinals, the team that won the majors, because it will strengthen the link between the computers of the Mexican League (LMB) and Major League Baseball.
"In the particular is a very important step for our team," said Mr. Ranulf Marquez. "The agreement will allow us as an organization to maintain a close relationship of mutual benefit by working together."
March 27, 2007: during the first game of the series between the Oilers Minatitlan and Veracruz Rojos del Aguila, in the park "Sport March 18, 1938" Minatitlan city, Oscar FENTANES reached 1,500 hits lifetime on their way through the Mexican Baseball League (LMB).
April 2007
April 4, 2007: Policy Minatitlan Oilers, announced the addition of U.S. law and Russ Chist closer to reinforce the club's pitching staff to improve computer performance. At the same time announced the arrival of Cuban outfielder Amaury Cazaña.
April 23, 2007: The Oilers' defense made a play Minatitlan very rarely seen in a baseball game as it is the play of the triple play.
It happened in the fourth inning of the third game of the series between the Oilers and the Olmecs of Tabasco, held in the Park "Centenario February 27" of Villahermosa, Tabasco .
The episode was initiated by connecting Adriana Sharnol Curaçaoan hit to left before the pitcher releases Edgar Perez, who immediately gave him walked Carlos Sievers and allowed an RBI double to Hernando Arredondo, with which he entered the register Adriana, then Oscar Ramirez was hit to load the bases.
With Sievers at third, second and Ramirez Arredondo first, Gilberto powerful Sotomayor took the first base line, where the first base Shammar Almeida was well placed to take the ball for the first out, immediately took two steps forward to stepping the initial to the second and finally pulled out throw to second base where he was the shortstop Ivan Bellazetín to tread the middle, where Arredondo started toward third before he could return for the third out.
April 25, 2007: in the park "Sport March 18, 1938" Minatitlan, Veracruz, was made the fastest game nine innings of the season, in game that lasted 2 hours and 18 minutes, with masterful pitching of Venezuelan Edwin Moreno and Shammar batting Almeida, who hit 4-3, three runs scored and also stole a base, Minatitlan defeated the Oilers 7-1 Tigres de Quintana Roo to tie the series.
By Minatitlan pitchearon Edwin Moreno and American Chris Russ, while the Tigers Pablo Ortega and Eder Llamas, did not grant the four walks.
April 28, 2007: the exligamayorista Burgara Guillermo Velasquez joined Minatitlan Oilers came on loan for the remainder of the season from the Pericos de Puebla, with whom bateó.228, 2HR and 17 RBIs in 28 challenges in those who participated in this same campaign.
April 29, 2007: coaches and players from the Oilers Minatitlan, Petronila addition, the official mascot of the club, lived with children in the southern region of the state of Veracruz, who celebrated in advance on the occasion of Children's Day prior to the third game of the series against the Lions of Yucatán .
May 2007
May 8, 2007: the intermediatist Grimaldo Martinez is the absolute leader in most games played mark in all-time with 2,004 second base, leaving Jose Manuel Ortiz in a game that the Oilers beat Minatitlan 8 - 4 to the Olmecs of Tabasco in the first of the series in the park "March 18, 1938".
May 10, 2007: Policy Minatitlan Oilers held to all the mothers of the southern region of the state of Veracruz in this your day in the park "March 18, 1938", prior to the third game of the series against the Olmecs of Tabasco. About 150 "queen of the home" received a floral arrangement to admission to the property, and gave them a cake and soda, and they sang the traditional mañanitas.
May 15, 2007: Oscar FENTANES homered only during the 2007 season, which was also field homer was in the "Foro Sol" to the Mexico Red Devils of the fourth inning against the pitching of Martin Sotelo. In episode Cuban Amaury is Cazaña walked, then reached second base out to the middle of Shammar Oscar Almeida and then pulled FENTANES powerful line to center the gardener to the area, Daniel Fernandez, could not hold and spread the ball to the center field wall that momentarily tied the score at three runs.
May 19, 2007: In the longest extra-inning game of the season, and perhaps the most dramatic, the Oilers won in 13 chapters Minatitlan the Veracruz Rojos del Aguila with a 2-1 slate in the park "Beto Avila "Jarocho port. Won José Félix Navarro and David Sinohui pedal with Roberto Barradas rescue in a matchup of three hours and 49 minutes.
May 24, 2007: selections were formed North and South Zone who faced the first to June 3 in the 75vo. Star Game Mexican Baseball League which was held at the University Sports Park "Beto Ávila" in the city of Veracruz .
In the combined South Zone were selected by the Oilers Minatitlan outfielder pitcher Santiago Gonzalez and right-hander Edwin Moreno.
June 2007
June 20, 2007: the club's board announced that Ramon Arano Bravo, the biggest winner of all time in the Mexican League (LMB), joined the coaching staff Minatitlan Oilers as pitching coach.
June 25, 2007: A wild pitch from Oswaldo Verdugo pitcher Yucatán Lions in the first game of the series in the park "March 18, 1938" crashed FENTANES Oscar's body.
The pitch made for the bottom of the fifth inning, was hit 165 lifetime's race also called "Phantom of Cosamaloapan" so exceeded 164 Hector Espino Gonzalez, who owned the previous mark.
June 27, 2007: In a match that lasted four hours and 20 minutes, the longest nine innings of the season, Yucatán Lions overpowered the Oilers 15-5 Minatitlan one June 26, 2007 in the park " Sports March 18, 1938 ", where a seven races in the fateful seventh inning, where he excelled three-run homer in the ninth in order, Alan Arredondo gave the victory and the series to the Lions.
July 2007
July 20, 2007: Venezuelan right-hander Edwin Moreno left the Oilers Minatitlan to enroll with the organization leaguer of the San Diego Padres who drafted him with the Missionaries of San Antonio, a subsidiary of Dual Class "A". The "Creole" leaves with 8-3 record and 2.71 ERA.
July 23, 2007: Abelardo Vega is sacked as manager of the Oilers Minatitlan after a brand of 35 games won and 68 lost.
July 24, 2007: Policy Minatitlan Oilers announced the appointment of Puerto Rican Edgar "Eddie" Castro Rivera as interim manager following the dismissal of Abelardo Vega.
July 29, 2007: Martinez Grimaldo reached 2,000 career hits in his tenure in the Mexican League (LMB) to connect a home run during the first inning of the third game of the series against the Warriors in Oaxaca and last of the 2007 regular season.
January 2011
January 19, 2011: Begin development team's official website at: www.petrolerosdeminatitlan.mx, a site that provides information, statistics, live feeds, galleries, videos, wallpapers, and other relevant information for fans king of sports.

</doc>
<doc id="18645636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645636" title="Fuck You">
Fuck You

Fuck You may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18645639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645639" title="Just Another Asshole">
Just Another Asshole

Just Another Asshole was a short-lived no wave art/music/sound art magazine publication project launched from the Lower East Side of Manhattan in the early 1980s. It was edited by Barbara Ess and Glenn Branca.
Just Another Asshole: The Book.
Anthologies played a major part in defining the various attitudes of downtown no wave work. "Just Another Asshole" #6 is often cited as one of these seminal writing compilations. Edited with Glenn Branca, the sixth issue of this downtown magazine outlines the variety of styles and aesthetics that were developing in the early 1980s. Included in the issue are works by Kathy Acker, Eric Bogosian, Mitch Corber, Brian Buczak, Jenny Holzer, Cookie Mueller, Richard Prince, Joseph Nechvatal, Judy Rifka, David Rattray, Kiki Smith, Lynne Tillman, Anne Turyn, Ann Rower, Reese Williams, David Wojnarowicz, and others.
Just Another Asshole: The LP.
"Just Another Asshole" #5 (1981) was a compilation anthology LP that was released in 1981. A CD reissue was released in 1995 on Atavistic Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18645661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645661" title="Piratas de Campeche">
Piratas de Campeche

The Piratas de Campeche (English: Campeche Pirates) are a AAA-level baseball team playing in the Mexican League LMB based in Campeche, Campeche, Mexico.
History.
The team was founded in 1980, playing in Venustiano Carranza Park, then had its headquarters in Leandro Dominguez Park, Venustiano Carranza, while Park was refurbished and is now known as the folksy idol Nelson Barrera.
Campeche has won two championships during its history, both times having to face Francisco "Tiny" Estrada, and has been precisely his number, 25, the only hearty withdrawn by the ninth, won the first championship season 1983 and the second in the 2004 season, highlighting the offensive Poderozo reinforcements Willis Otañez size and Emil Brown among others, as well as reliable serpentine body headed by the pitching triple champion Campos Francisco "Pancho Punch" and the handover of Isidro Márquez.
"Tiny" Estrada is listed as the best manager and best catcher in your dream team, with Ramon Lora at first base, second Fernando Villaescusa, Leo Hernandez Felipe Gutierrez third base and at shortstop. Among his best players have Isidro Herrera, Mike Cole and Donald Ray Cosey with Roy Johnson at DH and Herminio Dominguez as his best pitcher.
The current edition of the team was moved from Nuevo Laredo in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18645664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645664" title="Type C4-class ship">
Type C4-class ship

The Type C4 class ship were the largest cargo ships built by the United States Maritime Commission (MARCOM) during World War II. The design was originally developed for the American-Hawaiian Lines in 1941, but in late 1941 the plans were taken over by the MARCOM. 
Seventy-five ships were built as cargo and troopships in three shipyards: Kaiser Richmond, CA (35 ships), Kaiser Vancouver, WA (20 ships) and Sun SB & DD in Chester PA (20 ships). 
All ships were capable of 17 knots, driven by a single screw steam turbine generating 9,900 shp.
Among the variations of the design were the Haven class hospital ship.
They were followed post-war by thirty-seven of the larger C4-S-1 class, also known as the "Mariner" class.

</doc>
<doc id="18645669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645669" title="Planta Margarine">
Planta Margarine

Planta is a brand of margarine produced by Unilever for several markets around the world. Planta is a fortified margarine consisting mainly of palm oil as the main ingredient, which is high in saturated fat.
History.
Planta was the first margarine to be imported into Malaysia in 1930. With an estimated market share of over 50% within Malaysia, it is now a widely used ingredient in a variety of local and Malaysian style cuisines such as Chicken Rice, Roti Canai (or roti planta), roadside burgers, local coffee and a large selection of cakes, pastries and desserts. 
In August 1960, two people from the Netherlands died eating Planta-brand margarine, with the cause directed at the use of a new additive.

</doc>
<doc id="18645674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645674" title="Ireland at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Ireland at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Ireland competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. Ireland sent 45 athletes, competing in 9 sports. The country's flagbearer at the Games' opening ceremony was Patrice Dockery.
Archery.
Sean Heary was Ireland's sole representative in this sport.
Athletics.
Ireland sent ten representatives in athletics, including John McCarthy, Michael McKillop, Jason Smyth and Patrice Dockery.
Boccia.
Ireland sent four representatives in boccia, including Gabriel Shelly.
Cycling.
Ireland sent four representatives in cycling: Cathal Miller, Enda Smyth, Michael Delaney and Catherine Walsh. The team was managed by Denis Toomey who competed in the tandem event in Athens and made great strides in cycling in Ireland for disabled athletes
Equestrian.
Eilish Byrne was Ireland's one representative, competing in dressage with horse Youri.
Football.
Ireland was represented in football.
Sailing.
Five Irish athletes competed in the following events in sailing:
Swimming.
Ireland sent six representatives in swimming, including Dave Malone, Ellen Keane and Darragh McDonald.
Table tennis.
Ireland sent two representatives in table tennis, including Kathleen Reynolds.

</doc>
<doc id="18645677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645677" title="Rainer Maria Latzke">
Rainer Maria Latzke

Rainer Maria Latzke (born December 28, 1950) is a German artist working in the field of trompe l'oeil and mural painting. He taught at the Utah State University and is founder of the Institute of Frescography. Latzke is Honorary Professor of the Shanghai Institute of Visual Art of Fudan University and Master of the Beijing DeTao Masters Academy. Latzke is ranked by Artists Trade Union of Russia amongst the world-best artists of the last four centuries. He is a cousin of Polish entrepreneur Jan Kulczyk, Poland´s biggest private taxpayer of personal income tax.
Life.
Rainer Maria Latzke was born in Germany in 1950. He was raised near Cologne along with his 8 siblings by his Father Alfons, an art teacher, and his mother Lisa who was also an artist. His father´s family comes from Poland, while his mother was a born Kohlschütter, a family of famous scientists such as Arnold and Ernst Kohlschütter. Latzke studied art, Philosophy, and Educational Science at Johannes Gutenberg University in Mainz Germany, and then continued Art studies from 1972 to 1976 at the Düsseldorf Academy of Fine Arts under the supervision of Joseph Beuys and Gerhard Richter.
In 1974 he was awarded a Master Degree in Pedagogy, Philosophy and in 1976 the title of a Master Student as well as a Master Degree in Arts. After holding lectures on Art at Colleges in his home town, he traveled to Italy in 1980 where he studied Renaissance painting techniques and fresco painting in Florence and Rome. 
In 1981 he married Doris Boecke, with whom he had three children, Rene Marcus (born 1981), who is married to English artist Paula Hammond, Katharina Maria (born 1983) and Maurice Amadeus (born 1985). In 2008 his first grandchild, Tristan Francis, was born to Katharina who is married to US citizen Paul Smith.
In 1982 his career as a Muralist started to advance: His collaboration with Harrods in London opened doors to prominent clients, like royal families in the Middle East. He was commissioned by major corporations like Mercedes Benz, for whom he designed the artwork for their 100 year celebration exhibition "Welt Mobil", and prominent rock bands like The Scorpions, for whom he created the computer-controlled electronic mural "Night over Manhattan".
In 1992 he was elected as outstanding person in the field of mural painting by "Forbes" magazine in the article "Stars of tomorrow - cultural trendsetters with major input of the decade".
In 1984 Latzke acquired the 1760 built "Chateau Thal" in Kettenis, Belgium and restored the 38-room castle with several murals. He taught mural painting to numerous apprentices and students in the castle's studio, which led to a new Renaissance of wall painting in contemporary Interior Design. 
After his move to Monte Carlo in 1995 he acquired the historic "Villa Paradou" the former residence of late Henri Chrétien, the Oscar winning inventor of the Cinemascope technique, in 1998. The Villa was built by French architect Charles Garnier who also built the Opera of Paris and the Casino of Monte Carlo. Latzke restored the abandoned villa and added new murals to the already existing frescoes. 
In 1998 he published the book "Traumwelten - Die Kunst der Dritten Dimension" and in 1990 "Dreamworlds, the making of a room with illusionary painting".
There he also continued his work in developing new techniques for the production and reproduction of murals, which he had started in Belgium in 1988, and for which he received a patent in 2000.
He also engaged himself in music, composing songs and lyrics, and worked together with South France studio musicians and Phil Palmer, who also worked with Roger Daltrey, and the Dire Straits.
Rainer Maria Latzke is Director of the Institute of Frescography, a research and educational Nonprofit organization for mural art.
Frescography.
In the late '80s Rainer Maria Latzke began to develop new techniques for the production of murals, which led to the invention of the Frescography and the CAM Software. This patented technique consists of a computer programme, the Dreamworlds Design Studio, which allows the user to assemble individual mural designs using a large selection of cut-out images. Prior to starting a design the dimensions of the wall are entered into the software to create a workspace reflecting the project wall. The designs are then transferred in the artist's studio onto a single canvas in wall size and then attached on site using a similar procedure as with wallpaper. Frescographies take only a few hours to design on the computer, and are produced and delivered within a short period of time (2– 4 weeks). Retailers advertise that the product is as close as possible to a perfect mural. It is currently being sold by over 300 franchisees in Europe. Frescographies can be seen in public buildings such as the Vienna Rathaus (Vienna Town Hall) or the world's largest sailboat, the Royal Clipper.
There are currently around 300 Dealers in Europe distributing Latzke's Frescographies under the brand name Frescomaster.
Institute of Frescography.
In 2009 Rainer Maria Latzke founded the Institute of Frescography (IOF). The IOF is an officially recognized (NFP) institution; its mission is the improvement of public knowledge and interest in the art of mural and fresco painting. It also researches on art history, digital reproduction, printing processes and materials, and restoration techniques of mural art.
In cooperation with the German Zentralinstitut für Kunstgeschichte the IOF houses a 40,000 images archive of European wall and mural paintings. The archive covers the period between the Gothic ages to the end of the 19th century. 
Another IOF archive, the "World of Ornaments" consists of 5,000 motifs based on the two greatest encyclopedic collections of ornament from the 19th century chromo-lithographic tradition: Auguste Racinet's L"'Ornement polychrome Volumes I and II" from 1875–1888 and "M. Dupont-Auberville's L'Ornement des tissus" from 1877.
The IOF also is participating in museum and exhibition projects of mural and fresco art. The institute has a subsidiary at the campus of the Shanghai Institute of Visual Art in the Songjiang University Town, Shanghai, China.

</doc>
<doc id="18645679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645679" title="MCCD">
MCCD

MCCD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18645692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645692" title="Malaysia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Malaysia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Malaysia sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.
Medallists.
The country won one medal, a bronze.
Events.
Sailing.
Malaysians competed in the following event in sailing:

</doc>
<doc id="18645735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645735" title="Rojos del Águila de Veracruz">
Rojos del Águila de Veracruz

The Rojos del Águila de Veracruz (English: Veracruz Red Eagles) are a AAA-level baseball team playing in the Mexican League.
They play at the Estadio Universitario Beto Ávila in Veracruz, Veracruz.
History.
The game of baseball in Veracruz was driven by American and British oil companies, settled in the city in the early twentieth century. For obvious reasons they first promoted this sport among employees, producing the first games of baseball.
Bosses and managers of these U.S. companies played baseball, and the people of Veracruz was interested in this sport, hence the employees began to have games with the bosses. These in turn were encouraged to purchase uniforms for employees, even in those who from that time predominated and red.
The oil company had more interest in promoting baseball in the harbor among employees was that of the Eagle, and this was an historic moment in local baseball because they were born here precisely the Veracruz Rojos del Aguila, on September 16 of 1903 .
Beginnings.
The team Veracruz is one of the most traditional of the Mexican League, which won the bicampeonato in seasons of 1937 and 1938, precisely when it began keeping statistics in the LMB, the Cuban Agustín Green was the manager who gave that pair club championship at Buenos Aires. Subsequently they won titles corresponding to the seasons of 1952 and 1961, both under the direction of Cuban Santos Amaro, and also Cuban Enrique Izquierdo won the fifth pennant in the campaign of 1970 .
Since its inception, the "Eagle" played in Veracruz Sports Park until 1986, when he retired from the league, the campaign back in 1992, adopting its headquarters in the University Sports Park "Beto Ávila" . The "Eagle" is one of the most recognized clubs in the Mexican League, and the names of the magnates Machado Carlos Rubio and Paul have been relevant in the squad Veracruz.
Titles.
1937.
"THE FIRST CHAMPIONSHIP"
In 1937, the Rojos del Aguila de Veracruz get the first title in its history under the command of the Cuban Agustín Green, in an official championship and inaugural LMB . The Eagle of Veracruz was champion thanks to the outstanding performance of Martin Dihigo, both the pitching mound and in the batter's box, and by the wise leadership of Augustine Green. The Full Roster was: Augustine "Pijini" Bejarano, Felino Cardenas Estaquillo Martinez, Martin "El Maestro" Dihigo, Francisco Medina, Alberto Cornejo, Nero Arjona, Donato "Toco" Aldama, Ramon Michelena, Antonio Tenorio, Julian Ramirez Pajón and Augustine Green for field players. While Pitchers were: Gustavo Ortiz, Martin Dihigo, Sabas Mora and Carlos Rubio. The top winner was win-loss record Sabas Mora with a percentage of 7-0 and ERA of 2.09, while no less important victories that gave the title to the Eagle were made by Martin Dihigo, who won the 3 games in a row that the team played against Veracruz Mexico Agrarian series to win the bonus.
1938.
"THE IMMORTAL Dihigo"
Undoubtedly, in 1938 if a ballplayer was honorable mention was the Cuban Martin Dihigo, who began to back the team to achieve the second title in the history of the Eagle again directed by Agustín Green . Dihigo individual numbers were strong, both in batting and pitching. In the batting department achieved the highest percentage of .387, and virtually swept the pitching department with 18 wins and 2 losses and an impressive percentage of earned runs allowed of 0.90 and 184 strikeouts. That championship was won by the following players: Martin "El Maestro" Dihigo, Silvio Garcia, Jacinto Roque, Manuel Salvatierra, Nero Arjona, José Luis Gómez Rodríguez, Donato "Toco" Aldama, Raul "Chicalón" Mendez, Jorge Rosas, Alberto Cornejo, Amado Alvarez and Julian "handjob" Ramirez for field players. And the pitchers were: Martin Dihigo, Julian Ramirez, Silvio Garcia, Tirso de Anda and Raul Mendez.
1952.
"THE CROWN OF 1952"
The third team title in the LMB, was obtained from the hand of another star Cuban as it was Santos "The Kangaroo" Amaro . In this campaign, Santos Amaro as player-manager led the team to another title with the help of the likes of Rene Gonzalez, who achieved the highest batting average with .370 and Peter "Charrascas" Ramirez, Mario Ariosa, Antonio Castanon, Charles White, Earl "Red Skin" Taborn, Guillermo "Huevito" Alvarez, Reynaldo Green, Gonzalo "The Blackout" Morales, Ricardo "Chamaco" Garza, Rafael "Chino" Lopez, Jaime "El Loco" Abad, Manuel Fuentes, Octavio Favela, Ernesto Cortes, Federico Cortes, Isidro Ortiz and Santos Amaro himself as field players. In the pitching department, the top guy in that season was William "Don Pants" Lopez, who had won 19 numbers for 8 lost, and a percentage of 2.94 ERA, pitching important followed as Lino Donoso (18 - 11), Guadalupe Ortegón, Fernando Sanchez, Pedro Ramirez and Hector Moreno Marín "Pepino" Azamar.
1961.
"THE POWER OF PINKSTON"
Nine years had to elapse before the Eagle Reds return to winning a pennant LMB, this time was conquered in 1961 again under the leadership of the Cuban Santos Amaro. This season, the Magic came thumper tremendous States Alfred Pinkston joining from the Diablos Rojos del Mexico, who with solid work in the batting order, led him to the Eagle to conquer a new championship. Pinkston, according to their numbers and those who were fortunate enough to see him play, was tremendous player, then hit .374 this year, would also highlight the work of the Cuban explosive Witremundo "Witti" Quintana that year was the champion of runs of the league with 23 homers. Equally important in this season were the following batters were above .300 percentage: Asdrubal Baro, Miguel "Pilo" Gaspar and William Berzunza, followed by below average magic Felipe Montemayor, Ernesto "Natas" Garcia, Paul Bernard, Mario Ariosa, Ramiro Caballero, Witremundo Quintana, Ronaldo "Ronnie" Camacho, Mario Luna, Juan de Dios Hernández Esquivel and Felipe Villareal. On the pitch, was born a "legend" pillar to achieving the team won that season as it was Ramon "Three Skates" Arano, who managed record of 11 won by 3 losses and a percentage of 3.72 ERA, also followed good work: Jesus Williams (11-8), Lino Donoso (10-6), Silvio Castellanos (14-14), Rodolfo Alvaro (11-6), Guillermo Lopez, Aubrey Grigsbi, Pablo Montes de Oca Lazarus Uscanga, Guillermo Vazquez, Pedro Julián Ladera and Montane.
1970.
"THE FIFTH CHAMPIONSHIP"
Like a cabal or something predestined, also spent another 9 years until 1970 for her to get another championship again. This time, the Red Eagle was directed once again by a Cuban, Enrique Izquierdo who managed to lead them to the championship. Shone important figures, that's for sure, but overall it was a year even as individual accomplishments, if any highlighting the work of the Cuban Rogelio "El Borrego" Alvarez who with 33 runs was the league champion in that department in addition to batting .288 percentage. There were three players who hit over .300 percentage: Emilio Sosa (.328), Roberto "The Engineer" Ortiz (.305) and Rolando Waiter (.304). In addition to other hitters as Nicholas Vazquez, Rogelio Alvarez, Francisco Rodriguez Ituarte, Wilfredo Arano, Francisco Chavez, Enrique Izquierdo, Jose Manuel Hernandez, Porfirio Ruiz, Tobias Santos, Rufino Reyes, Jose Reyes Cruz, Joaquin Santiago, Nathaniel Alvarado, Ernesto García, Olindo Rojas, Octavio Salgado, Octavio Orozco, Hector Rodriguez, Esteban Valtierra and Carlos Burgos. In the pitching highlighted: Jesus Rizales (12-6), Cesar Diaz (10-8), Alberto Osorio (10-7), Luis Malpica (9-9), Blas Mazon (13-13) and Ramiro Muñoz, Rene Chavez, Francisco Lopez, Octavio Salgado, Hector Brito, Raul Balcazar, Juan de Jesus Quintana, Juan Burgos and Felipe Antonety.
The competitive level was high in this campaign with the participation of 10 teams divided into two zones, the South and the North, where they gave the championship series between the zone leaders or champions in each sector. Los Rojos del Aguila de Veracruz were imposed in the final series to the Diablos Rojos del Mexico by 4 games to 2 in the missing crowned Sports Park Veracruz to the noise of the home crowd.
2012.
"THE SIXTH STAR"
After 42 years of drought, and preceded by a great season as was that of 2011 when they reached the ALCS the South Zone, the Rojos del Aguila de Veracruz managed to win the championship of the Mexican League for the sixth time in its history. With the team's base in 2011, and with the addition of great players in the final stretch of the season as the Dominican Lorenzo Barcelo, which was chosen as the MVP of the Final Series ("Series of the King"), mark and ended with six wins and no losses in the postseason, and the Venezuelan Frank Diaz, Puerto Rican Carlos Rivera and Veracruz José Cobos, the Red Bird was able to form a very solid team. In addition to the 4 reinforcements mentioned names like George "The Black" Guzman, the Venezuelan José Castillo, the Jarocho Humberto Sosa, Jose Guadalupe Chavez, Jose Castaneda, the Veracruz Enrique "The Viper" Osorio, Jose Orozco, Carlos Ibarra, Leo Rodriguez, Francisco Rivera Veracruz, the Mexican naturalized Venezuelan Pedro Castilian, the Curaçao Sharnol Adriana naturalized Mexican, plus rookies Yoshio Angel Torres and Cesar in the area of the hitters, and pitchers Thomas Solis, who was the leader of victories of the season, the Dominican Jailen Peguero, who was the leader of the campaign saves, Victor Alvarez, Manuel Flores, Veracruz Rodolfo Aguirre, Hector "El Choco" Navarro, Leo Moreno, the Veracruz Carlos Santamaria, Luis de la O and juveniles Remberto Romo, Jesus Barraza and Jose Dominguez, their names embroidered in gold letters being the Roster of players who achieved sixth star for the Reds Eagle.
Special mention deserves the manager Peter Mere, who took the team shortly after half a season. The "Prince of Mango", continued the work begun by the Puerto Rican Orlando Merced, which was suspended by the league the rest of the campaign. Mere, who had been preceded by having achieved three championships with the Witches of Los Tuxtlas in Veracruz Winter League, was crowned as manager in his debut in the Mexican Baseball League, as well as becoming the first Mexican leader who does the Ave Red, as the team five previous championships Jarocho were under the leadership of managers Cubans .
On Wednesday August 29 of 2012 will go down in history as the day will be remembered because Port Red Machine won his sixth championship, defeating the seventh game in the series to Rieleros de Aguascalientes by 8-1 in a packed University Sports Park "Beto Ávila" .
Now the Veracruz Rojos del Águila in their windows presumed Zaachila Cup trophy LMB champion.
On Friday August 31 of 2012 and the culmination of the great season of Red Eagle, LMB champions 2012, were received by Governor Javier Duarte de Ochoa, later toured the port's main boulevard to thank the support of his hobby.
Duarte gave a reception to the new kings of the LMB in the Hall of Flags. Then there was a meal where the players lived with the governor and with the directors of Red Bird.
At 18 hours, there was a Mass of Thanksgiving at the University Sports Park "Beto Ávila", and the edge of the 20 hours, a convoy with LMB champions paraded through the main streets of the port, where thousands of fans gathered to cheer on their idols. The caravan with new Zaachila Cup holders ran from the Plaza of the Securities to the Malecon Macroplaza.
Note that due to the great performance that had the pitcher Tom LMB Solis was appointed as the Pitcher of the Year, also the Dominican Jailen Peguero was recognized as the Reliever of the year. Finally, in the framework of the XLII Mexican Baseball National Convention held in Villahermossa, Tabasco, Jose Antonio Mansur Galán, Chairman of the Board of Directors of Red Eagle won Executive of the Year trophy.
Decade of the 80s.
After the mid-70's, Pablo Machado who was then the owner of the team decided to take the Eagle to become the Rieleros de Aguascalientes, in the early 80's the team returned to port Veracruz, and during that span the ninth had among its ranks the likes managers Pazos Fernando Sosa, Armando Rodriguez, "Beto" Avila, Mario Ariosa and Carlos Sosa Lagunes, but the team went unnoticed until season 1986, when at that time Evelio Brito, team owner dismantled the same mid-season to finally disappear him at the end of that campaign.
Emphasized during that period the likes of: George Brunet, Blas Santana, Fernando Elizondo, Vicente Palacios and Hector Madrigal and others.
Decade of the 90s.
After an absence of six years, the Red Eagle returned to Veracruz in 1992 under the auspices of the organization of Vicente Perez Avellá, and with the support of Dante Delgado Rannauro governor at the time, Perez Avellá, kept the team competitively during the seasons of 1993 and 1994 .
In 1993, the Reds qualified for the postseason, but lost to the Diablos Rojos del Mexico by 4 games to 0 in the first round of play-off .
In 1994, the team qualified to play-off second in the South, and won the first postseason series in a "heart" to the Campeche Pirates of 4 games to 3 to a packed University Sports Park "Beto Ávila" which is the seat of Eagle since 1992, but fell sharply in the end zone before the Mexico Red Devils 4-0.
For the season of 1995, and without the support of the state governor then Patricio Chirinos Calero, the team was dismantled in mid-season, to finally migrate the port and become the Oilers Poza Rica to the campaign of 1996 .
During the period of 1992 to 1995, noted players as the Dominican Manny Hernandez, Miguel Muñoz, Juan Luevano, Leo Meza, Heriberto Garcia, the U.S. Matt Stark and Carlos "El Gato" Gastelum and others. In addition to the debut of Rodrigo Lopez in the LMB .
By the end of 1998, and the beginning of his term of governor Miguel Aleman Velasco, was announced the return of the Eagle after 4-year absence for the season 1999 of the LMB, the state government acquired the franchise of the Maya Chetumal . By orders of the governor, were appointed Antonio Chedraui Mafud as president of the organization, and Gustavo Souza Escamilla as the General Manager.
2000s.
During the management of Antonio Chedraui and Gustavo Souza, is managed to qualify for the postseason on only two occasions, which were in the campaigns of the year 2000 and the year 2002 .
In 2000, the Eagle began giving a big surprise to get 2 sets to 0 on the mighty Red Devils of Mexico, but the Pingos won the next four games leaving the feathered out in the first round of the play-off .
In 2002, the Reds again rated the play-off, however the Port were swept by the Oaxaca Warriors 4 games to 0 in the first round of the Postseason.
During 1999 to 2004, highlighted some players like Eleazar Mora, Luis Fernando "Freckles" Morales, Alfredo "Tyson" Meza, the American Mark Whiten and Venezuelan Lino Connel among others.
By the end of 2004, at the beginning of his term of Governor Fidel Herrera Beltran, and after a series of rumors about the possible departure of the team once again the Port, the state government conducted a public opinion survey to determine the future team. At the end of the survey, it was determined that the team would still be owned by 51% to ensure they stay in Veracruz, and sold the remaining 49% stake in Grupo Empresarial Denim sports consultant whose Mansur was Jose Antonio Beltran, but this partnership with Denim Group lasted only one season, which was the year 2005, later leaving the team management in the hands of José Antonio Beltrán Mansur, owner of 49% shares of the club today.
During this administration, has been achieved only qualify for the playoffs only once, that it was in his first year of administration in the year 2005 .
In 2005, the "Eaglets" rated as sixth place in the South (In that season qualified 6 teams per zone), having a career "parejera" against the Pericos de Puebla to get the last ticket to the postseason, to which were left out by the domain tiebreaker between the teams, despite having had the same win-loss percentage between the two squads. However, the dream ended quickly for the locals to fall again by sweep against the Tigers Angelópolis 4-0 in the first round of the playoffs, adding to that 12-game losing streak in elimination play-off for the organization feathered.
During the current administration, the players who have excelled and have identified with the fans are the Dominican Otáñez Willis, Emigdio Lopez and Santiago "El Tato" Gonzalez . For the season 2008 the team reached the former "bigleaguer" Jose Offerman .
Current decade.
So far in this decade, Eagle Reds have been light and shade with respect to their sports, as in the 2010 season had one of their worst seasons to obtain a record of 39 won by 66 lost, and a percentage of 371. Being also the penultimate of the league just above the Owls of Nuevo Laredo, which played .308 percentage. Despite the poor season, highlighted the Dominican Victor Diaz and Jorge Guzman, leader and deputy leader of runs in the LMB with 29 and 22 respectively. In addition, the Dominican was also the leader of careers produced with 96.
For the 2011 season, the Reds were in draft of players who made the LMB Francisco Mendez and Manuel Bobadilla, both from the Dorados de Chihuahua . subsequently made of the services of experienced pitcher Juan Acevedo. These reinforcements, combined with some good players already the club, made the Buenos Aires team got the third place in the South Zone with a record of 54 won by 49 lost, and a percentage of .524. Furthermore, the Eaglets were the best group in the league pitching with a 4.24 ERA. All this under the direction of Manager cardelense Daniel Fernandez, who was hired for this campaign.
In the single line for the second consecutive season the team Jarocho had among its ranks the leader runs the LMB, this time the Ensenada Jorge Guzman hit 39 homers. Worth mentioning that in addition to the home run lead, the "Black" won record of more Guzmán Home runs connected by an Eagle player, surpassing the 33 who had previously managed the Cuban Rogelio "Borrego" Alvarez in 1970, and American Mark Whiten in the 2001 season . In addition to Jorge Guzman who also managed 97 RBIs, some of the players who stood out in this campaign were Victor Diaz, who hit 34 homers and got 89 RBIs and the Pitcher Joel Vargas who scored 11 wins and an ERA of 3.60.
In the first round of the playoffs, the Red Bird faced the Campeche Pirates, whom he defeated in a tight series of 4 games to 3, achieving qualification for the Championship Series Southern Zone as a visitor, in the Estadio Nelson Barrera Romellón of Campeche, Campeche . Note that the Red Machine Port not won a playoff series since the campaign of 1994, which coincidentally defeated the Pirates in 7 games themselves, only on that occasion were classified as local in the University Sports Park "Beto Ávila" of Veracruz, Veracruz . Unfortunately in the Championship Series Southern Zone, locals Reds lost to the Quintana Roo Tigers for 4 games to 2, thus ending a great season for the club Veracruz .
At the conclusion of the regular role of the current 2012 season, the Buenos Aires team finished in second place in the South Zone with a record of 67 wins, 44 lost and a tie game for a percentage of .604, was also the best pitching group of the league with a 3.69 ERA, winning this department for the second consecutive season. Collective pitching also had 12 shutouts, while also achieving the league lead in this area. Another of the categories he won the pitching team were feathered with 990.2 innings pitched, and the saves with 36, the latter shared with the Olmec of Tabasco . It is noteworthy that the last time the squad porteña had played up to .600 was in 1952, 60 years ago when they were champions for the third time in the circuit.
In the single line, the pitcher mochitense Thomas Solis scored the lead with 2 shutouts, and games won at the end with 14-4 win-loss record, a title he shared (games won) with the pitcher Monterrey Humberto Montemayor the Rieleros de Aguascalientes, which ended with a 14-6 record. Besides also told the leader of the league saves in the person of Dominican Jailen Peguero, which won 35 rescues.
Apart from the three individual titles that got the feathered in the departments of shutouts, wins and saves, it is noteworthy that four of their starting pitchers (all season) the team gave him the opportunity to earn 41 wins out of 67 achieved in the tournament, and that apart from the 14 wins of Thomas Solis, Manuel Flores, who also emphasized won 11 games and lost 5, Victor Alvarez who won nine games and lost 2, and Rodolfo Aguirre won 7 games and lost 6, a revealing fact of good and consistent was the Red Bird pitching during the regular season.
Another point to note is that jarocha began the ninth season under Manager Puerto Rican Orlando Merced, which unfortunately was suspended by the league the rest of the campaign, by an act of indiscipline before the game between the Reds Eagle and the Diablos Rojos del Mexico, held on Sunday June 10 at the Foro Sol of Mexico City . Because of this situation, the former team's batting coach, Peter Mere Cardenas, had to take the helm of Veracruz ship.
Postseason 2012
In the first round of the playoffs, the Eaglets defeated the Olmecs of Tabasco for 4 games to 1, thus achieving the ALCS contest the South Zone for the second consecutive season.
In the NLCS the South Zone, the Red Bird defeated the Tigres de Quintana Roo for 4 games to 2, reaching the Final Series of the Mexican Baseball League ("King Series") after 42 years of absence. It destarcar the great performance that had the pitcher Dominican Lorenzo Barcelo, who chiseled monticulares jewelry couple in the ALCS South Zone, to help Red Eagle to get your passport to Serie del Rey Mexican League Baseball.
In Serie del Rey, Eagle Reds faced the Rieleros de Aguascalientes, whom they defeated in a tight final series 4 games to 3, achieving Jarocho team win their sixth championship in the Mexican League . The MVP trophy went to the pitcher Dominican Lorenzo Barcelo, who won two key victories in Serie del Rey. The nomination for Barceló, who finished the playoffs with 6-0 record, was a distinction just over Veracruz Humberto Sosa, who wore five gunboat produced in Game 4 and key batazos in Game 6, in the voting the press.

</doc>
<doc id="18645749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645749" title="Philippines at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Philippines at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Three athletes represented the Philippines in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. The 2-person keelboat sailing team of Pedro Sollique and Cherry Pinpin were based in the seaport city of Qingdao while Adeline Dumapong was in Beijing for powerlifting. The Philippine Paralympic delegation was headed by PhilSPADA-NPC, with support from the Philippine Sports Commission and the Philippine Olympic Committee.
Sailing.
The Philippines first Paralympic Sailing Team competed on the 2-person keelboat (SKUD 18), which also made its official debut in the Paralympics. The only Paralympic class keelboat with a spinnaker, was, for this event, emblazoned with the national flag of each country. Pedro Sollique, paraw fisherman from Virac, Catanduanes was SKUD helm while crew Cherry Pinpin, a creative director from Quezon City trimmed sails and flew the spinnaker. The Philippine flag spinnaker was a generous, timely donation by an anonymous Australian businessman. 
The Sailing competition of the Beijing 2008 Paralympic Games took place on the Yellow Sea, Qingdao, from September 8 to September 13. The Qingdao International Sailing Centre served as measuring and decal application area, boat workspace, dock, public viewing areas and awards area. Qingdao, in eastern Shandong province, a seaside sailing city famous for its Tsingtao Beer, seafood and white sand beaches, is an hour's flight SE of Beijing. The rest of the Qingdao-based team was composed of Philippine Sailing Association National Coach Rico Albeso plus PHI Sailing team manager and Sailability Philippines President, Claudio Altura. 
The sailors had qualified the Philippines for the Summer Paralympics during the IFDS Two-Person Keelboat World Championship held March 2008, in Singapore. The SKUD 18 has already been approved for competition in the London 2012 Paralympics.
More info:
Note: CAN - Race cancelled • Races Sailed: 10 • Score Discards: 2 • Races counted: 8

</doc>
<doc id="18645757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645757" title="Linda Tillery">
Linda Tillery

Linda Tillery (born 1946) is an American singer and percussionist born in San Francisco.
History.
Tillery first came to prominence as the lead singer in San Francisco group The Loading Zone from 1968 to 1969. After that group split in 1970 she recorded her debut album for CBS Records, and worked as a studio musician through much of the 1970s, playing drums on albums by Santana, Mary Watkins, and Teresa Trull. She became a producer and staff artist at Olivia Records late in the decade, and released a second full-length on the label in 1978.
Her association with Olivia led her into the genre of women's music; she has collaborated with June Millington, Deirdre McCalla, Barbara Higbie, Holly Near, and Margie Adam, as well as with pop musicians like Kenny Loggins, Huey Lewis, and Bobby McFerrin.
In the 1990s, she began exploring African music, forming the group Cultural Heritage Choir. She also plays with her own band Skin Tight, a jazz/blues outfit.

</doc>
<doc id="18645758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645758" title="Guerreros de Oaxaca">
Guerreros de Oaxaca

The Guerreros de Oaxaca (English: Oaxaca Warriors) are a AAA-level baseball team playing in the Mexican League in Oaxaca de Juarez, Oaxaca, Mexico. Their home field is the Eduardo Vasconcelos Stadium.
History.
In October 1995 a group of businessmen, led by Alfredo Harp Helu, learned that the team Charros de Jalisco was unable to continue participating in the league. These businessmen saw the opportunity to move the team from Guadalajara to the city of Oaxaca and the project was officially presented at a meeting of directors of the Mexican League. The franchise change was officially accepted in December of that year and the new Warriors, as they were named, played their first game on March 14, 1996, under the direction of manager Alfredo 'Lefty' Ortiz. The directive gave the big surprise of recruiting the batter and historic figure in the league, Nelson Barrera, who came from Mexico.
Only in his third season took up with his first and so far only league title by sweeping the Monclova Steelers in the final series of the 1998 season.
Former Major League player Oscar Azócar played for the Warriors in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18645772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645772" title="Jesse Huta Galung">
Jesse Huta Galung

Jesse Huta Galung (born 6 October 1985 in Haarlem) is a professional Dutch tennis player.

</doc>
<doc id="18645779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645779" title="Gary Wilson (second baseman)">
Gary Wilson (second baseman)

James Garrett Wilson (January 12, 1879 – May 1, 1969) was a professional baseball player. He appeared in two games in Major League Baseball as a second baseman for the Boston Americans during the 1902 season. Listed at , 168 lb., Wilson batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Baltimore, Maryland.
Wilson was 23 years old when he entered the majors in 1902 with the Americans, appearing in place of regular second baseman Hobe Ferris on the last two days of the regular season. Wilson was a .182 hitter (2-for-11) with one RBI and did not hit for extra bases or score a run. 
In addition to his brief major league career, Wilson had an extensive career in minor league baseball. He played fourteen seasons in the minors, from 1897 until 1910, playing for various teams in New England and New York.
Wilson died in Randallstown, Maryland, at the age of 90.

</doc>
<doc id="18645811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645811" title="San Bernardino River">
San Bernardino River

The Rio San Bernardino, or San Bernardino River, begins in extreme southeastern Cochise County, Arizona, and is a tributary of the Bavispe River, in Sonora, Mexico. 
Watershed.
The Rio San Bernardino has two major tributaries, the Rio Agua Prieta and the Cajón Bonito. The river's headwaters are in extreme southeastern Cochise County, Arizona as Black Draw. From here the Rio San Bernardino flows south, crossing into Mexico east of Douglas, Arizona. In northern Sonora, the Cajón Bonito River joins the San Bernardino River in the San Bernardino Valley after draining the Sierra San Luis and northern end of the Sierra Madre Occidental. Next the Rio San Bernardino is joined by the Rio Agua Prieta which also begins in Cochise County, crossing south from Black Draw into Mexico at Agua Prieta and Douglas. The Rio Agua Prieta flows south and east to join the Rio San Bernardino, shortly after the Rio Agua Prieta meets up with the Rio Fronteras, the latter flowing north from near Nacozari de Garcia, Sonora. The San Bernardino River joins the Bavispe River at Morelos, Sonora at the northern end of the Sierra del Tigre. The Bavispe River flows south by southwest to the Yaqui River and eventually to the Gulf of California at Ciudad Obregon, Sonora.
Ecology.
North American beaver ("Castor canadensis") were documented by Leopold in 1977 in northern Mexico, and a 2000 survey found five breeding pairs of beavers on the Cajón Bonito River mostly in remote ranches without livestock. The authors of the latter study reported that local ranchers kill beavers because they fear felled trees will block roads. However, beavers are considered keystone species and ecosystem engineers, as their dams raise the water table and turn seasonal stretches of streams into perennial reaches, producing highly beneficial impacts on species abundance and diversity in the riparian zone. Beavers were also documented by Hendrickson et al. in 1978 on the Cajón Bonito.

</doc>
<doc id="18645813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645813" title="Kodak, Tennessee">
Kodak, Tennessee

Kodak is an unincorporated village in Sevier County, Tennessee. Kodak is located along State Highway 139, just west of State Highway 66, and just south of Interstate Highway 40 and Knoxville, Tennessee. The elevation of Kodak is about 896 feet (273 meters) above sea level.
Kodak was named in 1892 when the local postmaster, Harvey N. Underwood, learned of the new "Kodak" brand of camera. Underwood decided that this was a name that was easy to remember and spell, hence he sought permission from the founder of Eastman Kodak, George Eastman, to use this name for his village and its post office. Eastman granted this permission.

</doc>
<doc id="18645819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645819" title="Earl Richmond">
Earl Richmond

Earl Richmond (Real name John Dienn), was a broadcaster born in Highgate, London in 1928, he died in May 2001.
Earl first worked in radio on British Forces Radio in Trieste. He was also heard in Cyprus before moving to America to study Television.
His first job in Television was as Transmission Controller for Rediffusion in the 1950s. He then moved back into radio when Radio London started in 1964 to present the 9:00 A.M - 12:00 P.M slot, he was also the administrator on board the MV Galaxy radio ship that the station broadcast from. Earl stayed with the pirate station until the spring of 1966.
Earl then became a familiar voice on Yorkshire Television in the late 1960s and 1970s as a continuity announcer [http://tvannouncers.thetvroomplus.com/channel-43.html].
Incidentally, Yorkshire Television also hired Richmond's fellow Radio London DJs John Crosse and Paul Kaye as announcers, as well as Keith Martin from Radio Caroline and Terry Davis from Radio North Sea.
After leaving Yorkshire Television, he moved to Thailand to set up a production company and work on English-language radio in Bangkok. He was also involved in the Hotel trade and ran a restaurant called 'The Beefeater' before dying after a heart attack [http://www.offshoreradio.co.uk/djsq2r.htm#richmond.

</doc>
<doc id="18645829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645829" title="Deidre McCalla">
Deidre McCalla

Deidre McCalla is an American singer-songwriter from New York City. McCalla was raised around the folk music scene of McDougal Street in New York, where she began her career. In the 1990s, she moved to northern California. She has released several albums on the women's music label Olivia Records. 
She has worked with Teresa Trull, Mike Marshall, Linda Tillery, Bonnie Hayes, and other musicians. She has stated that she is a lesbian.

</doc>
<doc id="18645832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645832" title="Global Interdependence Center">
Global Interdependence Center

The Global Interdependence Center (GIC) is a Philadelphia-based non-profit organization that holds conferences and programming to increase global dialogue and promote free trade, in order to improve cooperation and understanding among nation states, with the goal of reducing international conflicts and improving worldwide living standards. Dr. William C. Dunkelberg serves as Chairman and Ben Craig serves as the Executive Director.
History.
The GIC was founded in 1976 during Philadelphia's Bicentennial Celebration at convocation of leading United Nations and U.S. officials. Its vision was affirmed in a Declaration of Interdependence, which was crafted by historian Henry Steele Commager and signed by international dignitaries. Early leaders in the organization included Nobel Laureate Dr. Lawrence Klein and Benjamin Franklin Professor of Economics and Finance at the University of Pennsylvania.
In December 2010, GIC established the Global Society of Fellows. Its members will continue the pursuit of the GIC mission by actively involving policymakers, market participants and scholars from around the world to address the pressing problems facing nations. The Society will identify emerging issues and convene business leaders, scholars and politicians, who will exchange ideas to address common problems and threats, making the case for cooperation and helping to implement policies to bring about constructive change. 
Notable programming.
The GIC hosts and sponsors many programs throughout the year, both in Philadelphia, where it is based, and abroad. Programming comprises international trips, domestic conferences and roundtable discussions. Included among these programs are:
Annual Monetary and Trade Conference: This gathering together of global leaders has been held since 1979. Past speakers include Paul Volcker, Chair of the International Accounting Standards Board and former Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, Lawrence Kudlow and Robert Hormats, noted free-market economists, as well as chief economists for the International Monetary Fund and representatives from global finance and trade organizations.
The Central Bankers Series: This event assembles well-known bankers to speak on their countries' monetary policies, their views on U.S. economics, and the business ramifications of monetary systems. Recent speakers have included Christian Noyer, Governor of the Banque de France and Richard Fisher, President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas.
GIC Abroad: Delegations have visited France, Ireland, Estonia, Chile, South Africa and Israel. Delegations generally include business leaders from Philadelphia as well as representatives from central banks of various nations.
Celebration of Interdependence: Formerly the Annual Black Tie Gala, the annual Celebration in Philadelphia sees the presentation of the Global Citizen Award to individuals who demonstrate exceptional service to the increasingly global community. Recent honorees include Anthony Santomero, former President of the Philadelphia Federal Reserve Bank, in 2005, Michael Heavener, executive Vice President and head of Wachovia Bank's Global Financial Institution and Trade Division, in 2006, Dr. Constantine Papadakis, President of Drexel University, in 2007, and Edward G. Boehne, former President of the Philadelphia Federal Reserve Bank, in 2008. Dr. Roger W. Ferguson Jr., President and CEO of TIAA-CREF, was awarded the Fred Heldring Global Leadership Award in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18645860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645860" title="Man-in-the-browser">
Man-in-the-browser

Man-in-the-browser (MITB, MitB, MIB, MiB), a form of Internet threat related to man-in-the-middle (MITM), is a proxy Trojan horse that infects a web browser by taking advantage of vulnerabilities in browser security to modify web pages, modify transaction content or insert additional transactions, all in a completely covert fashion invisible to both the user and host web application. A MitB attack will be successful irrespective of whether security mechanisms such as SSL/PKI and/or two or three-factor Authentication solutions are in place. A MitB attack may be countered by utilising out-of-band transaction verification, although SMS verification can be defeated by man-in-the-mobile (MitMo) malware infection on the mobile phone. Trojans may be detected and removed by antivirus software with a 23% success rate against Zeus in 2009, and still low rates in 2011. The 2011 report concluded that additional measures on top of antivirus were needed. A related, more simple attack is the boy-in-the-browser (BitB, BITB). The majority of financial service professionals in a survey considered MitB to be the greatest threat to online banking.
Description.
The man-in-the-browser threat was demonstrated by Augusto Paes de Barros in his 2005 presentation about backdoor trends "The future of backdoors - worst of all worlds". The name man-in-the-browser was coined by Philipp Gühring on 27 January 2007.
A MitB Trojan works by utilising common facilities provided to enhance browser capabilities such as Browser Helper Objects (a feature limited to Internet Explorer), browser extensions and user scripts (for example in JavaScript) etc. Antivirus software can detect some of these methods.
In a nutshell example exchange between user and host, e.g. an Internet banking transaction such as a funds transfer, the customer will always be shown, via confirmation screens, the exact payment information as keyed into the browser. The bank, however, will receive a transaction with materially altered instructions, i.e. a different destination account number and possibly amount. The use of strong authentication tools simply creates an increased level of misplaced confidence on the part of both customer and bank that the transaction is secure. Authentication, by definition, is concerned with the validation of identity credentials. This should not be confused with transaction verification.
Examples.
Examples of MitB threats on different operating systems and web browsers:
Protection.
Out-of-band transaction verification.
A theoretically effective method of combating any MitB attack is through an out-of-band (OOB) transaction verification process. This overcomes the MitB Trojan by verifying the transaction details, as received by the host (bank), to the user (customer) over a channel other than the browser; for example an automated telephone call, SMS, or a dedicated mobile app with graphical cryptogram. OOB transaction verification is ideal for mass market use since it leverages devices already in the public domain (e.g. landline, mobile phone, etc.) and requires no additional hardware devices yet enables three-factor authentication (utilising voice biometrics), transaction signing (to non-repudiation level) and transaction verification. The downside is that the OOB transaction verification adds to the level of the end-user's frustration with more and slower steps.
Man-in-the-mobile.
Mobile phone mobile Trojan spyware man-in-the-mobile (MitMo) can defeat OOB SMS transaction verification.
Web fraud detection.
Web Fraud Detection can be implemented at the bank to automatically check for anomalous behaviour patterns in transactions.
Antivirus.
Known Trojans may be detected, blocked and removed by antivirus software. In a 2009 study, the effectiveness of antivirus against Zeus was 23%, and again low success rates were reported in a separate test in 2011. The 2011 report concluded that additional measures on top of antivirus were needed.
Related attacks.
Proxy Trojans.
Keyloggers are the most primitive form of proxy Trojans, followed by browser-session recorders which capture more data, and lastly MitBs are the most sophisticated type.
Man-in-the-middle.
SSL/PKI etc. may offer protection in a man-in-the-middle attack, but offers no protection in a man-in-the-browser attack.
Boy-in-the-browser.
A related attack that is simpler and quicker for malware authors to set up is termed boy-in-the-browser (BitB or BITB). Malware is used to change the clients computer network routing to perform a classic man-in-the-middle attack. Once the routing has been changed, the malware may completely remove itself, making detection more difficult.
Clickjacking.
Clickjacking tricks a web browser user into clicking on something different to what the user perceives, by means of malicious code in the webpage.

</doc>
<doc id="18645865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645865" title="Fred Wenz">
Fred Wenz

Frederick Charles "Fireball" Wenz (born August 26, 1941 in Bound Brook, New Jersey) is a former middle relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from through for the Boston Red Sox (1968–69) and Philadelphia Phillies (1970). Listed at , 214 lb., he batted and threw right-handed. 
In 31 relief appearances, Wenz posted a 3–0 record with a 4.68 ERA and one save, giving up 22 runs (one unearned) on 36 hits and 25 walks while striking out 38 in 42 ⅓ innings of work.

</doc>
<doc id="18645871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645871" title="Duke of Ávila and Bolama">
Duke of Ávila and Bolama

This was a Portuguese Nobility title granted by King Luís I of Portugal to António José de Ávila, 1st Duke of Ávila and Bolama, a remarkable Portuguese politician and ambassador during the liberal period.
Originally, the title was granted, in 1864 as Count of Ávila (in Portuguese "Conde de Ávila") and it was successively upgraded, by the same King, to Marquis of Ávila and Bolama (in Portuguese Marquês de "Ávila e Bolama") in 1870, and finally by a royal decree dated from May 14, 1878, to Duke of Ávila and Bolama (in Portuguese "Duque de Ávila e Bolama"). 
This was the first Dukedom to be granted to a non-noble born person, once in Portugal the title of Duke was, traditionally, granted to members of high nobility, relatives of the Portuguese Royal Family, such as the second sons of monarchs.
Bibliography.
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil" – Vol. II, pages 348/351. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18645880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645880" title="Tain Thistle F.C.">
Tain Thistle F.C.

Tain Thistle Football Club are a football club playing in the Ross-shire Welfare Football League in Scotland. They play at Links Park in the town of Tain in the Scottish Highlands.
The club was formed in 1996, and joined the Ross-shire Welfare League in 1997. The club was accepted into the North Caledonian League in June 2008 and competed in league matches during the 2008–09 season, becoming the first Tain team to do so since the demise of Tain St Duthus three years earlier. The following season, Thistle competed in both league and cup competitions, confirming their full membership of the league.
Tain Thistle also appear in the multi-million selling game series, Football Manager 2009 and have been featured in several national newspapers for achieving the feat.
Achievements.
League.
The club have played in the Ross-shire Welfare league since 1997, and while the club typically finished bottom of the league throughout its early years, they finished their 2008 Ross-shire Welfare campaign, after 12 games, in second place. The club entered the North Caledonian league for the first time in July 2008, before withdrawing in June 2010 after failing to find a new manager.
The club secured its first ever Ross-shire Welfare league title in 2009, beating Invergordon Social Club on the final day to win by five clear points, ahead of rivals Ross-shire Club.
Cups.
The club has won three cup trophies, the first in 2007 under the management of Arron Christie, defeating Ross-shire Club to lift the Pattison Cup and the Cordiner Cup under the same management when they beat Inver 3-1 (aet) in June 2009.
Thistle completed a successful season in 2009 by winning the Ross-shire Welfare Charity Shield in August, defeating Ross-shire Club by 4 goals to 1.
In May 2011, Thistle lifted the Ross-shire Welfare League Cup, defeating Balintore by 3 goals to 2 in the final. This result is described as Thistle's greatest performance to date having won after their goalkeeper was given his marching orders on 15 minutes. With no goalkeeper on the bench, it was right back, Brian Cameron who volunteered to go between the sticks, despite not having played in goals since Primary School.
Media coverage.
The club generated a much higher level of media interest than usual during November 2008 as a result of their inclusion in Football Manager. The Club chairman was interviewed live on the subject by Peter Allen from BBC Radio 5 Live and also appeared on BBC Radio Scotland's morning news programme, "Good Morning Scotland". Tain Thistle were also featured on BBC Scotland's flagship television news programme, Reporting Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="18645882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645882" title="Route 411 (Israel)">
Route 411 (Israel)

Route 411 (), is the designation of a regional route in the Shephelah region in Israel running southeasterly consolidating previous local roads. It is currently 16.7 km long consisting of two sections without a direct connection between them. The western section begins at Highway 42 near Kfar Gevirol in western Rehovot and terminates just past Route 410. The eastern section begins just short of Highway 40 south of Rehovot and terminates at Highway 3 towards Jerusalem, bypassing the towns of Kiryat Ekron and Mazkeret Batya.
Route description.
The western section of the road starts at Rehovot Ma'arav Junction with Highway 42. This section was previously labeled Road 4121. It runs south-east for approximately 2 km to the newly built elevated Gvirol Junction with Route 410 above the Lod - Ashkelon Railway. It then continues 1.4 km as Road 4122 (Derech Yom HaKippurim), terminating at a traffic circle at Derech Sheshet HaYamim. At this point there is a 1.3 km gap in the road. Drivers can take a 3.6 km detour via local streets in Rehovot to connect to the eastern section.
The eastern section begins as Road 4123 adjacent to Kvutzat Shiller and Givat Brenner, running 1.9 km to Brenner Junction with Highway 40 adjacent to Kiryat Ekron. After Brenner Junction, the road is known as the Hulda Road, It begins by running south with two junctions and a roundabout providing access to Bilu Center, a major outdoor shopping center and Kiryat Ekron. This section is undivided, with one lane in each direction and is often congested, especially during weekends and holidays. The road then turns south-east, becoming a dual-carriageway for approximately 2.4 km while bypassing Kiryat Ekron and providing access to Mazkeret Batya. 
Halfway between the two entrances to Mazkeret Batya, the road is once again downgraded to a single-carriageway for 7.8 km with an at-grade crossing of the Tel Aviv - Be'er Sheva Railway, a bridge over Highway 6 and an underpass under the Tel Aviv - Jerusalem Railway. It passes the entrance to Kibbutz Hulda first settled in 1909, hence the road's historic name. Further east, the road becomes more winding, passing the Hulda Forest, crossing the Shoham Stream and passing the entrance to Mishmar David before terminating at Hulda Junction with Highway 3.
History.
The bypass of Mazkeret Batya and Kiryat Ekron was originally built in the 1960s and was only slightly improved until 2000 when the National Roads Authority began a project to upgrade this section to dual-carriageway standards. These works included the construction of the temporary roundabout at Bilu Center, however they were stopped two years later due to lack of funds, leaving the road in its poor current state. The only section completed as a dual-carriageway is between Beit Elazari and Mazkeret Batya. Traffic lights were added to two of the junctions on this section in 2007.
The bridge over Highway 6 was built in 2002 by Derech Eretz, the Highway 6 operator. The underpass under the Tel Aviv - Jerusalem Railway opened in February 2009 
The western section was partially opened between Highway 42 and Kfar Gevirol, without the connection to Route 410, on August 18, 2008. It was built as part of a major project to build a grade separation between Route 410 and the Lod - Ashkelon Railway, replacing a dangerous at-grade crossing. The bridge above the railway as well as the junction with Route 410 opened on February 28, 2009.
Future plans.
There are plans to complete the missing 1.3 km long central section as a western bypass of Rehovot. Work is expected to be completed by March 2014. The National Roads Company of Israel published tenders in 2012 to complete this section. In the meantime, the city of Rehovot has built an inner bypass which can serve as a temporary connection between the two sections.
Plans to build an interchange with Highway 6 were approved, and as of early 2009, Derech Eretz was seeking government funding for such a connection.
There are also plans to upgrade all of Route 411 to dual-carriageway, including a grade separation that is under construction in 2011-2012 with the Railway to Beersheba and a new bridge to replace the dangerous curve over Shaham Stream.

</doc>
<doc id="18645888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645888" title="Dana Williams">
Dana Williams

Dana Lamont Williams (born March 20, 1963 in Weirton, West Virginia) is a retired American professional baseball player. He appeared in eight games in the Major Leagues as a backup outfielder, designated hitter and pinch runner for the Boston Red Sox during the season. Listed at , , he batted and threw right-handed. 
Williams graduated from Davidson High School (Mobile, Alabama) and was signed by the Red Sox as an undrafted free agent out of Enterprise State Community College.
In six MLB plate appearances and five at bats, Williams was a .200 hitter (1-for-5) with a double and one run scored. His double came in the only game he ever started for Boston, on June 25 as the designated hitter in a 7–0 loss to the Minnesota Twins, off left-handed starting pitcher Allan Anderson.
Williams also played in the Red Sox, White Sox and Cubs minor league systems from 1983 through 1990, hitting .291 with 37 home runs and 265 runs batted in in 845 games. He later played independent league baseball in 1993 and 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18645891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645891" title="Kushimaumi Keita">
Kushimaumi Keita

Kushimaumi Keita (久島海 啓太; 6 August 1965 – 13 February 2012), born as Keita Kushima (久嶋 啓太), was a sumo wrestler from Shingū, Wakayama Prefecture, Japan. A successful amateur, his highest rank in professional sumo was maegashira 1. After his retirement he became an elder of the Japan Sumo Association and established Tagonoura stable.
Career.
He began doing sumo from the age of four, due to his father's love of the sport. He was the first person to earn the Amateur Yokozuna title whilst still in high school (at which time he already weighed 160 kg), and he continued amateur sumo at Nihon University. In total he captured 28 collegiate sumo titles, a record at the time. He joined the prestigious Dewanoumi stable and made his professional debut in January 1988, beginning in the third highest "makushita" division. He fought under his own name until he reached the second highest "jūryō" division, whereupon his "shikona" was modified slightly from Kushima to Kushimaumi. Although it took him seven tournaments to progress from "makushita" to "jūryō", he won two consecutive "yūshō" or tournament championships from his "jūryō" debut to reach the top "makuuchi" division in July 1989, the first wrestler to do so since 15 day tournaments were established in 1949. He won his first Fighting Spirit prize in March 1990, and earned two "kinboshi" for defeating "yokozuna" Asahifuji in September 1991 and Hokutoumi in March 1992 (this was Hokutoumi's final match before retirement). In March 1993 he was famously knocked out by a "harite" (slap to the face) from Kyokudōzan and had to withdraw from the tournament with his score at seven wins and six losses. His best result in a top division tournament was his runner-up performance in September 1993, where he finished behind Akebono on twelve wins. This however, was achieved from the low position of "maegashira" 13, and despite his great potential he never managed to reach the "san'yaku" ranks. In his later career he suffered increasingly from shoulder and hip injuries, and was demoted to the "jūryō" division on several occasions. He announced his retirement in November 1998 at the age of 33, after falling into the "makushita" division.
Fighting style.
Kushimaumi was one of the heaviest wrestlers ever, weighing over 200 kg at his peak, and his great physical strength was demonstrated by his frequent use of the "kimedashi" (arm barring force out) technique. He also regularly employed "yorikiri" (the force out) and "kotenage" (the arm lock throw).
Retirement from sumo.
Kushimaumi remained with Dewanoumi stable as an elder of the Japan Sumo Association, under the name Tagonoura. In February 2000 he branched out and opened up his own Tagonoura stable. In 2011 he produced his first "sekitori" ranked wrestler, the Bulgarian Aoiyama. Another former "rikishi" was the Tongan born Aotsurugi (who took Japanese citizenship to allow Aoiyama to join the stable).
In 2003 he suffered an acute myocardial infarction, but it proved not to be life-threatening and he made an immediate recovery.
He died on 13 February 2012 at the age of 46, of ischaemic heart disease.

</doc>
<doc id="18645899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645899" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Daltonganj">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Daltonganj

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Daltonganj () is a diocese located in the city of Daltonganj in the Ecclesiastical province of Ranchi in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18645915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645915" title="3-(p-Fluorobenzoyloxy)tropane">
3-(p-Fluorobenzoyloxy)tropane

3β-("p"-Fluorobenzoyloxy)tropane, (8-Methyl-8-azabicyclo4-fluorobenzoic acid ester, 4-fluorotropacocaine, 3-Pseudotropyl-4-fluorobenzoate, 3-pseudotropyl-4-fluorobenzoate, pFBT) is a tropane derivative drug which acts as a local anaesthetic, having around 30% the stimulant potency of cocaine but around the same potency as a local anaesthetic. It has been investigated as a potential radiolabelled agent for studying receptor binding, but was not adopted for this application. The main application for fluorotropacocaine however has been as a designer drug analogue of cocaine, first detected by the EMCDDA in 2008, and subsequently sold as an ingredient of various "bath salt" powder products, usually mixed in combination with other stimulant drugs such as caffeine, dimethocaine, desoxypipradrol or substituted cathinone derivatives.

</doc>
<doc id="18645918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645918" title="Federal Housing Finance Agency">
Federal Housing Finance Agency

The Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) is an independent federal agency created as the successor regulatory agency resulting from the statutory merger of the Federal Housing Finance Board (FHFB), the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight (OFHEO), and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development government-sponsored enterprise mission team, absorbing the powers and regulatory authority of both entities, with expanded legal and regulatory authority, including the ability to place government sponsored enterprises (GSEs) into receivership or conservatorship.
In its role as regulator, it regulates Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and the 12 Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBanks, or FHLBank System). It is wholly separate from the Federal Housing Authority, which largely provides mortgage insurance.
History.
The law establishing the FHFA is the Federal Housing Finance Regulatory Reform Act of 2008, which is Division A of the larger Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008, Public Law 110-289, signed on July 30, 2008 by President George W. Bush. One year after the law was signed, the OFHEO and the FHFB shall go out of existence. All existing regulations, orders and decisions of OFHEO and the Finance Board remain in effect until modified or superseded.
On the day of the law's signing, former Director James Lockhart stated:
"For more than two years as Director of OFHEO I have worked to help create FHFA so that this new GSE regulator has far greater authorities than its predecessors. As Director of FHFA, I commit that we will use these authorities to ensure that the housing GSEs provide stability and liquidity to the mortgage market, support affordable housing and operate safely and soundly.
FHFA director Lockhart transmitted a "notice of establishment," for publication in the Federal Register on September 4, 2008. The notice formally announced the agency's existence and authority to act.
Conservatorships.
On September 7, 2008, FHFA director Lockhart announced he had put Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac under the conservatorship of the FHFA. The action is "one of the most sweeping government interventions in private financial markets in decades". 
U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson, appearing at the same press conference, stated that placing the two GSEs into conservatorship was a decision he fully supported, and said that he advised "that conservatorship was the only form in which I would commit taxpayer money to the GSEs." He further said that "I attribute the need for today's action primarily to the inherent conflict and flawed business model embedded in the GSE structure, and to the ongoing housing correction."
In the announcement, Lockhart indicated the following items in the plan of action for the conservatorship:
Suits against financial institutions.
The FHFA in 2011 filed suit first against UBS then against 17 other financial institutions accusing them of misrepresenting about $200 billion in mortgage-backed securities sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The suits, some of which name individual defendants, allege a variety of violations of federal securities law and common law and paint "a damning portrait of the excesses of the housing bubble." The suits seek a variety of damages and civil penalties.
Leadership.
Upon Lockhart's departure, Edward J. DeMarco was appointed Acting Director of FHFA on August 25, 2009.
On May 1, 2013, President Barack Obama nominated Mel Watt as the next FHFA head. After Democrats eliminated rules allowing filibusters on executive branch nominations, the U.S. Senate confirmed Watt on December 10, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18645946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645946" title="HMS Salisbury (1707)">
HMS Salisbury (1707)

HMS "Salisbury" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Chatham Dockyard to the dimensions of the 1706 Establishment, and launched on 3 July 1707. In autumn of 1707, she brought the body of admiral Sir Cloudesley Shovell (who had been killed in a disastrous shipwreck in the Isles of Scilly) from St Mary's to Plymouth prior to his burial in Westminster Abbey. 
"Salisbury" was rebuilt for the first time by Stacey of Woolwich Dockyard. Unusually, as she was undergoing her rebuild just 10 years after her original launch, she was reconstructed to the same design specifications, and was relaunched on 10 October 1717. "Salisbury" was the only ship to have been built twice to the same design. She was ordered to be taken to pieces for her second rebuild in orders dated 9 April 1725, and was rebuilt at Portsmouth to the 1719 Establishment. "Salisbury" was relaunched on 30 October 1726.
She was converted to a hulk in 1744, and was sold out of the navy in 1749.

</doc>
<doc id="18645952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645952" title="Matthew Green (journalist)">
Matthew Green (journalist)

Matthew Green (born 17 October 1975) is a British journalist and author. He was raised in Hampton Middlesex where he attended Hampton School before He studied African politics at Oxford university and spent five years on the ground in East Africa reporting for Reuters. He is currently the South Asia Security correspondent for the Financial Times.
Matthew’s first book, entitled "The Wizard of the Nile: The Hunt for Africa’s Most Wanted", documents his search through the war zone of Uganda for Joseph Kony, the mysterious rebel leader known for abducting children and using them as child soldiers.
From 2007 to 2009, he was based in Lagos as the West Africa correspondent for the Financial Times. In September 2009, Matthew took up a new assignment as the FT's South Asia Security Correspondent, covering Afghanistan and Pakistan from Kabul and Islamabad. He also reported from thr frontline in the last Iraq war whilst embeded with US marines.
Reviews.
[http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/books/reviews/the-wizard-of-the-nile-by-matthew-green-813254.html]
[http://entertainment.timesonline.co.uk/tol/arts_and_entertainment/books/non-fiction/article3246752.ece]
[http://www.lrbshop.co.uk/product.php?productid=3958&cat=190&page=1]

</doc>
<doc id="18645978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18645978" title="USS Locust">
USS Locust

USS "Locust" is a name used more than once by the U.S. Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="18646001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646001" title="Abheri">
Abheri

Abheri (pronounced ābhēri) is a raga in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is a "Janya" raga (derived scale), whose "Melakarta" raga (parent, also known as "janaka") is "Kharaharapriya", 22nd in the 72 "Melakarta" raga system. 
"Bhimplasi" (or "Bheemplas") of Hindustani music sounds pretty close to "Abheri".
Structure and Lakshana.
Abheri is an "audava-sampoorna" raga. Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras in Carnatic music" for details on below notation and terms):
The "swaras" in this scale are "Chathusruthi Rishabham, Sadharana Gandharam, Suddha Madhyamam, Chathusruthi Dhaivatham" and "Kaisiki Nishadham". In addition to these "swaras", there are "gamakas" which also form part of "Abheri". The ascending scale is same as that of "Udayaravichandrika" raga (also known as "Shuddha Dhanyasi"), while the descending scale is that of "Kharaharapriya" raga.
There are some differing views on swaras in the scale of Abheri. It is considered a "Bhashanga" raga (scale has an "anya swara", that is, a note which is not in the parent "melakarta" raga, in this case "Kharaharapriya" raga), with introduction of "Suddha Dhiavatham" (D1) in some phrases of the raga. A different view is that this raga is a "janya" of "Natabhairavi" (which has D1, "suddha dhaivatham", in place of D2), with D2 being the "anya swara" (external note).
This raga is closer to Bhagyasree as for Bhagyasree Gandharam is sung softly. Thus a subtle difference of Gandhara makes a listener to feel this raga as Bhagyasree.
Popular compositions.
A very popular composition in "Abheri" raga is "Nagumomu Ganaleni", a kriti by Thyagaraja, one of the three eminent composers in Carnatic music. Another well known composition is "Bhajare Re Manasa", a kriti written by Mysore Vasudevachar. Muthuswami Dikshitar has composed "Veenabheri" in this raga. However, the Abheri of Muthuswami Dikshitar might be quite different from what is considered Abheri today.
There are many "thukadas" (or short songs, that are sung towards end of a Carnatic concert) composed in this raga of which "Vellai Thamarai" penned by Subramanya Bharathi is noteworthy. This raga has been extensively used in movie songs/ movie music. The most popular movie song in this raga is "Aakaasa veedhilo" from the old Telugu classic movie "Malliswari" (1951) sung by Ghantasala and Bhanumati.
Popular Classical Albums on this Raagam.
An excellent rendition of this Raaga can be found in one of L. Shankar Albums "Raga Aberi". He received a Grammy Nomination for this composition.
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Abheri's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 3 other janya rāgams, namely, "Mohanakalyani", "Kedaragaula" and "Arabhi" (if we consider the Kharaharapriya based scale). "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "Shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. In case of "Janya" ragams, only notes that occur in both ascending and descending scale are taken for this change. For further details and an illustration of "Graha bhedam" refer "Graha bhedam" on "Sankarabharanam".
See also.
List of Film Songs based on Ragas

</doc>
<doc id="18646015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646015" title="Ajuga genevensis">
Ajuga genevensis

Ajuga genevensis (also variously known as the upright bugle, blue bugle, Geneva bugleweed, blue bugleweed) is a herbaceous flowering plant native to Europe. It is less common than its relative, "Ajuga reptans" (common bugle).
Description.
"Ajuga genevensis" is a perennial plant (flowering between April and July) growing to a height of between 10 and 30 cm. Evergreen, it has long-stalked, obovate, basal leaves which are shallowly lobed or toothed.
It has an upright stem with flowers arranged in dense, terminal, spike-like inflorescences. The flowers are usually violet-blue, though can be pink or white, and the uppermost flowers are often flushed with blue. When pink, it is sometimes known as "pink beauty", and when white, it is sometimes known as "alba". The flowers have short upper-lips with protruding stamens and pistil. The plant sometimes suffers from "Erysiphe biocellata", a type of mildew.
Relatives.
"Ajuga genevensis" is a less common relative of "Ajuga reptans", the Common bugle, though it is common for the two plants to interbreed, as well as with "Ajuga pyramidalis", the pyramidal bugle, producing hybrid offspring that are very similar.
Varieties.
There are also several variants of "Ajuga genevensis" such as "A. genevensis" var. "arida" (a variety with short grey hairs found in mountain meadows) and "A. genevensis" var. "elatior" (a mountain plant with randomly hairy stems). Both varieties vary slightly in the shape and size of the leaves and bracts.
Distribution.
"Ajuga genevensis" are found on the edges of dry woods, as well as in thickets and grasslands. It is found at various locations around Europe including Sweden, France, Italy, Britain and from Macedonia to Caucasia. It can also be found growing wild in North America as a result of seeds that have escaped from gardens. It is used as an ornamental plant in gardens worldwide, where it used in edges due to its slower spread compared with "A. reptans".
Uses.
"Ajuga genevensis "herb has been used in the traditional Austrian medicine internally as tea for treatment of disorders related with the respiratory tract.

</doc>
<doc id="18646017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646017" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Dumka">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dumka

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Dumka () is a diocese located in the city of Dumka in the Ecclesiastical province of Ranchi in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18646023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646023" title="Leonotis artemisia">
Leonotis artemisia

Leonotis artemisia, also known as motherwort, is a species of plant in the Leonotis genus and the Lamiaceae (mint) family. It is native to Asia, and is traditionally ascribed various health benefits.
Chemical constituents.
One of the chemical constituents of "Leonotis artemisia" is leonurine.

</doc>
<doc id="18646026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646026" title="James Lomas (rugby league)">
James Lomas (rugby league)

James Lomas (birth registered July→September 1879 — death unknown) birth registered in Cockermouth district, was a pioneering English rugby league footballer of the late 19th century, and early 20th century. Hailing from Maryport, Cumberland, his career lasted for twenty-four years from 1899 to 1923. A three-quarter and prominent goal-kicker, Lomas captained the Great Britain national rugby league team.
Early career.
Lomas was playing for Maryport when they made the switch from rugby union to rugby league. In 1899 he made his début appearance for Cumberland aged 19, scoring the only try of the match which was a 3-0 victory over Cheshire at Whitehaven.
1900s.
Lomas became rugby league's first £100 transfer, from Bramley to Salford in 1901 (based on increases in average earnings, this would be approximately £43,000 in 2009). He then played in 1904's first ever international rugby league match for England against Other Nationalities. His club record for most points in a game (39), achieved for Salford against Liverpool City on 2 February 1907, still stands today.
Lomas was also notable for his goal-kicking style. He was the first player to stand the ball up on its end. Lomas won caps for England while at Salford in 1904 against Other Nationalities, in 1905 against Other Nationalities, in 1906 against Other Nationalities, in 1908 against New Zealand, and Wales, in 1909 against Australia (3 matches) and Wales. Lomas also won caps for Great Britain while at Salford in 1908-09 against Australia (2 matches), in 1910 against Australia (2 matches), Australasia and New Zealand. Lomas captained the successful first British tour of the Southern Hemisphere which began on 4 June 1910. He also represented England in 1910 against Wales.
1910s.
He later joined Oldham from Salford for a fee of £300, (based on increases in average earnings, this would be approximately £121,000 in 2009), while there in 1911 playing for England against Wales, and Australia (2 matches). Lomas also played in Oldham's Challenge Cup loss to Dewsbury in the 1912 final. Also while at Oldham he represented Great Britain in 1911-12 Australia (2 matches).
During Lomas' time a Salford, they defeated Huddersfield 5-3 in the 1913–14 Rugby Football League Championship final. Lomas' total points scoring world record of 2,340 stood until Jim Sullivan passed it in the 1928-29 season. He had also represented Cumberland, and Lancashire.
1920s.
As the coach of Salford, player shortages forced Lomas to play in some cup matches for Salford in the 1922–23 Northern Rugby Football League season, and in 1923–24 Northern Rugby Football League season he was again forced to make some appearances, his last match for Salford, aged 43, was against Wakefield Trinity on 29 September 1923.
Legacy.
The Courtney Goodwill Trophy, international rugby league′s first, was presented for the first time in 1936 and depicted Lomas, along with other pioneering greats of the code, Jean Galia (France), Albert Baskiville (New Zealand) and Dally Messenger (Australia).
Lomas was the subject of a book, "The King of Brilliance: James Lomas - a Rugby League Superstar", which was published in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18646033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646033" title="Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom C-1">
Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom C-1

The men's C-1 slalom competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place between August 11 and 12 2008 at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing. The C-1 (solo canoe) event was raced by one-man canoes through a whitewater course.
There were three rounds of competitions: the heats, the semifinal, and the final. In the heats, each canoeist completed two runs of the course. The time, in seconds, of each run was added to the number of penalty points assessed. Touching any of the 21 slalom gates resulted in a 2-second penalty for each gate touched, while skipping any of the gates resulted in a 50-second penalty. The total times for the two preliminary runs were summed to give a score for the heats. The top 12 boats advanced to the semifinals.
The semifinals consisted of a single run. The field was narrowed to the top 8 scores from that run; those 8 boats advanced to the final. The times from the final were added to the semifinal score to give an overall total.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18646034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646034" title="Portugal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Portugal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Portugal competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. The country participated with 35 competitors in seven sports.
Boccia.
Four gold medalists from the 2004 Games—João Paulo Fernandes, Cristina Gonçalves, António Marques and Fernando Ferreira—returned to compete in Beijing. The boccia national team's coach is Helena Bastos. Portugal was expected to be a strong contender in this sport as it is regarded as one of the most successful countries ever.

</doc>
<doc id="18646052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646052" title="Allen Meadows">
Allen Meadows

Allen Meadows is an American wine critic and publisher of the Burghound.com quarterly newsletter and website. A financial executive and private wine collector until a profile published in "Wine Spectator" in 1997 led him to decide to follow his passion for wine. By 2000 Meadows had left banking and launched the Burghound.com site which offers subscribers newsletters with reviews of Burgundy wine and California and Oregon Pinot noir wines. Meadows also regularly speaks on Burgundy and other wine subjects. Burghound.com also organizes wine events such as the Asia Symphony of Wine and Flavours - Burghound in Asia, which is held in Singapore. 
Within relatively short time following its launch, and despite a relatively high cost of subscription, the service came to be viewed by many as "the definitive word on matters Burgundian", and Meadows "a leading Burgundy critic".
Among the reasons cited for the rapid success of Burghound.com are that Meadows already held a strong online discussion-group reputation, and that Robert Parker had ceased to cover Burgundy for "The Wine Advocate" in 1996, and delegated coverage of the region to Pierre Rovani with limited success, providing an opening for Meadows. As Parker already had strained relations with the Burgundy wine community, wine critics of global coverage such as Stephen Tanzer and Clive Coates were perceived to dominate the field. It has been suggested that the Burghound coverage of the 2005 vintage of Burgundy did as much to Meadows' reputation as 1982 Bordeaux did for Robert Parker.
In 2010, Meadows and his wife Erica released a book by way of self-publishing, titled "The Pearl of the Côte" on the subject of the history and vineyards of Vosne-Romanée, while opting not to list the book on channels such as Amazon.com.

</doc>
<doc id="18646057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646057" title="Singapore at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Singapore at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Singapore sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, represented by six athletes competing in four sports: swimming, sailing, equestrian and athletics. The country's flagbearer at the Games' opening ceremony was supposed to be Desiree Lim, a sailor. However, as the sailing events were held in Qingdao, it was Theresa Goh (swimming) who was the flagbearer on that day. The 2008 Summer Paralympics marked the first time Singapore had won a Paralympic medal of any kind.
Athletes.
Sailing.
Singaporeans will compete in the following event in sailing:

</doc>
<doc id="18646069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646069" title="Tilden Rent-a-Car">
Tilden Rent-a-Car

Tilden Rent-a-Car, later known as Tilden InterRent, was a Canadian car rental company that was founded in 1953 by Sam Tilden. Its fleet was sold by the Tilden family to National Car Rental of the United States in June 1996.
In 1925, Sam Tilden (1897–1973), a shoe salesman in Montreal, bought the Hertz Rent-a-Car franchise for Montreal after reading an advertisement in the "Saturday Evening Post". Tilden started the business with three Chrysler cars and a loan from his father. In 1929, Hertz took the franchise back from Tilden, believing that it could make more money through direct ownership. In 1932, Tilden had won the franchise back from Hertz.
By 1950, Sam Tilden had three Hertz franchises: Montreal, Ottawa and Hamilton, Ontario, and his son, Walter Tilden (1928–2008), was managing the Ottawa franchise. Through the 1950s, Tilden Rent-a-Car expanded rapidly, taking advantage of its independence from car manufacturers. The Victoria, British Columbia franchise was managed by Sam’s youngest son, Ted Tilden (1931–1991).
The franchise agreement with Hertz allowed the American company to take back a franchise on 60 days notice, and head office insisted that American advertising copy be used in Canada, although the Canadian franchisees wanted to use copy more appropriate for Canada. In 1953, Sam Tilden and several other franchises, objecting to these policies, left Hertz and set up the Tilden Rent-a-Car System. By 1954, there were 100 Tilden locations throughout Canada. 
In the 1960s, recognizing the opportunities for cross-promotion, Tilden formed a partnership with National Car Rental in the United States. Tilden and National established a joint venture, 50% owned by each company, in Europe under the Europcar name. Tilden later entered into a similar joint venture with Nippon Rent-a-Car of Japan to set up rental agencies in Asia.
By the mid-1960s, Tilden Rent-a-Car System had 2,000 corporate-owned vehicles and 2,500 vehicles owned by independent franchise operators in Canada.
Sam Tilden died of a heart attack in 1973, and the company leadership was taken over by his sons Walter and Ted. In 1974, the company’s head office was moved from Montreal to Toronto. 
On 6 March 1991, Ted Tilden, who owned 50% of the company, died of a heart attack. Two months later, a Tilden car was involved in an accident in the Bronx, New York City, with a gasoline tanker truck that resulted in a dozen stores burning and explosions in nearby parked cars. This accident played a significant role in the ultimate sale of Tilden Rent-a-Car to National. 
In 1992, the name of the company was changed to Tilden InterRent to emphasise its connections to National and Europcar, and National’s green colour scheme replaced the red, blue and green scheme that Tilden had been using.
The Bronx accident led to dozens of claims against the company including suits for wrongful death. The company that owned the gas tanker did not have sufficient insurance, and the plaintiffs sought compensation from Tilden. 
In June 1995, shortly after his appearance in a wide-ranging corporate and industry interview feature on Montreal's CF Cable 9 Television's award-winning "Travel World 95" public affairs show, Walter Tilden began negotiations to sell the company. In July 1995, Tilden’s car leasing operations were sold to Newcourt Credit Group. 
In February 1996, Walter Tilden retired as president and chief executive officer, and was succeeded by his niece Patricia Tilden. Tilden InterRent sought protection under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement in April 1996 to protect it from the 17 lawsuits it was facing from the Bronx accident. The lawsuits had been consolidated into one suit, causing the company’s bankers to become nervous. 
In June 1996, a U.S. judge ruled that Tilden could be held liable, and within a week, Tilden’s fleet had been sold to National for $115 million. National agreed to take on 95% of Tilden’s staff, and operate in Canada as "National Tilden". Although many locations continue to use the National Tilden name, the parent company's name was changed to "National" shortly thereafter. 
The lawsuit arising from the Bronx accident that led to the demise of Tilden as an independent Canadian company was later dismissed.
Source.
Martin, Sandra, "He helped build Tilden Rent-a-Car into a thriving, all-Canadian concern", obituary of Walter Tilden, "The Globe and Mail", Toronto edition, 30 July 2008, p. s8.

</doc>
<doc id="18646071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646071" title="6th Air Refueling Squadron">
6th Air Refueling Squadron

The 6th Air Refueling Squadron (6 ARS) is part of the 60th Air Mobility Wing at Travis Air Force Base, California. It operates the KC-10 Extender aircraft conducting aerial refueling missions.
History.
Activated in early 1940 as part of the pre-World War II build up of the United States Army Air Corps after the breakout of war in Europe. Assigned to the GHQ Northeast Air District, equipped with pre-production YB-17s; later early model B-17C/D heavy bombers. After the Pearl Harbor Attack. flew antisubmarine patrol missions in the Caribbean from, January–June 1942.
Returned to the United States in June 1942 and was assigned to II Bomber Command. Was an Operational Training (OTU) and later Replacement Training Unit (RTU) for B-17 heavy bomber units and replacement personnel until March 1944 with the end of Heavy Bomber training.
Redesignated as a B-29 Superfortress very heavy bombardment Squadron under Second Air Force. Deployed to the Pacific Theater of Operations (PTO), assigned to North Field, Guam under XXI Bomber Command. Flew very long range strategic bombardment missions over the Japanese Home Islands, attacking military, industrial and transportation targets. Switched to night incendiary raids attacking major Japanese cities in the spring of 1945, causing massive destruction of urbanized areas. Continued strategic bombing raids and incendiary attacks until Japanese Capitulation in August 1945.
Squadron remained in Western Pacific, although largely demobilized in the fall of 1945. Some aircraft scrapped on Tinian; others flown to storage depots in the United States. Remained as a paper unit assigned to Twentieth Air Force until inactivated in early 1948.
The 6th performed air refueling training from, 1959–1962 and flew worldwide air refueling from, 1963–1967, including support of tactical aircraft flying in Southeast Asia. The squadron has again flown worldwide air refueling since 1989, including support of deployments to Southwest Asia from, 1990–1991. It provided humanitarian airlift to Somalia from, 1992–1993.
On 19 Sep 1985 the 6th Air Refueling Squadron was consolidated with the 6th Bombardment Squadron (Very Heavy), a unit that was last active 27 Jun 1949. This action was directed by Department of the Air Force Letter DAF/MPM 662q Attachment 2 (Inactive Units), 19 Sep 1985. The Consolidated Unit will retain the Designation of 6th Air Refueling Squadron, Heavy".

</doc>
<doc id="18646073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646073" title="Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom K-1">
Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom K-1

The men's K-1 slalom competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place between August 11 and 12 2008 at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing. The K-1 (single kayak) event was raced by one-man kayaks through a whitewater course.
There were three rounds of competitions: the heats, the semifinal, and the final. In the heats, each canoeist completed two runs of the course. The time, in seconds, of each run was added to the number of penalty points assessed. Touching any of the 21 slalom gates resulted in a 2-second penalty for each gate touched, while skipping any of the gates resulted in a 50-second penalty. The total times for the two preliminary runs were summed to give a score for the heats. The top 15 boats advanced to the semifinals.
The semifinals consisted of a single run. The field was narrowed to the top 10 scores from that run; those 10 boats advanced to the final. The times from the final were added to the semifinal score to give an overall total.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18646086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646086" title="Sweden at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Sweden at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Sweden sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.
Goalball.
Women.
Åsa Alverstedt,
Malin Gustavsson,
Maria Juliusson,
Josefine Jälmestål,
Sofia Naesström,
Anna Nilsson.
Preliminary
Semifinal
Bronze Medal Match
Men.
Jimmy Björkstrand,
Stefan Gahne,
Niklas Hultkvist,
Oskar Kuus,
Fatmir Seremeti,
Mikael Åkerberg.
Preliminary
Quarterfinal
Semifinal
Bronze Medal Match
Wheelchair basketball.
Enoch Ablorh,
Joachim Gustavsson,
Hussein Haidari,
Peter Kohlström,
Joakim Lindén,
Patrik Nylander,
Tomas Åkerberg,
Niclas Larsson,
Per Byquist,
Dan Wallin,
Thomas Larsson,
Robin Meng.
Group A
Classification 9TH-12TH
Classification 11TH-12TH

</doc>
<doc id="18646092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646092" title="6th Reconnaissance Squadron">
6th Reconnaissance Squadron

The 6th Reconnaissance Squadron is an active United States Air Force unit, which is currently assigned to the 49th Wing at Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico.
The 6th RS is the USAF's only Formal Training Unit for crews learning to operate the MQ-1 Predator. On 23 October 2009, the 6th was reactivated as the 6th Reconnaissance Squadron at Holloman AFB, and assumed its mission of providing Initial Qualification Training for pilots and sensor operators learning to operate the MQ-1 Predator remotely-piloted aircraft.
History.
XX Bomber Command (India).
Deployed to India in early 1944; several aircraft breaking down en route via South Atlantic Transport route from Florida to Brazil then to Liberia; across central Africa and Arabia, arriving in Karachi, India in March 1944. Arrived at converted B-24 airfield in eastern India in mid-April 1944. Aircraft still undergoing modifications while transporting munitions and fuel to forward airfield in central China; staging first attacks on Japanese Home Islands since the 1942 Doolittle Raid. Lack of logistical support limited number of attacks on Japan from Chinese staging airfields; squadron also attacked strategic enemy targets in Thailand; Indochina and Malay Peninsula.
XXI Bomber Command (Marianas).
Reassigned to Mariana Islands when island airfields became available after Battle of Tinian; moved to West Field, Tinian the Central Pacific Area in January 1945 and assigned to XXI Bomber Command, Twentieth Air Force. Its mission was the strategic bombardment of the Japanese Home Islands and the destruction of its war-making capability.
When training was completed moved to North Field Guam in the Mariana Islands of the Central Pacific Area in January 1945 and assigned to XXI Bomber Command, Twentieth Air Force. Its mission was the strategic bombardment of the Japanese Home Islands and the destruction of its war-making capability.
Flew "shakedown" missions against Japanese targets on Moen Island, Truk, and other points in the Carolines and Marianas. The squadron began combat missions over Japan on 25 February 1945 with a firebombing mission over Northeast Tokyo. The squadron continued to participate in wide area firebombing attack, but the first ten day blitz resulting in the Army Air Forces running out of incendiary bombs. Until then the squadron flew conventional strategic bombing missions using high explosive bombs.
The squadron continued attacking urban areas with incendiary raids until the end of the war in August 1945, attacking major Japanese cities, causing massive destruction of urbanized areas. Also conducted raids against strategic objectives, bombing aircraft factories, chemical plants, oil refineries, and other targets in Japan. The squadron flew its last combat missions on 14 August when hostilities ended. Afterwards, its B 29s carried relief supplies to Allied prisoner of war camps in Japan and Manchuria
Reassigned to the United States as part of Continental Air Forces (later Strategic Air Command). Designated as a RB-29 very long range reconnaissance squadron; inactivated in 1946 due to budget restrictions.
Strategic Air Command.
Reactivated in 1955 as a Strategic Air Command Reconnaissance Squadron, operating RB-47 Stratojet swept-wing reconnaissance bombers, capable of flying at high subsonic speeds and primarily designed for penetrating the airspace of the Soviet Union. Flew many long-range clandestine missions with the RB-47, flying many ferret missions around the periphery of Soviet territory, and sometimes inside on penetration flights to map planned routes for B-52s if combat missions over the Soviet Union ever became necessary. Missions also included intelligence gathering flying missions off the coasts of North Korea, Communist China and other areas. Inactivated in 1962 with the phaseout of the B-47 from the inventory.
Reactivated in 1963 as a B-52E Stratofortress squadron, receiving aircraft and personnel from the inactivating 98th Bombardment Squadron. Performed nuclear alert duties and flew numerous training missions and in SAC exercises until 1968 with the retirement of the B-52E. Re-equipped with the B-52D and deployed personnel and aircraft to the Western Pacific for combat missions over Indochina as part of Operation Arc Light. Squadron was inactivated in 1969 with the closing of Clinton-Sherman AFB and the inactivation of the parent 70th Bomb Wing due to budget reductions on 31 December 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="18646100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646100" title="Laurel, Tennessee">
Laurel, Tennessee

Laurel is an unincorporated settlement, in Sevier County, Tennessee, on State Route 416 (Tennessee), north of U.S. Route 321, in the Great Smoky Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="18646105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646105" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Gumla">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gumla

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Gumla () is a diocese located in the city of Gumla in the Ecclesiastical province of Ranchi in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18646106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646106" title="Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's slalom K-1">
Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's slalom K-1

The women's K-1 slalom competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place on August 13 and August 15, 2008 at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing. The K-1 (kayak single) event is raced by one-person kayaks through a whitewater course. The final was rescheduled to the 15th due to persistent lightning at the Park.
There were three rounds of competitions: the heats, the semifinal, and the final. In the heats, each canoeist completed two runs of the course. The time, in seconds, of each run was added to the number of penalty points assessed. Touching any of the 21 slalom gates resulted in a 2-second penalty for each gate touched, while skipping any of the gates resulted in a 50-second penalty. The total times for the two preliminary runs were summed to give a score for the heats. The top 15 boats advanced to the semifinals.
The semifinals consisted of a single run. The field was narrowed to the top 10 scores from that run; those 10 boats advanced to the final. The times from the final were added to the semifinal score to give an overall total.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18646111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646111" title="Austria at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Austria at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Austria sent a delegation to the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, and unsuccessfully tried to improve on the 23 medals (8 of them gold) won in 2004. 38 Austrian athletes competed in 8 sports as follows:
Athletics.
Women
Cycling.
"Time trials & Road races"
"Pursuits & Sprints"
"Time trials & Road races"
"Pursuits & Sprints"
Sailing.
Men
Table tennis.
Men
Individual
Women
Wheelchair Tennis.
Men

</doc>
<doc id="18646120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646120" title="Architectural Institute of British Columbia">
Architectural Institute of British Columbia

The Architectural Institute of British Columbia (AIBC) is the regulatory body responsible for registering and licensing all Architects in the Province of British Columbia in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18646126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646126" title="Belconnen Library">
Belconnen Library

The Belconnen Library is the primary public library servicing the Belconnen district, one of ten libraries in the ACT Library and Information Services network, and one of two in Belconnen, the other being Kippax Library.
Built on the site of the former Emu Bank homestead, the Belconnen Library, designed by Robin Gibson, was opened by the Governor-General, Sir Zelman Cowen, in September 1981.[http://www.belconnen.org.au/belhist.htm] The building subsequently won Gibson the RAIA 1982 Canberra Medallion for a work of outstanding merit in the non-housing category.

</doc>
<doc id="18646127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646127" title="James Ira Thomas Jones">
James Ira Thomas Jones

James Ira Thomas "Taffy" Jones DSO, MC, DFC & Bar, MM (18 April 1896–30 August 1960) was a British flying ace during the First World War. Jones was born on 18 April 1896 at Woolstone Farm, near St. Clears, Carmarthenshire. In 1913, Jones enlisted in the Territorial Army, though he was soon transferred into the newly established Royal Flying Corps. serving as an air mechanic on ground duties (where he earned the Military Medal) before volunteering for flying duties as an Observer. Jones commenced pilot training in August 1917 after being commissioned. After completing his training he joined No. 74 Squadron.
Throughout his service at No. 74 Squadron Jones won several awards and decorations; being awarded the Military Cross, the Distinguished Flying Cross and bar and the Distinguished Service Order. Although having a reputation for crashing his aircraft when attempting to land, Jones recorded 37 victories in just 3 months whilst flying the Royal Aircraft Factory S.E.5 during the First World War. After retiring in 1936, Jones was recommissioned after the outbreak of the Second World War, and flew briefly during the Battle of Britain. After retiring again at the end of the Second World War, Jones lived in Wales where he wrote three books on the RFC and RAF. He died in 1960 through complications after a fall at his home in Wales.
Career.
Jones was born on 18 April 1896 at Woolstone Farm, near St. Clears, Carmarthenshire. He was illegitimate, a fact he concealed throughout his life. He is known to have suffered from a bad stutter, reportedly acquired after being rolled down a hill in a barrel as a child.
First World War.
In 1913, while working as a clerk, Jones enlisted with the 4th Welsh in the Territorial Army. Jones was in London studying Wireless and Cable Telegraphy when the First World War started. Awaiting call-up, Jones joined the fledgling Royal Flying Corps, and after training joined No. 10 Squadron RAF as an 1st Class Air Mechanic in the wireless section. Jones was posted to France in July 1915. By January 1916 he was flying combat missions as an observer/gunner on BE-2's, winning his Observer's brevet in October 1916. Jones was awarded the Military Medal in May 1916, for rescuing two wounded gunners under artillery fire whilst he was working at a wireless interception station in the front line. He was awarded the Russian Order of the Cross of St. George in January 1917 after receiving several commendations for bravery. He was commissioned in August 1917, and in May 1917 was sent to England to commence pilot training. After completing his training, Jones was posted to No. 74 Squadron, where he formed a friendship with one of the flight commanders, Captain Edward "Mick" Mannock, and it was with this Squadron that he earned his decorations for bravery.
Jones was awarded several decorations during the First World War. These included the Military Cross and two Distinguished Flying Crosses. On 3 August 1918, the "London Gazette" announced that Jones was to be awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for the following citation: "In eleven days this officer attacked and destroyed six enemy aeroplanes, displaying great courage, skill and initiative."
In September 1918 Jones was awarded the Military Cross. His citation read:
Later on in the same month, Jones was awarded a Bar to his Distinguished Flying Cross. The "Gazette" described Jones as being a "A gallant officer who in the last three months has destroyed twenty-one enemy aeroplanes." In November 1918, Jones was awarded the Distinguished Service Order. His citation read:
In June 1918, Jones became a flight commander. On 30 July he shot down an LVG two seater flying a badly damaged SE-5a, which collapsed on landing.
Throughout his service career, Jones had a reputation for crashing his aircraft when attempting to land, reportedly surviving (relatively unscathed) some 28 flying accidents of varying severity. By the end of the War though, he had scored 37 victories in just 3 months whilst flying the Royal Aircraft Factory S.E.5 with 74 Squadron in France.
His 37 claims consisted of 1 balloon destroyed, 28 (and 1 shared) aircraft destroyed, and 6 (and 1 shared) "down out of control". After the Armistice he became Commanding Officer of No. 74 Squadron until it was disbanded in 1919.
Quotes.
Jones was once quoted as saying: "It is wonderful how cheered a pilot becomes after he shoots down his first machine; his morale increases by at least 100 percent."
"My habit of attacking Huns dangling from their parachutes led to many arguments in the mess. Some officers, of the Eton and Sandhurst type, thought it was 'unsportsmanlike' to do it. Never having been to a public school, I was unhampered by such considerations of form. I just pointed out that there was a bloody war on, and that I intended to avenge my pals." 
“Taffy designed an unofficial badge for 53 OTU by adding wings to the tiger head of his 74 Squadron, but I cannot recall the motto. Maybe it was in Welsh. He had a habit of raising his drinking arm to the horizontal when toasting `One f-f-for the T-t-tiger` in his unfortunate but endearing stutter. Likewise when referring to we, his ground staff, as `,m-my m-mechanics." 
Post war.
After the end of hostilities, Jones volunteered to fight with the White movement against the Bolsheviks in the Russian Civil War and was posted to the Archangel front but saw no further air combat. He received a permanent commission in the RAF and then served until retirement in June 1936.
Second World War.
Sources are uncertain as to the extent of Jones' service in the Second World War. One of his obituaries quotes a story from 1939 when, at the age of 45, Jones tried to get into the Royal Air Force at Windsor Castle. King George VI told him: "You are too old, Taffy. It's a young man's game."
Jones' age withstanding, he was recalled in August 1939 as Chief Signals Officer, Training Command Headquarters. By July, acting Wing Commander Jones was OC No. 7 Bombing and Gunnery School, RAF Porthcawl. It was here that one of his most famed actions occurred when, whilst flying an unarmed Hawker Henley near Swansea, he attacked a Junkers Ju 88 bomber with a Very pistol, a type of flare gun. His actions were enough to fight off the Junkers which returned to its base. After a spell in charge of 57 OTU at Hawarden in January 1941, Jones was tasked with forming No 59 OTU at Turnhouse, near Edinburgh, and then sent to command No 53 OTU Heston, Middlesex. He reportedly flew several unofficial operations in a Spitfire, taking part in several fighter sweeps over Europe.
Later life.
After the war he returned to St Clears and a career in the Ministry of Pensions.
Jones wrote 3 books, two of them between the wars; King of Air Fighters, a biography of Edward Mannock, Tiger Squadron a history of 74 Squadron, and An Air Fighter's Scrapbook. Jones died on 30 August 1960 after a fall at home in Aberaeron, and was buried at Cana Chapelyard, near Bancyfelin. There is also a special commemoration to Jones by St. Clears War Memorial which he had the honour of unveiling.

</doc>
<doc id="18646132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646132" title="Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom C-2">
Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom C-2

The men's C-2 slalom competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place between August 13 and 15, 2008 at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing. The C-2 (canoe single) event is raced by two-man canoes through a whitewater course. The finals were rescheduled from the 14th to the 15th due to persistent lightning at the Park.
There were three rounds of competitions: the heats, the semifinal, and the final. In the heats, each canoeist completed two runs of the course. The time, in seconds, of each run was added to the number of penalty points assessed. Touching any of the 21 slalom gates resulted in a 2-second penalty for each gate touched, while skipping any of the gates resulted in a 50-second penalty. The total times for the two preliminary runs were summed to give a score for the heats. The top 12 boats advanced to the semifinals.
The semifinals consisted of a single run. The field was narrowed to the top 8 scores from that run; those 8 boats advanced to the final. The times from the final were added to the semifinal score to give an overall total.
Medalists.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18646135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646135" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Hazaribag">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Hazaribag

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Hazaribag () is a diocese located in the city of Hazaribag in the Ecclesiastical province of Ranchi in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18646143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646143" title="Brazil at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Brazil at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Brazil sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China The country debuted in the Games in 1972 and 2008 was its 10th participation.
Brazil also sent the largest number of athletes to the Paralympics in its history, with 188 athletes competing in 17 Paralympic sports. Only in the Archery and Wheelchair rugby competitions did Brazil lack competitors. In the Opening Ceremony, the Brazilian Flag bearer was the judoka Antônio Tenório Silva, who became four-time Paralympic champion in his category.
In 2008, Brazil had its secound strongest showing in the history of the Games, finishing in respectable 9th place. and , both of Swimming and of Athletics were Brazil's top medalists. Prado won three gold medals, Brasil won five medals (four golds and one silver) and Dias won nine medals (four golds, four silvers and one bronze).

</doc>
<doc id="18646156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646156" title="Chả">
Chả

Chả is Vietnamese for “sausage”.
"Chả" can be made of several types of fillers:

</doc>
<doc id="18646178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646178" title="Official statistics">
Official statistics

Official statistics are statistics published by government agencies or other public bodies such as international organizations. They provide quantitative or qualitative information on all major areas of citizens' lives, such as economic and social development, living conditions, health, education, and the environment.
During the 16th and 17th centuries, statistics were a method for counting and listing populations and State resources. The term "statistics" comes from the New Latin "statisticum collegium" (council of state) and refers to "science of the state". According to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, official statistics are statistics disseminated by the national statistical system, excepting those that are explicitly not to be official".
Of course, governmental agencies at all levels, including municipal, county, and state administrations, may generate and disseminate official statistics. This broader possibility is accommodated by later definitions. For example:
Official statistics result from the "collection and processing of data" into statistical information by a government institution or international organisation. They are then disseminated to help users develop their knowledge about a particular topic or geographical area, make comparisons between countries or understand changes over time. Official statistics make information on economic and social development accessible to the public, allowing the impact of government policies to be assessed, thus improving accountability.
Aim.
Official statistics provide a picture of a country or different phenomena through data, and images such as graph and maps. Statistical information covers different subject areas (economic, demographic, social etc.). It provides basic information for decision making, evaluations and assessments at different levels.
The goal of statistical organizations is to produce relevant, objective and accurate statistics to keep users well informed and assist good policy and decision-making.
Various categories.
"The Fundamental Principles of Official Statistics" were adopted in 1992 by the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe, and subsequently endorsed as a global standard by the United Nations Statistical Commission. According to the first Principle "Official statistics provide an indispensable element in the information system of a democratic society, serving the government, the economy and the public with data about the economic, demographic, social and environmental situation".
The categorization of the domains of official statistics has been further developed in the Classification of Statistical Activities, endorsed by the Coference of European Statisticians and various other bodies.
Most common indicators used in official statistics.
Statistical indicators provide an overview of the social, demographic and economic structure of society. Moreover, these indicators facilitate comparisons between countries and regions.
For population, the main indicators are:
The gender statistics include:
In the employment category:
There are many indicators for the economy:
For trade indicators we find:
Environment indicators:
For the energy field:
Users.
Official statistics are intended for a wide range of users including governments (central and local), research institutions, professional statisticians, journalists and the media, businesses, educational institutions and the general public.
There are three types of users: those with a general interest, business interest or research interest. Each of these user groups has different needs for statistical information.
Users with a general interest.
Users with a general interest include the media, schools and the general public. They use official statistics in order to be informed on a particular topic, to observe trends within the society of a local area, country, region of the world.
Users with a business interest.
Users with a business interest include decision makers and users with a particular interest for which they want more detailed information. For them, official statistics are an important reference, providing information on the phenomena or circumstances their own work is focusing on. For instance, those users will take some official statistics into consideration before launching a product, or deciding on a specific policy or on a marketing strategy. As with the general interest users, this group does not usually have a good understanding of statistical methodologies, but they need more detailed information than the general users.
Users with a research interest.
Users with a research interest are universities, consultants and government agencies. They generally understand something about statistical methodology and want to dig deeper into the facts and the statistical observations; they have an analytical purpose in inventing or explaining interrelations of causes and effects of different phenomena. In this field, official statistics are also used to assess a government's policies.
One common point for all these users is their need to be able to trust the official information. They need to be confident that the results published are authoritative and unbiased. Producers of official statistics must maintain a reputation of professionalism and independence.
The statistical system must be free from interference that could influence decisions on the choice of sources, methods used for data collection, the selection of results to be released as official, and the timing and form of dissemination. Statistical business processes should be transparent and follow international standards of good practice.
Statistical programs are decided on an annual or multi-annual basis by governments in many countries. They also provide a way to judge the performance of the statistical system.
Producers at the national level.
Official statistics are collected and produced by national statistical organisations (NSOs), or other organisations (e.g. central banks) that form part of the national statistical system in countries where statistical production is de-centralized. These organisations are responsible for producing and disseminating official statistical information, providing the highest quality data. Quality in the context of official statistics is a multi-faceted concept, consisting of components such as relevance, completeness, timeliness, accuracy, accessibility, clarity, cost-efficiency, transparency, comparability and coherence.
The core tasks of NSOs, for both centralized and decentralized systems, are determining user needs and filtering these for relevance. Then they transform the relevant user needs into measurable concepts to facilitate data collection and dissemination. The NSO is in charge of the coordination between statistical producers and of ensuring the coherence and compliance of the statistical system to agreed standards. The NSO has a coordination responsibility as its President/Director General represents the entire national system of official statistics, both at the national and at international levels.
Production process.
The production process of official statistics comprises 9 phases, as documented in the Generic Statistical Business Process Model
Data revision.
Even after they have been published, some official statistics may be revised. Policy-makers may need preliminary statistics quickly for decision-making purposes, but eventually it is important to publish the best available information, so official statistics are often published in several 'vintages'.
In order to understand the accuracy of economic data and the possible impact of data errors on macroeconomic decision-making, the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia has published a datasetthat records both initial real-time data estimates, and subsequent data revisions, for a large number of macroeconomic series. A similar dataset for Europe has been developed by the Euro-Area Business Cycle Network.
Data Sources.
There are two sources of data for statistics. Primary, or "statistical" sources are data that are collected primarily for creating official statistics, and include statistical surveys and censuses. Secondary, or "non-statistical" sources, are data that have been primarily collected for some other purpose (administrative data, private sector data etc.).
Statistical survey or sample survey.
A statistical survey or a sample survey is an investigation about the characteristics of a phenomenon by means of collecting data from a sample of the population and estimating their characteristics through the systematic use of statistical methodology.
There are various survey methods that can be used such as direct interviewing, telephone, mail, online surveys.
Census.
A census is a complete enumeration of a population or groups at a point in time with respect to well-defined characteristics (population, production). Data are collected for a specific reference period. A census should be taken at regular intervals in order to have comparable information available, therefore, most statistical censuses are conducted every 5 or 10 years. Data are usually collected through questionnaires mailed to respondents, via the Internet, or completed by an enumerator visiting respondents, or contacting them by telephone.
In 2005, the United Nations Economic and Social Council adopted a resolution urging: "Member States to carry out a population and housing census and to disseminate census results as an essential source of information for small area, national, regional and international planning and development; and to provide census results to national stakeholders as well as the United Nations and other appropriate intergovernmental organizations to assist in studies on population, environment, and socio-economic development issues and programs".
Register.
A register is a database that is updated continuously for a specific purpose and from which statistics can be collected and produced. It contains information on a complete group of units.
There are different types of registers:
→Administrative registers or records can help the NSI in collecting data. Using the existing administrative data for statistical production may be approved by the public because it can be seen as a cost efficient method; individuals and enterprises are less harassed by a response burden; data security is better as fewer people handle it and data have an electronic format.
→Private registers such as registers operated by insurance companies and employer organizations can also be used in the production process of official statistics, providing there is an agreement or legislation on this.
→Statistical registers are frequently based on combined data from different administrative registers or other data sources.
→For businesses, it is often legally indispensable to be registered in their country to a business register which is a system that makes business information collection easier.
→It is possible to find agricultural registers and registers of dwellings.
Even though different types of data collection exist, the best estimates are based on a combination of different sources providing the strengths and reducing the weakness of each individual source.
Official Statistics presentation.
Official statistics can be presented in different ways. Analytical texts and tables are the most traditional ways. Graphs and charts summarize data highlighting information content visually. They can be extremely effective in expressing key results, or illustrating a presentation. Sometimes a picture is worth a thousand words. Graphs and charts usually have a heading describing the topic.
There are different types of graphic but usually the data determine the type that is going to be used.
Release.
Official statistics are part of our everyday life. They are everywhere: in newspapers, on television and radio, in presentations and discussions. For most citizens, the media provide their only exposure to official statistics.
Television is the primary news source for citizens in industrialized countries, even if radio and newspapers still play an important role in the dissemination of statistical information. On the other hand newspapers and specialized economic and social magazines can provide more detailed coverage of statistical releases as the information on a specific theme can be quite extensive. Official statistics provides us with important information on the situation and the development trends in our society.
Users can gather information making use of the services of the National Statistical Offices. They can easily find it on the agency's website.
The development of computing technologies and the Internet has enabled users - businesses, educational institutions and households among others- to have access to statistical information. The Internet has become an important tool for statistical producers to disseminate their data and information. People are able to access information online. The supply of information from statistical agencies has increased. Today the advanced agencies provide the information on their websites in an understandable way, often categorized for different groups of users.
Several glossaries have been set up by different organizations or statistical offices to provide more information and definitions in the field of statistics and consequently official statistics.
Quality criteria to be respected.
The quality criteria of a national statistical office are the following: relevance, impartiality, dissemination, independence, transparency, confidentiality, international standards. There principles apply not only to the NSO but to all producers of official statistics. Therefore, not every figure reported by a public body should be considered as official statistics, but those produced and disseminated according to the principles. Adherence to these principles will enhance the credibility of the NSO and other official statistical producers and build public trust in the reliability of the information and results that are produced.
Relevance.
Relevance is the first and most important principles to be respected for national statistical offices. When releasing information, data and official statistics should be relevant in order to fulfil the needs of users as well as both public and private sector decision makers. Production of official statistics is relevant if it corresponds to different user needs like public, governments, businesses, research community, educational institutions, NGOs and international organizations or if it satisfies basic information in each area and citizen's right to information.
Impartiality.
Once the survey has been made, the NSO checks the quality of the results and then they have to be disseminated no matter what impact they can have on some users, whether good or bad. All should accept the results released by the NSO as authoritative. Users need to perceive the results as unbiased representation of relevant aspects of the society. Moreover, the impartiality principle implies the fact that NSOs have to use understandable terminology for statistics' dissemination, questionnaires and material published so that everyone can have access to their information.
Dissemination.
In order to maximize dissemination, statistics should be presented in a way that facilitates proper interpretation and meaningful comparisons. To reach the general public and non-expert users when disseminating, NSOs have to add explanatory comments to explain the significance of the results released and make analytical comments when necessary. There is a need to identify clearly what the preliminary, final and revised results are, in order to avoid confusion for users. All results of official statistics have to be publicly accessible. There are no results that should be characterized as official and for the exclusive use of the government. Moreover they should be disseminated simultaneously.
Independence.
Users can be consulted by NSOs but the decisions should be made by statistical bodies. Information and activities of producers of official statistics should be independent of political control. Moreover, NSOs have to be free of any political interference that could influence their work and thus, the results. They should not make any political advice or policy-perspective comments on the results released at anytime, even at press conferences or in interviews with the media.
Transparency.
The need for transparency is essential for NSOs to gain the trust of the public. They have to expose to the public the methods they use to produce official statistics, and be accountable for all the decisions they take and the results they publish. Also, statistical producers should warn users of certain interpretations and false conclusions even if they try to be as precise as possible. Furthermore, the quality of the accurate and timely results must be assessed prior to release. But if errors in the results occur before or after the data revision, they should be directly corrected and information should be disseminated to the users at the earliest possible time. Producers of official statistics have to set analytical systems in order to change or improve their activities and methods.
Confidentiality.
All data collected by the national statistical office must protect the privacy of individual respondents, whether persons or businesses. But on the contrary, government units such as institutions cannot invoke statistical confidentiality. All respondents have to be informed about the purpose and legal basis of the survey and especially about the confidentiality measures. The statistical office should not release any information that could identify an individual or group without prior consent. After data collection, replies should go back directly to the statistical producer, without involving any intermediary. Data processing implies that filled-in paper and electronic form with full names should be destroyed.
International standards.
The use of international standards at the national level aims to improve international comparability for national users and facilitate decision-making, especially when controversial. Moreover, the overall structure, including concepts and definitions, should follow internationally accepted standards, guidelines or good practices. International recommendations and standards for statistical methods approved by many countries provide them with a common basis like the two standards of the International Monetary Fund, SDDS for Special Data Dissemination Standards and GDDS for General Data Dissemination System. Their aim is to guide countries in the dissemination of their economic and financial data to the public. Once approved, these standards have to be observed by all producers of official statistics and not only by the NSO.

</doc>
<doc id="18646192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646192" title="Altropane">
Altropane

Altropane, (O-587, IACFT, 2β-carbomethoxy-3β-(4-fluorophenyl)-"N"-((E)-3-iodo-prop-2-enyl)tropane) is a phenyltropane derivative which acts as a potent dopamine reuptake inhibitor and long-acting stimulant drug. It has mainly been used as the 125I radiolabelled form for mapping the distribution of dopamine transporters in the brain, and consequently this has led to its development as a potential diagnostic tool for early detection of Parkinson's disease. It is also being investigated for potential use in the diagnosis and treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).

</doc>
<doc id="18646196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646196" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Jamshedpur">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jamshedpur

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jamshedpur () is a diocese located in the city of Jamshedpur in the Ecclesiastical province of Ranchi in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18646220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646220" title="Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 1000 metres

The men's C-1 1000 metres competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing between August 18 and 22. The C-1 event is raced in single-man sprint canoes.
Competition consists of three rounds: the heats, the semifinals, and the final. All boats compete in the heats. The top finisher in each of the three heats advances directly to the final, while the next six finishers (places 2 through 7) in each heat move on to the semifinals. The top three finishers in each of the two semifinals join the heats winners in the final.
Heats took place on August 18, semifinals on August 20, and the final on August 22.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1->Final, 2..7->Semifinals, Rest Out
Semifinals.
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, Rest Out
Final.
Menkov led for the early part of the race, but was passed at the 750 meter mark by defending Olympic champion Cal and defending world champion Vajda. The Hungarian pulled away in the final 150 meters to win his gold medal which he dedicated to his fallen teammate György Kolonics, who had died a month earlier training for the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18646223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646223" title="James Philip Hodge">
James Philip Hodge

James Philp Hodge (1879 – 12 July 1946) was a British Liberal politician and lawyer.
Family & education.
Hodge was the son Archibald Hodge of Hoole Park, Chester who had been miner in Fife. He was educated at the former Chester Cathedral Choir School. The school closed in 1975. He qualified as a chartered accountant and practised in Chester from the age of 21 but he relinquished this profession in favour of the law and was called to the bar at the Inner Temple in 1917 and practiced law on the Northern Circuit.
In the same year he married Anna Fortunée the daughter of Michel Venture a shipowner from Marseille. They had a daughter and a son. His wife died in 1944.
Military service.
Before the First World War Hodge served as a private in the Inns of Court Officer Training Corps. He later obtained a commission in the Army Pay Department and went to France in 1914. He also served in Salonika and Egypt.He was subsequently appointed Inspector of Pay Offices with the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel.
Politics.
Hodge was Liberal MP for Preston from 1922 to 1924. Preston was a two member seat at that time. In the 1922 general election the Labour candidate topped the poll, with Hodge taking the second seat from the sitting Conservative member, George Frederick Stanley.
At the general election of 1923, each of the political parties decided to stand only one candidate. The Tories thought seriously about putting up two candidates in the two member constituency on the grounds that this would have split the anti-Tory vote for the second seat and would have strongly discouraged their supporters from using the second vote for a Liberal or Labour candidate. In the event, Hodge held his seat. 
1923-24 saw the arrival of the first Labour government under Prime Minister Ramsay Macdonald. The Conservatives had won the most seats but had lost their overall majority. The general election produced a hung parliament and Labour took office as a minority administration with the support of the Liberals. However their position was precarious and although the Liberals were desperate to avoid a third general election in three years, it was Liberal action in Parliament which started the process which led the downfall of the government. Hodge, however, was one of 12 rebel Liberals who supported the government in the crucial parliamentary vote of October 1924 which in effect brought about the end of the first Labour government. It was not enough to ensure he held his seat however as he lost at Preston at the 1924 general election, his seat being taken by a Conservative. At first he remained as Liberal parliamentary candidate for Preston but gave up citing ill health in 1927. However seems to have been well enough to carry on his legal practice at least until 1929.
Outside Parliament.
Hodge took part in sculling, played golf and took a strong interest in Theology.

</doc>
<doc id="18646246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646246" title="2008–09 Egyptian Premier League">
2008–09 Egyptian Premier League

The 2008–09 Egyptian Premier League constituted the fifty-second season of the Egyptian Premier League since its establishment in 1948. The league comprises sixteen teams, with Al-Ahly the defending champions for the fourth year in a row and for the thirty-third time in total. The Egyptian season began on 8 August 2008 and ended on 24 May 2009.
Special Matches.
As in any league, certain matches are the highlights of the season. In Egypt, the matches that are anticipated the most are those among the "triangle of power" in Egypt, which consists of Ahly, Zamalek and Ismaily.
- Whether one refers to it as the "Egyptian Derby," the "Cairo Derby" or "Africa's Derby," Al Ahly v. Zamalek is one of the top derbies in the world. It is a match between Africa's most successful clubs, as they have 11 Champions League titles between them, five for Zamalek and six for Al Ahly.
- The Cairo-Ismailia Rivalry is another clash of the titans in Egyptian football, as Cairo-based clubs Ahly and Zamalek have mixed relations with the city of Ismailia, home to the Ismaily Sports Club, the third most decorated side in Egypt. The Zamalek-Ismaily games are usually peaceful as the clubs' boards and fans have had traditionally good relations with each other, unlike the relationship between Ahly and Ismaily fans.
The reason for the hatred between Ahly and Ismaily fans is not clear, but most agree that the main conflict stems back to the 1967 Six Day War. Israeli troops forced the people of Ismailia and most of the people living on the Suez Canal to evacuate and leave their homes, going westwards towards the inside of Egypt. Ismaily SC asked Al Ahly to host them, but the Cairo giants refused. This was a bitter blow to the relationship between both sides, and has always been a touchy point ever since. Also, during Ahly's reconstruction period in 2004, Ahly managed to sign a host of former Ismaily star players including Mohamed Barakat, Islam Al Shater and Emad Al Nahhas.
Highlights of the Premier League.
- Mahmoud "Shikabala" Abd El Razek, the Zamalek play-maker, was given a 6-month ban by FIFA due to irregularities in his transfer to Zamalek from Greek side PAOK on July 23 and fined 990.000Euros. He is expected to make his comeback on 7 November in Zamalek's home match against Al Mokawleen.
- Ahmed Hassan, Egypt's National Team captain, makes his first entrance to the Egyptian Premier League since 1998 with his new club Al Ahly from R.S.C. Andelecht for an undisclosed amount.
- Ghana's golden boy of CAN 2008 "Junior" Agogo was transferred from Nottingham Forest to Zamalek for a reported 800,000 Euros, a record signing an African player in Egypt.
- Former PetroJet's Ivorian forward Zika Jori stirred Egyptian newspapers with his flight to UAE to complete a transfer to Al-Wasl through buying out the remainder of his contract with the Suez-based club amounted to 350,000 USD. At the time he was the Egyptian Premier League's top goalscorer.
- Al Masry's general manager and Egyptian legend Hossam Hassan was given a 6 match touchline ban by the Egyptian FA and fined 50,000 Egyptian Pounds in Week 5 due to his arguments with the referee and the fourth official in Al Masry's away match with Egyptian Telecom.
- Al Ismaili managed to re-enter former star forward Mohamed Mohsen Abo Greisha into their ranks after returning from a one-year loan spell in Zhejiang Lucheng of the Chinese Super League. They contracted the veteran striker to a 3 years and a half contract.
- El-Masry Chairman and well-known Port Saidi businessman Sayed Metwally died during Week 10 due to Cardiac arrest. As such in the second set of matches of the week, teams wore black armbands. He was 68.
- Zamalek managed to contain Al Ahly in the 2nd leg Cairo derby and draw 0-0 after presenting a beautiful game using their youth products. Emerging as the unlikely hero of the night is Hazem Mohamed Emam, 21-year old silky full-back as he terrorized Ahly defenses early on.
- The draw with Zamalek and Ismaily winning Zamalek meant Al Ahly needed to win ENPPI at home to maintain a 2-point lead at the top of the table, but stiff opposition and countless refereeing quambbles Ahly drew 2-2. The trophy had a hand in red and a hand in yellow.
- The last match of the season saw Ismaili face relegated Tersana and Ahly facing Al Geish. Ismaily played their game and won 3-0 hands down and had to wait for Ahly's simultaneous match to end. Ahly had suffered a setback with Al Geish drawing first blood with a 1-0 lead. Al Ahly pushed in one of the team's most tense moments in the league. In 88th minute Abo Trika managed a header into the top corner of the goal to draw the game and Ahly pushed on for the second. That came in the 93rd minute through Ahmed Fathi to score Ahly's most important goal in the past few years. 19-year old striker Mohamed Talaat scored his first ever goal for Al Ahly since his transfer a few second later with a delightful chip above the Geish goalkeeper to confirm Al Ahly's win and the league is off to a tie-breaker in Al Max Stadium in Alexandria.
- 12,000 fans in the 18,000 capacity Al Max Stadium in Alexandria, home of Haras Al Hodood. Al Ahly faced Ismaily in a 1-leg play-off final after both teams had the same number of points. Al Ahly managed a 1-0 victory over their arch-rivals through Angolan pair Gilberto and Flavio. The Angolan winger whipped a cross inside the box for the unmarked Flavio to score his 12th goal of the season.
League Table 2008-2009.
"Last updated May 24, 2009, 2:20 AM GMT+2".
Top scorers.
Top Scorer by Field Position
"Last updated May 24, 2009, 11:59 AM GMT".
Stadiums.
Cairo International Stadium is home to Cairo giants El_Ahly and Zamalek. Ismailia Stadium is home to Ismaily SC. The recently opened Borg El Arab Stadium in Alexandria (capacity: 80,000) is currently mainly used for international competition, as it was constructed as part of Egypt's failed bid to land the 2010 FIFA World Cup. However, there is speculation that League sides from Alexandria will eventually call it their home grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="18646260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646260" title="Pune Metro">
Pune Metro

Pune Metro () is a proposed metro rail project in the city of Pune, India, and its surrounding Pune Metropolitan Area. The project is expected to be commissioned by 2013.
History.
Background.
The preparation of detailed project report (DPR) work was undertaken by the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation and they submitted their report on 15 August 2008. In 2010, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) delayed submitting the proposal to the Union government to make provisions in the annual budget for the project. Due to red tape and bureaucracy, the DPR was approved by the Maharashtra government only on 12 June 2012.
Pune Metro Rail Corporation (PMRC), a special purpose vehicle (SPV) to execute for the project, will be formed.
Elevated or underground?
Initial plans were to build a few sections underground and the rest elevated. However, citizens of Pune did not want elevated routes as they felt that the roads could not bear the increased traffic would result from the construction. Most roads were also too narrow to accommodate the pillars of elevated routes. It was decided that all the routes in the city would be underground, although the map and the details of phases showed elevated routes. In November 2011, the Maharashtra Government declared that all the routes would be underground. However, in April 2012, the PMC declared that all routes will be as per the DMRC report, mostly elevated and partially underground (in core city areas).
Plan.
Description.
Phase I.
The two routes that have been identified for the first phase are: 
Phase II.
The second phase of the project will contain two lines and the extension of first phase:
Future expansion.
The following routes and extensions have been proposed:
Line 1 (Pimpri-Chinchwad – Swargate).
The first line of the Pune Metro will run from Pimpri-Chinchwad to Swargate. This line will be elevated till Range Hills and then will be underground up to Swargate. This line will be further extended to Nigdi and Katraj/Hadapsar. This route will go via Bhosari, Khadki and Shivajinagar.
Line 2 (Ramwadi – Vanaz).
Line 2 will be the first line to be built. It will connect Ramwadi to Vanaz via Mangalwar Peth and Deccan Gymkhana. The line will be 15 km long and elevated. It is expected to cost . The main depot will be at Kothrud.
The line will be extended to Chandannagar and a separate line will go to the Pune airport.
Line 3 (Deccan Gymkhana – Bund garden).
<noinclude>
Line 3 will run from Deccan Gymkhana to Bund Garden via Swargate and Race Course.
Line 4 (Hinjawadi – ASI).
Line 4 of is from ASI to Hinjawadi. This is a completely elevated route. This is part of the second phase of the project.
Airport Line.
Pune Metro has a proposal of connection from Bhosari to New Pune International Airport. This line will go via Moshi and Chakan. This will be an elevated line.
Technical side.
The proposed routes are to be built mostly on elevated rails, with underground routes and extensions to follow in future phases.
The proposed fare structure in 2013–14 is to be a minimum of 7 for distances less than 2 km, and a maximum of 24 for distances above 30 km.
Cost.
The estimated project cost for Phase I and II are INR 69.6bn and INR 32.24bn respectively. The project cost will be funded by the PMC and PCMC together bearing 10% of this cost, the state government 20% and the central government will bear 20% of this cost. The remaining 50% will be obtained from loans. The state government's share of 20% includes the expenses of acquiring land, including government land, at market price.
Ticket Fares.
The expected ticket fares are:-

</doc>
<doc id="18646268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646268" title="Clipper Yacht Harbor">
Clipper Yacht Harbor

Clipper Yacht Harbor is a recreational marina located in the city of Sausalito, California, U.S.A. three miles away from the Golden Gate Bridge. Since 1947, it has been harboring boats up to 60’ feet in length. Clipper Yacht Harbor is the largest harbor in Sausalito, it features 800 slips and dry storage spaces. Clipper Yacht Harbor is the only full service harbor in Sausalito, which can accommodate all boating needs. 
Clipper Yacht Harbor is a home of Sausalito’s sport fishing fleet. Each boat performs the latest and most advanced fish finding and navigation equipment available. All vessels are certified by U.S. Coast Guard. The Sportfishing vessels can be chartered for the challenge and excitement of local sportfishing, nature observing, whale watching or for a special occasion.

</doc>
<doc id="18646275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646275" title="HMS Falmouth (1708)">
HMS Falmouth (1708)

HMS "Falmouth" was a 50-gun fourth-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Woolwich Dockyard to the 1706 Establishment of dimensions, and launched on 26 February 1708.
On 14 May 1724 "Falmouth" was ordered to be taken to pieces and rebuilt according to the 1719 Establishment at Woolwich Dockyard, from where she was relaunched on 3 April 1729.
Engagements.
HMS "Falmouth" took part in the destruction of the fortress of San Lorenzo el Real Chagres (March 22-24 1740), in Panama, as part of a squadron commanded by Vice Admiral Edward Vernon during the War of Jenkins' Ear. 
At 3 pm on March 22, 1740, the English squadron, composed of the ships Stafford, Norwich, Falmouth and Princess Louisa, the frigate Diamond, the bomb vessels Alderney, Terrible and Cumberland, the fireships Success and Eleanor, and transports Goodly and Pompey, under command of Vernon, began to bombard the Spanish fortress. Given the overwhelming superiority of the English forces, Captain Don Juan Carlos Gutiérrez Cevallos surrendered the fort on March 24, after resisting for two days.
"Falmouth" was broken up in 1747.

</doc>
<doc id="18646280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646280" title="Simon Says (The Outer Limits)">
Simon Says (The Outer Limits)

"Simon Says" is an episode from the sixth season of "The Outer Limits". It originally aired on 10 March 2000.
Synopsis.
A man who lost his wife and his son in a car accident several years ago has built a robot which has his son's memories.
Plot.
Gideon Banks, an electronic engineer, twenty years ago lost his wife Liz and son Simon in a horrific car accident. At that period of time he was working at so called the "Neural Archiving Project" — NAP for short. This technology was developed to create smart computers — transferring human engrams to computers.
The company eventually gave up on the technology, but Gideon didn't. After years of quietly perfecting it, he built at home a small robot, using parts he stole from "Concorde Robotics", where he now works. Zoe, Gideon's niece, discovers Gideon's secret, that the robot contains actual neural engrams from the Gideon's dead son Simon, which Gideon has integrated into the robot in hope to re-create his son. And now, the robot actually has memories of the real Simon.
Zoe becomes worried not only about Gideon but also about the robot that sounds and acts a lot like her little cousin used to. And she immediately suspects that the "boy" may not be the lovable little angel that her late cousin had been.

</doc>
<doc id="18646311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646311" title="John Fairbairn (educator)">
John Fairbairn (educator)

John Fairbairn (9 April 1794 – 5 October 1864) was a newspaper proprietor, educator, financier and politician of the Cape Colony. 
According to the Standard Encyclopaedia of Southern Africa, “The embryo of the State education system we know today, trial by jury, the principle of the mutual life assurance company – all these were fruits of his endeavours at the Cape”.
Early life.
John Fairbairn was born in Carolside Mill in the Parish of Legerwood, Berwickshire, Scotland on 9 April 1794, the son of James Fairbairn and Agnes Brack, who married at Lauder, Berwickshire 20 March 1783, James living in the Parish of Westruther, Berwickshire at the time.
He attended the University of Edinburgh where he studied Medicine "acquiring at the same time a more than passing knowledge of classical languages and mathematics". In 1818, however, he turned to education, and for more than 5 years taught at Bruce's Academy in Newcastle upon Tyne. Here he also joined the Literary and Philosophical Society.
In 1822, Thomas Pringle persuaded him to emigrate to Cape Town, promising a literary and teaching career in the recently annexed Cape Colony.
Fairbairn arrived in Table Bay on 11 October 1823 aboard the brig Mary. With Pringle, he edited "The South African Commercial Advertiser", southern Africa's first independent newspaper. 
Family life.
Fairbairn married Elizabeth (Eliza) Philip, daughter of John Philip on 24 May 1831.
Five children were born to Fairbairn and Eliza.
Fairbairn's wife, Eliza, died on 30 May 1840, four days after the birth of May Emma, at the age of twenty-eight.
As a widower, Fairbairn was responsible for the education of his children. Jane and Eliza were sent to a private school in Claremont, Mrs Rose's School for Ladies.
The convict ship.
The British Government made an attempt in 1849 to form a penal settlement at the Cape, but when the ship "Neptune" arrived at Simon's Bay, with 282 convicts aboard, the citizens declined to supply anything to persons having dealings with her. So strictly was this pledge observed that no food whatever was obtainable, either for the convicts or for the troops. During the riots which ensued, Newspaper Editor, John Fairbairn's house at Sea Point was wrecked by a crowd who had lost their employment through the boycott. In the end the colonists were victorious, and on 21 February 1850, the "Neptune" set sail for Tasmania.
Recognition.
“Few men could have lived lives as full of worthwhile activity as John Fairbairn did. Few men could have got so little recognition from history”.
A member of the Cape Parliament's Legislative Council, Fairbairn was a prominent supporter of the movement for "responsible government". Later, the first Prime Minister of the Cape Colony, John Molteno, hailed John Fairbairn as father of representative government and freedom of the press in the Cape.
When an English-medium co-educational high school was established in Goodwood, Cape Town in 1977, the School Governing Body decided to name it Fairbairn College.
Fairbairn Capital is an investment company within the Old Mutual group of companies. It was named after the founder of Old Mutual, John Fairbairn. According to the Fairbairn Capital website, in naming it Fairbairn Capital, “we recognise his contributions, draw on his heritage and laud his values”.
Old Mutual International is based in Fairbairn House in St Peter Port on the island of Guernsey in the Channel Islands.
On 24 August 1994, the John Fairbairn boardroom was opened at the South African Chamber of Business parliamentary information centre in Cape Town by SA Chamber of Business director-general Mr Raymond Parsons. The boardroom together with the Rainbow Room was sponsored by Shell SA and Old Mutual and is used for meetings of businessmen and politicians.
Death.
Fairbairn died suddenly in Cape Town on 5 October 1864 at the Wynberg home of his son-in-law, advocate F.S. Watermeyer, and was buried in the Somerset Road cemetery in Cape Town.
Before the levelling of the Somerset Road Cemetery and building started on the site in about 1922, a number of inscribed stones were lifted from their graves and deposited at the Woltemade cemetery at Maitland which had been opened as Cape Town's principal graveyard in 1886. Here can be found the stones of John Fairbairn, his wife Elizabeth and other members of the Fairbairn and Philip families.
Descendants.
In 1947 the British Government decided to give Marion Island and Prince Edward Island to South Africa, to prevent them falling into hostile hands. HMSAS Transvaal was dispatched in great secrecy, and on 4 January 1948, Lieutenant Commander John Fairbairn, great grandson of John Fairbairn, landed on Prince Edward Island and claimed the islands for South Africa. The meteorological station is known as Fairbairn Settlement and is on Transvaal Cove.
In 2007, Fairbairn's great great great granddaughter, Tessa Fairbairn, was awarded the Order of Simon of Cyrene. She was the head of St. Cyprian's School, a progressive girls’ boarding and day school in Cape Town, South Africa for 17 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18646323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646323" title="Creep (Mobb Deep song)">
Creep (Mobb Deep song)

"Creep" is the fourth and final single by rap duo Mobb Deep, from their album "Blood Money". The song features 50 Cent but the video accompanied with it was made and wasn't released. The B-side of the single is "It's Alright", featuring Mary J. Blige and 50 Cent.

</doc>
<doc id="18646329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646329" title="Steve Reynolds (singer-songwriter)">
Steve Reynolds (singer-songwriter)

Steve Reynolds is a singer-songwriter from Vancouver, British Columbia. Reynolds was nominated for a 2008 Grammy award for his album, the Carnival Papers. He has released three albums on various record labels. His song "Mistaken Identity" appears in the season 5 premiere for "Grey's Anatomy" along with dozens of other TV shows and film and ad campaigns.
History.
Reynolds was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada and based in Los Angeles and San Pancho, Mexico. He has most recently returned to his hometown, Vancouver. His second album "Exile" was released 24 January 2006 on 429 Records. "Exile" was described as "an impressive debut from a well-rounded musician" by "Performing Songwriter Magazine". Reynolds' third album "The Carnival Papers" was released 5 June 2008 on Savoy Records. He also appeared playing "Stage Fright" on the tribute album "" in 2007. His song "Mistaken Identity" appears in the season 5 premiere for "Grey's Anatomy".

</doc>
<doc id="18646344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646344" title="Fronteira dos Vales">
Fronteira dos Vales

Fronteira dos Vales is a Brazilian municipality located in the north-east of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 4,835 living in a total area of 318 km². The city belongs to the statistical mesoregion of Vale do Mucuri and to the statistical microregion of Nanuque. It became a municipality in 1963. 
Fronteira dos Vales is located at an elevation of 307 metres between the Rio Mucuri and the Rio Pampã. The nearest major population centre is Teófilo Otoni. The name came about because of the position between the two river valleys. 
The distance to Teófilo Otoni is 182 km; and the distance to the state capital, Belo Horizonte, is 725 km. Neighboring municipalities are: Santa Helena de Minas, Águas Formosas, Machacalis and Joaíma. 
The main economic activities are services, and subsistence agriculture. The GDP in 2005 was R$12 million, with 9 million from services, 1 million from industry, and 2 million from agriculture. There were 455 rural producers on 21,000 hectares of land. Only 5 farms had tractors (2006). 1,000 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main crops were coconuts, sugarcane, beans, and corn. There were 16,000 head of cattle (2006). There were no banks (2007) and 65 automobiles (98 motorcycles), giving a ratio of 75 inhabitants per automobile. 
The social indicators rank it in the bottom tier of municipalities in the state.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country--0,467--putting it in last place.
There were 6 health clinics and no hospitals (2006). Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Teófilo Otoni. Educational needs were met by 6 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 1 pre-primary school. 

</doc>
<doc id="18646350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646350" title="Animexx">
Animexx

Animexx is a German voluntary association ("Eingetragener Verein") for promotion of Japanese popular culture, in particular anime and manga. It was founded on 30 January 2000 in Munich when two other groups, 1. Sailor-Moon-Online-Fanclub and Animangai, merged. On 5 May 2008 Animexx became a member of Verband Deutsch-Japanischer Gesellschaften, a group of organizations and people interested the relations between Japan and Germany.
As of February 2010, the site claims to have over 126,000 members. Its site includes discussion forums, fanart galleries, and areas for publishing fanfiction and doujinshis. In association with Egmont Manga & Anime, and online magazine "AnimePro", they republish some doujinshi in anthologies. According to German magazine "Spiegel Online", it is "the largest web portal for Manga Artists in Germany".
There are over 10,000 dojinshi available on the site, which are quality controlled and checked for "legal acceptibility". Real-person slash is not permitted, and there is a "complete ban" on shotacon and lolicon. Schwarzer Turm, a small publisher that specialises in publishing German work, uses Animexx to find new artists to publish, and they publish manga anthologies together.
In May 2002, the group also began organizing the Connichi fan convention, as well four other smaller conventions: Hanami in Ludwigshafen, YukiCon in Zuffenhausen, J-Con in Merzig and Animuc in Fürstenfeldbruck.

</doc>
<doc id="18646354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646354" title="Gerald Coates">
Gerald Coates

Gerald Coates (born 1944) is the founder of "Pioneer", a Christian community established to "develop new churches across the UK and engage in mission globally." The Pioneer network is a neocharismatic group of evangelical churches. It is part of the British New Church Movement and can also be described as Restorationist. Coates himself was responsible for coining the term "New Church" to replace the more confusing former name "House Church Movement," of which he was also a founding member. Along with Roger T Forster of Ichthus Christian Fellowship and Lynn Green of Youth with a Mission, he was one of the founders of March for Jesus. He and his wife Anona have been married since 1966 and have three sons, one grandson and two grand daughters. Gerald and Anona live in Bookham, Surrey.
Current work.
Coates is an author and a broadcaster, in both secular and religious media. He leads a church in Leatherhead called "Engage" which was planted in the former Thorndike Theatre but now meets elsewhere. He founded and ran a series of training courses called "Insight", which is, in charismatic idiom, a "school of prophecy." He is the chair of the Charismatic Evangelical Round Table. He is involved with Pioneer's National Churches Forum, and CRAC (the Central Religious Advisory Council).
Gerald has now handed over the leadership of the Pioneer movement to Billy and Caroline Kennedy of New Community, Southampton.
Reputation.
P D Hocken says that Coates is a "dynamic and somewhat flamboyant figure, whose insistence on the gospel of grace has sometimes produced controversy." Karla Poewe notes his reputation for generosity when working with churches of other nations.
Bibliography.
"An Intelligent Fire" (Eastbourne: Kingsway,1991) ISBN 0-86065-860-0 - an autobiography
"Divided We Stand" (Eastbourne: Kingsway, 1987) ISBN 0-86065-396-X
"Gerald Quotes" (Eastbourne: Kingsway, 1984) ISBN 0-86065-295-5
See also.
British New Church Movement

</doc>
<doc id="18646359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646359" title="List of microbursts">
List of microbursts

This is a list of notable microbursts. 

</doc>
<doc id="18646374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646374" title="Ed Foster (writer)">
Ed Foster (writer)

Ed Foster (1949 – July 26, 2008) was an American columnist for InfoWorld, best remembered for his Gripelog column in InfoWorld, and his work opposing UCITA.
Career.
Foster worked at InfoWorld as a reporter, writer, editor, and publication executive for over 20 years. In 1993, he launched his popular column. "The Gripe Line", which later became an ongoing blog. Foster has also worked as a critic, essayist, and poet. His poetry has been published and translated into many different languages. He is the founding editor of Talisman: A Journal of Contemporary Poetry and Poetics, Talisman House, Publishers, and Jensen/Daniels, Publishers. Foster is the president of Greenfield Distribution. 
At Stevens Institute of Technology, Foster was a history professor and associate dean for administration. He was also a professor at Drew University Graduate Faculty, Beykent University, Haceteppe University, and at the University of Istanbul. Wrong Ed Foster. The one teaching at Stevens is still alive as of 2013.
Organizations.
Foster was on the Advisory Committee for the Middle East of the Council for International Exchange of Scholars. He is a member of the US Student Fulbright National Screening Committee for a number of countries. He also serves on the advisory committees for the Light Millennium, Inc., and as an associate member for the journal Reconfigurations.
Private life.
He had a son, Jeff Foster.

</doc>
<doc id="18646379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646379" title="Oda Nobukazu">
Oda Nobukazu

Biography.
Nobukazu was born as the ninth son of Oda Nobuchika and the daughter of Ogasawara Nagayuki. His childhood name was "Hyaku-tarō". His wife was the third daughter of Ōmura Sumiyasu, lord of Ōmura Domain in Kyūshū, and his concubine was the fourth daughter of Toda Takanaka of Utsunomiya Domain. He had three sons and three daughters.
On 1811-11-01, he had an audience with the Shogun Tokugawa Ienari. In 1818, on the death of his father, he succeeded to the lordship of Takabatake, and received the ceremonial court title of "Wakasa-no-kami" and lower 5th Court rank in 1820. In 1826, after the castle at Takabatake had burned down for a second time, he was ordered by the "bakufu" to shift its location to Tendō, a largely undeveloped forested and mountainous region within the territory of the same domain, where he ruled as first lord of Tendō from 1830-1936. His ceremonial court title was changed to "Echizen-no-kami". His grave is at the Buddhist temple of Korin-ji in Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="18646391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646391" title="Rolls-Royce RR500">
Rolls-Royce RR500

The Rolls-Royce RR500 is a family of small gas turbine engines being developed by Rolls-Royce Corporation . The RR500TP turboprop variant is intended for use in small aircraft. The RR500TS is the turboshaft variant designed for light helicopters.
Design and development.
The RR500 is a larger derivative of the Rolls-Royce RR300 turboshaft, with the engine core scaled-up for increased power. 
The basic weight of the engine with accessories is 250 lb (113 kg). The model produces around 500 shp (373 kW) for takeoff and can produce in continuous use. Like its predecessor the Rolls-Royce Model 250 and all turbine engines (including the competing Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6), it will use jet fuel rather than avgas. It is also claimed to require less frequent maintenance than piston engines of similar power, albeit with the higher maintenance costs associated with turbine engines.
A RR500TS turboshaft variant is also under development.

</doc>
<doc id="18646392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646392" title="Abirim">
Abirim

Abirim (, "lit." Knights) is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located in the Upper Galilee, three kilometres from Ma'alot-Tarshiha, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council. In 2012 it had a population of 193.
Abirim was established in 1980 and named for the nearby ruins of Metzad Abirim (Fortress of the Knights). It is located in the middle of a natural oak forest bordering the Nahal Kziv nature reserve.
According to Walid Khalidi, Abirim was founded on the land of the Arab village of Dayr al-Qassi. According to maps and reality on the ground that is false. Fassuta is the closest village. Some of its members have sold land for Abirim - and enjoy good neighborly relations with people of Abirim.
Abirim hosts an annual wine festival showcasing the wines of local vintners.Many of the residents run bed and breakfast establishments.

</doc>
<doc id="18646393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646393" title="David Porter (bishop)">
David Porter (bishop)

He was born in Wandsworth, London on the 10 May 1906 and educated at Hertford College, Oxford. He studied for ordination at Wycliffe Hall, Oxford before a curacy in Leeds. From 1935 he was Vicar of All Saints', Highfield, Oxfordshire and then from 1943 of All Saints, Darlington. From there he became Rector of Church of St John the Evangelist, Edinburgh and from 1964 to 1971 Dean of Edinburgh. In 1962 he was appointed suffragan Bishop of Aston, where he remained until retirement. 
In 1972 he moved to Brockhampton, Gloucestershire where he died on 14 May 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18646414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646414" title="Chakravakam (raga)">
Chakravakam (raga)

Chakravakam or Chakravaham (pronounced chakravākam) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale in South Indian classical music). It is the 16th "Melakarta" rāgam (parent rāgam) in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system. According to the Muthuswami Dikshitar school, this rāgam is called Tōyavēgavāhini. Chakravakam is close to Raga "Ahir bhairav" in Hindustani music.
"Chakravakam" is a raga that is known to incite feelings of devotion, sympathy and compassion in the listeners.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 4th "melakarta" in the 3rd "chakra Agni". The mnemonic name is "Agni-Bhu". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra gu ma pa dhi ni". Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras in Carnatic music" for details on below notation and terms):
The notes in this scale are "shadjam, shuddha rishabham, anthara gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, panchamam, chathusruthi dhaivatham" and "kaisiki nishadham".
It is a "sampoorna" rāgam - rāgam having all 7 swarams. It is the "suddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Ramapriya", which is the 52nd "melakarta".
Asampurna Melakarta.
Tōyavēgavāhini is the 16th "Melakarta" in the original list compiled by Venkatamakhin. The notes used in the scale are the same and the ascending scale and descending scale are same.
Janya rāgams.
"Chakravakam" has quite a few "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it, of which "Bindumalini", "Malayamarutam" and "Valaji" are popular.
See List of "Janya" Ragas for a full list of its "janyas".
Popular Compositions.
"Etula Brotuvo teliya" and "Sugunamule" by Thyagaraja, "Kānakkankoti vendum" by Koteeswara Iyer are also sung in concerts.
"Gajānanayutham" is a popular composition in "Tōyavēgavāhini", by the maestro Muthuswami Dikshitar, which is sung in a brisk tempo, unlike other compositions set to "Chakravakam".
There are a number of popular compositions in "Ahir bhairav" (Hindustani raga similar to "Chakravakam"), one of the most well known ones being "Pibare Rāmarasam" in Sanskrit, by Sadasiva Brahmendra.
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Chakravakam's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 2 other major "melakarta" rāgams, namely, "Sarasangi" and "Dharmavati". Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the Shadjam to the next note in the rāgam. For an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Dharmavati".

</doc>
<doc id="18646415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646415" title="HMS Ruby (1708)">
HMS Ruby (1708)

HMS "Ruby" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built by Sir Joseph Allin at Deptford Dockyard to the 1706 Establishment, and launched on 25 March 1708.
She achieved an unwelcome notoriety in March 1741 when her captain, Samuel Goodere, was convicted of murder at Bristol and subsequently hanged; he had enticed his elder brother, Sir John Dineley Goodere, 2nd Baronet, on board, and had caused him to be strangled in the purser's cabin.
"Ruby" was renamed HMS "Mermaid" in 1744, and was sold out of the service in 1748.

</doc>
<doc id="18646427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646427" title="Flashlight Seasons">
Flashlight Seasons

Flashlight Seasons is an album by the British band Gravenhurst.

</doc>
<doc id="18646432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646432" title="List of Cosby episodes">
List of Cosby episodes

The following is a list of episodes for the CBS television sitcom, "Cosby". The series aired from September 16, 1996 to April 28, 2000 with 95 episodes produced spanning 4 seasons. 

</doc>
<doc id="18646434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646434" title="USS Locust (AN-22)">
USS Locust (AN-22)

USS "Locust" (YN-17/AN-22) was an built for the United States Navy during World War II. She was later transferred to the French Navy as "Locuste" (A765).
She was sold to Malaysian owners but sank after striking a reef off Cikobia Island, Fiji, on 30 July 1978. She was towing the former French ship , which also sank.
Career.
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, "Locust" (YN-17) was laid down by the American Shipbuilding Company, Cleveland, Ohio, 18 October 1940; launched 1 February 1941; and placed in service 13 July 1941 for passage down the St. Lawrence River for a year of net-laying duties in the 3d Naval District off New York, New York, before commissioning December, 1942, LT R. Jordan, USNR, in command.
Assigned to the Service Squadron, Pacific Fleet, the beginning of 1943, "Locust" laid and tended torpedo nets, moorings, and buoys and participated in various towing and salvage operations in the South Pacific Ocean through World War II. 
The net tender was off San Cristobel Island, in the Solomon Islands, in April 1943 with Task Unit 32.4.7 when she came under attack the 5th. For about 5 minutes "Locust", with "YAG-26" in tow, was not only dodging fire from a Japanese bomber but also a torpedo from an undetected enemy submarine. 
Successfully evading the assault, she continued her small but vital role in the ultimate naval victory, serving in the Solomon Islands, Marshall Islands, and New Hebrides through her reclassification to "AN-22" on 20 January 1944. 
She departed for the U.S. West Coast 6 August 1945, arriving San Pedro, California, the 18th. With the postwar disarmament policy in force "Locust" spent the next 6 months moving from one west coast berthing area to another until 8 July 1946 when she decommissioned at Astoria, Oregon, and entered the Atlantic Reserve Fleet in the Columbia River, Oregon, where she remained until stricken from the U.S. Naval Vessel Register 1 September 1962. 
"Locust" was later sold to and commissioned in the French Navy as "Locuste" (A765). In later service, she struck a reef off Cikobia Island, Fiji, 30 July 1978 and sank.

</doc>
<doc id="18646439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646439" title="The Vampire Curse">
The Vampire Curse

The Vampire Curse is a Big Finish original novella collection, featuring Bernice Summerfield, a character from the spin-off media based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who", fighting vampires. It was published in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18646441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646441" title="Daniel D. Bidwell">
Daniel D. Bidwell

Daniel Davidson Bidwell (August 12, 1819 – October 19, 1864) was a civic leader in Buffalo, New York, before the outbreak of the American Civil War. He enlisted early in the war and then was appointed colonel of a regiment of infantry. He was promoted to general in command of a brigade in early 1864, leading it until he was mortally wounded at the Battle of Cedar Creek.
Early life.
Daniel Bidwell was born on August 12, 1819, in Buffalo, New York. He was raised in the city and educated in local schools. He involved in, and became the leader of, "D" Company Buffalo City Guard (an independent militia), before the war.
Civil War.
After the outbreak of war, Daniel Bidwell joined the 65th New York Infantry as a private but was promoted to the rank of captain. He then was involved in organizing the 74th New York Infantry. Bidwell next was appointed colonel of the 49th New York Infantry on August 1, 1861.
As regimental commander, he served in the Peninsula Campaign in the Second Division, VI Corps, Army of the Potomac. Bidwell apparently was not present at the Battle of South Mountain or the Battle of Antietam. In 1863, when VI Corps, under Maj. Gen. John Sedgwick, crossed the Rappahannock River during the campaign culminating in the Battle of Chancellorsville, Bidwell’s regiment served in the brigade of Brig. Gen. Thomas H. Neill in the Second Division, VI corps, now under Brig. Gen. Albion Howe. The 49th New York distinguished itself by fending off probing attacks launched by Confederate MG Jubal Early as Neill's brigade approached Fredericksburg, Virginia. Bidwell thereafter was involved in the Second Battle of Fredericksburg and the Battle of Salem Church. On the morning of May 4, 1863, Bidwell's regiment, with artillery support, fended off an attack by the 48th Virginia Infantry from the brigade of Brig. Gen. William "Extra Billy" Smith. The New Yorkers reported capturing 200 prisoners and the colors of that regiment. The 49th New York suffered only 35 casualties in these actions. Bidwell continued in regimental command at the Battle of Gettysburg, where he served under General Neill on the far right flank of the Army.
When the Army of the Potomac was reorganized for Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant’s Overland Campaign, Bidwell retained his command under General Neill, but they had a new division commander, Brig. Gen. George Getty. When Getty was wounded in the Battle of the Wilderness on May 5, 1864, Neill became acting division commander. Bidwell took over command of Neill’s brigade. The brigade had been detached from second division and sent to serve under Brig. Gen. Horatio Wright on the right flank of the Army. On May 6, Bidwell took part in an unsuccessful assault on the Confederate lines. Later in the day, when Confederate Brig. Gen. John B. Gordon attacked the exposed right flank of VI Corps, Bidwell's command was the third brigade from the right, with the commands of Brig. Gen. Truman Seymour and Brig. Gen. Alexander Shaler beyond it. Gordon's attack routed the brigades of Shaler and Seymour. Bidwell turned his brigade to face the Confederate advance and a portion of Seymour's brigade rallied on his line. This stand stopped Gordon's advance.
Bidwell led his brigade at the Battle of Spotsylvania, the Battle of Cold Harbor, and the earliest stage of the Siege of Petersburg. Colonel Bidwell was promoted to the rank of brigadier general on August 11, 1864.
Service in the Shenandoah Valley.
Bidwell was present at the earliest stages of the Siege of Petersburg. Thereafter, he served in Washington, D.C., and the Shenandoah Valley. When Jubal Early moved on the capital following his ousting Maj. Gen. David Hunter from the Valley, he crossed into Maryland. After winning the Battle of Monocacy, Early moved on Washington. He had been delayed just long enough for units of VI Corps to reach the capital. Bidwell’s brigade arrived just as the Confederates were advancing on Fort Stevens, one of the key forts on the perimeter of Washington. At a crucial stage of the Battle of Fort Stevens Bidwell's brigade moved out and pushed back Early’s troops. Bidwell’s command lost about one quarter of its numbers, about 250 of 1,000, in this action.
Bidwell next was in the field under the command of Maj. Gen. Philip H. Sheridan. Maj. Gen. Horatio Wright commanded VI Corps in the new Army of the Shenandoah, and Getty had resumed command of second division. Bidwell led his brigade at the Battle of Opequon, otherwise known as the Third Battle of Winchester, and the Battle of Fisher's Hill. At the Battle of Cedar Creek on October 19, 1864, much of the Army of the Shenandoah was ousted from its encampments by a surprise Confederate attack. VI corps was the last infantry command left contesting the enemy advance by 7:00 AM. When first and third divisions were forced to retreat, Getty's second division became the rear guard of the Union infantry force. Bidwell's brigade held the left flank of Getty's division with the 1st Vermont Brigade in the center and Col J. M. Warner's brigade on the right. This line held despite continued Confederate attacks and then artillery fire. General Bidwell was mortally wounded by a Confederate shell while commanding his brigade. Getty eventually had to withdraw to the line from which Sheridan, who had ridden in from Winchester, Virginia launched his successful counterattack. Lt. Col. Winsor B. French of the 77th New York Infantry commanded Bidwell's brigade after he was struck down.
General Bidwell was buried at the Forest Lawn Cemetery in Buffalo. A statue in this honor is located at Colonial Circle in Buffalo. His funeral march for piano was written by Karl August Goehle, a well known and respected musician and teacher in Buffalo. Library of Congress, "General Bidwells funeral march", LC Control No.: 52049003.

</doc>
<doc id="18646450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646450" title="Palaran Stadium">
Palaran Stadium

Palaran Stadium is a multi-use all-seater stadium in Samarinda, East Kalimantan, Indonesia. It was opened in 2008 and has a seating capacity of 65,000, making it the second largest stadium in Indonesia, after the Bung Karno Stadium. It is also the largest stadium in the island of Kalimantan/Borneo.
The stadium is the home base of Persisam Putra Samarinda, a football club playing in the Indonesia Super League. The stadium was the main venue for the 2008 Pekan Olahraga Nasional (national Olympic games).

</doc>
<doc id="18646470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646470" title="BAE Systems GA22">
BAE Systems GA22

The BAE Systems GA22 is an unmanned airship demonstrator programme in response to a need for low cost, long endurance UAV platform. Lindstrand Technologies is a major contributor to the programme.

</doc>
<doc id="18646479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646479" title="Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres

The men's K-1 1000 metres competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing on 22 August. The K-1 event is raced in single-person kayaks.
Competition consists of three rounds: the heats, the semifinals, and the final. All boats compete in the heats. The top finisher in each of the three heats advances directly to the final, while the next six finishers (places 2 through 7) in each heat move on to the semifinals. The top three finishers in each of the two semifinals join the heats winners in the final.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1->Final, 2..7->Semifinals, Rest Out
Semifinals.
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, Rest Out

</doc>
<doc id="18646490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646490" title="Stage Fright (The Band song)">
Stage Fright (The Band song)

"Stage Fright" is the title track of the Band's third album, Stage Fright. It features Rick Danko on lead vocals and was written by Robbie Robertson. 
Live performances of the song appear on "Rock of Ages", released in 1972, and on "Before the Flood", a live album of The Band's 1974 tour with Bob Dylan. It was also performed at "The Last Waltz". The studio version was released as a single in Denmark. The live version from "Before the Flood" was released as the B-side of Dylan's "Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine)" single in 1974.
According to Allmusic critic William Ruhlmann, the lyrics are about "the pitfalls of fortune and fame." Author Neil Minturn regards the subject of the lyrics to be "the history of The Band itself." The Band drummer Levon Helm has written that the song is about "the terror of performing." Others believe that the lyrics refer to Bob Dylan, who had stopped touring live during the late 1960s. Author David Yaffe suggests that "Stage Fright" could have been written about Dylan or about Robbie Robertson himself. "Time Magazine" praised the song's image of a plowboy, who in the opening of the song received "his fortune and fame" but "snce that day he ain't been the same." 
The song begins in the key of C major and that key is also prominent at the end. The keys of E minor and G major are also emphasized throughout the song. Since these keys are related to C major, they help reinforce the prominence of C major in the song. G major is also emphasized through the use of these keys and the related key of B minor. Tense lyrics about paying a price to be able to "sing like a bird" and a surprising shift to the unrelated key of F sharp major increase the tension of the bridge, which leads into Garth Hudson's organ solo. Minturn praises Hudson's sixteen bar solo for using rhythm, pace, rest and pitch to "work together to hold back, to balance or to tip forward at just the right time." Helm regarded the song as a "showpiece" for lead singer and bassist Rick Danko particularly in the use of a fretless bass, which according to Helm "gave the rhythm section a different feel."
Music critic Paul Evans praised the "penetrating psychological acuity" of its writing. "Rolling Stone Magazine" critic Dave Marsh called in one of the most notably fine moments of the "Stage Fright" album. Critic Mark Kemp called it a "highlight" of the album, further noting that it reveals "a growing sense of anxiety and cynicism" by the band."

</doc>
<doc id="18646504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646504" title="Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres

The men's C-2 1000 metres competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing between August 18 and 22. The C-2 event is raced in two-man sprint canoes.
Competition consists of three rounds: the heats, the semifinals, and the final. All boats compete in the heats. The top three finishers in each of the two heats advance directly to the final, while the top nine finishers from both heats move on to the semifinal. The top three finishers in the semifinal join the heats winners in the final.
Heats took place on August 18, semifinals on August 20, and the final on August 22.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, 4..7->Semifinal + 8th best time, Rest Out
Semifinal.
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, Rest Out

</doc>
<doc id="18646507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646507" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Khunti">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Khunti

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Khunti () is a diocese located in the city of Khunti in the Ecclesiastical province of Ranchi in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18646516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646516" title="HMS Chester (1708)">
HMS Chester (1708)

HMS "Chester" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Chatham Dockyard to the 1706 Establishment of dimensions, and launched on 18 October 1708. "Chester" was placed on harbour service in 1743 and was broken up in 1749.

</doc>
<doc id="18646520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646520" title="Wong Nai Tun Tsuen">
Wong Nai Tun Tsuen

Wong Nai Tun Tsuen (Traditional Chinese: 黃泥墩村) is a small village situated in the area of Shap Pat Heung, located in Tai Tong, which is situated in the north of Yuen Long, in the New Territories in Hong Kong.
It is close to the Lychee Mountain, which is situated in Tai Tong. The village consists of the offices for Shap Pat Heung, and also a little restaurant and a main bus stop connecting both sides of Yuen Long.

</doc>
<doc id="18646525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646525" title="Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 1000 metres

The men's K-2 1000 metres competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing between August 18 and 22. The K-2 event is raced in two-person kayaks.
Competition consists of three rounds: the heats, the semifinals, and the final. All boats compete in the heats. The top 3 in each of the two heats advances directly to the final, while the next four finishers (places 4 through 7) in each heat move on to the semifinals. The top three finishers in each of the two semifinals join the heats winners in the final.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, 4..7->Semifinal + 8th best time, Rest Out
Heat 2.
Sweden's disqualification as of 2009 was not given.
Semifinal.
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, Rest Out
Final.
Poland finished fourth originally, but was disqualified when Seroczyński tested positive for doping. After a year of deliberation and court cases, it was determined on 11 December 2009 that Poland was disqualified. Additionally, Seroczyński was banned from competition for two years. He is the first canoer to fail a doping test in the Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18646550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646550" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Port Blair">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Port Blair

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Port Blair () is a diocese located in the city of Port Blair in the Ecclesiastical province of Ranchi in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18646562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646562" title="Brenthurst">
Brenthurst

Brenthurst may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18646568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646568" title="John Benton Sterigere">
John Benton Sterigere

John Benton Sterigere (July 31, 1793 – October 13, 1852) was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
John Benton Sterigere was born in Upper Dublin Township, Pennsylvania, near what is today Ambler, to Peter Sterigere (1760–1806) and Ann Elizabeth Sterigere (née Haupt) (1770–1853). He worked on a farm and attended school. He was appointed justice of the peace in 1818 and was elected a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, serving from 1821 to 1824. He studied law, was admitted to the bar on November 17, 1829, and commenced practice in Norristown, Pennsylvania.
Sterigere was elected to the Twentieth Congress and reelected as a Jacksonian to the Twenty-first Congress. He served as the chairman of the United States House Committee on Private Land Claims during the Twenty-first Congress. He was a delegate to the state convention to revise the constitution in 1838, and a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate in 1839 and again from 1843 to 1846. He was a delegate to the 1852 Democratic National Convention. He edited the "Register" and was appointed by the State assembly as chairman of a commission to improve the town of Norristown. He died in Norristown in 1852. He is interred in Upper Dublin Lutheran Church Cemetery in Ambler, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18646581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646581" title="Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's K-4 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's K-4 1000 metres

The men's K-4 1000 metres competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing between August 18 and 22. The K-4 event is raced in four-person kayaks.
Competition consists of three rounds: the heats, the semifinals, and the final. All boats compete in the heats. The top three finishers in each of the two heats advance directly to the final, while the remaining four finishers in each heat move on to the semifinal. The top three finishers in the semifinal join the top heat finishers in the final.
Heats took place on August 18, semifinal on August 20, and the final on August 22.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, 4..7->Semifinal + 8th best time, Rest Out
Semifinal.
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, Rest Out

</doc>
<doc id="18646590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646590" title="The Villain (1917 film)">
The Villain (1917 film)

The Villain is a 1917 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.

</doc>
<doc id="18646593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646593" title="Jeremy's Run">
Jeremy's Run

Jeremy's Run is a stream in Page County, Virginia.
Jeremy's Run originates from rainwater flowing down the west slope of Elkwallow Gap in the Blue Ridge Mountains. Elkwallow Gap is a topographical saddle that divides Neighbor Mountain and Hogback Mountain, situated in Shenandoah National Park. Jeremy's Run flows southwest from the gap, to the Great Appalachian Valley.
Watercourse.
From Elkwallow Gap, the stream flows southward and later westward through a hollow that separates the northern arm of Neighbor Mountain from Knob Mountain. A hiking trail known as Jeremy's Run Trail crosses the stream 14 times in the national park. Jeremy's Run then takes a northwest course, and passes under Virginia Route 340. It tributes the south fork of the Shenandoah River west of the highway.
Drainage.
Jeremy's Run drains into the Shenandoah River, which in turn is part of the Potomac River watershed, which drains into the Chesapeake Bay.
Fishing.
There are many long pools in the lower section of the stream that are home to brook trout.
Route 340 Jeremy's Run Bridge.
A replacement bridge over Jeremy's Run on Route 340 is scheduled to be completed November 12, 2009. The projected cost is $7,674.952.55, and the work is being completed by General Excavation Inc. of Warrenton, Va.

</doc>
<doc id="18646602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646602" title="Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's K-4 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's K-4 500 metres

The women's K-4 500 metres competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing between August 18 and 22. The K-4 event is raced in four-person kayaks.
Competition consists of three rounds: the heats, the semifinals, and the final. All boats compete in the heats. The top three finishers in each of the two heats advance directly to the final, while the remaining four finishers from both heats move on to the semifinal. The top three finishers in the semifinal join the heats winners in the final.
Heats took place on August 18, semifinals on August 20, and the final on August 22.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, 4..7->Semifinal + 8th best time, Rest Out
Semifinal.
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, Rest Out
Final.
For the fourth straight Summer Olympics, a Fischer won a gold medal in the K-4 500 m only this time it was not Birgit, but her niece Fanny. Wagner-Augustin won her third straight Olympic gold medal in the K-4 500 m event while Kovács of Hungary won her third straight Olympic silver medal in this event.

</doc>
<doc id="18646610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646610" title="HMS Romney (1708)">
HMS Romney (1708)

HMS "Romney" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built by Sir Joseph Allin to the 1706 Establishment at Deptford Dockyard, and launched on 2 December 1708.
On 11 June 1723 orders were issued for "Romney" to be taken to pieces and rebuilt at Deptford according to the 1719 Establishment, and she was relaunched on 17 October 1726.
"Romney" was sold out of the navy in 1757.

</doc>
<doc id="18646615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646615" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Simdega">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Simdega

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Simdega () is a diocese located in the city of Simdega in the Ecclesiastical province of Ranchi in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18646639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646639" title="Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 500 metres

The men's C-1 500 metres competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing. The C-1 event is raced in single-man sprint canoes. This would be the last time the event would take place at the Summer Olympics. On 13 August 2009, it was announced by the International Canoe Federation that the men's 500 m events would be replaced by 200 m events at the 2012 Summer Olympics with one of them being K-1 200 m for the women. The other events for men at 200 m will be C-1, C-2, and K-1.
Competition consists of three rounds: the heats, the semifinals, and the final. All boats compete in the heats. The top finisher in each of the three heats advances directly to the final, while the next six finishers (places 2 through 7) in each heat move on to the semifinals. The top three finishers in each of the two semifinals join the heats winners in the final.
Heats took place on August 19, semifinals on August 21, and finals on August 23.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1->Final, 2..7->Semifinals, Rest Out
Semifinals.
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, Rest Out
Final.
Opalev's gold earned him a complete set of medals in this event, having won a silver in 2000 and a bronze in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18646660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646660" title="Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 500 metres

The men's C-2 500 metres competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics will take place at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing. The C-2 event is raced in two-man sprint canoes. This would be the last time the event would take place at the Summer Olympics. On 13 August 2009, it was announced by the International Canoe Federation that the men's 500 m events would be replaced by 200 m events at the 2012 Summer Olympics with one of them being K-1 200 m for the women. The other events for men at 200 m will be C-1, C-2, and K-1.
Competition consists of three rounds: the heats, the semifinals, and the final. All boats compete in the heats. The top finisher in each of the three heats advances directly to the final, while the next six finishers (places 2 through 7) in each heat move on to the semifinals. The top three finishers in each of the two semifinals join the heats winners in the final.
Heats took place on August 19, semifinal on August 21, and final on August 23.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, 4..7->Semifinal + 8th best time, Rest Out
Semifinal.
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, Rest Out
Final.
The Chinese duo repeated their gold from 2004 and had to be fished out of the water after when Meng Guanliang dived into the water right when crossing the finish line, causing the canoe to capsize.

</doc>
<doc id="18646668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646668" title="Nelson County High School (Kentucky)">
Nelson County High School (Kentucky)

Nelson County High School is a public high school located in Bardstown, Kentucky. Until 2012, it was the only high school in the Nelson County School District, and was by far the largest of the four high schools then located in Bardstown (one public and operated by the Bardstown city school district, one Roman Catholic, and one Protestant). In its final year as the county district's only high school, it had 1,435 students.
The school's attendance zone split with the 2012 opening of Thomas Nelson High School, located in an unincorporated part of the county that has a Bardstown mailing address.

</doc>
<doc id="18646681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646681" title="Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 500 metres

The men's K-1 500 metres competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing. The K-1 event is raced in single-person kayaks. This would be the last time the event would take place at the Summer Olympics. On 13 August 2009, it was announced by the International Canoe Federation that the men's 500 m events would be replaced by 200 m events at the 2012 Summer Olympics with one of them being K-1 200 m for the women. The other events for men at 200 m will be C-1, C-2, and K-1.
Competition consists of three rounds: the heats, the semifinals, and the final. All boats compete in the heats. The top six finishers in each of the four heats advances directly to the semifinal along with the top three times. The top three finishers in each of the three semifinals advance to the final.
Heats took place on August 19, semifinal on August 21, and final on August 23.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1..6->Semifinals + 3 best next by time, Rest Out
Semifinals.
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, Rest Out

</doc>
<doc id="18646682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646682" title="HMS Pembroke (1710)">
HMS Pembroke (1710)

HMS "Pembroke" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Plymouth Dockyard to the 1706 Establishment, and launched on 18 May 1710.
"Pembroke" served until 1726, when she was broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="18646684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646684" title="Texas Credit Union League">
Texas Credit Union League

The Cornerstone Credit Union League (Cornerstone) is a not-for-profit credit union league that publicly represents nearly 600 credit unions across Texas, Oklahoma, and Arkansas. It communicates with and educates the general public on credit unions as a safe and secure financial institution, provides professional development to practitioners in the industry and advocates for the credit unions on a state and federal legislative and regulatory level. More than 8.4 million members
Since its organization, both on a local and on a state level. Cornerstone achieves this through efforts with the 501(c)3 public charity, the Cornerstone Credit Union Foundation (CSCUF), including educational grants, financial literacy programs and more, or through providing training opportunities, chapter meetings, council meetings and various other awareness-raising activities.
In 2006, the Cornerstone Credit Union Foundation received a grant from the National Credit Union Foundation to implement a state-legislated financial education program for high school students. The project enables teachers in Texas school districts to deliver financial education curriculum. 
Additionally, Cornerstone has been an active provider of disaster recovery relief materials for its credit unions that may find themselves the victim of unexpected environmental causes. Most recently, in August and September 2008, hurricanes Gustav and Ike were under strict monitoring by the Cornerstone staff. Updates were posted on Cornerstone's homepage with e-mails circulating among employees and members to ensure their safety and awareness.
As a result of Hurricane Ike's destruction along the Southeast Texas coast, many families and workers within the credit union movement found themselves needing substantial assistance and relief efforts. Cornerstone began their charity relief "Adopt-a-Family" program in October 2008 as a means of providing these families in need achieve a sense of stability and hope for the holidays.
Publications.
Cornerstone has produced a number of printed and electronic publications over the years. Key among those are:
Credit Union Resources, Inc..
As an affiliate with Cornerstone, Credit Union Resources, Inc. (CURI) assists in the betterment of the credit union movement by providing goods and services that effectively raise membership numbers. Research, resource providers and additional membership services are available for credit unions to benefit from.
CSCUF Activity.
The Cornerstone Credit Union Foundation has made it their mission to empower people to improve their financial well-being. Be it through their participation with the National Endowment for Financial Education's High School Financial Planning Program (NEFE HSFPP), their generous grants, their annual charity golf invitational or their disaster relief services, CSCUF is committed to the "people helping people" philosophy that has shaped credit union development.

</doc>
<doc id="18646691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646691" title="Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres

The women's K-1 500 metres competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics will take place at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing. The K-1 event is raced in single-person kayaks.
Competition consists of three rounds: the heats, the semifinals, and the final. All boats compete in the heats. The top finisher in each of the three heats advances directly to the final, while the next six finishers (places 2 through 7) in each heat move on to the semifinals. The top three finishers in each of the two semifinals join the heats winners in the final.
Heats took place on August 19, semifinals on August 21, and final on August 23.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: Winner->Finals, 2...6->Semifinals, Rest Out
Semifinals.
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, Rest Out

</doc>
<doc id="18646696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18646696" title="Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 500 metres

The men's K-2 500 metres competition in canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics will take place at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing. The K-2 event is raced in two-person kayaks. This would be the last time the event would take place at the Summer Olympics. On 13 August 2009, it was announced by the International Canoe Federation that the men's 500 m events would be replaced by 200 m events at the 2012 Summer Olympics with one of them being K-1 200 m for the women. The other events for men at 200 m will be C-1, C-2, and K-1.
Competition consists of three rounds: the heats, the semifinals, and the final. All boats compete in the heats. The top three finishers in each of the two heats advances directly to the final, while the nine fastest times in both heats move on to the semifinals. The top three finishers in the semifinal join the heats winners in the final.
Heats took place on August 19, semifinals will take place on August 21, and finals on August 23.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Results.
Heats.
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, 4..7->Semifinal + 8th best time, Rest Out
Semifinal.
Qualification Rules: 1..3->Final, Rest Out

</doc>
