<doc id="18699858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699858" title="Ōgimachi Station (Kanagawa)">
Ōgimachi Station (Kanagawa)

Lines.
Ōgimachi Station is served by the Tsurumi Line, and is 7.0 kilometers from the terminus at Tsurumi Station. 
Station layout.
Ōgimachi Station has a single side platform serving bi-directional traffic. 
History.
Ōgimachi Station was opened on July 20, 1924 as a station on the privately held initially for freight operations only. Passenger services were started from October 28, 1930. The line was nationalized on July 1, 1943 and was absorbed into the Japanese Government Railways network. The station has been unstaffed since March 1, 1971. Upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on April 1, 1987 the station has been jointly operated by JR East and Japan Freight Railway Company. 

</doc>
<doc id="18699871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699871" title="Let's Get Christmas">
Let's Get Christmas

"Let's Get Christmas" is an EP by Mike Viola & the Candy Butchers released in 1999 as a throw-away bonus to the Candy Butchers then-recently released album Falling into Place. It includes 2 covers: an acoustic version of the Backstreet Boys' "I Want It That Way" (recorded live at The Kitchen on November 1, 1999), and a rocked up version of Mariah Carey's "All I Want for Christmas Is You."

</doc>
<doc id="18699880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699880" title="FT/S&amp;P-AWI">
FT/S&amp;P-AWI

FTSE All World Index Series.
History.
This index has been calculated since 31 December 1986, originally as the FT-Actuaries World Indices.
In 1995, Wood Mackenzie and Co., one of the original partners, sold its stake to Standard & Poor’s. The name of the index was changed to FT/S&P – Actuaries World Indices.
On 29 November 1999, FTSE International Limited acquired the stakes of Goldman Sachs & Co and Standard & Poor’s. The name changed to the FTSE World Index series.
FTSE took exclusive rights to integrate the Baring Emerging Markets data series with its existing FTSE World Index series. This resulted in the creation of the FTSE All-World Index series on June 30, 2000.
On September 22, 2003, FTSE introduced enhancements to improve the coverage of mid cap stocks in the index and remove some smaller stocks. In line with these enhancements, FTSE also launched the FTSE Global Equity Index Series.
The new All-World series is sub-divided into three segments – Developed, Advanced Emerging and Emerging Markets. 
The tabulation in the Financial Times is in $ (although calculations in other currencies are
available electronically to subscribers)
The Base Date is December 31, 1985
It covers 49 countries, with some 2,300 constituents.

</doc>
<doc id="18699896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699896" title="Khushboo (2008 film)">
Khushboo (2008 film)

Kushboo () is a 2008 Hindi romantic movie directed by Rajesh Ram Singh. The lead actors, Rishi Rehan and Avantikka, both made their Bollywood debuts with this film. The film was released in theaters on 20 June 2008. It is similar in theme as "Fools Rush In", a 1997 romantic comedy directed by Andy Tennant and starring Matthew Perry and Salma Hayek.
Story.
A young, ambitious and successful professional like Raghu needs to go to Chandigarh before his posting to New York as his last assignment. For Raghu career takes top priority in his life.
In Chandigarh, he seems to be destined to cross path with a girl to whom he is inadvertently drawn. But each time Pinky flits away even before he can approach her. When they do meet and get to know each other they realize that they share a very strong bonding. And as usual Pinky once again vanishes from Raghu’s life. When they accidentally bump into each other months later, Pinky has one request...that he meet her family just once. For Pinki family takes top priority in his life.
Raghu meets the big, boisterous Punjabi family only to be drawn into the warmth of the large family. Will Raghu be able to turn his back on a loving family? Will Raghu marry Pinky? Will Pinky change her mind about letting him go? Is career more important than a loving family? Raghu is in a dilemma but not Pinky... Khusboo is a love story that spreads the fragrance of love amidst strong family values...

</doc>
<doc id="18699897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699897" title="Jack Petchey">
Jack Petchey

Jack Petchey CBE (born 1925) is a businessman, now involved in many charitable enterprises. He was born and brought up in the East End of London. During the second world war, he served in the Royal Navy, and used his Navy discharge pay to start a car hire and car sales business. This grew into a business empire worth - in mid-2007 - over half a billion pounds. In 1969 he was involved with property development becoming one of the most successful businessmen in Britain.
The Jack Petchey Foundation, formed in 1999, has given over £42 million to youth programmes. He started an award scheme for young people recognising, "extreme endeavour and to help young people to help themselves". This scheme covers schools, Scouts, sports clubs, such as cricket clubs, and other organisations.
The foundation has a branch in Albufeira, Portugal, doing similar work to its British counterpart. 
The Petchey Centre for Entrepreneurship at the University of East London and the Petchey Academy are named after him.
He was nominated as a "Scouting In London Ambassador" for the Scout Association Region for Greater London at an Adult Appreciation ceremony in 2008.
He also owns the Petchey Leisure group, which is a timeshare company. The company has over 52,000 members and holds different types of timeshare including the famous 'Infiniti' point system, which was originally created by Disney but now, like Atlas (Weeks), is owned by Petchey Leisure.
Petchey was a director at West Ham United FC from June 1978 until 1989. He was also chairman of Watford F.C. for 10 years, buying the club from singer Elton John in 1987. Petchey resold the club to John in 1997. Jack Petchey awards are now given to young children for commitment. Petchey was appointed as Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 2004, and elevated to Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2011 Birthday Honours for charitable services.

</doc>
<doc id="18699904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699904" title="Jami Gong">
Jami Gong

Jami Gong is a Chinese American stand-up comedian.
Biography.
Jameson ("Jami") Gong was born in 1969 and raised in New York City's Chinatown.
Jami's first attempt at stand-up comedy came on a dare while he attended Syracuse University. After graduating from Syracuse with a geography degree, Jami moved back into his family's brownstone in Chinatown. He made a living selling sports souvenirs at Madison Square Garden, and in later years, working at a chain of men's clothing stores around New York City. At nights, Jami performed stand-up comedy, although he did not perform from 1993 to 1999 as a result of a poor performance that affected his confidence. He returned to stand-up after vowing to his sick grandmother that he would live life to the fullest.
In 1999, Jami, along with several friends, created www.ChinatownNYC.com, a website featuring information about Chinatown. Jami also became a licensed tour guide and conducted acclaimed walking tours in Chinatown. Later, Jami made stand-up comedy his full-time profession. He has appeared at comedy clubs all over the world, as well as on Late Night with Conan O'Brien.
In 2005, Jami produced the first National Asian Comedy tour, and also took the tour overseas to Asia. In February 2007, Jami founded The TakeOut Comedy Club Hong Kong,which is the first full-time comedy club in Asia. In 2009, the club expanded its operations to conduct shows in Macau and the Philippines.
Miscellaneous.
In 1995, Jami was knighted by the country of Malta. In 2004, Jami carried the Olympic flame through Lower Manhattan as an official torchbearer for the 2004 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18699915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699915" title="Bentembashi Station">
Bentembashi Station

Lines.
Bentembashi Station is served by the Tsurumi Line, and is located 2.4 kilometers from the terminus at Tsurumi Station. 
Station layout.
Bentembashi Station has an island platform serving two tracks. 
History.
Bentembashi Station was opened on March 10, 1926 as the initial terminal station on the privately held and initially for freight operations only. Passenger services started from October 28, 1930 when the line was extended to Tsurumi Station. The Tsurumi Rinkō line was nationalized on July 1, 1943, and was later absorbed into the Japan National Railways (JNR) network. The station has been unstaffed since March 1, 1971. Upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987 the station has been operated by JR East. 

</doc>
<doc id="18699936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699936" title="Rayón, Chiapas">
Rayón, Chiapas

Rayón is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 6,870. It covers an area of 94.4 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18699937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699937" title="Kirklees College">
Kirklees College

Kirklees College is a further education college with two main centres in the towns of Dewsbury and Huddersfield in West Yorkshire, England.
History.
The college was formed on 1 August 2008 after the Dewsbury College Dissolution order approved that the corporation of Dewsbury College be dissolved and all its property, rights and liabilities transferred to Huddersfield Technical College. On 1 August 2008 Huddersfield Technical College changed its name to Kirklees College.
Former colleges.
Part of Dewsbury College is the former Wheelwright Grammar School for Boys. It had around 450 boys in the 1960s and was administered by the County Borough of Dewsbury Education Committee.
Sites.
Dewsbury.
The Dewsbury centre has three campuses in and around Dewsbury. The Batley School of Art on Birkdale Road". The main campus is on Halifax Road, Dewsbury, about 200 yards from the main site. Wheelwright Campus is home to all of the art courses, but is also home to sports and fitness courses, due to the large playing field on its grounds. The centre operates an award winning Photographic course - BA Hons Contemporary Photographic Arts, a full-time three year honours degree from the University of Huddersfield. The course has a national reputation and has approval from the 'British Institute of Professional Photographers'.
Huddersfield.
A new campus has been constructed off Manchester Road, adjacent to the River Colne, just outside the Huddersfield town centre, at a projected cost of £85 million, to replace the New North Road Campus.
Accreditation.
The Leeds Metropolitan University validates the School of Art and Designs' flagship course B.A.Hons "Fine Art for Design", an internationally renowned and award winning course. Art, Design & Fashion. Since its creation in 1998 by Eve Jones and Richard Gray, students have gone on to study at The Royal College of Art, won the Unilever graduate of the year award and many other national and international prizes. The course exhibits in London every year at Free Range at the Old Truman Brewery on Brick lane.
Legal Action.
In November 2010 the college paid £5,000 compensation in a private settlement to a blind student, Tmara Senior, after legal action was taken against the school, for bullying by a teacher and other students in 2008. Tmara Senior and her husband Wayne, who is also blind said that they think it’s important that what happened to Tmara shouldn’t be “covered up” and “forgotten”.

</doc>
<doc id="18699941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699941" title="Juan de Córdova">
Juan de Córdova

Juan de Córdova (born 1503, at Cordova in Andalusia, Spain, of noble parents; d. 1595 at Oaxaca, Mexico) was a Spanish Dominican linguist, known for his studies of the Zapotec languages. It is not certain whether Córdova was his family name, or whether he assumed it from his native city after he became a Dominican. 
Life.
He was first a soldier, serving in Flanders as ensign. He then went to Mexico, and accompanied Coronado to New Mexico in 1540-42. 
In 1543 he entered the Dominican Order at Mexico, and was sent to Oaxaca in 1548, where he acquired the Zapotecan idiom and ministered to the Indians. He was named provincial in 1568. 
Brought up under military discipline, he administered as provincial with such severity, that there were many complaints against him to the chapter that congregated at Yanhuitlan in 1570. He refused to comply with the admonitions of his superiors and change his methods, and was accordingly suspended. With the exclamation: "Benedictus Deus!" he received the notification of his deposition, and, declining the interference of the Viceroy Enriquez in his favour, retired to his convent at Tlacochauaya in Oaxaca, where he died after twenty-five years spent in retirement and in the study of the Zapotecan language and the customs of the natives. 
Works.
He composed a "Vocabulario de la Lengua Zapoteca, ó Diccionario Hispano-Zapoteco" (Mexico, 1571, or, according to Ycazbalceta, 1578). The "Arte en Lengua Zapoteca" appeared in 1578 at Mexico. Besides the linguistic part, this book contains note on the rites and beliefs of the Zapotecan Indians, and an account of their method of reckoning time, republished by Manuel Orozco y Berra.
References.
(*DAVILA PADILLA, Hist. de la Fundacion y Discurso &ca. (Madrid,1596); 

</doc>
<doc id="18699944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699944" title="FTSE Global Equity Index Series">
FTSE Global Equity Index Series

The FTSE Global Equity Index Series was launched in September 2003, and provides coverage of some 8,000 stocks in 48 countries.
The family includes the FTSE SmallCap Index and broader FTSE Global All Cap Indices (large/mid/small cap) as well as the FTSE All-World Index Series (large/mid cap).

</doc>
<doc id="18699945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699945" title="Reforma, Chiapas">
Reforma, Chiapas

Reforma is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 34,809. It covers an area of 399.9 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18699952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699952" title="San Fernando, Chiapas">
San Fernando, Chiapas

San Fernando is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 26,436. It covers an area of 258.3 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18699966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699966" title="Kimi ga Iru Dake de">
Kimi ga Iru Dake de

Kimi ga Iru Dake de (君がいるだけで, lit. "Just by you being here") is a Japanese song by Kome Kome Club released on May 4, 1992. On the Japanese Oricon chart, it sold 924,780 copies in one week and debuted at the number-one position. It held the top rank in total of six weeks. It sold over 2.89 million copies and is the top-selling J-Pop single of the 1990s and fifth best-selling song in Japan since 1968, when the official Oricon sales records start. The song was the best promotion single of their new album "Octave", which sold around two million copies. The song won the grand prix award at the 34th Japan Record Awards of pops and rock genre.
It was used for the theme song of the drama "Sugao no Mama de", which starred 80's idol singer Akina Nakamori.

</doc>
<doc id="18699975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699975" title="San Lucas, Chiapas">
San Lucas, Chiapas

San Lucas is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 5,673. It covers an area of 154 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18699976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699976" title="Tsurumi-Ono Station">
Tsurumi-Ono Station

Lines.
Tsurumi-Ono Station is served by the Tsurumi Line, and is located 1.5 kilometers from the terminus at Tsurumi Station. 
Station layout.
Tsurumi-Ono Station has two opposed side platforms serving two tracks, connected by a level crossing.
History.
Tsurumi-Ono Station was opened on December 8, 1936 as on the privately held and for passenger operations only. The Tsurumi Rinkō line was nationalized on July 1, 1943 at which time the stop was elevated into status to that of a full station and given its present name. The station was later absorbed into the Japan National Railways (JNR) network. The station has been unstaffed since March 1, 1971. Upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987 the station has been operated by JR East. 

</doc>
<doc id="18699989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699989" title="Siltepec">
Siltepec

San Lucas is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 32,457. It covers an area of .

</doc>
<doc id="18700002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700002" title="Hier und Jetzt">
Hier und Jetzt

Hier und Jetzt (Ger.: "Here and Now") is the debut album by the German trio band Bisou. The album was released over rapper Bushido's label "ersguterjunge". He also produced and wrote the lyrics, together with Philippe Bühler.

</doc>
<doc id="18700010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700010" title="1979–80 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1979–80 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1979–80 campaign is one of Town's most successful in their history, gaining promotion from the Division 4 title, the last season in which Town won the divisional title. They finished two points clear of Walsall. In Mick Buxton's first full season in charge, Town scored 101 league goals, the only season in which Town have scored more than 100 league goals in their entire history. This ended Town's five-year stint in the basement division. The only season after this that they were in the 4th tier was in the 2003–04 season.
Review.
With Mick Buxton at the helm for his first full season, many were thinking that after his team's good form in the previous season, that promotion to Division 3 was possible and a good start to the season didn't dampen spirits. In the first 12 games, Town won 10 of them including a 7–1 win against Port Vale. But after a run in November and December of 4 games without a win, manager Buxton brought in Steve Kindon from Burnley just before Christmas. It proved to be an inspired signing, he scored 14 goals in his 23 games for Town during the second half of the season.
However, Ian Robins topped the goalscoring charts for the whole 4th Division with 25 league goals. He and Malcolm Brown were put in the "Divisional Team of the Season". They guaranteed their promotion with a 2–1 win over Scunthorpe United with 3 matches to go. Amongst other big victories were 5–0 victories against Northampton Town, Stockport County, Halifax Town and a 5–1 win over Rochdale. The last game of the season against Hartlepool United also saw Town scored their 100th and 101st league goals of their season, the only time Town have reached triple figures in goals in their entire history. They finished 2 points clear of Walsall in 1st position. This is their last season as champions of any division.

</doc>
<doc id="18700013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700013" title="Kokudō Station">
Kokudō Station

Lines.
Kokudō Station is served by the Tsurumi Line, and is 0.9 kilometers from the terminus at Tsurumi Station. 
Station layout.
Kokudō Station has two opposed side platforms serving two tracks.
History.
Kokudō Station was opened on October 28, 1930 as a station on the privately held for passenger operations only. The Tsurumi Rinkō line was nationalized on July 1, 1943 at which time the stop was elevated into status to that of a full station. The station was later absorbed into the Japan National Railways (JNR) network. In 1949, the station was used as a location setting for the Akira Kurosawa movie "Stray Dog". The station has been unstaffed since March 1, 1971. Upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987 the station has been operated by JR East. 

</doc>
<doc id="18700020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700020" title="GSIS-Meralco bribery case">
GSIS-Meralco bribery case

The GSIS-Meralco bribery case is a political controversy and pending legal case being heard by the Supreme Court of the Philippines. This complex case began with a complaint filed by the GSIS with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Philippines (SEC) questioning the unvalidated proxy votes used by the Lopez family in the last board election of the Manila Electric Company (Meralco). The SEC issued a cease and desist order (CDO) against Meralco, which was ignored by the latter. A show cause order (SCO) was then issued by the SEC, whereupon Meralco petitioned the Court of Appeals, questioning the jurisdiction of the SEC. The Court of Appeals issued a temporary restraining order (TRO) to the SEC while the Special 9th Division composed of Associate Justices Vicente Q. Roxas, Jose L. Sabio Jr. and Myrna Dimaranan Vidal heard the case. Roxas was assigned as the ponente while Sabio was the acting chairman.
Later, Sabio called a press conference and alleged that an emissary of Meralco tried to bribe him with P10 million to have a case transferred to another appeals court justice. The criminal charges are obstruction of justice and malfeasance in office. Sabio did not mention any names, but businessman Francis de Borja stepped forward and claimed that he was the alleged emissary, accusing Sabio of asking for a P50 million bribe to side with Meralco, in response to De Borja’s question “What will it take for you to resist the government’s offer?” The alleged government offer was a Supreme Court position. In the latter course of the investigation, Sabio let slip that his brother, PCGG Chairman Camilo Sabio, called him up twice to urge him to side favorably with the government. The late admission of the allegedly unethical and criminal action called into doubt the innocence of Sabio in coming forward with his expose and the veracity of his entire story. These acts are alleged to be punishable under Article 208 and 243 of the Revised Penal Code respectively.
It also came out during the course of the Supreme Court investigation that Court of Appeals Justice Vicente Roxas, the ponente of the controversial Meralco decision, had himself committed improprieties. One such impropriety was that Roxas preempted the legal opinion of Presiding Justice Conrado Vasquez that the Special 9th Division should have ruled on the case as per the Internal Rules of the Court of Appeals (IRCA), and not the 8th Division to which Roxas was transferred, and which eventually promulgated a ruling in favor of Meralco, with Justices Reyes and Apolinario Bruselas hastily signing the ponencia without going over or reading the memoranda submitted by concerned parties.
The Supreme Court, voting 12–1, ordered the dismissal of Roxas after he was found guilty of multiple violations of the canons of the Code of Judicial Conduct, grave misconduct, dishonesty, undue interest and conduct prejudicial to the best interest of service.
Sabio was suspended for two months after he was found guilty of simple misconduct and conduct unbecoming of a justice of the CA. Vasquez was severely reprimanded “for his failure to act promptly and decisively in order to avert the incidence that damaged the image of the Court of Appeals,” Reyes was found guilty of simple misconduct with mitigating circumstance, and Vidal was found guilty of conduct unbecoming of a justice of the appellate court for being “too compliant" when she allowed herself to sign the decision without reading the parties’ memorandum.
History.
It started on May 11, 2008, when the Government Service Insurance System (Philippines) (GSIS) accused Meralco of unlawful refusal to grant corporate access to documents despite the GSIS’ holding 4 seats in the 11-member Meralco board, amid GSIS' denial of plans to wrest control from the Lopez family.
The scandal originated from Meralco and GSIS row, after Sabio - in a letter-complaint against Justices Vicente Roxas and Bienvenido Reyes - complained of the circumstances that he was removed from the Meralco-GSIS case after a standard court reorganization, and an alleged bribe attempt by Manolo Lopez and Meralco in consideration for him giving way to Reyes' chairmanship of the CA's Special 9th Division It catches nationwide attention when businessman Francis De Borja surfaces and accuses Sabio via sworn affidavit that the justice had asked for P50 million to back away from the case, to counter a government offer of money and a Supreme Court appointment in exchange for a ruling favorable to GSIS.
Background.
In 1962, Don Eugenio López, Sr. acquired MERALCO and it finally became Filipino-owned, but Ferdinand Marcos, by decree, placed it under a shell company called the Meralco Foundation, Inc., controlled by crony under government controlled Napocor.
In 1978, Meralco was fully controlled by the Marcos administration, but its ownership was finally returned to the Lopez family after the People Power Revolution by President Corazon Aquino. By executive order, she allowed Meralco to directly compete with NAPOCOR.
Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo on May 2, 2008, announced plans to reduce Luzon high power rates, amid a “tough legal fight” with Meralco before state energy regulators. Accordingly, GSIS, through its President Winston Garcia, on May 11, stated it "planned not only to buy out the Lopez family and other shareholders in Meralco but also to break up its concession to promote efficiency and transparency." But Meralco chair and CEO Manuel Lopez said he was not selling the utility.
The cases and facts.
Oscar Lopez blamed the Arroyo administration's moves to take over Meralco in a “reverse privatization,” because of the Lopez-owned ABS-CBN's negative publicity against the government.
May 27 stockholders’ meeting.
During the May 27, 2008 stockholders’ meeting, GSIS' President Winston Garcia obtained an SEC “cease-and-desist order” to stop and defer the counting of proxy votes held by the Lopez group until questions on its validity were resolved. GSIS accused the Lopezes of “rigging” the process. GSIS failed to gain control of Meralco after a TRO from the Court of Appeals is issued, and the SEC order placed on hold. Meralco retained its 5 seats, the government its 4, while the 2 others are independent directors Artemio Panganiban and Vicente Panlilio. Aside from Manuel Lopez, the Meralco directors elected are Jesus Francisco, Felipe Alfonso, Christian Monsod and Cesar Virata, while the government board members elected aside from Garcia, are Bernardino Abes, Daisy Arce and Jeremy Parulan.
On May 30, the said temporary restraining order from the Philippine Court of Appeals, against the SEC order from the 9th division, composed of Justices Roxas and Vidal was released. They are joined by substitute Justice Jose Sabio, replacement for Justice Bienvenido Reyes who was on leave. Despite the return of Justice Reyes in time from his leave, and his trying to claiming back his post, Sabio refused to give up the position. The TRO is released with Sabio signing instead.
Senior Associate Justice Rodrigo Cosico retires, and the Court of Appeals undergoes a mandatory reorganization. Following court rules, the case followed the Justice-writer assigned to it, Justice Vicente Roxas. The case moved to the 8th division, composed of Justice Reyes, Roxas, and Bruselas.
The Court’s 8th Division renders a 57-page judgment authored by Justice Vicente Roxas on July 24 against the GSIS, affirming Meralco’s stance that the SEC has no jurisdiction over the issue.
A large scale negative media blitz is launched by unknown persons against the author of the decision Justice Roxas.
Justice Myrna Dimaranan-Vidal, together with Justice Jose Sabio, former special 9th Division members, challenged the decision, per letter to CA Presiding Justice Conrado Vasquez Jr., thus: "How can the 8th Division issue an order when it is the 9th that has been hearing the complaint of alleged irregularities in the Meralco election?" It is also the 9th Division that issued the temporary restraining order on the SEC order to Meralco on May 30."
Assistant Clerk of Court, lawyer Manuel Cervantes, said no irregularity had been committed when the 8th division came out with the decision instead of the 9th, simply a result of the reorganization of the court. "The case goes with the "ponente"(justice assigned to pen the case),” Cervantes explained. “Justice Vicente Roxas is the ponente. Even with the change in division, the case stays with him." “Due to the retirement of some justices, Justice Vidal was reassigned to the 6th Division while Reyes became chair of the 8th,” Cervantes said. Roxas was moved to the 8th division, Vidal went to the 6th, and Sabio to the 9th. And since the rule is that the case goes with the ponente,the 57-page decision was issued by the division of which Justice Roxas was now a part, he said. Permission is not required from the previous division nor its justices.
He said the IRCA (Internal Rules of the Court of Appeals) does not require the justices who issued the TRO be the same justices to render the decision.
The Court of Appeals Reorganization Office Order No. 200-08-CMV was issued by Presiding Justice Vasquez on July 4, three weeks before the decision was released.
Justice Jose Sabio refuses to let go of the Meralco GSIS case, and insists on being a part of the division to decide the case. He submits the case to the internal rules committee of the court, headed by Justice Edgardo P. Cruz. The Court of Appeals committee decides as early as June 20 that the committee, which clarifies internal rules of the court, rejects Justice Sabio’s argument that the pending case should go with him following a court reorganization. By the rules, the division headed by Justice Bienvenido L. Reyes should hear the leadership row at Meralco. Sabio disregards Cruz's recommendation on the basis he was only a "junior justice".
On July 26, Justice Sabio, with the encouragement of Justice Vidal (his colleague in the 9th Special Division) broke a bribery attempt news and wrote to P.J. Vasquez, Jr. . He joined Justice Vidal, initiating further, a media expose of their squabbles, alleging something “stinks” in the Meralco court ruling. Presiding Justice Vasquez released his opinion, also, per his July 24, 2008 Letter to Justices Bienvenido L. Reyes & Vicente Q. Roxas.
Businessman Francis de Borja emerges and reveals to the media a notarized and sworn affidavit that it was Justice Sabio who brought up a P50 million price for him to act in favor of Meralco in its dispute with the GSIS. Mr. de Borja asserts that Mr. Sabio had told him a Supreme Court seat was being offered in exchange for a ruling in favor of the GSIS, which is trying to wrest control of Meralco from the Lopezes. Expecting Sabio to answer that he would not be swayed by any offer and would rule according to his conscience, De Borja asked what it would take for him to resist the supposed government offer of a seat on the Supreme Court and money. He was taken aback when Sabio replied "P50 million”, and then left.
Presiding Justice Conrado Vasquez comes under fire in the newspapers. Vasquez is criticized of having been able to spare the Court this trouble on the court's integrity had he followed the recommendation of the rules committee. With Vasquez's opinion favoring Sabio despite the reorganization, and the lack of a preliminary injunction that would exempt Meralco from being transferred to Reyes’s and Roxas's division, doubt is cast on Vasquez's motivations. Vasquez was revealed to have multiple connections to the GSIS. Daughter Ruth works for the GSISCompany secretary, daughter Agnes is a dentist in the GSIS medical department, his niece for the GSIS Vice President. His sister Lenny Vasquez de Jesus is a current consultant for the GSIS and was a trustee from 1998-2004. She is also the "ninang" (godmother) of the youngest child of GSIS president Winston Garcia.
Manolo Lopez calls the accusations of Sabio a malicious and a pure fabrication. He vehemently denied the allegations, especially Sabio's accusation that he (Lopez) was waiting in the car during the meeting. He said he was out of the country for a medical check-up when the incident supposedly happened, and returned only last July 13. As proof, he showed tickets showing his departure dated June 27 and his arrival dated July 13.
The panel investigation finds out that Chairman Camilo Sabio of the Presidential Commission on Good Government(PCGG) called up his brother, Justice Jose Sabio Jr. twice. The first time on May 30, to lobby his brother to adopt the position of the Government Service Insurance System (GSIS) versus Manila Electric Co. (Meralco). This was hours before the Ninth Division of the Court of Appeals (temporarily headed by Sabio) issued a temporary restraining order in Meralco’s favor. Camilo called up Jose at 8 a.m., when the court’s practice is to hand down its decisions at 10 a.m. Then, after the Court of Appeals decided the case with finality on July 23, Camilo called up Jose again, asking why he hadn’t signed the decision.
When Camilo called the first time, he informed Jose that he was going to be the acting chairman of the Special Ninth Division of the court; and that furthermore, a TRO against the Securities and Exchange Commission order that the GSIS desired was being prepared. Camilo suggested to Jose that the latter shouldn’t sign the TRO. When Camilo called once more, it was to ask why the 8th Division, and not the Special 9th Division had decided. Justice Jose had lobbied strenuously to head the 8th even after Justice Bienvenido Reyes, the person he was substituting for, was back on the job.
Retired Supreme Court Justice Romeo Callejo Sr., one of those conducting the investigation, castigated Justice Sabio why he didn’t bring up the intervention of his brother previously—or reprimand his brother. “Why did you not report your brother’s attempt to influence you? That was unethical. You did nothing; you are a professor of ethics. Did you not consider that your brother’s attempt was criminal?” Callejo asked.
Sabio’s replies alternated between the irrelevant (his brother was older than he, he said) to patent hair-splitting (there was no outright offer of a bribe from his brother). They only reduced the reasonable doubt so far supporting Sabio by reducing the options the justice operated under to three: he was hopelessly naïve; he has been too clever for his own good; or he is a bumbling prisoner of circumstance, who has blown the lid off a legal system so thoroughly tainted it cannot absolve itself the longer the inquiry continues.
This called into question Justice Sabio’s squabble with fellow Reyes over who should have jurisdiction over the case. It explained why Justice Sabio would, in turn, on July 1, meet lawyer Francis de Borja to discuss a case he had every reason to know would be brought up by a party friendly to Meralco. It’s either that the Ateneo de Manila Law School’s professor of legal ethics had no comprehension of the subject he teaches or he is a plain and simple hypocrite. He brags about his being a righteous professor of legal ethics which we can never believe now after knowing from the investigation his lapses to perform what is expected of a member of the court.
This provided circumstantial evidence for concluding that Sabio was playing off both sides to see who might bid highest, confirming, incidentally, many details in De Borja’s affidavit while calling into question the completeness, and ultimately the veracity, of Sabio’s own statements.
Justice Sabio move to come forward to virtuously blow the whistle is cast in doubt by his selectivity. He denied allegations of Palace blandishments to do the GSIS’ bidding, but he left out his brother’s intervention. He is looking more and more like a double-dealer who got a juicy Palace offer but tried to cash in quickly by basically making it obvious to the other side he would be open to a counteroffer.
As a government official, Camilo’s act of calling his brother to influence his decision is punishable under Article 243 of the Revised Penal Code. Article 243 (orders or requests by executive offices to any judicial authority) states that :"Any executive officer who shall address any order or suggestion to any judicial authority with respect to any case or business coming within the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of justice shall suffer the penalty of arresto mayor and a fine."
As an official of the Court, Justice Sabio is mandated under Article 208 of the Revised Penal Code to report any possible violation of the law, with negligence and tolerance as the offending act. Article 208 states: “The penalty of prison correctional in its minimum period (six months and 1 day to 2 years and four months) and suspension shall be imposed upon any public officer or officer of the law who, in dereliction of the duties of his office, shall maliciously refrain from instituting prosecution for the punishment of violations of the law, or shall tolerate the commission of offenses.” The public is in anticipation whether criminal charges for bribery and violation of Article 208 of the RPC will be filed against Sabio the soonest possible time to determine the extent of his culpability.
The CA Justices in the case.
ABS-CBN and "Philippines Newsbreak Magazine" reported on the CA Justices of the case. ABS-CBN researched and published that:
Attempted bribery and discipline of Philippine jurists and lawyers.
Bribery attempt, in Philippine Jurisprudence, is considered a criminal offense or felony.
Philippine Court of Appeals Justices are under the administrative supervision of the Supreme Court of the Philippines, and may be disciplined by Disbarment or dismissal from service, under the Revised Rules of Court (1997 Code of Civil Procedure).
Also, the Philippine Court of Appeals' "Process of Adjudication" is governed by A.M. No. 02-6-13-CA 2005, the Revised Internal Rules of the Court of Appeals (RIRCA), Specific Amendments to, 2002 Internal Rules of the Court of Appeals, February 28, 2005.
The laws.
The Revised Internal Rules of the Court of Appeals (RIRCA) regarding the matter are as follows:
Justice Romeo Callejo, Sr., member of the 3-man panel investigation, Senator Francis Pangilinan and Akbayan Rep. Risa Hontiveros stated that the applicable laws are the following:
The Revised Penal Code of 1930, now defines the felony of attempted bribery and corruption of public officials as follows:
The Revised Rules of Court, now also provides for the discipline of jurists and lawyers, as follows:
R.A. 3019, provides as follows:
Application to this case.
Justice Sabio informed Philippine media that he was offered P 10 million (through a Makati businessman, which he rejected) to inhibit himself from the GSIS-Meralco case, which was decided by the 8th Division's Justice Vicente Roxas, the designated ponente, with the concurring opinions of Justices Bienvenido Reyes and Antonio Bruselas. Roxas was transferred from the 9th Division, when the case was pending. Sabio revealed to media that: “It turned out that he was brokering for Meralco.” Sabio appeared on a TV interview by GMA Network reporter Carlo Lorenzo in his chambers.
Cagayan de Oro City businessman Francis Roa de Borja, in his July 31, 2008 affidavit, swore that: "when he asked what it would take for him to resist the government offer, Sabio's reply was: “Fifty million (pesos)"; Sabio wanted to remain as acting chairman of the 9th Division because he was up to something; that Sabio consulted his other colleagues in the CA and they told him that he was in the right and should stick to his guns; that was then Sabio told Borja about the offer of unnamed government officials for a promotion at the SC and money for a favorable ruling for GSIS."
De Borja accused Sabio of twisting the facts: "No, I never said that. If you know Manolo Lopez -- he is somewhat aristocratic -- he would be the last person to wait for somebody in the car, and they did not know that he was abroad at that time. I said in my affidavit that he told me his wife would be waiting for him in the car and he says now that Manolo was waiting in my car..."
De Borja stated that he was ready to face charge of perjury and to take a lie detector test with Sabio before competent foreign experts and together: "It’s a free county, let him file it and we’ll see. I’m prepared, the moment I signed my affidavit obviously I considered the consequences so I wouldn’t have made up a story. And my third comment is he is a lawyer and a justice. He knows that a lie detector test is not admissible as evidence so why is he asking for it?’’ De Borja was interviewed and appeared at ABS-CBN News Channel's (ANC) Dateline Philippines, and he repeated his media statements: "No definitely not...He says that Manolo was waiting for me in my car. I never said it. And if you know Manolo...Can you imagine somebody like Manolo being made to wait in a car? Di ba, yung pagka aristocratic ni Manolo, maghihintay sa kotse? The fact is, he was abroad."
Meanwhile, a shadowy group, "Tanglaw ng Bayan," paid an advertisement on a Metro Manila newspaper, appealing "that the CA justices not be subjected to malicious imputations just to advance the agenda of powerful interests, and to allow the CA to "sort out its internal issues." In 2007, it also petitioned the Department of Trade and Industry (DTI) and the Senate to probe the "Hello Pappy" scandal.
On July 31, 2008, after a rare 3-hour, closed-door En Banc session attended by 64 CA Justices presided by P.J. Vasquez, Jr., the CA Clerk of Court Atty. Teresita Marigomen announced the appellate court's resolution:
Chief Justice Reynato Puno ordered all records of case be delivered forthwith to the high court, and the Supreme Court Public Information Office OIC said all magistrates of the high court would deliberate on the case on August 5.
Justice Roxas challenged the En Banc meeting as a “disguised investigation” of the 8th Division’s judgment on the Meralco case, further alleging that under the Internal Rules of the Court of Appeals, a case followed the ponente to whatever division the ponente went: “Besides, all hearings in the Court of Appeals are recorded and the members of the 8th Division only need the transcripts of the hearing or the memoranda, briefs, comments and replies of the parties—which are all written.”
Sabio, however, told media that he has text messages plus phone call records evidence to prove that Francis Roa de Borja bribed him.
Sabio's former client (1978), Evelyn Clavano, a Cagayan de Oro City resident, gave media, on August 1, an affidavit saying that: "Francis de Borja requested me if I have the cell phone number of Justice Jose L. Sabio Jr. He related that because he is very close to the Lopezes of Meralco, he wanted to call him (Sabio) regarding his possible inhibition in a certain Meralco case, wherein he was designated as a substitute member of the division vice a justice who was temporarily on-leave by reason of sickness. He further said that the Lopezes desire that the same Justice, with whom the Lopezes are more comfortable, to sit in the division. So, I gave Francis de Borja the cell phone number of Justice Jose L. Sabio Jr. through business card."
Meralco chair Manolo lopez, in a press conference on August 2, denied any involvement in the alleged bribery attempt: “I categorically and vehemently deny the allegations of Justice Jose Sabio. Mind you, I do not have the habit of waiting in the car for anybody except my wife. The are malicious and pure fabrication. I am a resident of Rockwell Center. I know Francis but I have not authorized him or anybody to make representations for on any matter that involves cases of Meralco and the Lopez family. We have retainers and lawyers to handle legal matters.I was out of the country when the alleged meeting between Francis and Justice Sabio took place. I was in the United States for a medical check up and returned on July 13." Lopez’s officials showed media, tickets of his departure, June 27, and his arrival, July 13.
The Lopez group led by First Philippine Holdings Corp. has a 33.47% share interest in Meralco, while the Philippine government financial institutions own 33.32%. Other shareholders hold 34.21%. Meralco said, the government share is, to wit: GSIS, 22.05%; Social Security System, 5.52%; Land Bank of the Philippines, 4.41%; Philippine Health Insurance Corp., 0.17%; and the Home Development Mutual Fund or Pag-IBIG, 0.17%.
CA chambers press conference.
Sabio, on August 1, First Friday, held a press conference in his CA and stated to media: 
Jurisdictional issue.
The internal strife and open quarrel over signature space on a judgment pushed the appellate court to the edge and is now at the center of a maelstrom. The Government Service Insurance System (GSIS), raised a legal point, challenging the 8th CA Division's judgment dismissing GSIS's petition filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (Philippines)
against Meralco. The certiorari and injunction CA lawsuit was raffled off to the CA’s 9th Division chaired by Justice Bienvenido Reyes (on leave at the time). A special raffle designated Reyes’ replacement, Justice Jose Sabio (as chair). With Justices Vicente Roxas and Myrna Vidal as members, the 9th Division heard the case. (The GSIS moved to inhibit Roxas on account of reports that "he met with Meralco lawyers on the day a temporary restraining order was issued by the CA, barring the SEC from taking jurisdiction over the GSIS complaint against Meralco.")
Sabio’s chairmanship issue with Reyes over the Special Ninth Division was overtaken by a July 4, 2008, reorganization at the Court of Appeals. Reyes and Roxas ended up in the 8th Division, which finally resolved the case in favor of the Lopez group on July 23. Sabio was reassigned as chairman of the 6th Division. Sabio later complained that Roxas penned the decision even before either side had submitted their arguments.
Justice Reyes failed to assume the chairmanship of the 9th Division in place of Sabio, and the CA’s 8th Division, chaired by Reyes and with ponente, Justices Roxas and Apolinario Bruselas as members, forthwith promulgated the challenged judgment in favor of Meralco. GSIS called the ruling, a “patent nullity for such dismissal the GSIS case before the SEC was not even prayed for by Meralco in its petition with the Court of Appeals.”
P.J. Vasquez wrote Justices Sabio and Vidal that as members of their newly reconstituted 8th division, they are not very familiar with the case. Vasquez earlier granted Sabio a verbal go-signal to proceed in hearing the June 23 oral argument. Vasquez reiterated that "Sabio’s 9th division, since it issued a temporary restraining order (TRO), and its members heard and participated in the June 23 hearing, should “sign and resolve” the case. To allow the new division of Justice B.L. Reyes as Chairman, Justice Roxas, as ponente, and Justice Bruselas, Jr. as the third member, the resolution of the pending incidents in the case will be participated by two (2) members who were not present and did not hear the arguments during the hearing on the injunctive relief…”
Certiorari.
GSIS, on August 13, 2008, in 65-page certiorari petition, asked the Supreme Court to nullify the CA judgment that prevented the SEC from case intervention, "considering the SC probe is still ongoing." It argued that the Special 9th Division should have ruled on the case.
Investigation.
A.M. No. 08-8-11-CA.
The Supreme Court, on August 4 created a panel composed of 3 retired Supreme Court justices, to investigate the scandal. The High Court's resolution "A.M. No. 08-8-11-C, August 4, 2008 - Re: Letter of Presiding Justice Conrado M. Vasquez, Jr. re: CA-G.R. SP No. 103692 ("Antonio Rosete, et al. vs. SEC, et al.)" directed chair Associate Justice Carolina Griño-Aquino, and Members Justices Flerida Ruth Romero and Romeo Callejo Jr. to conduct daily hearings from August 7, and submit the final report before August 21. In the docketed administrative matter, Reynato Puno, Consuelo Ynares-Santiago and Antonio Carpio inhibited for legal reasons. The SC PIO officer announced that: "The hearing will be opened to the public and to the media. It's going to be a regular hearing, like the oral argument, except that there will be no cameras inside the hearing room.”
Joker Arroyo criticized the High Court's ruling, saying it should be, as sitting Justices investigate the case instead, since: "Delegating the investigation to a panel of retired justices who in turn will submit their findings to the high court for review and determination akin to a trial by commissioners."
Judgment.
After the Panel of Investigators conducted hearings from August 8 to 23, 2008, it submitted on September 4, its 59 pages Report to the Court en banc. The panel found (page 44): “the investigation has revealed irregularities and improprieties committed by the Court of Appeals Justices in connection with the MERALCO case, CA-G.R. SP No. 103692, which are detrimental to the proper administration of justice and damaging to the institutional integrity, independence and public respect for the Judiciary.”
On September 9, the Supreme Court of the Philippines rendered a 58-page per curiam judgment, in this way:
In a 33-page per curiam resolution, the Supreme Court on October 15, 2008, denied with finality the motions for reconsideration of all but one of the Court of Appeals (CA) justices, including businessman Mr. Francis de Borja's.
CA covenant and DOJ probe.
On September 15, 2008, Chief Justice Reynato Puno led the moral enhancement covenant signing by the Justices of the Court of Appeals' chairpersons of the 23 divisions, and the members of all divisions, in simultaneous ceremonies at Manila, Cebu, and Cagayan de Oro City. The covenant incorporated a list of institutional reforms, enhancement program, and mandated "the revision of the Internal Rules of the Court of Appeals (IRCA), appointment of an Ombudsman at the CA, caseload reduction, the electronic raffling of cases filed, the appointment of a “Justice of the Day, and the “CA One-Stop-Shop.”
Accordingly, the Department of Justice (Philippines) panel, chaired by Undersecretary Ernesto Pineda issued subpoenas to Francis de Borja, Justice Jose Sabio, his daughter Atty. Silvia Jo Guiltiano Sabio and Evelyn Clavano for the September 19 preliminary investigation.
House Resolution 705.
Meanwhile, 2 pro-administration congressmen, Masbate Rep. Antonio Kho and Nueva Ecija Rep. Joseph Gilbert Violago, on August 4 called for a House of Representatives probe on the bribery case. Accordingly, House Resolution 705 was filed by Manila Representative Bienvenido Abante Jr., petitioning Congress, through the committees on energy and justice, to probe the bribery case.
Judicial corruption.
On January 25, 2005, and on December 10, 2006, Philippines Social Weather Stations released the results of its two surveys on corruption in the judiciary; it published that: a) like 1995, 1/4 of lawyers said many/very many judges are corrupt. But (49%) stated that a judges received bribes, just 8% of lawyers admitted they reported the bribery, because they could not prove it. 8-9; judges, however, said, just 7% call many/very many judges as corrupt10-11;b) "Judges see some corruption; proportions who said - many/very many corrupt judges or justices: 17% in reference to RTC judges, 14% to MTC judges, 12% to Court of Appeals justices, 4% i to Shari'a Court judges, 4% to Sandiganbayan justices and 2% in reference to Supreme Court justices 15.
CA controversies.
Created on February 1, 1936, the Philippine Court of Appeals was initially composed of Justice Pedro Concepcion as the first Presiding Judge and 10 Appellate Judges appointed by the President with the consent of the Commission on Appointments of the National Assembly. In March 1938, the appellate Judges were named Justices and their number increased from 11 to 15, with 3 divisions of 5 under Commonwealth Act No. 259. On December 24, 1941, there were 19 Justices under Executive Order No. 395. On February 23, 1995, R.A. No. 7902 expanding the jurisdiction of the Court effective March 18, 1995. On December 30, 1996, R.A. No. 8246 created six (6) more divisions in the Court, thereby increasing its membership from 51 to 69 Justices (additional divisions - 3 for Visayas and 3 for Mindanao, the court's regionalization).
The Supreme Court of the Philippines on March 21, 2008, upon recommendation of the investigator, Bernardo P. Pardo, dismissed Philippine Court of Appeals Justice Elvi John Asuncion for gross ignorance of the law and delaying motions of considerations. Asuncion was charged of receiving money placed in “2 gym bags delivered to his office.” The Supreme Court, however, found no substantial evidence of bribery, but it dismissed him for gross ignorance of the law for his issuance of an October 30, 2001, resolution in the case between Philippine National Bank, the National Labor Relations Commission and Erlinda Archinas. He was only the 2nd Court of Appeals jurist to be dismissed, since the first firing in Philippine judicial history of CA Justice Demetrio G. Demetria, for interceding in theDOJ drug case of Yu Yuk Lai.
The CA, thereafter became the center of controversy after Chief Justice Reynato Puno ordered an investigation of the so-called "Dirty Dozen," particularly on the alleged “sale” of "Temporary Restraining Orders" (Injunction, Restraining order abuse). On August 18, 2007, Atty. Briccio Joseph Boholst, president of IBP — Cebu City Chapter, opposed the abolition of the CA in Cebu City, for it will cause inconvenience for both litigants and lawyers. Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruben Reyes was tasked to investigate and submit recommendation to the High Tribunal because of the alleged massive graft and corruption of justices, especially in the issuance of temporary restraining orders (TRO’s).
On April 3, 2007, Philippine Court of Appeals Presiding Justice Ruben Reyes (now S.C. Justice) ordered an investigation and a regular auditing and inventory of temporary restraining orders (TROs) issued by the 69 CA Justices. Reyes stated: “I will order a monthly or quarterly inventory of TROs, for transparency and to watch the movements of the so-called Dirty Dozen 12 most corrupt CA justices.” Reynato Puno said that Ombudsman Merceditas Gutierrez had not yet submitted the list and the Supreme Court was waiting for its delivery amid her formal investigation against the “Dirty Dozen.”
On February 1, 2008, the Court celebrated its 72nd Anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="18700021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700021" title="Edward Anthony Hatton">
Edward Anthony Hatton

Edward Anthony Hatton (b. in 1701; d. at Stourton Lodge, near Leeds, Yorkshire, 23 October 1783 - according to some authorities, 1781) was an English Dominican apologist.
Life.
He was probably the son of Edward Hatton, yeoman, of Great Crosby, Lancashire, who registered his estate as a Catholic non-juror in 1717, and whose family appears in the recusant rolls. 
He received his education in the Dominican college at Bornhem, near Antwerp, where he was professed, 25 May 1722, taking the name in religion of Antoninus. Having filled the duties of teacher for several years, he was ordained priest and on 7 July 1730, he left college for the mission work in his own country. He first officiated as chaplain, in turn, to several gentleman in Yorkshire, and in the year 1749 he went to assist Father Thomas Worthington, O.P, at Middleton Lodge, near Leeds. After the latter's death, which occurred on 25 February 1753 (or 1754), Father Hatton was entrusted with the care of the mission. 
Shortly afterwards he was compelled to remove the mission to Stourton Lodge, where ultimately he succeeded in having a new chapel erected (1776), a few miles distant from the former site. Twice was Father Hatton appointed to the office of provincial of his order in England: on 21 May 1754-until the year 1758; his second term of office lasted from 7 May 1770, till 1774. In 1776 he began the mission at Hunslet, near Leeds, but did not live long to see its work.
Works.
His writings include: "Moral and Controversial Lectures upon the Christian Doctrines and Christian Practice (By E.H.)". To this work neither place of publication nor date is assigned. "Memoirs of the Reformation of England; in two parts. The whole collected chiefly from Acts of Parliament and Protestant historians", published (London, 1826; 2nd ed., 1841) under the pseudonym of Constantius Archaeophilus. 
Hatton is also the author of "Miscellaneous Sermons upon some of the most important Christian Duties and Gospel Truths", 7 vols., MS.

</doc>
<doc id="18700023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700023" title="Kontsevich invariant">
Kontsevich invariant

In the mathematical theory of knots, the Kontsevich invariant, also known as the Kontsevich integral of an oriented framed link, is a universal Vassiliev invariant in the sense that any coefficient of the Kontsevich invariant is of a finite type, and conversely any finite type invariant can be presented as a linear combination of such coefficients. It was defined by Maxim Kontsevich.
The Kontsevich invariant is a universal quantum invariant in the sense that any quantum invariant may be recovered by substituting the appropriate weight system into any Jacobi diagram.
Definition.
The Kontsevich invariant is defined by monodromy along solutions of the Knizhnik–Zamolodchikov equations.

</doc>
<doc id="18700032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700032" title="Pond Meadow School">
Pond Meadow School

Pond Meadow School is a small community special school located in Guildford, Surrey for students from 2 - 19.

</doc>
<doc id="18700042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700042" title="Aishwarya R. Dhanush">
Aishwarya R. Dhanush

Aishwarya Rajinikanth Dhanush (born 1 January 1982) is an Indian film director and classical dancer. She is the elder daughter of veteran actor Rajinikanth. She made her feature film debut with "3" (2012) starring her husband Dhanush. She has occasionally done playback singing.
Biography.
Aishwarya was born to actor Rajinikanth and Latha Rangachari. She has a younger sister, Soundarya Rajinikanth, who works in the Tamil film industry as well. Aishwarya is married to the Indian film actor Dhanush, with whom she has two sons, Yatra (born 2006) and Linga (born 2010).
She was a judge on STAR Vijay's dance competition "Jodi Number One" in its third season alongside actors Sangeetha and Jeeva. She became a playback singer with the film "Whistle" alongside Silambarasan, which was then followed by the song "Un Mela Aasadhan" in the film "Aayirathil Oruvan", for which she also worked as an assistant director.
In August 2011, she announced that she would direct her husband and Shruti Haasan in her first feature film titled "3", with Dhanush going on to clarify that it would be his only film under his wife's direction. The film gained high anticipation prior to release after the song "Why This Kolaveri Di" from its soundtrack, composed by her cousin Anirudh Ravichander, went viral and became an internet phenomenon. She appeared alongside the lead cast and composer in the making of the video.
Awards.
Aishwarya received the Kalaimamani award for Dance from the Government of Tamil Nadu. In 2012, she won the Newsmaker of the Year Award at the JFA Women Achievers Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18700044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700044" title="Timeline of the Iraq War troop surge of 2007">
Timeline of the Iraq War troop surge of 2007

Timeline of the Iraq War troop surge of 2007
January 2007.
U.S. troop levels in Iraq are at 132,000.
April, 2007.
U.S. troop levels in Iraq are at 150,000.
September, 2007.
U.S. troop surge hits its peak strength at 168,000. This number is maintained until November 2007 when troops begin drawdown.

</doc>
<doc id="18700048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700048" title="Boxing at the 1986 Central American and Caribbean Games">
Boxing at the 1986 Central American and Caribbean Games

The Boxing Tournament at the 1986 Central American and Caribbean Games was held in Santiago de los Caballeros, Dominican Republic from June 24 to July 5, 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18700055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700055" title="Caraculo">
Caraculo

Caraculo is a town in south-central Angola.
Transport.
It is served by a station on the southern line of Angolan Railways (CFM). Near this town the railway has been deviated from its original alignment to avoid steep gradients.
In 2008, a concrete sleeper factory was being established at this town.

</doc>
<doc id="18700069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700069" title="Falling into Place">
Falling into Place

Falling into Place may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18700074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700074" title="Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 62 kg">
Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 62 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 62 kg at the 1984 Summer Olympics was part of the wrestling program that was held at the Anaheim Convention Center in Anaheim, California.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18700075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700075" title="Kieran O'Gorman">
Kieran O'Gorman

Kieran O'Gorman (born 1972) is a retired Irish hurler who formerly played with Lismore GAA at club level and with Waterford GAA at inter-county level. 
O'Gorman generally played at either full-back or corner-back and was noted his large stature, standing at over tall. O'Gorman's main achievement was winning the All-Ireland Under 21 Hurling Championship in 1992 with Waterford GAA. O'Gorman also played for a number of years with the Waterford Senior Hurling Team.
O'Gorman played club hurling with Lismore GAA right into the 2000s. Success came early in his club career having won Waterford Senior Hurling Championships in both 1991 and 1993. Later on his career, he played in a Lismore GAA side notable for coming very close in the championship but ultimately failing at either the final hurdle or the semi final stage. He went on to lose a further 2 finals and numerous semi-finals, all to Ballygunner GAA.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18700091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700091" title="Thomas Lewis Brittain">
Thomas Lewis Brittain

Thomas Lewis Brittain (born near Chester, England, 1744; died at Hartpury Court, 1827) was an English Dominican.
Life.
Brittain's parents were Protestants, but at the age of sixteen Thomas became a Catholic. Shortly after his conversion he went to Picardy to pursue his studies, and later joined the Dominicans at Bornheim, where he made his profession 22 October 1767. Brittain's studies were continued at the Catholic University of Leuven, and subsequently he taught at Bornheim, where he was made regent of studies. In 1790 the doctor's cap, with title of Master of Sacred Theology, was conferred on him. 
The same year Brittain was transferred to Brussels where he became director of the exiled English Dominican nuns, an office he held for thirty-seven years. In 1794, when the French army was expected at Brussels, Father Brittain led the sisters to Bornheim; joined by eighteen Dominican fathers, they were then conducted by an American captain to England. Father Brittain secured a foundation for the sisters at Hartpury Court near Gloucester. 
On 3 May 1814, Brittain was elected provincial of the Dominicans, an office he held for four years.
Works.
He is the author of the following works: 

</doc>
<doc id="18700097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700097" title="Brown and Bye">
Brown and Bye

Brown and Bye was the name of a pilot situation comedy first aired on BBC4 in June 2008 and written by John Jennings-Westwood. Although aired at prime time and repeated twice more in the same week, lack of sufficient advertising only meant the show received 20,000 viewers. Such low figures meant that the show's following three episodes were subsequently cancelled.
Plot.
"Brown and Bye" is a sitcom based around two characters and best friends who run their own public house. Critics were quick to highlight the similar setting to the British classic "Open All Hours", but within the first two minutes of the pilot, the unique format of "Brown and Bye" was blatantly obvious.
The sitcoms two main characters "Yarts Bye" and "Ranj Brown" fit into the very familiar odd couple roles. "Yarts Bye", is a young, "call a spade a spade" Welsh bisexual, with what can only be described as alternative view on race and skin colour, that becomes more apparent the more he drinks. His fellow best friend and business partner, "Ranj Brown" is of Sri Lanken descent and although a quiet and placid gentleman when sober, transforms into a homophobic and abusive monster when intoxicated.
The result is a hilarious mix of pseudo-racist remarks and homophobic jibes that perhaps reflect a more realistic view of our society. Even so, the pilot episode received negative press, claiming it was nothing more than an excuse make racist comments and discriminatory jokes about homosexuals. Few critics realised the true nature of the show and the deeper message behind it.
Due to the bad press and poor viewing figures the show was axed.
Episodes.
Although six episodes were written in total for the first series, only three episodes were ever commissioned, of which only the pilot was ever aired.
The Pilot
In the pilot episode Ranj and Yarts finally realise their dreams by buying a local pub called the Loweken Arms in the heart of North London. They plan to have a big opening night extravaganza welcoming as many new clientele as possible. However, hilarity insues over what type of customers they both want to attract... In the end neither achieve what they want only alienating themselves from the local community. They do however make some new friends that endeavour to help them throughout their problems.
Where's My Mother****ing Pizza?
After a failed opening night Ranj and Yarts decide to try to spread the word about the pub by advertising in local stores and distributing drinks offers to potential customers. Yarts soon decides it may be a good idea to see and what the other pubs and bars are like in a bid to understand what the local community enjoy. This soon turns into bar crawl with both Ranj and Yarts getting extremely drunk and rowdy. They both return home craving food and so decide to ring up the local pizza takeaway. When their pizza fails to show up after an hour, Ranj and Yarts decide to take a trip directly to the store only to find it closed... The episode ends with Ranj and Yarts being escorted back to the pub by PC Canwen.
10 Pints of Lager and a 4AM Curry
Ranj and Yarts decide that the pub needs a complete image change and soon go about making major structural changes. However, their inexperience results in Ranj jackhammering into a water pipe and flooding the pub. With the pub out of action while the plumbers and builders repair the damage, Ranj and Yarts arrange to go for a drink with PC Canwen and Dan Fortune. One thing leads to another and before they all know it, it's three in the morning and they're all extremely hungry. PC Canwen leads the gang to an out of the way curry house that's open till 4AM. The owners are soon at loggerheads with Yarts and the situation is made no better by Ranj's insistence on exposing his genitalia.
Other characters.
PC Canwen
PC Canwen is a Welsh police woman first introduced in the pilot and immediately finds a new friend in Yarts, a fellow Welshman. Characterised by what Yarts describes as "a cracking pair of noughts" she plays a key part in bringing the locals back to the pub for more banter and "Baywatch" banter courtesy of Ranj. In episode 3, she initiates Ranj and Yarts in the 4AM curry.
Dan Fortune
The owner of the local Chinese takeway also makes his first appearance in the pilot after Yarts throws a brick through his shop window. The incident allows the introduction of PC Canwen to the pub where she helps to resolve the situation. After several pints of ale, Dan Fortune finds himself two new friends in Ranj and Yarts, goading them into evermore extreme money making schemes.
Mama Janet
Mama Janet is a 55 year old single woman who is the proprietor of the local pizza takeaway. In episode two she becomes the subject of abuse from Ranj after his late night pizza fails to turn up.
Trivia.
The actor who played Yarts Bye (David Tippet) was originally a fishmonger. He was asked to come for an audition after making a joke to the casting director about the large order of Pollock he'd just received.
In episode two Yarts is seen to buy a bottle of Gaymers apple cider but in the next shot it is quite clear that he is pouring a bottle of pear cider.
Ironically the actor who plays Ranj Brown is himself bisexual, whereas the actor who plays Yarts Bye got married when he was only 19 and now has 3 children.

</doc>
<doc id="18700109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700109" title="Seán Cullinane">
Seán Cullinane

Seán Cullinane (born 1969) is a retired Irish hurler who formerly played with Passage at club level and with Waterford at inter-county level.
Seán was both Passage and Waterford's number one full back for the late 1990s and at the start of the 2000s. Seán's final match for Waterford came on June 11, 2001 against Limerick at Pairc Ui Chaoimh. Seán's inter-county career finished on a sour note, losing to Limerick by 3 points, after having led the match by 11 points after 16 minutes. Since Seán's retirement, it can be said that Waterford GAA have failed to successfully replace him at full back with a number of players such as Tom Feeney, Kevin Moran, Declan Prendergast and Ken McGrath all having been tried out at the position.
Seán had a frustrating club career with Passage having lost three Waterford Senior Hurling Championship finals, most notably in the 1993 final, having lost to Lismore GAA by a single point in an incredibly wet and windy day in Walsh Park. While Seán's final match for Waterford was a disappointment, his last match for Passage was more of a fairytale ending. At the age of 38, Seán came on as a sub in the 2007 Waterford Intermediate Hurling Championship final where Passage beat Dungarvan by 6 points. This ensured that Passage would be back playing senior hurling in 2008.
Seán having now finished as a player at senior level, is head trainer at Passage.
In addition, he was announced as the second shock replacement in a week for the Waterford senior management team, alongside Kend Mcgrath for Nicky Cashin. Seán will act as defensive selector and coach under Michael Ryan for the 2012 season,replacing Br. Philip Ryan of Mt.Sion from 26/03/2012 onwards.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18700118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700118" title="BBC Weekend News">
BBC Weekend News

BBC Weekend News is the national news programmes on BBC One at a weekend and bank holidays although it is often referred to on guides simply as "BBC News", or if broadcast at 1:00pm exactly, "BBC News at One", 6:00pm exactly, "BBC News at Six" and 10:00pm exactly, "BBC News at Ten". The programmes are simulcast on the BBC News channel.
Format.
The programme airs three times Saturday & Sunday, firstly at 1:00pm to 1:10pm for 10 minutes, secondly at 6:00pm to 6:15pm for 15 minutes and thirdly at 10:00pm to 10:20pm for 20 minutes. The first two bulletins are followed by regional news.
Presenters.
The lunchtime programme is hosted by the duty news presenter for the BBC News channel. Both the early and late evening bulletins are presented by the same dedicated presenter.
Sports News.
During the late programme on each day a round up of the days sports news is presented from the BBC Sport Centre at MediaCityUK, Salford. This is usually presented by one of the BBC News channel sports presenters:

</doc>
<doc id="18700131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700131" title="Bitha">
Bitha

Bitha (, "lit." Tranquillity) is a moshav in southern Israel. Located in the north-western Negev near Ofakim, it falls under the jurisdiction of Merhavim Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 675.
The moshav was established in 1950 as a ma'abara named Hakam Ha-107 (lit. "The 107th Kilometer") after the milestone on the Beersheba-Gaza road which showed it to be 107 kilometers to Jerusalem. It was later converted to a moshav by immigrants from Yemen and was renamed Bitha, taken from the Book of Isaiah 30:15;
For thus said the Lord GOD, the Holy One of Israel: in sitting still and rest shall ye be saved, in quietness and in confidence shall be your strength; and ye would not.

</doc>
<doc id="18700133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700133" title="Aptostichus stephencolberti">
Aptostichus stephencolberti

Aptostichus stephencolberti is a species of trapdoor spider named after the American satirist Stephen Colbert. The spider was discovered on the California coastline in 2007.
Spider.
"Aptostichus stephencolberti" is found on coastal dunes that extend from the Big Sur area to the San Francisco peninsula at Point Lobos and Golden Gate. Compared to closely related species such as "Aptostichus angelinajolieae" (named after Angelina Jolie), "Aptostichus stephencolberti" is lighter in color. The male holotype and the female paratype both have brownish yellow legs, carapace and chelicerae, while the abdomen is lighter with dusky stripes. The male has six teeth, while the female has five.
Naming.
The spider was named after Colbert after he reported on his television series "The Colbert Report" that Jason Bond, a professor of biology at East Carolina University, named a different species of spider "Myrmekiaphila neilyoungi", after the Canadian rock star Neil Young. Colbert was angered by the fact that Bond had not named a spider after him, and began to appeal for a species of animal to be named after him. He claimed that he already had an eagle and a turtle named after him (although not taxonomically), so there was no reason that another animal could not be named after him as well.
On a later edition of "The Colbert Report", Colbert revealed that Bond would name a spider after him, with Colbert claiming, "And all I had to do was shamelessly beg on national television." The two men talked on the telephone to decide which spider should be the one to be so named, but as there were 27 different species of spider available, Bond was left to make the final choice.
The name "Aptostichus stephencolberti" was officially announced as the spider named after Colbert on "The Colbert Report" on August 6, 2008. Because Colbert pronounces his surname with a silent "T", the last "T" in "stephencolberti" is also silent.

</doc>
<doc id="18700140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700140" title="Raimundo Yant">
Raimundo Yant

Raimundo Rafael Yant Rivas (born October 2, 1964) is a former Venezuelan boxer. 
He competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, where he was defeated in the first round of the Men's Light Heavyweight (– 81 kg) by Algeria's Mohamed Benguesmia (11:15). A year earlier he captured the silver medal in the same division at the 1991 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18700145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700145" title="Estonian United Left Party">
Estonian United Left Party

The Estonian United Left Party (, Объединённая левая партия Эстонии, "Ob'edinënnaja levaja partija Estonii") is a political party in Estonia. It has left-socialist characteristics, and also seeks to represent the Russian minority in Estonia. It is a member of the European Left.
History.
In June 1988 Communist Party of Estonia (EKP), i.e. the Estonian branch of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, chief Karl Vaino was replaced by the reform-minded Soviet Ambassador to Nicaragua Vaino Väljas, the former ideological secretary of the EKP. Some of the Estonian members declared that they were fighting for Estonian national interests and tried to contribute to the solving of Estonian problems.
According to the statutes of party the party congress elects the Party Chairman and Executive board as well as nominates a consultative Central Council representing all regional organizations. Local policies are developed by local organizations, while central bodies formulate national policies.
EVP lost representatives in parliament on the 2003 elections when they got 2,059 votes (0,4%). In 2007 election, it fell further to 0,1% and again got no seats.
On 28 June 2008, Estonian Left Party (a left-socialist party) and the Constitution Party (one of two parties representing the Russian minority in Estonia) merged to form the Estonian United Left Party ("Eestimaa Ühendatud Vasakpartei").

</doc>
<doc id="18700155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700155" title="Eshbol">
Eshbol

Eshbol (, "lit." Spadix) is a moshav in southern Israel. Located in the north-western Negev near Netivot and Rahat, it falls under the jurisdiction of Merhavim Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 240.
The village was established in 1954 as a farm by members of the "Eshbol" organisation who were immigrants from Iran. Its name means the spike of maize.

</doc>
<doc id="18700175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700175" title="El Último Vals">
El Último Vals

"El último vals" ("The Last Waltz") is the first single from the album A las cinco en el Astoria by the Spanish pop/rock group La Oreja de Van Gogh. It is also the first single released after the departure of the former lead singer of the group Amaia Montero and with the new singer Leire Martínez. The song's lyrics are based on Martin Scorsese's 1978 concert film The Last Waltz.
Music video.
The music video for the song was filmed in Spain and was premiered in July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18700182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700182" title="Henry MacKinnon">
Henry MacKinnon

Major-General Henry MacKinnon (August 1773 – 19 January 1812), was a British soldier. He commanded the 45th Regiment of Foot, 74th (Highland) Regiment of Foot, and 88th Regiment of Foot in the Napoleonic Peninsular War under the Duke of Wellington. He was killed by the explosion of an enemy magazine during the Siege of Ciudad Rodrigo on 19 January 1812.
Prior to the Napoleonic wars, MacKinnon had a cordial acquaintance with Napoleon Bonaparte while the former's father resided in the French Province of Dauphiny when Napoleon was a frequent visitor to the region.

</doc>
<doc id="18700185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700185" title="Fernando Retayud">
Fernando Retayud

Luis Fernando Retayud Zubieta (born October 22, 1969) is a former Colombian boxer, competing in the light-flyweight division. He competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, where he was defeated in the first round of the Men's Light Flyweight (– 48 kg) by Mongolia's Erdenentsogt Tsogtjargal (2:8). A year earlier he captured the bronze medal in the same division at the 1991 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18700192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700192" title="Suzuki GSX-R750RK">
Suzuki GSX-R750RK

The Suzuki GSX-R750RK, also known as the RR, was a limited edition version of the Suzuki GSX-R750. Since 1989 only 500 were made.
Limited edition RR.
GSXR750RR (RK), the RR stood for race replica. It was designed by Takahiko Kawaguchi and its initial purpose, apart from being a "straight out of the crate racer", was a bike which could be tuned easier than its short-stroke predecessor the J, and K Suzuki GSX-R750s. This was mainly to cater for the smaller racing teams as the RK's engine reverted to the long-stroke style engine fitted in the original slabside models. Racing teams which were already adept at tuning the long stroke engine and so were more familiar with this revived long stroke design.
Distribution.
From the 500 originally produced, only 200 units were exported to Europe. Most of these ended up in Germany, UK, France and Holland, some went to Sweden, only a couple went to Norway and only one to Iceland. Out of the European 200, 50 units officially came to the UK, most went to racers and race teams, thus units which went to dealerships and sold to private customers were very limited. Its price in 1989 was almost £9000 which was enough to buy a small house, so most consumers opted for the Honda RC30 which was winning on the track at the time.
None were officially exported to the USA, possibly due to the high import tax tariff at the time on bikes with a displacement over , even though there was a large demand for racing bikes at the time due.

</doc>
<doc id="18700194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700194" title="Giordano Ansaloni">
Giordano Ansaloni

Giordano Ansaloni (Ansalone; Giordano di San Stefano) (1598 – 17 November 1634) was an Italian Dominican missionary in Asia. He is a Catholic martyr, beatified in 1981 and canonized in 1987 by Pope John Paul II.
Life.
Ansaloni was born at Santo Stefano Quisquina in Sicily. Having entered the Dominican Order and completed his studies at Salamanca, he was sent in 1625, together with many others, as a missionary to the Philippine Islands. Whilst serving as chaplain in a hospital for Chinese and Japanese at Manila he learned their languages. 
In 1631 he offered to go to Japan and arrived at the outbreak of the persecution in 1632. Disguised as a "bonze", he travelled over the land and administered the rites of the Catholic religion. 
He was arrested 4 August 1634, and subjected to tortures that lasted seven days. He was forced to witness the beheading of his companion, Thomas of St. Hyacinth, and sixty-nine other Christians. On 18 November he was executed at Nagasaki, Japan, by being suspended till dead from a plank with his head buried in the ground. 
Works.
Whilst detained in Mexico, on his way to the Philippine Islands, he wrote in Latin a series of lives of Dominican saints after a similar work by Hernando del Castillo. He left at Manila an unfinished treatise on Chinese religion.

</doc>
<doc id="18700197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700197" title="Aleh Negev">
Aleh Negev

Aleh Negev () is a rehabilitation village for disabled children and adults in southern Israel. Located near Ofakim and covering , it falls under the jurisdiction of Merhavim Regional Council. The 25-acre village is a mutli-faceted facility designed specifically for people people over the age of 21 who are physically or mentally impaired, and for children seeking care in Southern Israel. The village is home to 220 residents and provides services to 12,000 out-patients. The village provides residential, educational, medical and employment services, and opportunities for social interaction. It was founded by the Aleh organization. The village is also called Nahalat Eran after Eran Almog, the severely autistic son of Major General Doron Almog. Eran Almog lived in the village until his death from Castleman's disease.
The village was built by the "Aleh" organization, which was founded by Doron Almog. Ground was broken by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on 12 June 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18700220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700220" title="David Serradas">
David Serradas

David Wladimir Serradas Suárez (born May 17, 1969 in Valencia, Carabobo) is a former Venezuelan boxer, competing in the flyweight division. 
Serradas competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, where he was defeated in the qaurterfinals of the Men's Flyweight (– 51 kg) by Cuba's eventual silver medalist Raúl González. A year earlier he captured the silver medal in the same division at the 1991 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18700237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700237" title="2007 2. Divisjon">
2007 2. Divisjon

The 2007 2. Divisjon was the third highest football league for men in Norway.
26 games were played in 4 groups, with 3 points given for wins and 1 for draws. Nybergsund, Hødd, Sandnes Ulf and Alta were promoted to the First Division. Number twelve, thirteen and fourteen were relegated to the 3. Divisjon. The winning teams from each of the 24 groups in the 3. Divisjon each faced a winning team from another group in a playoff match, resulting in 12 playoff winners which were promoted to the 2. Divisjon.
League tables.
Group 1.
Sarpsborg pulled out of the 2. Divisjon due to a merger with Sparta Sarpsborg to form a First Division team Sarpsborg Sparta FK.
Group 2.
Lillestrøm 2 survived since Sarpsborg pulled out of group 1.

</doc>
<doc id="18700238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700238" title="Mabu'im">
Mabu'im

Mabu'im (, "lit." Springs) is a communal settlement in southern Israel. Located to the north-east of Netivot, it falls under the jurisdiction of Merhavim Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 1,100.
The village was established in 1958 as a village centre for the local moshavim. In the 1990s it grew rapidly as it absorbed new residents. Its name is derived from the Book of Isaiah 35:7;
And the parched land shall become a pool, and the thirsty ground springs of water; in the habitation of jackals herds shall lie down, it shall be an enclosure for reeds and rushes.

</doc>
<doc id="18700246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700246" title="PM2 (disambiguation)">
PM2 (disambiguation)

PM2 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18700273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700273" title="José Guzmán (boxer)">
José Guzmán (boxer)

José de la Cruz Guzmán (born March 5, 1963) is a former Venezuelan boxer, competing in the welterweight division. Fell down the stairs at age 4.
Guzman competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, where he was defeated in the first round of the Men's Welterweight (– 67 kg) by Kenya's Nicodemus Odore. A year earlier he captured the bronze medal in the same division at the 1991 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18700345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700345" title="Kam Tsin">
Kam Tsin

Kam Tsin (金錢), also known as Kam Tsin Tsuen (金錢村) is a village and an area in the North District, in the New Territories in Hong Kong. It located south of Yin Kong, west of Kwu Tung, Ngau Tei and Hang Tau. Its south and east is surrounded by Hong Kong Golf Club. The Fanling Bungalow and Fanling Lodge is on its southwest.
Features.
The village contains two temples which are used by the native Hau clan to worship their ancestors. One of these temples is open to visitors at weekends and on public holidays. There are also two schools and a kindergarten next to it.
The Earth God Shrine of Kam Tsin Tsuen is a Grade I historic building. The Hau Chung Fuk Tong Communal Hall and the Hau Mei Fung Ancestral Hall are Grade II historic buildings.
Transportation.
Although Kam Tsin is by the side of Castle Peak Road and Fanling Highway nowadays, it is not connected to these roads directly. The access to the area is Kam Tsin Road, a branch road from Castle Peak Road. 
Public transport access is by green minibus 50A from Sheung Shui Station or by a red minibus to and from Sheung Shui which only runs in the mornings. One can also access KMB bus 76K and red minibus 17, plus other green minibus services by crossing a footbridge over Fanling Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="18700347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700347" title="Modern High School">
Modern High School

Modern High School is an educational institution based in Hussaini Alam, Hyderabad, India. It has classes from Lower Kindergarten to 10th grade level. The institution conducts its classes as per the Secondary School Certificate (SSC) syllabus of the State Government of Andhra Pradesh.
School history.
Modern High School was established in July 1959. The school was founded by Syed Imaduddin Qadri.
The present correspondent of Modern High School is Smt. Rabia Begum.
Admissions.
Though the school is a minority institution, its admission is open to all students irrespective of caste, creed, religion or gender. For admission into Kindergarten, the school follows an admission policy.
Every year in January, one of the three schools in rotation conducts the admissions procedure for Kindergarten which involves an interview of the student and the parents. The number of students who apply for admission far exceeds the number of positions available and hence it is a very competitive process. Students are allowed to state their choice among the three schools but their choice is not guaranteed. A twenty-percent quota is generally reserved for economically backward students.
Academics.
Divisions.
The school has four academic divisions- Pre-primary, Primary, Middle and Senior.
The pre-primary division has four sections each of lower and upper Kindergarten. The primary division has four sections each of Classes I to III (Class III is equivalent to the Third Grade as it is called in the USA, Canada and some other parts of the world. Note that the word "Class" is used instead of "Grade" and the year is written in Roman Numeral). The pre-primary and primary divisions are housed in one campus, commonly called the "Primary School"
The Middle school has four sections each of Classes IV to VII and the High School has four sections each of Classes VIII to X. Both the Middle school and High School are housed in another building, commonly called the "High School Campus". The High School Campus and the Primary Campus are near one another on the same road.
Exams.
The academic year starts mid-June and ends in early April and is divided into three quarters. Examinations are held at the end of every quarter and every month.
At the end of Class X, the students take the State Government administered Secondary School Certificate Examination. At the end of Class VII also, students have to take a State Government administered exam. The school has displayed good performance in the public exams and has in several occasions had 100% pass results.
Houses.
The school follows a House system. The student body is split into four houses with an aim to promote competition among the students.
School ceremonies and traditions.
Investiture ceremony
Facilities.
Clubs:
Notable alumni.
Syed Jamalullah Qadri 
Syed Majeed Pasha Qadri
Shrinivas Acharya T ( Chairman, Vishwa Vishwani Group of Institutions) - www.vishwavishwani.ac.in

</doc>
<doc id="18700389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700389" title="Tifrah">
Tifrah

Tifrah (, "lit." will blossom) is a religious moshav in southern Israel. Located in the north-western Negev to the west of Eshel HaNasi with an area of 5,000 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Merhavim Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 1,400.
The moshav was established in 1950 by immigrants from Hungary and North Africa. Its name is taken from the Book of Isaiah 35:1;
The wilderness and the parched land shall be glad; and the desert shall rejoice, and blossom as the rose.

</doc>
<doc id="18700393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700393" title="Demography of Northern Ireland">
Demography of Northern Ireland

Northern Ireland is the smallest of the four countries of the United Kingdom in terms of both area and population, containing 2.9% of the total population and 5.7% of the total area of the United Kingdom. The island of Ireland consists of Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, a sovereign state independent of the United Kingdom. Northern Ireland contains 28.3% of the total population and 16.5% of the total area of the island of Ireland.
Northern Ireland, as recorded by the UK Census 2011, has a population of 1,810,863, an increase of 125,800 (7.5%) over the ten-year period since the last census. The population density is 133 people per km2, about half that of the United Kingdom as a whole but about twice that of the Republic of Ireland. The Belfast metropolitan area dominates in population terms, with over a third of the inhabitants of Northern Ireland.
Unlike most of the Republic of Ireland, Northern Ireland has a large proportion of Protestants and it's people speak dialects of English heavily influenced by the Scots language, largely because of the 17th century Ulster Plantation. Also unlike most of the Republic of Ireland, a large proportion of people in Northern Ireland have a British national identity.
Historic population trends.
† Data based on mid-year estimates
Place of birth.
Sources: "NISRA 2011 Census Country of Birth: administrative geographies, Accessed 3 June 2013" and<br> "NISRA 2001 Census Country of Birth: administrative geographies, Accessed 3 June 2013"
Ethnicity.
The following table shows the ethnic group of respondents in the 2001 and 2011 censuses.
Sources: "NISRA 2001 Census: Ethnic Group: Accessed 3 June 2013" and<br> "NISRA 2011 Census: Ethnic Group: Accessed 3 June 2013"
"See also Ethnic minorities in Northern Ireland"
Languages spoken.
English is by far the most commonly spoken language in Northern Ireland. Two regional languages of Northern Ireland, Irish and Ulster Scots, are protected under the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages. Several other languages are spoken amongst immigrants to Northern Ireland.
Main Language of All Usual Residents Aged 3 and Over in the 2011 Census.
Ability in Irish of All Usual Residents Aged 3 and Over in the Census.
Ability in Ulster Scots of All Usual Residents Aged 3 and Over in the Census.
Religion.
See also Religion in Northern Ireland and List of districts in Northern Ireland by community make-up
The following table shows the religion stated by respondents to the 2001 and 2011 censuses.
Source: "NISRA Census 2001: Religion administrative geographies, Accessed 21 December 2012"and<br> " NISRA 2011 Census Religion: KS211NI administrative geographies, Accessed 21 December 2012"
The religious affiliations in the different districts of Northern Ireland were as follows:
The religious affiliations in the different age bands in the 2011 census were as follows:
Religions broken down by place of birth in the 2011 census.
National Identity.
In Northern Ireland national identity is complex. Many in Northern Ireland have a British national identity seeing the English, Scottish and Welsh as fellow members of their common nation while seeing those from the Republic of Ireland as foreigners. Many others in Northern Ireland see those from the Republic of Ireland as being members of their common nation encompassing the island of Ireland and see the English, Scottish and Welsh as foreigners. Co-existing with this dichotomy is a Northern Irish identity which can be held alone or, as is also the case with Englishness, Scottishness and Welshness, alongside a British identity, or alongside an Irish identity. A small number of people see themselves as being both British and Irish.
While there is a strong correlation between religion and national identity, Catholics tending to identify as Irish and Protestants tending to identify as British, this is not an absolute relationship, and the correlation is much weaker amongst Catholics than it is amongst Protestants. Amongst Catholics geography also plays an important role, with Catholics in the east of Northern Ireland being more likely to call themselves British and less likely to call themselves Irish than Catholics in the west of Northern Ireland, though Belfast is somewhat of an anomaly to that pattern. There are four of the twenty six districts of Northern Ireland, all along the eastern coast, where more Catholics consider themselves British than consider themselves Irish.
While Protestants outnumber Catholics in only half of the districts in Northern Ireland those who consider themselves British outnumber those who consider themselves Irish in twenty of the twenty six districts in Northern Ireland. This is partly because Catholics are more likely to see themselves as British than Protestants are to see themselves as Irish, but is also partly because those of no religion are substantially more likely to see themselves as British as see themselves as Irish.
The Northern Irish identity is almost equally held amongst Protestants as amongst Catholics, and it varies little according to geography.
In the 2011 census respondents gave their national identity as follows.
By Religion
Detail by religion
By District
National identity by religion or religion brought up in for each district
By Age
National identity by place of birth.
National identity by ethnic group
Passports held.
As Northern Ireland is part of the United Kingdom those born in Northern Ireland have automatic British citizenship on the same basis and with the same provisos as those born elsewhere in the United Kingdom. As well as this, and despite the withdrawal of its constitutional claim to Northern Ireland in 1999, the Irish government also grants the right to Irish citizenship to those born in Northern Ireland on the same basis and with the same provisos as those born on its own territory. This means that most people in Northern Ireland are entitled to a British passport, an Irish passport or both, as they so choose. By agreement between the Irish government and Royal Mail post offices in Northern Ireland provide a service whereby customers can apply for an Irish passport, operating alongside their service whereby customers can apply for a British passport. In the 2011 census respondents stated that they held the following passports.
Age.
According to the Northern Ireland Statistics and Research Authority the average (median) age increased from 34 years to 37 years between the 2001 and 2011 Censuses. Over the same period, the share of the population represented by children aged under 16 years fell from 24 per cent to 21 per cent, while the proportion of people aged 65 years and over rose from 13 per cent to 15 per cent.
Source: Table 1 2011 Census: Usual resident population by five-year age group and sex, United Kingdom and constituent countries, Accessed 22 December 2011
Other miscellaneous statistics.
Life expectancy at birth:
"Men": 77.2 years
"Women": 80.8 years
Infant mortality rate:
6.4 deaths/1,000 live births (1999)
Total Period Fertility Rate (TPFR)[www.nisra.gov.uk/demography]:
2.06 children born/woman (2011)
HIV/AIDS prevalence rate:
0.024% (2005 est.)
People living with HIV/AIDS:
408 (2005)

</doc>
<doc id="18700421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700421" title="Fish Legal">
Fish Legal

Fish Legal, formerly company of Anglers Conservation Association was a money losing waterway society in England. Founded in 1948, it started out as the Anglers' Cooperative Association, but changed its name in 1994; it is based at Leominster, Herefordshire.
The ACA is an organization for the preservation of waterways, including canals, rivers, and off-shore water. It is concerned about water pollution, the effect of pollution on fish and any decreases in fish stock in some waters, thought to be caused by illegal fishing and net fishing; the ACA advises anglers on illegally depleting fish stocks and inappropriate fishing.
Following the merger of six UK angling governing bodies on 12 January 2009, Fish Legal became the Legal Arm of Angling Trust anglingtrust.net forming a unified governing body for the preservation of waterways and their use.
The ACA fights pollution and the resulting damage to fisheries on the freshwater waterways, rivers and lakes in the UK. This Association takes private legal action against polluters to the House of Lords and the European Court if necessary, but most cases are settled out of Court if the Environment Agency has not proceeded against the polluter.
In 2006-2007, seven Angling Governing Bodies composed of: Anglers Conservation Association Fisheries and Angling Conservation Trust (FACT)[http://www.factuk.co.uk/, National Association of Fisheries and Angling Consultatives (NAFAC)National Federation of Anglers (NFA)[http://www.nfadirect.com/, National Federation of Sea Anglers (NFSA)Salmon and Trout Association (S&TA)[http://www.salmon-trout.org/ and Specialist Anglers' Alliance (SAA)[http://www.saauk.org/] began a series of meetings and consultations to create a stronger and more unified governing body. Other bodies were consulted but did not merge for various reasons. Salmon & Trout Association (S&TA) pulled out of the merger consultations due to problems with their charitable status and Charities Law in England and Wales. Nevertheless, the merger was completed on 12 Jan 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18700464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700464" title="Oscar Peterson Plays Porgy &amp; Bess">
Oscar Peterson Plays Porgy &amp; Bess

Oscar Peterson Plays Porgy & Bess is a 1959 studio album by Oscar Peterson, playing selections from George Gershwin's 1935 opera, "Porgy and Bess".
Track listing.
All songs composed by George Gershwin, with all lyrics by Ira Gershwin and Dubose Heyward, unless otherwise indicated.
Personnel.
Recorded October 12, 1959, Los Angeles, California:

</doc>
<doc id="18700472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700472" title="Stabat Mater (Dvořák)">
Stabat Mater (Dvořák)

Stabat Mater (Op. 58, originally Op. 28 B. 71) for soli, choir and orchestra is a religious cantata by the Czech composer Antonín Dvořák based on the text of the Stabat Mater. The work was sketched in 1876 and completed in 1877.
Background.
The composing of the cantata was Dvořák's reaction to the death of his daughter, Josefa. The sketch was written between 19 February and 7 May 1876, and was dedicated to František Hušpauer ""as a souvenir to the friend of his young days."" However, Dvořák was forced to postpone the orchestration of the work due to his other obligations. He returned to the final stylisation of the composition in 1877, when his two surviving children died within a short time of each other. The definitive version of the score was written between the beginning of October and 13 November 1877 in Prague.
"Stabat Mater" is Dvořák's first work on a religious theme. It is divided into ten individual parts; only the first and the last part are thematically connected.
The first performance took place on 23 December 1880 at the concert of the "Jednota umělců hudebních" (Association of Musical Artists) in Prague. The performers included the operatic ensemble of the "České prozatímní divadlo" (Czech Provisional Theatre), under the conductor Adolf Čech, with the soloists Eleanora Ehrenbergů, Betty Fibich, Antonín Vávra and Karel Čech. The composer Leoš Janáček conducted the work a year and half later, on 2 April 1882, in Brno. Performances abroad (Budapest, London) soon ensued.
The cantata was published in score, with parts and piano vocal score (arranged by Dr. Josef Zubatý) by German publishing house N. Simrock in 1881. On this occasion Dvořák also changed the opus number.
Structure.
The composition consists of ten parts:
The first movement is an extended sonata-form in symphonic style. It opens with a long orchestral introduction, then repeated with the chorus. A contrasting second theme is introduced by the soloists. A development section leads to the return of the opening material.
The organ has an independent part accompanying the female semi-chorus in the fourth movement, and is not used otherwise.
Similarly, the cor anglais has a solo line in the opening of the second movement and is otherwise absent. Though not specified in the score, it can easily be played by one of the two oboists, as they are not playing during this section.
The final movement recalls the opening themes of the work, but then turns into the major key for a triumphant Amen fugue of considerable complexity.
The cantata is scored for an orchestra of: 2 flutes, 2 oboes, cor anglais, 2 clarinets in A, 2 bassoons, 4 horns (two in F, two in D), 2 trumpets, 3 trombones, tuba, timpani, organ and strings.
The solos are written for soprano, tenor, alto, bass, accompanied with the SATB choir.
The approximate duration of the work is 90 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="18700480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700480" title="Griff Jenkins">
Griff Jenkins

Griff Jenkins (born 15 December 1970) is an American conservative television and radio personality and producer for Fox News Channel. 
He works out of the FOX News Washington bureau, and occasionally co-hosts "Fox & Friends" Weekend. He is a frequent guest on "Red Eye w/ Greg Gutfeld", a late night news program. He worked as a producer for the Tony Snow Radio Program until Tony Snow accepted the role of White House Press Secretary. Before being hired by Fox News, Jenkins was the producer for the Oliver North Radio Program.
Jenkins reported on a Tea Party event in which the protesters were planning on "] the fools in DC" on March 14, 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="18700484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700484" title="Bendigo Workshops">
Bendigo Workshops

Bendigo Workshops is a railway workshop located in the provincial city of Bendigo, Victoria, Australia. They are located in the north of the city and occupies 10.3 hectare of land beside the junction of the Swan Hill and Echuca railway lines.
History.
The workshops were opened in November 1917 by the main rail operator in Victoria, the Victorian Railways. They were opened in response to political pressures from provincial groups for decentralisation, with the Victorian Railways preferring the cheaper option of expanding the existing Newport Workshops in suburban Melbourne. Furthermore, unemployment had risen in both Bendigo and Ballarat due to a decline in mining operations. The main work carried out was repairs and maintenance of existing wagons and locomotives, however during 1919-22 thirteen new steam locomotives were also built - eight Dd class (Dd 1033 - 1037, 1047 - 1049) and five A2 class (A2 1078 - 1082). 
From the 1950s onwards, numerous steam locomotives were scrapped at the workshops. During the years immediately following nominal dieselisation in 1968, they were, at times, cutting up locomotives at the rate of one every two to three weeks.
The workshops were also the site of the first VR brass foundry, which was transferred to Newport by the 1960s. Also throughout 1965 VLX louvred vans were constructed at the workshops, at a rate of one a week. Other tasks included spring manufacture, construction of stainless steel footwarmers, and assembly of pantographs for electric trains, with a staff of 720 employed during 1966. By the 1980s refurbishment work was also being carried out on Melbourne suburban electric multiple units.
The 1980s were also a time of restructuring, and on the breakup of the Victorian Railways the workshops passed to the State Transport Authority and then the Public Transport Corporation. With privatisation the workshops were closed, with the loss of 262 jobs. The site was used to store excess rolling stock, with 12 Hitachi suburban trains being stored there and becoming heavily vandalised, until they were returned to Melbourne in 2006.
The workshops were redeveloped in 2002 at a cost of $6.5 million - $4 million from VicTrack, $2 million from the State Government Regional Infrastructure Development Fund and $500,000 by the City of Greater Bendigo. The redevelopment was officially opened in 2004, with Empire Rubber (a division of Nylex) the major tenant, producing rubber vehicle components. The site covers 10.3 hectares of land and has 31 separate buildings, including a 10,000sqm main workshop building and 6 kilometres of railway track.

</doc>
<doc id="18700499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700499" title="FTSE Developed Europe Index">
FTSE Developed Europe Index

The FTSE Developed Europe Ex UK Index.
The FTSE Developed Europe ex UK Index comprises large (45%) and mid (55%) cap stocks covering 15 Developed markets in Europe excluding the UK. It was launched on June 30, 2000. The Base Date is December 31, 1986.
The index is derived from the FTSE Global Equity Index Series (GEIS), which covers 98% of the world’s investable market capitalisation.
Stocks are free-float weighted. The index follows the Industry Classification Benchmark.

</doc>
<doc id="18700505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700505" title="Alexander Arguelles">
Alexander Arguelles

Alexander Arguelles (; born April 30, 1964) is an American scholar of foreign languages. He is notable not only for his achievements as a polyglot, but also for the advice and information about autodidactic language study that he provides to language learners on web forums. He is the son of poet Ivan Argüelles and nephew of New Age author José Argüelles.
Background.
Professor Arguelles holds a BA (1986) from Columbia University and a Ph.D. (1994) from the University of Chicago, where he worked with both Ioan Culianu and Wendy Doniger. He was a post-doctoral research fellow at the Freie Universität Berlin and has been a professor at Handong Global University in South Korea, the American University of Science & Technology in Beirut and the New College of California in San Francisco. He currently works in Singapore as a language specialist in the training, research, assessment, and consultancy division of the applied linguistics department of the Regional Language Centre of the Southeast Asian Ministers of Education Organization (SEAMEO-RELC).
Polyglottery.
Together with other known polyglots as Emil Krebs, Harold Williams, and Kató Lomb, Arguelles has demonstrated that it is possible to learn a large number of languages to meaningfully high levels.
Professor Arguelles' foreign language learning process takes place in three fashions: formal study, immersion, and autodidactic study. As a university student, he took classes in French, German, Spanish, Latin, Greek, Sanskrit, Medieval French, Gothic, Old High German, and Old Norse. He claims to have developed conversational abilities in Swedish, Dutch, and Italian during visits to those countries while doing research in Europe, Portuguese by conversing with a Brazilian student, Russian during a month-long stay, and Korean and Arabic during his years of residence in South Korea and Lebanon. During the first portion of his time in Korea, he also engaged in the intensive simultaneous autodidactic study of a wide range of languages including Irish, Persian, Hindi, Turkish, and Swahili. As of about 2000, instead of continuing to study new languages, he has focused upon developing greater depth in a number of those he has already learned.
Techniques.
Professor Arguelles does not maintain that there is any special key to language learning other than systematic and disciplined hard work over long periods of time. Among techniques he has advocated are "shadowing"—simultaneously listening to and speaking along with recordings while walking rather than sitting, and "scriptorium"—reading aloud while transcribing texts by hand. In reviewing and evaluating textbooks, he tends to favor older and more traditional materials over contemporary publications. In terms of time management skills, he recommends simultaneous rather than sequential language study.

</doc>
<doc id="18700565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700565" title="Nicolae Caradja">
Nicolae Caradja

Nicolae Caradja (1737–1784), also known as Nicolae Vodă Caragea, was a Phanariote Prince of Wallachia, who reigned between 15 January 1782 and 17 July 1783. Previously, he was the great Dragoman of the Ottoman Empire in Constantinople (1769–1774).
Under his reign, police provisions taken concerned public hygiene, chimney sweeping, and the control of coffeehouses, inns, and ways. Unauthorized carrying of uniforms and weapons was prohibited, in order to avoid mutiny by those opposed to his taxation policy. Passports were introduced during his reign. both to control the entry of foreigners and the exit of the discontented.

</doc>
<doc id="18700566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700566" title="Power-up in standby">
Power-up in standby

Power-up in standby (PUIS) or power management 2 mode (PM2)(Western Digital specific) is a SATA or Parallel ATA (aka PATA) hard disk configuration which prevents the drive from automatic spinup when power is applied. The spinup occurs later by an ATA command, only when the disk is needed, to conserve electric power.
PUIS requires corresponding BIOS support. If PM2 is enabled on the drive but not supported by the BIOS, the drive will not be detected by the system or detected as zero in size. PUIS is typically only supported on RAID controllers.
PM2 can usually be enabled by jumpering on the drive but can also be configured by other means (configuration sector) using manufacturer specific tools.
ATA Commands for PUIS Usage
"ATA Task File Settings"
Feature = 0x06 - Enable PUIS
Feature = 0x86 - Disable PUIS
Feature = 0x07 - Spin up drive after power on
Command = 0xEF - Set feature

</doc>
<doc id="18700567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700567" title="Jimmy Kelly (footballer born 1973)">
Jimmy Kelly (footballer born 1973)

James "Jimmy" Kelly (born 14 February 1973) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder for several clubs in The Football League before his career was disrupted when he was convicted of manslaughter in 1996. After his release he played for a succession of non-league and Welsh Premier League teams.
Playing career.
Kelly began his career as an apprentice with Wrexham, making his Football League debut during the 1990–91 season. After 17 league appearances for the Welsh side, Kelly moved to Wolverhampton Wanderers in February 1992 as part of an exchange deal involving John Paskin. 
His spell at Molineux included loan spells with Walsall and back at Wrexham, but his career was thrown into jeopardy on 5 September 1994 when he and two other men were charged with the murder of 26-year-old Peter Dunphy, who died from injuries suffered in a brawl outside a hotel in Liverpool.
He returned to playing on his release from prison in 1998 when, after a short spell at Bury, he joined Nationwide Conference side Hednesford Town and became a popular player in his two years at Keys Park. In 2000 he moved to Doncaster Rovers for an undisclosed fee, where he remained until being released at the end of the 2001–02 season and joined fellow Conference side Chester City. He helped the club reach the play–offs in his one season at the club before a loan deal at Scarborough was made permanent in October 2003. He became club captain, leading the side to an FA Cup fourth round tie with Chelsea the following January.
Spells with Morecambe and Lancaster City followed before Kelly moved to Droylsden in December 2006 and helped the Bloods win the Conference North title. He then moved to Rhyl, although he missed much of his first season at the club due to a knee injury. He signed for Conference North club Fleetwood Town on 31 December 2008, before playing at Colwyn Bay during the 2009–10 season, where he helped his team win promotion to the Premier Division of the Northern Premier League. Just days before the 2010–11 season started Kelly joined another Northern Premier League side, Ashton United, making his full debut away at Colwyn Bay.
In July 2011 he joined Nantwich Town.
In September 2011 he joined Congleton Town. In June 2012 he joined Welsh club Conwy United as player/ coach.

</doc>
<doc id="18700573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700573" title="Dadu Plateau">
Dadu Plateau

Dadu Plateau (), also known as the Dadu Mountain or Dadushan (大肚山), stretches across the Taichung City of the central-western Taiwan. It faces the Taichung Basin on the east and the seacoast of Taichung on the west, and lies between the Dajia River and Dadu River. The plateau is long and narrow, has a length of about 20 km, and a width of about 5 to 7 km. It average height is about 151 m, with a highest peak which has a height of 310 m.

</doc>
<doc id="18700574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700574" title="Brenthurst Gardens">
Brenthurst Gardens

Brenthurst Gardens is a private garden in Johannesburg, South Africa attached to Brenthurst Estate, the residence of the Oppenheimer family.

</doc>
<doc id="18700585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700585" title="John Heyman">
John Heyman

John Heyman (born 1933 in Leipzig, Germany) is a British film and TV producer also involved in television production, consulting and film financing. Married to his wife Nizza since 1982, this is his second marriage. He has five children, David (1961), a film producer (8 Harry Potter films, Yes Man, Juice, I Am Legend, Meet the Millers, Gravity, etc.) , Lil (1965), a partner in a hugely successful concierge firm, Gabrielle (1971), an executive at Zynga, Dahlia (1983), who won the screen-writing Golden Globe in Italy for her first film and is a Vice President at World Film Group, and Daniel (1987), a graduate student at MIT and owner of Bureh.com, which makes belts with recycled local materials in Sierra Leone. He was previously married to producer Norma Heyman.
His father, an economist and broadcaster who opposed Hitler, fled Germany on January 30, 1933. The seven-month-old John and his mother joined him that November in London, where his father had secured work as a journalist on the now defunct "News Chronicle". During World War II, his father worked for the Ministry of Information and was naturalized British in the national interest. After the war he became financial correspondent for "The Economist", The "Times" of London and "Neue Zürcher Zeitung". He died at his typewriter putting the final 'full stop' on a leader column for the "Times", which was published two days after his death. John's mother, an avid suffragette, was both a teacher of Russian studies and a permanent student, collecting her seventh degree (in Economics) from the London School of Economics at the age of 70.
Education and early career.
Heyman was educated at Norfolk House in London, Wycliffe College in Gloucestershire, and finally at St. Edmund Hall, Oxford.
After two years of National Service in the Army, Heyman returned to Oxford to read law. During a summer vacation, he obtained free tickets to a Radio Luxembourg show. Having been chosen as a contestant he won £93, more money that he thought existed in the world, and he returned to Oxford as a question writer for the show "Double Your Money" which would run for thirteen years on the new Independent Television Network in England, to whom he also sold a number of television concepts. In 1955, Heyman started full-time work in the entertainment industry and by the age of 22 was already Head of Public Relations at Associated Television, one of the two founder companies of the ITV. By then he was already working on five of the network's television programs, three of which were rated among ITV's top ten.
In 1959, Heyman formed "The International Artists Agency", which represented, among others, Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Burton, Richard Harris, Laurence Harvey, Trevor Howard, Shirley Bassey and Burt Bacharach.
In 1961 the agency formed the subsidiary "World Film Sales", the first company to pre-sell and license pictures on a territory-by-territory basis. "World Film Sales" was sold to ITC in 1973. It was the first of a series of companies which would become the World Group of Companies Limited. For over 40 years, the company and its executives have been producers, packagers, co-financiers, investors or distributors of films that have garnered numerous awards, including more than 150 Academy Award nominations and more than two dozen Oscars.
Career to date.
In 1963, Heyman started to work as a film producer and has to date produced some 15 films, among them "The Go-Between" and "The Hireling", which both won the Grand Prix at the Cannes Film Festival. In 1964, he also co-produced the longest running "Hamlet" in Broadway history, starring Richard Burton and directed by John Gielgud.
In 1973, he founded "The Genesis Project", to create an audio-visual encyclopedia, atlas and dictionary. It commenced translating the Bible onto film accompanied by a variety of educational materials. After completing the filming of "Genesis" and the "Gospel of Luke" (which, under the title "Jesus", became the most viewed film in history), "The New Media Bible" was sold to an evangelical organization, having failed commercially in the age before VHS or DVD.
In 1974, Heyman began to render financial services to major film studios, and is widely credited with creating "structured financing" in the film industry. As a result of his efforts, some $4 billion has been provided to co-finance over 150 films and television programs including "Awakenings" (Columbia), "Black Rain" (Paramount), "Chinatown" (Paramount), "Edward Scissorhands" (Fox), "Grease" (Paramount), ' (Warner), "Heaven Can Wait" (Paramount), "Home Alone" (Fox), "Looking For Mr Goodbar" (Paramount), "The Man Who Would Be King" (Allied Artists), "Marathon Man" (Paramount), "The Odessa File" (Columbia), "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" (Fox), "Saturday Night Fever" (Paramount), ' (Paramount), "Trail of the Pink Panther" (MGM), and "Victor Victoria" (MGM).
In 1990, Heyman co-founded "Island World", which produced and licensed film and television programs including "The Cure" (Universal), "Eddie" (Disney), "Juice" (Paramount), "The Sandlot" (Fox), "Toy Soldiers" (Tri-Star), "Airheads" (Fox) and "The War" (Universal). "Island World" was sold to "Polygram" at the end of 1994, but Heyman retained control of the London TV production company "World Productions Limited". It became an active provider of British television programming in partnership with Tony Garnett, and was the only company to have had programs airing on all five U.K. terrestrial channels in one year. The company received a special award from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts “acknowledging the nurturing of a whole new generation of writers, actors and producers and in bringing new blood and new talent into the industry.” The company was sold in 2012.
Current activities.
Heyman's World Group of Companies Limited continues to actively produce and co-finance films and television shows. He is currently in pre-production on a number of projects including a Sino-Italian co-production of a 12-hour mini-series entitled "The Forbidden City", a film entitled The Silk Road, and television projects including You the Jury, The Other Women, and a contemporary drama based on the Parables and Proverbs.

</doc>
<doc id="18700612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700612" title="Christopher Nolan (disambiguation)">
Christopher Nolan (disambiguation)

Christopher Nolan (born 1970) is an English-American film director, writer and producer.
Chris and Christopher Nolan may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18700619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700619" title="Jon Blake">
Jon Blake

Jon Blake may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18700629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700629" title="Faith Church, Hungary">
Faith Church, Hungary

Faith Church is a major Pentecostal church in Hungary. The community is one of Europe's largest Pentecostal-evangelical Christian churches, and the country's fourth most supported church (based on the 1% tax designation to churches). It kept its official church status after the Orbán government's 2011 reduction of the number of churches.
Faith Church accepts the results and spiritual, moral values of both early Christianity and the Reformation, as well as other revival movements serving the progress of the Christian faith. Faith Church is a strong advocate of Christian Zionism, and well known for its commitment to support the State of Israel. 
History.
Faith Church was founded in 1979 by a group of seven Hungarian believers, led by Pastor Sándor Németh, who leads the church until today. The independent Pentecostal-Charismatic church could only conduct its worship services illegally during the years of the Communist regime. Its activities and leaders were monitored by the Communist secret service. By 1989, membership reached 2000 people. In 1989, the Hungarian State declared Faith Church a recognized denomination based on the 1895. XLIII. Act. 
Today more than 60,000 believers regularly attend worship services. The weekly Sunday service of the Church is regularly broadcast on live television. Based on the 1% tax designation to churches, Faith Church is the seventh most supported church in Hungary. However, according to the last census in Hungary Faith Church was not among the four biggest churches.
Faith Church follows the biblical model of the self-supporting church. It does not receive any other financial support from the state, aside from the 1% tax designations for churches and the normatives available to schools.
There are about three hundred local church branches of "Faith Church" functioning all around the country and beyond the borders of Hungary. All neighboring countries, Germany and the U.S. have local Faith Churches as well. The majority of local churches hold worship services on privately owned property. The largest is Faith Hall located in Budapest, with a capacity of approximately ten thousand people. Local churches in Pécs, Debrecen, Nyíregyháza and Salgótarján are also housed in buildings that can accommodate more than a thousand people. 
Faith Church maintains elementary schools in Budapest, Pécs, Nyíregyháza and Salgótarján and a kindergarten in Kecskemét. The state-accredited theological college, Saint Paul’s Academy functions in Budapest.
The Faith and Morals Cultural Foundation performs social services, provides aid to families, cares for the elderly and also pursues teaching, training, information distribution and cultural services.

</doc>
<doc id="18700630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700630" title="Fax (TV series)">
Fax (TV series)

Fax was a Notes and Queries show by the BBC, shown in the late 1980s. It was presented by Bill Oddie, Wendy Leavesley, Debbie Rix and Billy Butler. 
References.
http://www2.tv-ark.org.uk/bbc_northwest/network.html

</doc>
<doc id="18700650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700650" title="Hard, Fast and Beautiful">
Hard, Fast and Beautiful

Hard, Fast and Beautiful is a 1951 American drama film directed by Ida Lupino and starring Claire Trevor, loosely based on the 1930 novel "American Girl" by sports fiction author John R. Tunis, which itself was an unflattering and thinly-veiled fictionalization of tennis star Helen Wills Moody
Plot.
Florence Farley, a girl from Santa Monica in her late teens, and a tennis prodigy, is torn between fulfilling the dreams of her ambitious mother Millie who has planned her tennis career, or her own dreams of being with the man she loves.
Florence has a chance meeting with Gordon McKay, the nephew of a wealthy town figure. Invited to play tennis at the local country club, she defeats him easily. Her prowess at the game causes J.R. Carpenter, the country club's manager, to offer Florence a membership there, plus a trip to Philadelphia to compete for the national junior championship.
Her scheming, social-climbing mother Millie manages to include herself on the free trip, leaving ill husband Will behind. She flirts with Florence's new coach Fletcher Locke and accepts money and gifts, which could endanger her daughter's amateur status. Once Millie realizes that Gordon is not wealthy, she discourages Florence from entertaining the idea of marrying him.
After winning at Forest Hills, an increasingly unhappy Florence wants to retire from tennis and get married. Her father, on his death bed, scolds Millie for looking out for her own interests rather than their girl's. Florence wins the Wimbledon women's singles title, then abruptly quits the game, announcing her impending marriage to Gordon and leaving her mother a forlorn figure on the sideline.

</doc>
<doc id="18700668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700668" title="Viive Sterpu">
Viive Sterpu

Viive Sterpu (formerly "Sirkel", born December 10, 1953) is an Estonian artist married to fellow artist Eugen Sterpu. She lives and works Tallinn, Estonia).
Viive Sterpu draws mostly with pastel colours on sandpaper. She also has had experiments with graphic art and glass works. Sterpu finds her motifs mostly from everyday life and from her art can be found female tenderness as well as the loneliness of a citywoman. She loves animals and nature and portrays them with pleasure in her art. The colours of her art are clear and they are in a harmonic balance with each other. 
Viive Sterpu signs her art with the name '"Viive"'. Before her marriage she used name "Sirkel" as a signature. 
In 2004 Estonian Television (ETV, Eesti Televisioon) made a document “Viive and Eugen Sterpu” for the programme series “Subjektiiv”.
Exhibitions.
Viive Sterpu has had individual and joint exhibitions in Estonia, Finland and Italy. In April 2012 Viive will have a joint art exhibition with his husband in Turku Finland.
Donation.
Giacomo Puccini's music has given to her the inspiration to draw a series of 12 pictures The Puccinian Heroines. This serie of 14 heroines ( Anna, Tigrana, Manon, Mimi/Musetta, Tosca, Cio-Cio-San, Minnie, Magda, Giorgetta, Suor Angeliga, Lauretta, Liú/Turandot) she donated to the Villa Museo Giacomo Puccini ( Torre del Lago Puccini Italy) on April 2007. The donation was received by Signora Simonetta Puccini, the granddaughter of Maestro Giacomo Puccini. 
Stamps.
The subjects of the Puccinian heroines has been used by travel agency Kaleva Travel Finland for its own year stamps. By 2012 already 9 stamps has been published and yet 3 to come. 
Memberships.
Viive Sterpu is a member of Eesti Kunstnike Liit (The Estonian Artists' Association (EAA)).

</doc>
<doc id="18700681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700681" title="Donovan Germain">
Donovan Germain

Donovan Germain (born 7 March 1952, Jamaica) is a reggae producer, one of the most successful of the digital era.
Biography.
Germain's entry into the music industry was via his record shop in New York City in the 1970s. He began production in 1972, visiting Jamaica for recording sessions, working in both roots reggae and lovers rock. As a producer he had hits on the reggae charts with the likes of Cultural Roots' "Mr. Boss Man" in 1980, and broke through into the UK Singles Chart in the early and mid-1980s with Sugar Minott's "Good Thing Going" and Audrey Hall's "One Dance Won't Do". He ran the Revolutionary Sounds label which started in the early 1980s and ran from New York, and also ran the Rub-a-Dub, Reggae, and Germain labels. He returned to Kingston in 1987 and opened his "Penthouse Studio" on Slipe Pen Road (originally located on the top floor — hence the name — now located on Ballater Avenue and including a pressing facility), which soon became highly in-demand, and became one of the island's top studios, with Germain becoming recognized as one of the very top reggae producers, taking over as Jamaica's leading producer from King Jammy. In the early days of the studio he worked with such renowned artists as Freddie McGregor, Delroy Wilson, Marcia Griffiths, and Tenor Saw, and went on to enjoy great success with Buju Banton (who with Germain had more Jamaican number one singles than any other artist), Mad Cobra, Cutty Ranks, Morgan Heritage, Wayne Wonder, and Beres Hammond.

</doc>
<doc id="18700696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700696" title="Eugen Sterpu">
Eugen Sterpu

Eugen Sterpu (nickname Gicu, born June 10, 1963), is a painter, as is his Estonian wife Viive Sterpu. Sterpu lives and works in Tallinn, Estonia. 
Education.
Eugen Sterpu studied 1975–1981 in Arts High School Moldavia and 1981–1989 in Eesti Riiklik Kunstiinstituut (renamed 1989 as Eesti Kunstiakadeemia / Estonian Academy of Arts). In Estonia he specialized in sculpture. Between the years 1994–1995 Sterpu taught at the Moldovan Arts High School in Chişinău.
Exhibitions.
Eugen Sterpu has had individual and joint exhibitions in Moldova, Romania, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Sweden and Russia. In April 2012 Eugen will have a joint art exhibition with her wife in Turku Finland.
Technique.
Eugen Sterpu has invented a special and original way of working with pastel colors. He draws on sandpaper and uses linseed oil. The resulting colours are clear and strong. The right couloured passe-partout helps bringing out the pure clearnes and contrast of the colours. Education in sculpture has deepened his knowledge about architecture which is the favourite subject in his works. Most of his works are three-dimensional because of his special technique.
In 2004 Estonian Television (ETV, Eesti Televisioon) made a documentary “Viive and Eugen Sterpu” for the programme series “Subjektiiv”.
Memberships.
Viive Sterpu is a member of Eesti Kunstnike Liit (The Estonian Artists' Association (EAA)).

</doc>
<doc id="18700715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700715" title="Le Bateau">
Le Bateau

Le Bateau ("The Boat") is a paper-cut from 1953 by Henri Matisse. The picture is composed from pieces of paper cut out of sheets painted with gouache, and was created during the last years of Matisse's life.
History.
"Le Bateau" caused a minor stir when the Museum of Modern Art, New York, which housed it, hung the print upside-down for 47 days in 1961 until Genevieve Habert, a stockbroker, noticed the mistake and notified a guard. Habert later informed the "New York Times" who in turn notified Monroe Wheeler, the Museum's art director. As a result, the artwork was rehung properly.
The museum currently houses the piece in the "Final Works of Henri Matisse" exhibition.

</doc>
<doc id="18700717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700717" title="Digoria">
Digoria

Digoria (Ossetic: Дигорæ (Digoræ); ) is a historical region at the northern mountainside of the Greater Caucasus Mountain range in the western part of Republic of North Ossetia–Alania, Russia. Nowadays the name most often refers to Irafsky and Digorsky districts of the republic.

</doc>
<doc id="18700725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700725" title="Ashby Canal Association">
Ashby Canal Association

The Ashby Canal Association (ACA) is a waterway society and a registered charity No. 1063566, in Leicestershire and Staffordshire, England, UK, concerned with the Ashby Canal, and affiliated to the Inland Waterways Association.
The Association was founded in 1966 in response to the closure of the northern eight miles of the Ashby Canal. The Association's work parties are active in the restoration and reconnection to the main waterway, in partnership with the Ashby Canal Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="18700733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700733" title="Buddy Jewell (album)">
Buddy Jewell (album)

Buddy Jewell is the third studio album by American country music singer Buddy Jewell. The album was Jewell's major-label debut and his first album since winning season one of "Nashville Star". As part of the "Nashville Star" prize, the album was produced by Clint Black and recorded entirely in ten days.
"Buddy Jewell" was released on July 1, 2003 by Columbia Records. It debuted at #1 on "Billboard"'s Top Country Albums chart with sales of 51,765 copies, the third highest first week sales of a debut album since the inception of Nielsen SoundScan in 1991. The album has since been certified Gold by the RIAA for sales of 500,000 copies.
The first two singles released from the album, "Help Pour Out the Rain (Lacey's Song)" and "Sweet Southern Comfort," both reached the Top 5 of "Billboard"'s Hot Country Songs chart in 2003. A third single, "One Step at a Time," reached the Top 40 the following year. Also included is "Today I Started Loving You Again," a duet with fellow "Nashville Star" contestant Miranda Lambert on a song co-written and previously recorded by Merle Haggard. "Abilene on Her Mind" and "One in a Row" were previously included on Jewell's 2002 independent release, "One in a Row".

</doc>
<doc id="18700734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700734" title="Calefare">
Calefare

Calefare (locally pronounced ) is an English-language Singaporean comedy series that debuted on Saturday August 9, 2008 on MediaCorp TV's Channel 5 as a "Sneak Preview," airing right after the National Day Parade. The series then began their regular Tuesday night 8:00pm airing on August 19, 2008 for its 13-week run. The single-camera satirical program revolves around a quintet of aspiring actors who land walk-on roles on television and their goals to break into the entertainment business.
Series background.
The series takes aim at what people will do to make it in the world of television, whether they have talent or not, as it follows five individuals who are aiming for fame and fortune (and all the perks that come with it) as "Calefare," a word to describe actors who land small parts. The term refers to bit-role actors, or extras, in the entertainment industry in Hong Kong, Malaysia and Singapore. They hope that this small step will lead to larger things. Each episode chronicles their misfortune of trying to break into the business big time.
The five are taking part in the production of a television miniseries that is being produced by Channel 5 called "Road to Liberation", a drama about World War II. But behind the scenes they find themselves at war with Huay Huay, the assistant director who gave them their big break and has a reputation of manipulating the quintet after they take issue with her or turn down their demands.
Andy Lau Hong.
Played by Gurmit Singh, Andy is a veteran calefare who longs to be a major actor (his mother named him after Hong Kong actor/singer Andy Lau) but for the past 15 years has yet to be noticed. 
Joleen Wee.
Played by Fiona Xie, Joleen is an aspiring singer who can't sing (she calls herself "The recording artiste of tomorrow ... who has yet to soar!"), even as she tries hard to get herself and her songs noticed on YouTube. Her reason for doing this is because singing and acting have one thing in common: they both end with "ing".
Hamsome.
Played by Benjamin Heng, Hamsome is a new-age being with a penchant for picking fights and doing anything that is stupid but at the same time gets walk-on roles because his loan shark father (which Hamsome doesn't want to be part of) has threatened the people working on the studio set.
Sanjay Chabra.
Played by Vadi Pvss, Sanjay is a veteran of more than 600 Bollywood films (599 of them were 10-second walk-ons, the 600th caused a riot at cinemas in his native India) who still finds himself landing walk-on roles after moving to Singapore in his quest to make it big.
Kak Pon.
Played by Mastura Ahmad, Kak Pon is a part-time calefare who decided to join this occupation after she took acting lessons at a community center just for fun when she is not attending to her other day job, a Nasi Padang stall, which she has operated for 15 years (She says that she is in the "Food Business"). Kak Pon is also the smartest member of the quintet when it comes to current entertainment gossip and probably the only one who cares. She also freely dispenses advice and acts as the "de facto" counsellor for the hopefuls.
Episodes.
On the set of ""Road to Liberation"," a A-List Singaporean actor named Champion Zhang (guest star Edmund Chen) plays a Japanese World War II officer, who really gets into the role by punching him for real during an interrogation scene. After several complaints made by Champion, Andy was replaced by Hamsome. But when Hamsome punches Champion in retailiation during a retake, the star holds Andy responsible and challenges him to a fight at the car park after the last scene of the day. Sanjay volunteered to coach Andy in fighting skills, but failed when Andy sprained his hand upon the first hit on the sandbag. The matter was rested when Champion suffered from stomachache after consuming the chocolate given by Andy as a gift of apology; the chocolates had been expired for 2 years!! Because of that, Champion vomited on Joleen during a close-up shot.
After Andy reaches a truce with Champion Zhang (guest star Edmund Chen), the two go out for lunch, which Andy sees as a way to pick up some acting tips. However, not only does Champion ask Andy to pay for their lunch, he also borrows money from him. When Kak discovers that Champion has been going around borrowing money from both the quintet and Huay, she sets up a scheme to get their money back from the two-timing TV star. 
When Andy is asked by Huay to lie in a coffin and play a corpse for a TV scene, he is supposed to be given an ang-pow from Huay, which is to ward off bad luck from people pretending to play dead, but Huay forgets all about it. This sets off a series of chain events when the set is hit by a series of accidents and plagued by bad luck, leading the other calefare members to start avoiding Andy, who now consider him a jinx. When Andy starts trying to find a way to reverse the curse, he seeks the help of Huay, who in turn sends him to- of all people- a medium (played by guest star Michelle Chong).
Aspiring singer Joleen finally gets her big break when she is contacted by a famous local singer named Johnny Chia (played by guest star Jonathan Leong), who wants her to sing back up on his new album after seeing a music video she put up on YouTube. But as Joleen feels elated over her sudden discovery, she left out one minor detail: Joleen didn’t actually sing in the YouTube video, she was lip-synching to another artist's song, which was a demo made by a friend of Joleen's (the vocals was done by Tracy Tan, who plays Huay on the show). With one day left to go before the recording in which she has to actually sing for real, the quintet try to turn Joleen into a real singer by concocting a strange and elaborate plan that involves Andy singing falsetto.
When Joleen starts receiving flowers from a secret admirer on the set (even though she is allergic to flowers), the others try to speculate who it could be from. Among the suitors being rumored includes actor Manly Han (guest star Julian Hee), Woody, Hamsome, Andy, and Sanjay. But it looks like the aforementioned suitors are going to be in shock when they find out it is none of the above.
When an old nemesis of Woody, Aravon Ang (Alaric Tay), guest stars in the show, he proceeds to makes Woody jealous by currying the favor of the quintet and the "Road to Liberation" crew by buying them things. This latest on-set confrontation between the two would later result in Woody being fired from the set. But just as the quintet rejoice in seeing Woody banished from the set, they get a stunning shocker when they discover who replaced him as the new director on the show.
In this installment, Zheng Geping guest stars as Jerrod Ha, a popular celebrity-actor who is rumoured to have false hair, so when Andy and Huay enter into a bet to find out if the rumours are true, Andy enlists his fellow calefares to help win the bet for him. But instead of exposing the "myth" of Jerrod's hair, they end up causing more hair-raising trouble than they can handle!
After the set of "Road to Liberation" is suddenly shut down during the evening, the quintet are left with nothing to do until Hamsome invites them over to his loan shark father’s house for dinner, and the group reluctantly accept, only to discover that Hamsome's dad is also conducting a "recruitment exercise" that night ... and Andy has been drafted! Guest starring Richard Low and Jimmy Taenaka.
Its fun in the sun when Huay surprises the quintet by getting them jobs on a new beach volleyball drama she is working on, which is set in Sentosa. Unfortunately, its no fun on the beach for Joleen and Kak when they get off on the wrong foot after mistaking the stars of the show for fellow calefare and insult them, prompting the two offended stars to subject Joleen and Kak to a painful "orientation." Meanwhile, Andy and Hamsome become the target of an island-wide manhunt when Andy is mistaken for an escaped convict who looks exactly like him! Guest starring Priscelia Chan and Rebecca Lim.
The Calefare are called back to the set when production on The Road To Liberation resumes. When the guest star of the week, Maximus, leaves his laptop lying around on the set, the Calefare can’t help but take a peek inside. They are shocked to discover embarrassing photos on the laptop. Before they can return the laptop to its original place, the cast and crew returns; now Andy and company have to find a way to replace the laptop before they get into trouble on their first day back! Guest starring Utt.
At the end of a late night shoot, Kak and Hamsome find a notebook with the names of several actors and directors on it, the first four of them mysteriously crossed out. They soon discover that the first four people listed in the notebook died strange and tragic deaths. The Calefare must find out the origin of the notebook, before the next person on the list meets his end: Andy.
A local entertainment magazine gives The Road To Liberation a terrible review. Woody and Huay Huay send Joleen off on a mission – to meet with the reviewer (Chua En Lai) and score points for the show by “loosening him up.” Unfortunately, after her attempt at dinner, the review gets worse instead of better. Andy decides to tag along on their next date to find out why …
When Huay Huay asks the Calefare to repay the management for all the props and materials they’ve broken on set, the Calefare decide to go on strike. To their shock, they are all fired. Friendships turn sour as they start blaming each other for the situation. Just when things couldn’t get worse, they are called back to the set. However, they joy is short-lived – they are still fired, but due to a miscalculation, they now owe the management even more money. Will they ever return as Calefare?
Syndication.
In 2009, Galloping Films, an Australian-based television and film distribution company, acquired the international rights to MediaCorp-produced programs, including "Calefare," for syndication outside of Singapore

</doc>
<doc id="18700737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700737" title="Iwamura">
Iwamura

Iwamura (written: 岩村 lit. "rock village") is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18700738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700738" title="Shanklin Chine">
Shanklin Chine

Shanklin Chine is a geological feature and tourist attraction in the town of Shanklin, on the Isle of Wight, England. A wooded coastal ravine, it contains waterfalls, trees and lush vegetation, with footpaths and walkways allowing paid access for visitors, and a heritage centre explaining its history.
Geology.
A chine is a local word for a stream cutting back into a soft cliff. Formation of the Chine, which cuts through Lower Greensand Cretaceous sandstones, has taken place over the last 10,000 years. In the latter half of the nineteenth century, stones were laid at the top of the waterfall to arrest this progress. There are a continuous series of spring lines on the cliff faces in the Chine. The Isle of Wight has a number of chines, but the largest remaining is Shanklin. With a drop of 32 m (105 ft) to sea level, and a length of just over 400m (a quarter of a mile), the Chine covers an area of approximately 1.2 hectares (three acres).
History.
Prior to the Victorian era Shanklin was merely a small agricultural and fishing community, the latter nestling at the foot of the chine, and it was not until the early 19th century that it began to grow. Like most of the chines on the south of the Island, Shanklin Chine was well-used by smugglers.
A romantic landscape.
The Chine became one of the earliest tourist attractions on the Isle of Wight, with records of the public visiting the site to view it as far back as 1817. Keats found inspiration for some of his greatest poetry while staying at Shanklin in 1819 and wrote: "The wondrous Chine here is a very great Lion; I wish I had as many guineas as there have been spy-glasses in it." It was a favourite subject for artists including Thomas Rowlandson and Samuel Howitt. Descriptions of the site at the time are surprisingly similar to the present day:
'The delightful village of Shanklin. In this sequestered spot is a good inn, fitted up for the accommodation of visitors. The object of attraction at Shanklin is the Chine, (which is situated at about ten minutes walk from the inn. This phenomenon of nature is a combination of beauty and grandeur; it is formed by the separation of a lofty cliff, whose height is 280 feet perpendicular, and 100 feet wide at the top. On entering the Chine from the shore, we pass along one side, rugged and barren; through which a winding path has been cut by a poor fisherman; while below the rippling stream urges its way to the ocean, which pours its rolling waters at its feet, and spreads its boundless expanse before it. On the other side the cliff is fertile, covered with hanging wood and bushes, adorned with a neat cottage, and having a little rustic inn. About the middle of the Chine is a small Chalybeate: and the path now conducts by a serpentine course to a scene of awful grandeur, formed by stupendous masses of matter on each side, and the rustling of a small cascade, which falls from the head of the Chine, and passes between the dark and overhanging cliffs.
Extract from Beauties of the Isle of Wight published by S Horsley 1828
Second World War.
During the second world war the Chine was taken over and used as an assault course by the Commandos whose HQ was at Upper Chine School. 40 Royal Marine Commando trained there in preparation for the Dieppe Raid in 1942. A fuel pipeline for Operation Pluto (Pipeline under the Ocean) also ran through the Chine and there are still of the pipe remaining and visible to the public. PLUTO, one of the great secret successes of the war, was the idea of Lord Louis Mountbatten who later became governor of the Isle of Wight. During the Normandy invasion in 1944, forked pipelines from the Chine and Sandown carried petrol under the Channel to Cherbourg.

</doc>
<doc id="18700741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700741" title="Boxing at the 1990 Central American and Caribbean Games">
Boxing at the 1990 Central American and Caribbean Games

The Boxing Tournament at the 1990 Central American and Caribbean Games was held in Mexico City, Mexico from November 24 to December 3, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18700744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700744" title="Balkhash Airport">
Balkhash Airport

Balkhash Airport or Balqash Airport is an airport northeast the city of Balqash in Kazakhstan.
Overview.
Balkhash Airport is classified as a national aerodrome in the latest AIP. It is capable of accepting Ilyushin Il-76, Tupolev Tu-134, Tupolev Tu-154, Antonov An-8, Antonov An-12, Antonov An-24, Ilyushin Il-14, Ilyushin Il-18, Yakovlev Yak-40, Yakovlev Yak-42, and Antonov An-2 aircraft. It can also accept light aircraft and helicopters of all types.
The length of runway is . A dirt runway was also used in the past, but it is now closed.
Military aircraft are also based there. In the last few years civil aircraft rarely use this airport and the airport is mainly used by the sky diving club of city Balqash and the military.

</doc>
<doc id="18700760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700760" title="Epke Zonderland">
Epke Zonderland

Epke Jan Zonderland OON (born 16 April 1986) is a Dutch gymnast and 2012 Olympics gold medalist in the high bar. He also won the 2013 World Championship on the high bar. His nickname is "The flying Dutchman".
Early life.
Zonderland was born on 16 April 1986 in Lemmer, Netherlands. He started exercising gymnastics at the age of four. He has two brothers (Herre and Johan) and one sister (Geeske) who are also international gymnasts. 
Zonderland studies Medicine at the University of Groningen.
Gymnastics championships.
2004.
Zonderland reached his first international success as a junior in 2004. At the European Junior Championships in Ljubljana he was fourth at the all-around event and he won a silver medal at the horizontal bar. That same year he also became Dutch national all-around champion by taking over the title from his older brother Herre.
2005-2006.
In 2005 at the World Championships in Melbourne Zonderland and Jeffrey Wammes were the first ever Dutch gymnasts in the history of the sport to qualify themselves for the all-around final. Zonderland eventually ended up in the 11th position. In that same year at the European Championships he only reached the 15th position, which was a disappointment considering his World Championship result.
After his success in 2005 he continued in 2006 by reaching the final of the horizontal bar competition during the European Championships in Volos, where he was 6th. At the World Cup meeting in Glasgow at the same discipline he won the silver medal and in Tehran, Zonderland claimed his first World Cup win and the gold medal. That year he also became Dutch national all-around champion for the second time in his career.
2007-2008.
In 2007 he competed in both the European and the World Championships. At the European Championships in Amsterdam he reached a unique level by finishing sixth in the all-around event, the highest ever position by a Dutch gymnast. During the same Championships he also won the bronze medal at the parallel bars. Later, in September at the World Championships in Stuttgart Zonderland finished in 4th position at the horizontal bar, which earned him a qualification for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Later in 2007 he won his second World Cup event at the horizontal bar in Glasgow.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics, Zonderland reached the high bar final in which he finished seventh.
2009-2011.
In 2009, he won the silver medal in High Bar at the 2009 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships. At the 2010 World Championships in Rotterdam, he earned another silver medal on High Bar. In 2011 he became European champion for the first time.
2012 Olympics.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, Zonderland won an Olympic gold medal in the high bar with a personal best score of 16.533. His routine included a triple combo of Cassina-Kovacs-Kolman, then the most difficult release combination. His performance was regarded by many as one of the top performances of the 2012 games. He is the first Dutch male gymnast to win a medal at the Olympics as well as the first Dutch gymnast (male or female) to win an individual Olympic medal.
2013.
At the World Championships of 2013 in Antwerp he became World champion for the first time. He performed a double combo of Cassina and Kovacs, followed by a Kolman and Gaylord 2, and a stuck layout double-double. He has now won the European, Olympic, and World championships.
Honours and awards.
Zonderland was named Dutch Sportsman of the year in 2009 for his silver medal in High Bar at the 2009 World Championships. He was selected Sportsman of the Year for a second time in 2011 after he won the European Championships, then again for the next two consecutive years after he won the 2012 Olympic and the 2013 World championships. He was made a Knight of the Order of Orange-Nassau after he won the gold medal at the 2012 London Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18700765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700765" title="America America (1995 film)">
America America (1995 film)

America! America!!, is a 1996 Kannada-language movie directed by Nagathihalli Chandrasekhar. Ninety percent of shooting was done in the US and remaining in Coastal of Kundapura, Udupi District and Chikmagalur District of Karnataka in India. The film stars Ramesh Aravind, Akshay Anand and Hema in lead roles. The movie won National Award for Best film in Regional category and also a box office success. It is the debut movie of music director Mano Murthy.
Story.
The movie is about three friends: Soorya (Ramesh Aravind), Shashank (Akshay Anand) and Bhoomi (Hema). After finishing their undergraduate studies, Shashank goes to the US for further studies. Soorya is extremely patriotic about India and doesn't want to go anywhere and starts his business in his hometown, and Bhoomi stays at home. After three years, Shashank comes back to India. He starts going off on India on his way from the airport, saying how much greater America is. While in India, his family arranges his marriage to Bhoomi. Soorya, on the other hand, is the one who truly loves Bhoomi and tries to tell her using recorded audio tape and plants it in Bhoomi's room having no idea that she is to be married to Shashank.
That evening Soorya learns of the marriage plans. Confused, he rushes to Bhoomi's house to take the tape back. Before he could get there, someone who was cleaning Bhoomi's room accidentally replaces it with another cassette. Soorya, thus unknowingly, grabs wrong tape and throws it into a nearby river.
After the marriage ceremony, Shashank and Bhoomi leave for the US.
Everything goes well till Shashank loses his job and starts to drink. Soorya, in the meantime, surprises Bhoomi and Shashank and goes to the US for business, but egotistical Shashank does not come to pick him up at the airport. Soorya ends up taking a cab to Shashank's house. Bhoomi and Shashank drive Soorya to a lot of places around. After a few days, Bhoomi and Shashank realize that Soorya has come to the US on a business visit and has a very good business running back in India. Bhoomi feels very happy with Soorya's achievement. On Bhoomi's and Shashank's anniversary, Soorya throws them a surprise and gifts them a rabbit. Next day, they all go to a party hosted by Indians in the US. In the party, a man foul mouths India. Soorya hits him, angering Shashank. Shashank leaves Soorya behind at the party, forcing him to walk all the way back home.
On the way back, Bhoomi plays a tape in car, the same tape Soorya had recorded in India, conveying his love for her. It had come with Bhoomi's bag from India. Shashank asks Soorya to get out of their house and blames India and Indian culture. After Soorya leaves their house, he starts suspecting Bhoomi.
One day, Bhoomi searches for her rabbit (Minchu), but cannot find her, and Shashank tells her he already ate it. They both start arguing, then Bhoomi starts living separately from Shashank. Shanshank finds a new job and later learns that Soorya has helped him get that job. Alone, Shashank realizes his mistake and feels guilty. He calls Soorya and apologizes. Soorya forgives him and learns that Bhoomi has separated from him. He tells Shashank not to take any steps until he returns to US, and Soorya leaves for US.
From San Francisco Airport, Soorya calls Shashank, who is drunk. This time around, Shashank promises to pick him up from the airport. On the way he meets with horrific accident and Soorya is informed by airport authorities and he rushes to the hospital. Meanwhile, Bhoomi also get the news about Shashank and she too rushes to hospital. In hospital they meet Shashank and he apologizes to them and tells that he is going to die. Doctor takes him to ICU and he passes away.
Soorya manages all legal formalities around Shashank's funeral, making Bhoomi feel proud of him. Soorya asks Bhoomi to return to India but she declines. By mistake he tells that he loves her, but Bhoomi tells him she cannot love or marry him, because he is her best friend and she would like him to remain so for her lifetime. Soorya insists she come back to India and gives her a return ticket telling her that he would wait for her in the airport. Finally Bhoomi relents and joins him in the plane. However she tells him that she will not marry him and suggests that they be friends forever.
Music.
The music was composed by Mano Murthy while lyrics were written by Nagathihalli. However, the song "Yava Mohna Murali Kareyitho..." is written by Gopalkrishna Adiga, a famous Kannada poet.
Box office.
The movie ran for 365 days in many centers of Karnataka and it was the first Kannada movie to be released in United States. The movie was dubbed to Telugu and was released in Andhra Pradesh.

</doc>
<doc id="18700780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700780" title="The Heck with Hollywood!">
The Heck with Hollywood!

The Heck With Hollywood! is a 1991 American documentary film about independent film, directed by Doug Block. 

</doc>
<doc id="18700813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700813" title="Ryde depot">
Ryde depot

Ryde depot is a railway traction maintenance depot, situated in Ryde, Isle of Wight, to the east of Ryde St John's Road railway station. The depot is operated by Island Line Trains, and is allocated Island Line Trains' fleet of British Rail Class 483s. The depot code is RY.
Flood risk.
A stream runs alongside the railway line at this point, and it has flooded parts of the depot on several occasions. The flood in January 1994 damaged two cars of Class 483 stock, while in 1998 trains had to be moved away from the depot to prevent damage. In October 2000, the flooding was extensive and not only damaged four Class 483 units but also washed away ballast at nearby Smallbrook, meaning Island Line Trains had to suspend their services for several days.
History.
Before the Island Line was electrified, Ryde depot was home to maintenance works for steam locomotives running on the island's rail network. Steam locos still running on the island are now maintained at the Isle of Wight Steam Railway's works at Havenstreet.

</doc>
<doc id="18700830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700830" title="Katharine Alexander">
Katharine Alexander

Katharine Alexander (September 22, 1898 – January 10, 1981) was an American actress. She appeared in 44 films between 1930 and 1951.
She was born in Fort Smith, Arkansas and died in Tryon, North Carolina. She was one eighth Cherokee Indian. She planned to be a concert artiste and it was while she was giving a violin recital that she was seen by Samuel Goldwyn who gave her a chance on stage from where she rose to be one of Broadway's leading ladies. She was married to William A. Brady Jr. (1900–1935), the son of William A. Brady and actress Grace George. They had a daughter, Barbara Brady.
Theatrical productions.
She starred alongside Paul Muni as his wife Linda Loman in London's Phoenix Theatre production of "Death of a Salesman", which opened on July 28, 1949, directed by Elia Kazan.

</doc>
<doc id="18700831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700831" title="Barbados threadsnake">
Barbados threadsnake

The Barbados threadsnake (Leptotyphlops carlae) is a species of blind threadsnake. It is the smallest snake species currently known to exist. This member of the Leptotyphlopidae family is endemic to the Caribbean island of Barbados.
The snake was first described and identified as a separate species in 2008 by S. Blair Hedges, a biologist from Pennsylvania State University. Hedges named the new species of snake in honor of his wife, Carla Ann Hass, a herpetologist who was part of the discovery team. Specimens already existed in reference collections in the London Natural History Museum and in a museum in California, but they had been incorrectly identified to belong to another species.
At the time of publication, August 2008, "L. carlae" was described as the snake species with the smallest adults in the world. The first scientific specimens taken by the research team were found under rocks in a forest. The snake is thought to be near the lower size limit for snakes, as young snakes need to attain a certain minimum size to find suitable food.
Description.
The average length of "Leptotyphlops carlae" adults is approximately 10 cm, (4 inches), with the largest specimen found to date measuring 10.4 cm (4.09 inches). The snakes are said ((by Bella Lombardozzi)) to be "as thin as spaghetti." The photograph above shows "L. carlae" on a quarter dollar, a coin with a diameter of 24.26 mm (0.955 inches).
"L. carlae" is thought to feed primarily on a diet of termites and ant larvae. Threadsnakes are oviparous, laying eggs to reproduce. The female of this snake species produces only one large egg at a time. The emerging offspring is about half the length of the mother.
Small species of snake such as "L. carlae" have relatively large new-born offspring compared to adults. The offspring of the largest snakes are only one-tenth the length of an adult, whereas offspring of the smallest snakes typically are one-half the length of an adult (see figure below). Tiny snakes produce only one, massive egg—relative to the size of the mother—which may suggest that there is a size limit for snake species below which survival is difficult, for internal physiological or external competitive reasons.
Geographic range and habitat.
"L. carlae" is believed to be endemic only to the island of Barbados in the Caribbean. Two recent specimens of the snake were collected near a small remnant of a secondary forest in the east-central area of Barbados. This area is the oldest part of Barbados, the first to emerge from the ocean, and the only part that is not covered by a Pleistocene reef cap.
Secondary forests similar to where the specimens were found are likely to be a sufficient habitat for this species. As Barbados is extremely densely populated and now largely deforested, the suitable habitat for "L. carlae" is probably no more than a few square kilometers.
Conservation status.
Little is known about the ecology, abundance, or distribution of this species. Essentially, Barbados has no original forest remaining, however, this native species very likely requires a forest habitat for survival since it evolved in the presence of forests. Based on the small number of known specimens and its distribution apparently being restricted to eastern Barbados, the continued survival of the species is a concern.

</doc>
<doc id="18700835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700835" title="Pa'amei Tashaz">
Pa'amei Tashaz

Pa'amei Tashaz ( is a moshav in southern Israel.
Pa'amei Tashaz is located in the north-western Negev, between Netivot and Rahat. It falls under the jurisdiction of Merhavim Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 359.
The moshav was established in 1953 by immigrants from Iran. It was named for the 11 outposts in the Negev established in October 1946 ("Tashaz" in the Hebrew calendar).

</doc>
<doc id="18700844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700844" title="Vienna (disambiguation)">
Vienna (disambiguation)

Vienna is the capital and a federal state of Austria.
Vienna may also refer to:
Geography.
In Austria:
In Canada:
In France:
In the United States (by state):

</doc>
<doc id="18700846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700846" title="Football at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads">
Football at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads

Head coach: James Hogan

Head coach: Ngan Shing Kwan
1This English club name is from The Little Red Book of Chinese Football, written by Dave Twydell. The correct name of the club at that time should be "You-you" ().
Head coach:

Head coach: Ferdinand Fabra
Sixteen players competed at the Olympics. The formal application also included five other players who did not travel to Berlin: Veli Leskinen (HT Helsinki), Eino Virtanen (Helsingin PS), Eino Kilpi (Helsingin PS), Yrjö Kylmälä (HT Helsinki), and Arvo Hyyrynen (club unknown).
Head coach: Otto Nerz

Head coach: William Voisey

Head coach: Zoltán Opata

Head coach: Vittorio Pozzo

Head coach: Shigeyoshi Suzuki

Head coach: Paul Feierstein

Head coach: Asbjørn Halvorsen
Seventeen players went to the Olympics. The formal application originally included five other players who did not travel to Berlin: Sverre Kvammen (Viking FK), Rolf Johannessen (Fredrikstad FK), Kjeld Kjos (SFK Brann), Birger Pedersen (SK Hardy), and Peter Svennungsen (Odd Grenland).
Head coach: Alberto Denegri

</doc>
<doc id="18700852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700852" title="Charlie Duffee">
Charlie Duffee

Charles Edward Duffee (January 27, 1866 in Mobile, Alabama – December 24, 1894 in Mobile, Alabama), was a Major League Baseball outfielder from -, for the St. Louis Browns, Cincinnati Reds, Columbus Solons, and Washington Senators.

</doc>
<doc id="18700868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700868" title="William Hamilton (film editor)">
William Hamilton (film editor)

William Hamilton (November 11, 1893 - August 3, 1942) was an American film editor whose career spanned two decades. 
His credits include "The Bright Shawl" (1923), "The Enchanted Cottage" (1924), "Classmates" (1924), "Soul-Fire" (1925), "Shore Leave" (1925), "Our Dancing Daughters" (1928), "Morning Glory" (1933), "The Gay Divorcee" (1934), "Roberta" (1935), "Top Hat" (1935), "The Story of Vernon and Irene Castle" (1939), "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" (1939), "Too Many Girls" (1940), and "The Big Street" (1942).
Hamilton was born in Pennsylvania and died in North Hollywood.

</doc>
<doc id="18700873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700873" title="Steve Brady (baseball)">
Steve Brady (baseball)

Stephen A. Brady (July 4, 1851 in Worcester, Massachusetts – November 1, 1917 in Hartford, Connecticut) was a Major League Baseball player who played outfielder from to . He would play for the Hartford Dark Blues, Washington Nationals, and New York Metropolitans.

</doc>
<doc id="18700875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700875" title="Péndulo Studios, S.L.">
Péndulo Studios, S.L.

Péndulo Studios is a video game company founded in Madrid by Rafael Latiegui, Ramón Hernaez and Felipe Gomez Pinilla. The company became famous in 2001 for the adventure game "".

</doc>
<doc id="18700882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700882" title="Ekin Cheng radio dramas">
Ekin Cheng radio dramas

Radio Dramas.
This is the list of radio dramas featuring Hong Kong actor and singer Ekin Cheng.
"Note": English titles in "italic" indicates the name is simply a translation of the Chinese title as no official English title exists.

</doc>
<doc id="18700883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700883" title="Hello, Sister!">
Hello, Sister!

Hello, Sister! is a 1933 American drama film directed by Alan Crosland, Erich von Stroheim, Raoul Walsh, and Alfred L. Werker. It is a re-edited version of von Stroheim's now-lost film Walking Down Broadway. "Hello, Sister!" was itself thought to have perished as well, until a print was found in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="18700891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700891" title="Walking Down Broadway">
Walking Down Broadway

Walking Down Broadway is a 1938 American film drama made by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation and directed by Norman Foster.

</doc>
<doc id="18700894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700894" title="Fay Holden">
Fay Holden

Fay Holden (September 26, 1893 – June 23, 1973), was a British-born American-based actress. She was known as Gaby Fay early in her career.
Born as Dorothy Fay Hammerton in Birmingham, England, she appeared in 46 films between 1935 and 1958, but is best known for her recurring role as Emily Hardy, Mickey Rooney's mother in the MGM "Andy Hardy" movie series.
Holden is also remembered for her performance as Hazel, the mother of Samson (Victor Mature), in Cecil B. DeMille's "Samson and Delilah", in which she utters her character's most notable line: "He wants to marry a Philistine!"
She was married to David Clyde from 1914 until his death in 1945. She died in Los Angeles, California, aged 79, from cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="18700901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700901" title="Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 90 kg">
Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 90 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 90 kg at the 1984 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Anaheim Convention Center, Anaheim, California.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18700904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700904" title="All Saints Anglican Church, Brisbane">
All Saints Anglican Church, Brisbane

All Saints Anglican Church, Wickham Terrace, Brisbane is the oldest Anglican Church in the City of Brisbane, first founded in 1862. The existing structure dates from 1869. For most of its history, it has been identified with the High Church or Anglo-Catholic tradition within Anglicanism.
History.
The land was acquired in about 1860 for a sister church for the congregation of St John's Church of England. A church building was constructed and the first service was conducted on 23 Feb 1862 by Bishop Tufnell. However, in 1864, the congregation of the Wickham Terrace Church (as it was then known) decided to become independent of St John's.
As the congregation grew in number, the church became too small and it was decided to extend the building and raise the roof by increasing the height of the existing walls. Unfortunately the original rubble walls could not support the additional weight of the increase and so the old walls were demolished, resulting in an almost entirely new building (the present church) being constructed. The name "All Saints" was proposed by Bishop Tufnell and the foundation stone was laid in April 1869.
The present church, the oldest existing Anglican Church in Brisbane, was opened for worship on the Birthday of the Blessed Virgin Mary, 8 September 1869, although some alterations were still taking place into the early 1870s. Its style is nineteenth century Gothic Revival, with buttressed walls of rough faced rubble, porphyry and sandstone, and a metal clad roof. The interior has a fine example of a hammer-beam ceiling, which is rare in Australia.
All Saints' Church has played a significant part in the story of Brisbane's development into a city of culture and significance. Well-known identities who worshipped at All Saints' in the nineteenth century included Sir Robert Ramsey Mackenzie, Sir James Dickson, (both of whom served as Premiers of Queensland, the latter becoming Minister of defence in the first Commonwealth Government), Mrs Mary Peattie, and the Hon. John Douglas. To this day, All Saints' is regarded by many as the "Parish Church of the City of Brisbane".
It contains the oldest stained glass in Queensland as well as other significant art works, such as the first public work of the acclaimed Brisbane sculptor, Daphne Mayo (the 14 Stations of the Cross).
Worship.
In keeping with the Anglo-Catholic heritage of the Parish, services which include celebration of the Holy Eucharist are styled "Mass". There is currently a Low Mass with hymns at 7:30am and a High Mass at 9:30am each Sunday. Said Masses are held on weekdays in the Lady Chapel in the south-eastern corner of the church. Choral Evensong (followed by Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament) is held on the first Sunday of each month at 6:30pm.
All Saints' parish maintains a small choir which sings from the west end gallery. The choir's repertoire consists largely of traditional plainsong and Renaissance polyphonic music (including motets by Byrd, Palestrina and Victoria) but some more recent music is performed as well. The church has an 1873 TC Lewis organ which was originally installed in St John's Pro-Cathedral in William Street. It was installed in All Saints' in the 1950s. Between 2002 and 2007, it was substantially rebuilt and enlarged by Brisbane organ builder, WJ Simon Pierce.
Location.
The Church is located at 1 Wickham Terrace, just a short distance from St John's Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="18700907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700907" title="Deeba Sahar">
Deeba Sahar

Deeba Sahar () is a popular Sindhi singer from Pakistan. Deeba Sahar gained fame, after Sindhi-language television channels, touched the region. 
Deeba Sahar's concerts take place inside Pakistan and around the world. She lately performed in Dubai on various occasions. 
Personal life.
She is married to Sikandar Khoso, a local Sindhi businessman, both have a daughter from the marriage. Rumors of rift between Deeba Sahar and her husband have been often heard in locality. 

</doc>
<doc id="18700909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700909" title="Jack McGeachey">
Jack McGeachey

John Charles McGeachey (May 23, 1864 in Clinton, Massachusetts – April 5, 1930 in Cambridge, Massachusetts), was a Major League Baseball player who played outfielder from -. He would play for the Detroit Wolverines, St. Louis Maroons, Indianapolis Hoosiers, Brooklyn Ward's Wonders, Philadelphia Athletics, and Boston Reds.

</doc>
<doc id="18700916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700916" title="Ayşe Hatun Önal">
Ayşe Hatun Önal

Ayşe Hatun Önal, (born July 29, 1978) is a Turkish model, actress, singer and Miss Turkey 1999 who represented her country in the 49th Miss World 1999 in London, England. 
Career.
She graduated from Adana Borsa High School in Adana, Ayşe was a professional model while she was a university student. She studied Public relations at Anadolu University in Eskişehir but left after second class.
She participated in the Miss Turkey contest in 1999, and won the title. That same year in December, she represented her country at the Miss World 1999.
Since 2004, she successfully played in a number of films, mini television series and commercials. She is interested in music and listens Sezen Aksu, Sertab Erener, U2, Madonna, Depeche Mode, and Prince.

</doc>
<doc id="18700921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700921" title="HLA-B39">
HLA-B39

HLA-B39 (B39) is an HLA-B serotype. The serotype identifies the more common HLA-B*39 gene products. 
B39 is a split antigen of the broad antigen B16, and is a sister type of B38. B39 is most commonly found on the west pacific rim, in Japan and highest frequency in the new world. In Europe it is found in Scandinavia and Northern Russia.
Serotype.
The serology for the most common B39 alleles, B*3901 and B*3906 is good, but some allele products are not well detected. Given the differential involvement of these alleles in disease testing should involve high resolution typing.
Disease.
B39 is suggested as a factor in Takayasu's arteritis and gallstones in Mexico. Osteoarticular complications of 
brucellosis appear to be associated with B39. An association with spondylarthropathies and psoriatic arthritis was observed in several studies. Psoriatic arthritis appears to be linked to MICA-A9 which tightly linked to HLA-B39. B39 also appears to be involved in the Fishers syndrome variant of Guillain-Barré syndrome.
B39 appears to be protective against cardiomyopathy in Chaga's disease indicating a possible selective factor in its rise in the New World. Chaga's disease is caused by a trypanosome carried by a blood sucking insect found in tropical, palm growing regions.
Southern California now reports cases of Chaga's disease from contaminated transfusions and may be already a habitat for the vector.
In Takayasu's arteritis.
Takayasu's arteritis appears to have a link to B39. The association with B*3902 increases risk of pulmonary infarction, ischemic heart disease, aortic regurgitation, systemic hypertension, renal artery stenosis, cerebrovascular disease, and visual disturbance. B*3906, common in indigenous Mesoamericans has been found associated with the same disease.

</doc>
<doc id="18700924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700924" title="Pistol Mitralieră model 1963/1965">
Pistol Mitralieră model 1963/1965

The Pistol Mitralieră model 1963 (abbreviated PM md. 63 or simply md. 63) is an assault rifle patterned after the AKM, and chambered in the 7.62x39mm cartridge. It is exported as the AIM.
"The Pistol Mitralieră model 1965" (abbreviated "PM md. 65" or simply "md. 65") is the underfolding stock version of the "md. 63", and is exported as the "AIMS".
History.
In the early 1960s, the Romanian Army used mostly PPSh-41, Oriţa submachine guns and imported AK-47 rifles. With the development of the stamped Type 4 AKM receiver, and the Soviet Union's call to each of the Warsaw Pact's nations to produce their own assault rifles chambered in 7.62mm, be they AK-47 pattern or not, the Romanian State Arsenal developed an AKM clone featuring a forward-pointing front handgrip molded into the lower handguard, called the Pistol Mitralieră model 1963 (literally 'machine pistol' model 1963). The underfolding stock version is designated the Pistol Mitralieră model 1965, and features a rear-pointing front handgrip, allowing the underfolding stock to be completely retracted.
Features.
The PM md. 63/65 is almost identical to the AKM/AKMS, and thus is simple, inexpensive to manufacture, and easy to clean and maintain.
The bore and chamber, as well as the gas piston and the interior of the gas cylinder, are generally chromium-plated. This plating dramatically increases the life of these parts by resisting corrosion and wear.
Most md. 63/65 rifles lack a muzzle brake, but instead use a muzzle nut, as muzzle brakes entered production only in the late 1970s. The navy is the only remaining large scale operator of the md. 65 because of the weight of the metal underfolding stock.
The fire selector markings are as follows, from top to bottom: Domestic—S, FA, FF. Export—S, A, R.
Operating Cycle.
To fire, the operator inserts a loaded magazine, moves the selector lever to the lowest position, pulls back and releases the charging handle, and then pulls the trigger. In this setting, the gun fires once, requiring the trigger be released and depressed again for the next shot until the magazine is exhausted. With the selector in the middle position, the rifle continues to fire, automatically cycling fresh rounds into the chamber, until the magazine is exhausted or pressure is released from the trigger.
Disassembly.
Dismantling the md. 63/65 is identical to dismantling the AK-47 and it involves the operator depressing the magazine catch and removing the magazine. The charging handle is pulled to the rear and the operator inspects the chamber to verify the weapon is unloaded. The operator presses forward on the retainer button at the rear of the receiver cover while simultaneously lifting up on the rear of the cover to remove it. The operator then pushes the spring assembly forward and lifts it from its raceway, withdrawing it out of the bolt carrier and to the rear. The operator must then pull the carrier assembly all the way to the rear, lift it, and then pull it away. The operator removes the bolt by pushing it to the rear of the bolt carrier; rotating the bolt so the camming lug clears the raceway on the underside of the bolt carrier and then pulls it forward and free. When cleaning, the operator will pay special attention to the barrel, bolt face, and gas piston, then oil lightly and reassemble.
Patriotic Guards version.
The most-produced civilian export variation of this rifle is that of the 'Gardă' designation, produced for the Romanian Patriotic Guards. These rifles have a letter 'G' engraved on the left side of the rear sight block. The civil guard versions are modified by the removal of the sear and the modification of the disconnector to be semi-automatic only. Tens of thousands of these have been imported into the United States and sold as 'parts kits' (the receiver is destroyed by torch-cutting per BATF regulations – without the receiver, the kit is no longer legally considered a firearm). They are colloquially known among firearms enthusiasts as "Romy G's".
Other civilian versions.
Other civilian 7.62mm Romanian AK clones are: SAR 1, WASR 10 (including WASR 10/63), Romak 991, Romak 1, and WUM 1. 
The Wieger rifle lookalikes known as the STG-2000 and STG-2003 are based on WASR 10 rifles, which are the only ones still in production.
A version of the PM md. 90 carbine is also available in the United States, known as the "Draco" it has the folding stock removed and thus the BATF sees it as a pistol and legal to import.
PM md. 80.
The Pistol Mitralieră model 1980 is a short barreled AK variant, and the first side-folding stock version produced in Romania. It featured a shorter gas block and usually used 20 round magazines. The front sight post is combined with the gas-block to provide an overall short length. The side folder is straight and folds to the left. There are two types of muzzle brakes used: a cylindrical one, and more commonly a slightly conical one. It is also known as the AIMR.
PM md. 90.
The Pistol Mitralieră model 1990 is the 7.62mm response to the 5.45mm Pușcă Automată model 1986. It is internally identical to a PM md. 63/65, and outwardly differs in that it has a wire folding stock identical to the PA md. 86 stock, and that all of the rifles are fitted with slant brakes. It was extensively used in the Romanian Revolution of 1989 along with the md. 63 and md. 65
Short barrel version.
The carbine version of the model 90, called simply PM md. 90 cu țeavă scurtă ("short barreled PM md. 90"), was designed for tank crews and special forces. Apart from the stock, it features the same modifications as the PM md. 80.
7.62 mm RPK.
The RPK version of the md. 63 is called the md. 64. It is essentially identical to the Soviet RPK.

</doc>
<doc id="18700925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700925" title="Bob Ganley">
Bob Ganley

Robert Stephen Ganley (April 23, 1875 in Lowell, Massachusetts – October 9, 1945 in Lowell, Massachusetts), was a Major League Baseball player who played outfielder from -. He would play for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Philadelphia Athletics, and Washington Senators.

</doc>
<doc id="18700928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700928" title="Arthur Greville Collins">
Arthur Greville Collins

Arthur Greville Collins (born September 5, 1896, date of death unknown), was a British-born film director. 
Career.
Collins was born in London, and began directing for the stage, including productions of "Fata Morgana", "No Man's Land", and "Tarnish". He moved to Los Angeles and directed some plays there, then moved into movie making as a dialogue director for Warner Bros.. He worked in that capacity for two years then became a director, making several B pictures.
He moved to Australia in May 1939 to make "Seven Little Australians" (1939) and decided to stay there. He served in the RAAF during World War II, being discharged as a squadron leader. He also was stationed as administrative officer for two years at Port Pirie and Mount Gambier.
In 1947 Collins managed to source funding to make another movie, "Strong Is the Seed" (1949). He later announced plans to make a film about Cobb and Co but this did not eventuate.

</doc>
<doc id="18700930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700930" title="Matic (album)">
Matic (album)

Matic is the second studio album by Pinoy Rock quintet Cambio. It was released on July 2, 2007, after signing with MCA Music Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="18700940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700940" title="Russ Wrightstone">
Russ Wrightstone

Russell Guy Wrightstone (March 18, 1893 in Bowmansdale, Pennsylvania – February 25, 1969 in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania) was a professional baseball player. He played nine seasons in Major League Baseball, from 1920-28, for the Philadelphia Phillies and New York Giants. He played six different positions, most often as a third baseman or first baseman.

</doc>
<doc id="18700941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700941" title="The Augsburg Chalk Circle">
The Augsburg Chalk Circle

The Augsburg Chalk Circle () is a short story written in 1940 by Bertolt Brecht. The story derives from "The Chalk Circle", a 14th-century play by Li Xingdao, and can be seen as a "first draft" for Brecht's subsequent play, "The Caucasian Chalk Circle".
Plot.
Summary.
The story is set during the Thirty Years War. Zingli, a Protestant of means, delays leaving his home in Augsburg until the Catholic forces are plundering the city. His wife spends too much time packing her clothes, and so is forced to flee emptyhanded, leaving the child behind. Their maid, Anna, a simple girl, rescues the child and flees to her brother's farm in the country.
To avoid humiliation as an unwed mother, Anna claims that she is waiting for her husband to return for her. Given the nature of the war, the ruse is plausible for a time, but eventually, to avoid suspicion and possible eviction, she feels compelled to produce a husband. She marries a man who is on his deathbed, expecting to be a widow soon; however, he recovers and she must live with him for a few years.
When the war ends, Frau Zingli returns to reclaim her son. Ignatz Dollinger, a wise judge, cannot determine who is the real mother, so enacts a version of the Judgment of Solomon. The child is placed inside a chalk circle with two ropes tied around him: one in the hands of each claimant. Anna is unwilling to risk harm to the child, so pulls only lightly, while Frau Zingli pulls with force that could have "ripped the child in two." Although Anna appears to have lost the contest, the wise judge rules that, having shown the greater love, Anna is the fit and rightful mother.
Differences from the original.
While the essential form of the story and its resolution remain the same as in the original play, there are several important differences. Most obviously, the setting is changed from Imperial China to Germany, but the period chosen (the greatest civil war in the turbulent history of that country) has important consequences for the story.
Notably:

</doc>
<doc id="18700961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700961" title="Walt Dickson">
Walt Dickson

Walter Raleigh Dickson (December 3, 1878 in New Summerfield, Texas – December 9, 1918 in Ardmore, Oklahoma), nicknamed "Hickory", was a Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He would play for the Boston Braves, Pittsburgh Rebels, and New York Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="18700969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700969" title="Clayton Morris">
Clayton Morris

Clayton Morris (born December 31, 1976) is a co-host of "Fox & Friends Weekend" on Fox News Channel and a former co-host of "The Daily Buzz". He covers consumer technology for Fox and hosts weekly technology segments for Fox News Radio and FoxNews.com. 
Morris graduated with a bachelor's degree from the University of Pittsburgh in 1999. He attended Wilson High School (Spring Township, Pennsylvania) and is a frequent guest-panelist on the Fox News late-night satire show, "Red Eye w/ Greg Gutfeld".
He and his wife, Natali Morris have a son. They announced on October 27, 2011 that they were expecting a second child
Morris is a resident of Maplewood, New Jersey. 

</doc>
<doc id="18700976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700976" title="Jose D. Aspiras">
Jose D. Aspiras

Jose D. Aspiras was a Filipino politician. He was a member of Ferdinand Marcos's cabinet and was responsible for the designation of Agoo as a first class municipality. He is currently interred in the Agoo Basilica in the municipality of Agoo, La Union, Philippines.
The Agoo-Baguio Road, situated in the Province of La Union Region 1, is named the "Jose D. Aspiras Highway" in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18700984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700984" title="Jim Weaver (right-handed pitcher)">
Jim Weaver (right-handed pitcher)

James Dement "Big Jim" Weaver (November 25, 1903 in Obion County, Tennessee – December 12, 1983 in Lakeland, Florida), was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He played all or part of eight seasons in the majors, between and , for the Washington Senators, New York Yankees, St. Louis Browns, Chicago Cubs, Pittsburgh Pirates, and Cincinnati Reds.

</doc>
<doc id="18700991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700991" title="Helga de la Brache">
Helga de la Brache

Helga de la Brache, née Aurora Florentina Magnusson, (1817-09-06, Stockholm – 1885-01-11, Stockholm), was a Swedish con artist. She attained a royal pension by convincing the authorities that she was the secret daughter of King Gustav IV of Sweden and Queen Frederica of Baden.
The fraud.
The exiled Gustav IV and Frederica of Baden had divorced in 1812, but Helga de la Brache claimed that they had married again, secretly, "in a convent in Germany", which resulted in her birth in Lausanne in 1820. She was later sent to be raised by her alleged father's aunt, Princess Sophia Albertine of Sweden. When the Princess died in 1829, she was taken to the Vadstena asylum, so that the secret of her birth would be concealed as she would be thought to be insane. She was saved in 1834 and taken to her family in Baden, where she was placed under house arrest. In 1837, upon seeing the news of her father's death in the paper, she forgot to hide her grief. She returned to Sweden, where she was again put in an asylum to prevent the secret of her birth to be revealed. She managed to escape from the asylum, and was taken under the care of charitable people, who supported her despite persecution, and soon, she was given a pension of 6,000 § from her mother's family in Germany. In 1850, the pension had ceased coming, and she was unable to continue the standard of life to which she of birth had been accustomed - and she was also forced to support her many faithful friends, who stood by her during her years of persecution: No smaller pension than 5,000 or 6,000 would be sufficient.
Her story was believed by many private people in Sweden and Finland. She received great financial support from private benefactors. Followed by her faithful companion, who was an educated and cultivated woman who supported her story, de la Brache performed with a simplicity and naivete which made people unable to suspect she was cunning enough to have made it all up, and sensible enough for people to think that she did not believe it because she was mad. Eventually, even the skeptics had to admit that the story was at least theoretically possible. One of the reasons to why such a story could be believed, was that all contact with the deposed former dynasty was forbidden in 19th-century Sweden, which made it hard to verify and examine what would be likely regarding their family relations.
She convinced the salon hostess Frances Lewin-von Koch (1804–1888), the British born spouse of the minister of justice, Nils von Koch, who housed her and provided her with a lawyer, and through her also her husband; the parliamentary Anders Uhr and the royal court chaplain Carl Norrby, but was seen as a fraud by Prime minister Louis De Geer and foreign minister Ludvig Manderström. The queen mother Josefina took an interest in her, and provided her with an allowance. The king did not take much interest but wanted to get the whole affair over and done with. She was granted a meeting with Charles XV who, afterward, remarked to the parliamentarians: "Why, she is just as sane as you or me".
In March 1861, the king allowed her an annual pension from the foreign department of 2,400 Swedish riksdaler a year, (the amount, from the beginning 1.200, was made larger in December 1869). He also promised to get her the furniture of a princess. She managed to continue this for years.
In 1870, however, an article in a newspaper by C. Norrby, one of her benefactors, appeared, resulting in an investigation.
The real story.
In 1876–77, it was proved that she was born in Stockholm as Aurora Florentina Magnusson to the custom caretaker Anders Magnusson (died 1826). Her mother was left a poor widow with five children, and Magnusson only received one year of school education. At the confirmation of Aurora Magnusson, her mother was overheard saying, that Aurora was not her biological daughter, but a foster child. She named her biological parents and both belonging to the upper classes: her father as Count De Geer, and her mother as a "Förnäm fröken" (Unmarried noblewoman). This may have been either true or false, as no information has been confirmed one way or the other. True or false, it is nevertheless believed to have affected Aurora Magnusson greatly.
In 1835, she was a maid to a book-keeper named Hedman, where the family said that she always had the mind to "rise above her status". In 1838, she was employed by the wealthy merchant Henrik Aspegren on Västerlånggatan 78, whose daughter, Henrika, became deeply devoted to her, dressed her in elegant clothes and left her family for her. She was originally hired as a sewing help for the daughter's of the Aspegren family to prepare for a ball. When the Aspegren's was about to leave for the ball, Magnusson burst into tears and told them that she was homeless and had nowhere to sleep for the night, and she was thereby invited to stay. It was Henrika Aspegren who later became her companion and accomplice in the fraud.
When the two women moved to Finland in 1844, Aurora Florentina had the name de la Brache on her passport, and when she returned to Sweden in 1845, she changed her name to Anna Florentina de la Brache. She was named : "De la Brache, Anna Florentina, Miss, formerly known by the name Aurora Magnusson". She managed to have her name changed from her birth certificate to Helga. Aurora Magnusson was reported drowned. The two women can be traced to have moved around from one city to another in both Sweden and Finland - Helga was often supported by her friend, who worked as a teacher. In 1846 they were in Turku, where they managed a girl's school advertised by the noble name of de la Brache, and where Helga, as it was said, mastered the art of fainting upon uncomfortable questions from parents. In 1848, they lived in Örebro, in 1857–59 in Sala, where they tried to start a fashion shop, before they arrived in Stockholm in the 1860s to commence their fraud.
Aftermath.
The trial in 1876–77 draw much attention both from the public and the royal family and was much reported in the papers. It led to the loss of the pension of Helga/Florentina. The 2 March 1877, Helga de la Brache was judged guilty of having registered herself under a false name, year of birth and for not tax-registered herself for the year of 1877, and sentenced to fines 
"Princess Helga de la Brache" spent her last years in an apartment in Klara norra with her companion, seemingly paid for by a supporter. The two women lived a quiet life, walked in the park and ordered home food and rarely talked to other people, although Helga was described as a nice old woman. In 1884, however, the two women were observed in the gardens of Drottningholm Palace by King Oscar II, who ordered them to be escorted from the park. Soon after, they moved from their apartment to another one in Djurgården, because they were afraid that they were going to be arrested.
During her last years, she was described as dignified and sad. According to the artist Georg von Rosen, who was present at her death bed, she was genuinely convinced about her royal birth. 
She died in Djurgården 1885.
In 1909, the politician Per August Johansson tried to clear her name, but the process led to nothing. The later process of the 1910s was centered around the fact, that Frederica of Baden had named the Russian czar as the guardian of her children after her divorce, and because of this, Helga de la Brache was to have been entitled to economic compensation from the Russian czar. This process ended with the Russian revolution of 1917.
Several books have been written about her.

</doc>
<doc id="18700993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18700993" title="Boxing at the 1990 Asian Games">
Boxing at the 1990 Asian Games

The Boxing Tournament at the 1990 Asian Games was held in Beijing Institute of Physical Education, Beijing, China from September 25 to October 3, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18701002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701002" title="Times Like These (Buddy Jewell album)">
Times Like These (Buddy Jewell album)

Times Like These is the fourth studio album by American country music singer Buddy Jewell. The album was released on April 26, 2005 by Columbia Records. Two singles were released from the project, "If She Were Any Other Woman" and "So Gone." While the former peaked in the Top 30 of "Billboard"'s Hot Country Songs chart, the latter failed to chart entirely.
Sales of "Times Like These" failed to meet those of Jewell's debut, and he was dropped by Columbia in September 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18701006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701006" title="Ganglionic eminence">
Ganglionic eminence

In neuroanatomy and neuroembryology, a ganglionic eminence (GE) is a transitory brain structure that guides cell and axon migration. It is present in the embryonic and fetal stages of neural development found between the thalamus and caudate nucleus. The eminences are found in the ventral ventricular zone of the telencephalon, where they facilitate tangential cell migration during embryonic development. Tangential migration does not involve interactions with radial glial cells, instead the interneurons migrate perpendicularly through the radial glial cells to reach their final location. The characteristics and function of the cells that follow the tangential migration pathway seem to be closely related to the location and precise timing of their production. GABAergic interneurons migrate tangentially, and the GEs contribute significantly to building up the GABAergic cortical cell population. Another structure that the GEs contribute to is the basal ganglia. The GEs also guide the axons growing from the thalamus into the cortex and vice versa. In humans, the GEs disappear by one year of age. During development, neuronal migration continues until the extinction of the germ layer, at which point the remnants from the germ layer make up the eminences.
Categorization.
Ganglionic eminences are categorized into three groups based their on location within the subventricular zone:
A sulcus separates the medial and lateral ganglionic eminences. The expression of "Nkx2-1", "Gsx2", and "Pax6" is required to determine the independent progenitor cell populations in the LGE and MGE. Interactions between these three genes define the boundaries between the different progenitor zones and mutations of these genes can cause abnormal expansion around the MGE, LGE, ventral pallium (VP), and anterior entopeduncular region (AEP). The cells of the GEs are quite homogenous, with the MGE, LGE, and CGE all having small, dark, irregular nuclei and moderately dense cytoplasm, however, each eminence can be identified by the type of progeny that it produces. See the individual GE sections below for more information on the different types of progeny produced.
Additionally, the subventricular zone is the starting point of multiple streams of tangentially migrating interneurons that express "Dlx" genes. There are three main
tangential migration pathways that have been identified in this region: 
These pathways are temporally and spatially distinct, and produce a variety of GABAergic, and non-GABAergic
interneurons. One example of GABAergic interneurons that the GEs guide are parvalbumin-containing interneurons in the neocortex. Some examples of non-GABAergic interneurons that the GEs guide are dopaminergic interneurons in the olfactory bulb, and cholinergic interneurons in the striatum. Cells migrating along these pathways move at different rates. Some molecules that have been implicated in controlling the rate of the unidirectional movement of cells derived from the GEs are hepatocyte growth factor/scattered factor (HGF/SF), and variousneurotrophic factors.
Medial Ganglionic Eminence (MGE).
The primary purpose of the MGE during development is to produce GABAergic stellate-shaped cells and direct the cells' migration to the neocortex. The precursors of most GABAergic interneurons in the cerebral cortex migrate from the subcortical progenitor zone. More specifically, performing a mechanical transection of the migratory route from the MGE to the neocortex causes a 33% decrease in GABAergic interneurons in the neocortex. The MGE also produces some of the neurons and glia of the basal ganglia and hippocampus. The MGE may also be a source of Cajal-Retzius cells, but this remains controversial. Early in embryonic development, the interneurons in the cortex stem primarily from the MGE and the AEP. In vitro experiments show that MGE cells migrate more than 300 μm per day, three times faster than the migration of LGE cells. See more about the time frame and function of MGE in comparison to the LGE in the following section.
Lateral Ganglionic Eminence (LGE).
Compared to the early temporal frame of development in the MGE, the LGE aids in the tangential migration of cells later in the mid-embryogenic stage. Unlike the MGE, which guides most cell migration into the cortex during this stage, the LGE contributes less to cell migration to the cortex, and instead guides many cells to the olfactory bulbs. In fact, the migration to the olfactory bulb is led by the LGE into adulthood. The route that newly generated neurons take from the anterior subventricular zone to the olfactory bulb is called the rostral migratory stream. During the late stages of embryonic development, both the LGE and MGE guide cell migration to the cortex, specifically the proliferative regions of the cortex. Some studies have found that the LGE also contributes cells to the neocortex, but this remains an issue of debate. In vitro, cells migrating from the LGE travel at a rate of 100 μm per day, slower than the MGE cells.
Caudal Ganglionic Eminence (CGE).
The caudal ganglionic eminence is another subcortical structure that is essential to the generation of cortical interneurons. It is located next to the lateral ventricle, posterior to where the LGE and MGE fuse. The CGE is a fusion of the rostral medial and lateral ganglionic eminence, which begins at the mid to caudal thalamus. There are two molecular domains that exist within the CGE and closely resemble extensions of the caudal MGE and LGE. The CGE is distinct from the LGE and MGE in gene expression patterns and progeny produced. Unlike the cells from the MGE, the cells from the CGE were rarely parvalbumin-containing neurons. It seems that the majority of cells from the CGE were GABAergic interneurons, but depending on where they are located, CGE-derived cells are very diverse. CGE-derived cells include GABAergic interneurons, spiny interneurons, mossy cells, pyramidal and granule neurons, and even oligodendrocyte and astrocyte glial cells.
Cell Migration.
Cells in the ganglionic eminence migrate tangentially to neocortex, giving rise to interneurons. A variety of molecular mechanisms cooperate to direct this process. Embryonic interneuronal migration to the cerebral cortex is mediated by an array of motogenic growth factors in the MGE, repulsive factors in the striatum and LGE, permissive factors in migratory corridors in the ganglionic eminence, and attractive factors in the cortex itself. Cells in the LGE migrate to the striatal domain (caudate nucleus and putamen) and parts of the septum and amygdala. MGE cells follow a migratory path to the globus pallidus and part of the septum. The CGE gives rise to interneurons in the nucleus accumbens, the bed nucleus of the stria terminals, the hippocampus, and specific nuclei in the amygdala. This directed migration is induced by differences in gene expression between these subpallial domains. An array of genes are involved in the differentiation and specification of interneurons and oligodendrocytes, including: "Dlx1", "Dlx2", "Gsh1", "Mash1", "Gsh2", "Nkx2.1", "Nkx5.1", "Isl1", "Six3" and "Vax1".
Molecular Mechanisms for Directed Migration.
The induced migration of cells from the ganglionic eminence during development is directed by a variety of motogenic factors, molecules that increase cell motility, and chemotactic molecules. The motogenic factor HGF/SF enhances cell motility and directs cells away from subpallial regions and demarcates the routes followed by migrating cells. Neurotrophins, such as BDNF, are a family of motogenic factors involved in directing migration. The cerebral cortex provides chemoattractant molecules (for example NRG1 type I and II in the cortex) while subpallial areas produce chemorepulsive molecules (for example Slit) to direct cell migration. Additionally, some permissive factors (such as NRG1 type III) in the migratory corridors are necessary for this process to occur.
The neurotransmitters GABA and 5-HT have been implicated in the migratory as well. High GABA concentrations have been seen to cause random cell movement, while low concentrations promote directed migration. 5-HT has been tied to the process of incorporating interneurons into the cortical plate, as well as in the differentiation into subpopulations of interneurons.
Associated Disorders.
The migration of cells from the ventricular zone to their intended destination and the success of their differentiation can be interrupted in many different ways, including interference with mechanical motors or an alteration of molecular signals that initiate movement, lead the cell in migration, and terminate its migration. The function of the molecules that affect migration are not confined to cell movement, overlapping considerably with the events associated with neurogenesis. As a result, neuronal migration syndromes are difficult to classify.
The largest class of neuronal migration syndroms is lissencephaly. This includes a spectrum of simplified cortex ranging from agyria (a total absence of cortical convolutions) to pachygyria (broadened gyri) with unusually thick cortex.
Mis-migration of neurons can also result in Bilateral Periventricular Nodular Heterotopia, a disease recognized by neuronal heterotopia lining the lateral ventricles.
Zellweger Syndrome is characterized by a cortical dysplasia similar to polymicrogyria of cerebral and cerebellar cortex, occasionally with pachygyria surrounding the Sylvian fissure, and focal/subependymal heterotopia.
Kallmann syndrome is recognized by anosmia due to mental retardation, hypogonadism, and the failure of the olfactory bulb to develop.
Disorders of axonal projection and assembly are rarely pure, but closely related to neuronal migration genes. This notably includes agenesis of the corpus callosum.
Disturbances in the genesis of neural elements can result in cortical dysplasia. Examples include ectopic neurogenesis, microencephaly, and altered cell survival resulting in areas of hyperplasia, reduced apoptosis, and heterotopia.
Further Research.
Further research could be done on the migration of cells from the basal ganglia to the neocortex. The molecular mechanisms in control of this are still widely misunderstood. The number of known mutations that could interfere with neuronal migration is rapidly growing, and will continue to do so as further research is performed. The complexity of molecular steps needed to correctly place cells in a system as complicated as the brain is impressive, and as more pieces to this intricate puzzle arise, it will be easier to come up with strategies to remedy disorders associated with neuronal migration, and to potentially repair damage caused by trauma, stroke, maldevelopment, and aging.

</doc>
<doc id="18701014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701014" title="The Peninsula (newspaper)">
The Peninsula (newspaper)

'The Peninsula' is a daily English language newspaper published in Qatar.
History.
It was launched in 1996 by Dar Al Sharq, leading media house which publishes among other the Arabic daily "Al Sharq". 
"The Peninsula" occupies a distinct niche among discerning readers, with its depth and breadth of coverage. It raised the bar of journalism in the county. Besides being major player in the market, "The Peninsula" occupies a position of prestige in Qatar’s media world in terms of credibility and influence. Readers value it as a newspaper with mind of its own, decision-makers look at it as a barometer of public opinion and thought leaders seek its views on matters of critical importance to society.
The Peninsula is currently among the leading newspapers in the state of Qatar with its major competitors being the "Gulf Times", the "Qatar Chronicle" and the "Qatar Tribune". 

</doc>
<doc id="18701021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701021" title="Daphne Mayo">
Daphne Mayo

Daphne Mayo MBE (1 October 1895 – 31 July 1982) is a significant 20th century Australian artist, most prominently known for her work in sculpture, particularly the tympanum of Brisbane City Hall.
Personal life.
Born in Balmain, Sydney in 1895, she was educated in Brisbane at St. Margaret's Anglican Girls School, and received a Diploma in Art Craftsmanship from the Brisbane Central Technical College in 1913. At the college she was strongly influenced by L.J Harvey who initiated her interest in modelling. She further developed her skills in this medium when she was presented with an opportunity to go to London in 1919 through an art scholarship provided by Queensland Wattle League. There she took a position as an assistant sculptor before her acceptance into the Sculpture School of the Royal Academy.
Prominent Works.
Despite her small frame, she produced many physically demanding works that were carved in situ. On her return to Brisbane in 1925, Daphne created a number of local works including:
Public service.
She lobbied successfully on numerous occasions for funding for the fledgling Queensland Art Gallery, established with painter colleague Vida Lahey an Art Reference Library at the University of Queensland in 1936, was a trustee of the Queensland Art Gallery (1960–67), and left her private papers to The University of Queensland's Fryer Library.
For campaigning vigorously for the arts in Queensland during this time she was awarded the Society of Artists' medal in 1938 and MBE in 1959.
Legacy.
The Daphne Mayo Visiting Professorship in Visual Culture
The School of English, Media Studies and Art History at The University of Queensland established the annual Daphne Mayo Visiting Professorship in Visual Culture, featuring each year, a major world figure to visit Brisbane to speak about the latest trends, influences, and theories in their area of visual culture, and to give public lectures and take master classes with postgraduate students at The University of Queensland.
The Annual Daphne Mayo Lecture, also named in her honour, is presented by the University Art Museum and The School of English, Media Studies and Art History, in association with The Alumni Association of The University of Queensland Inc. and is dedicated to a leading Australian advocate of the visual arts. There is also an artists society named after her, the Friends of Daphne Mayo.

</doc>
<doc id="18701024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701024" title="The Waldorf-Astoria Orchestra">
The Waldorf-Astoria Orchestra

The Waldorf-Astoria Orchestra, in addition to providing dinner music at the famous hotel of the same name, made over 300 recordings and many radio broadcasts. It was established in the 1890s, and was directed by Joseph Knecht at least from the period 1908 to 1925, later by Jack Denny and others, and then Xavier Cugat from approximately 1933 to 1949. 
Denny and the Waldorf-Astoria Orchestra appeared in the movie "Moonlight and Pretzels" in 1933. Both Denny and Cugat had their own orchestras when they began playing at the Waldorf-Astoria, so the term "Waldorf-Astoria orchestras" might be an appropriate description.
History.
Some information about the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel (q.v. for further details) is relevant to the orchestra. The hotel was originally built as two separate adjacent hotels, the Waldorf in 1893 and the Astoria in 1897. Both were on the land that is now occupied by the Empire State Building, and the two hotels were connected after construction of the second one. The hotel had its current site on Park Avenue built in 1931. In addition to the normal function of a hotel to house its guests and provide them with amenities, the Waldorf-Astoria had an extensive program of social activities, to include concerts by top artists and an orchestra to provide music for its dinner guests.
An 1898 New York Times article mentions that the Waldorf-Astoria Orchestra played at the Astoria, and a 1901 New York Times Article mentions "Prof. Clappe, leader of the Waldorf-Astoria Orchestra, and the other fifteen performers."
In his autobiography, Nathaniel Shilkret, a member of the orchestra in its early days, provides information about the Orchestra and anecdotal stories about several of its members. Shilkret says he was a member of the Orchestra while attending the City College of New York. A search of the college’s files shows Shilkret attended classes in the Fall 1904 semester and is listed as an alumni, Class of ex’1910. This information establishes Knecht as director prior to 1910. Shilkret described the hotel as “almost a conservatory, rather than a hotel engagement…. There were thirty-five men engaged steadily for the dining rooms. In the Rose Room, Caruso records were played, with our group following the music of the record.” Shilkret said that there were nightly concerts from 9 pm to 10 pm, with the Orchestra enlarged to fifty on Sundays, and chamber music from 11 pm to 1 am, with Joseph Knecht as director.
Music historian Howard Pollack says, “This hotel orchestra, comprising a highly trained group of mostly Italian and Jewish musicians, regularly gave serious concerts, including one that Gershwin attended on April 13, 1913, at which [Charles Hambitzer performed the first movement of Anton Rubinstein’s "Piano Concerto in D Minor." Pollack says Hambitzer came to New York no later than 1908 and began playing in the string section (Hambitzer played many instruments) of the Waldorf-Astoria Orchestra.
A 1919 New York Times article states that, "Joseph Knecht led an 'all-American' program recently by the Waldorf Orchestra, whose twenty-five men have played together for twenty years," but does not indicate whether or not the orchestra played for the Waldoff-Astoria for its entire twenty-year existence. Two New York Times articles note the beginning and ending of the Waldorf-Astoria Orchestra's thirteenth season of Sunday concerts, which would imply that the Sunday concert feature of the Orchestra began in 1912. New York Times articles from 1926 refer to "Knecht's Silvertone Dance Orchestra" and "Knecht's orchestra," without any reference to the Waldorf-Astoria, from which it seems that Knecht's association with the Waldorf-Astoria ended in 1925. A New York Times obituary says that Knecht died on May 30, 1931. 
Several New York Times articles mention Waldorf-Astoria Orchestra with various conductors, including Harold Leonard (1926–1927), Meyer Davis (1929–1932), Nat Brandywine (1932), Jack Denny (1932), and Oscar Adler (1933). Meyer Davis's Waldorf-Astoria Orchestra is sometimes described as directed by Bill Artzt, Joe Moss, and Mischa Barr, instead of Davis himself.
Denny departed when Xavier Cugat's Orchestra began creating a stir at the Waldorf-Astoria. Cugat never had a contract with the Waldorf-Astoria, but his band reigned supreme there for 16 years. He began with a salary of $500 per week which escalated to $7,000 per week plus a percentage of the door.
Early members.
A picture of the Waldorf-Astoria Orchestra, dated March 4, 1918 and marked “to Mr. Oscar Tschirky on his 25th anniversary” is signed by each member of the orchestra. Tschirky was the maître d’ of the Waldorf-Astoria and was very well known. From the signatures on the picture, together with information from Shilkret’s autobiography, his payroll for his radio orchestras from 1928 through 1933 and the New York Philharmonic Archives, the orchestra members, and their principal instrument when known, include the following, with question marks indicating the signatures were not clear: Joseph Knecht (director), V. Adamo, F. Cardone?, N. Cassellee?, Leonard D'Amico (violin), Edward Davis, Carl W. Dodge (cello), Joseph Febbraio (horn), R. Fritock, Nicholas Garagusi (violin; Boys' Symphony Orchestra of New York soloist and concertmaster in 1902), Roy R. Haines (trombone), Charles J. Hambitzer (George Gershwin’s principal piano teacher), Louison? Heidelberg, Edward Kilenyi (violin), A. Kirchner (bassoon), Peter Le Fina, Frank Longo (piano), Benjamin Posner (violin), D. Reggel, D. Saeirtel, Max Schlossberg (trumpet), Nathaniel Shilkret (clarinet), Harry K. Spedick, Stefano L. Stefan?, F. Tantangelo, Van Praag, George Vaughn (clarinet), O. Walther. Shilkret also cites Dan Marshall as a flute player in the orchestra under Knecht.
Recordings.
Knecht, and Cugat each directed over 150 recordings with the Waldorf-Astoria Orchestra. Denny also made a significant number of recordings, but only about fifteen appeared with the Waldorf-Astoria name.
The first recording by the Orchestra was "Maytime Waltz", recorded on December 10, 1917 and issued as Victor 18432. Whitburn lists this recordings being charted as a number 9 hit the following year, and lists three other Waldorf-Astoria Orchestra recordings as being “charted,” including "Beautiful Ohio", which was listed as charted number one in 1919. The Orchestra made recordings for several different record companies, with the last recording directed by Knecht being made for Edison in November 1925.
Denny recorded for Victor in 1932, including an experimental LP recording.
Cugat also directed over 150 recordings with the Orchestra between 1937 and 1942, the earlier recordings for Victor and the later ones for Columbia. Whitburn lists twenty-one of the Cugat recordings as "charted."
Radio broadcasts.
The Orchestra was one of the earliest orchestras heard on radio. Broadcasts began on WJZ in Newark, New Jersey and continued throughout the 1920s as the network chain was established.
On February 4, 1923, "The Washington Post" reported:
Sies describes details of a spring 1924 broadcast of classical music on Dinner Music from the Rose Room on WEAF (soon to be the flagship station of the NBC network), and the New York Times said that the Rose Room Dinner Music was a favorite program for listeners of WEAF for many years.
The Eveready Hour article includes a picture (see Commons below) which is labeled as including the Waldorf-Astoria Orchestra in a publicity picture for the November 4, 1924 Eveready Hour broadcast. Neither the musicians nor the instrumentation match the 1918 photograph of the orchestra cited above.
By 1928, the Waldorf-Astoria Orchestra was heard Saturdays in the New York area on WABC and WEAF, in Washington, D.C. on WRC, and it was also heard in Detroit (WWJ), Boston (WEEI) and WCAE (Hartford). The music was usually on at 6pm to provide what was labeled "dinner music," and NBC broadcast it throughout the United States in the 1930s. Minus a brass section, the 1932 orchestra that Jack Denny helmed at the Waldorf-Astoria employed three pianos, clarinets, saxophones, strings and possibly a French horn or oboe.

</doc>
<doc id="18701041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701041" title="Times Like These">
Times Like These

Times Like These may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18701046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701046" title="Muhammad Juman">
Muhammad Juman

Ustad Muhammad Juman (10 October 1935 - 24 January 1990) was a Sindhi musician and classical singer whose impact on Sindhi music is still pervasive . 
He was born in the village of Sorra, Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan to a musicians family of Sakhirani clan.His father Haji Ahmed Sakhirani was also a Singer.Thus he became fond of music from his childhood.He learnt the music formally from great Pakistani musician Ustad Nazar hussain who was also music teacher of clebrated singer Noor Jehan.<br>
1980, he was awarded Pride of Performance by the Government of Pakistan in recognician of his services in the music of Pakistan
Biography.
Early life and career.
He went to Radio Pakistan in Karachi to start a career as a "Surando" Player (fiddler).He played symphony of Kohyari in audition and started working as staff musician of Radio Pakistan Karachi.he played "Surrando" in hormany of many artists especially Ustad Muhammad Ibrahim.
In 1955, he came into Radio PakistanHyderabad as musicians where he composed Kalams of various Sufi saints of Sindh.
Muhammad Jumman received his music education from Ustad Nazir Hussain and Bary Waheed Ali Khan, expert on Bhittai's Surs (Symphonies). He became very famous when he sang a Sindhi Kalam of Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai:<br>
He also sang Mir Sikandar Khan Khoso's kafis "Ishq munjhon izhar thee ayo" and "Kech Punhal day hal kahay hal" at Radio Pakistan. Juman's son, Shafi Muhammad, also followed his style of kafi singing.
Juman was awarded a Bedil Award, Gold Award, Saga Award, and Latif Award, and Pride of Performance by the Pakistani government.
Death.
Juman died on 24 January 1990 in Karachi.

</doc>
<doc id="18701047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701047" title="A Hen in the Wind">
A Hen in the Wind

Plot.
The film is set in immediate postwar Japan, Tokyo. Tokiko (Kinuyo Tanaka), a twenty-nine-year-old mother of a young boy of four, is waiting for her husband's repatriation from World War II. In postwar Tokyo prices are escalating and the mother rents a room in a working-class industrial district, making ends meet through dressmaking. She is supported by a long-time friend and former workmate Akiko (Chieko Murata).
One day, Tokiko's son little Hiroshi falls ill and needs to be hospitalized. Although Hiroshi subsequently recovers, the high hospital bills force Tokiko to commit one desperate act: she decides to prostitute herself for a night at an out-of-the-way establishment. When Akiko finds out about this she chides Tokiko for being stupid, and Tokiko begins to feel shame and folly even though she explains she has no other choice.
The husband, Shuichi Amamiya (Shūji Sano), finally returns from the war belatedly and the couple is blissfully reunited. However, the conversation turns to Hiroshi's recent illness and Tokiko, finding it impossible to lie, comes clean with her husband over what she has done. Shuichi flies into a rage and is totally unable to concentrate on his job for the next few days. Thoughts about his wife's "misdeed" obsesses him and he finds out from her exactly where the establishment is. Then he makes a secret visit to the place one afternoon, only to find another young, 21-year-old prostitute about to service him there. From her he realizes that her resort to prostitution is out of desperation: her father is unable to work and her younger brother is in school. Shuichi resolves to find for the girl a proper job at his workplace.
Shuichi confides his troubles to his colleague, Satake (Chishu Ryu). Satake promises to do his best to help the girl, and advises Shuichi to forgive his wife. But Shuichi states that he simply cannot help getting upset over Tokiko's act. When he returns home, Tokiko tries desperately to placate him and apologizes repeatedly over her mistake, but Shuichi treats her brutally and violently, throwing her down a flight of stairs accidentally by force. When he realizes she is hurt, he begins to get a grip over himself. An injured Tokiko limps back up the room and tries further to reconcile with Shuichi, who confesses that he too is in the wrong. They finally embrace each other desperately and promise to forget everything and start anew, relying on each other for their ultimate support.
Release.
In 2011, the BFI released a Region 2 DVD of the film as a bonus feature on its dual-format edition of "An Autumn Afternoon".

</doc>
<doc id="18701057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701057" title="Sultana bint Abdulaziz Al Saud">
Sultana bint Abdulaziz Al Saud

Sultana bint Abdulaziz (ca. 1928 - 7 July 2008) was a member of the House of Saud. 
Early life.
Sultana was born in around 1928. She was the daughter of King Abdulaziz, and his twelfth wife, Mudhi. Princess Sultana was full sister of late Sattam, late Majid and late Haya.
Death.
Sultana bint Abdulaziz died on 7 July 2008, aged 80, following a long illness. Her funeral was held on 8 July 2008 at the Turki bin Abdullah Mosque in Riyadh. Condolence messages were sent to King Abdullah, the Saudi government and the Saudi Royal Family from Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifah, and Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa and Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al Thani.

</doc>
<doc id="18701079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701079" title="Marta Sobral">
Marta Sobral

Marta de Souza Sobral (born 23 March 1964 in São Paulo) is a former Brazilian female basketball player. Sobral, while a member of the Brazil women's national basketball team, participated in three Summer Olympics (1992, 1996, 2000), and won a medal in two of them (1996 and 2000). She is the sister of fellow Brazilian basketball Olympian Leila Sobral.

</doc>
<doc id="18701092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701092" title="Samsung Super League">
Samsung Super League

The Samsung Super League was the commercial denomination of the Nations Cup, one of the most prestigious Grand Prix Show Jumping series in the world, from 2003 until 2008. 
The Samsung Super League was sponsored by Samsung Electronics and organized by the Fédération Équestre Internationale (FEI). Teams from eight nations competed on a rotating basis. The team with the lowest score at the end of the series was relegated, and the highest ranking Nations Cup team was given the opportunity to take their place.
Competition.
This series consisted of eight events in eight European countries. Each of the eight participating teams consisted of four riders who rode the course twice. Each team's lowest score for each round was dropped. Teams scored points for their placings in each event, with the final event in Barcelona counting double.
History.
Samsung first became a sponsor of FEI show jumping competition in 1988. The first Super League series took place in 2003. Samsung's involvement with FEI show jumping ended after the 2008 super league season.

</doc>
<doc id="18701098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701098" title="Music for the Maases">
Music for the Maases

Overview.
Music For The Maases is an electronic compilation album mixed by German DJ Timo Maas in 2000. It was released on October 03, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18701100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701100" title="Her Jungle Love">
Her Jungle Love

Her Jungle Love is a 1938 American adventure film directed by George Archainbaud and starring Dorothy Lamour. Portions of the film were shot at Palm Springs, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18701112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701112" title="Kenwood, Roanoke, Virginia">
Kenwood, Roanoke, Virginia

Kenwood is a Roanoke, Virginia neighborhood located in southeast Roanoke, along the north bank of the Roanoke River. It borders the neighborhoods of Morningside on the west, Fallon on the north, Riverdale on the south and the Town of Vinton on the east. The neighborhood is predominantly residential in character with the bulk of commercial development built along its Virginia State Route 24 (Dale Avenue) frontage. Its development patterns typical of those experienced for an American city during the early 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18701125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701125" title="Soviet cruiser Murmansk (1955)">
Soviet cruiser Murmansk (1955)

Murmansk () was a light cruiser project no. 68-bis (designated the "Sverdlov" class by NATO) of the Soviet and later the Russian Navy's Northern Fleet.
She was laid down in Severodvinsk in 1953 and commissioned on 22 September 1955. The "Murmansk" joined the 2nd Cruiser Division on the division's formation in 1956.
In 1994 she was sold to India for scrapping but ran aground off the Norwegian village of Sørvær during the transfer. It was first estimated that the winter storms would destroy the parts of "Murmansk" above the water, but in 2009 funding was allocated to pay for the dismantling of the vessel. Since the ship was in very bad state when the decision to remove it was done, there was no possibility to tow it. It had to be removed piece by piece. The project has started and a dry dock has been built around the ship to allow heavy machinery to access her. The dock around the wreck was sealed in April 2012. As of mid-May the dock is almost empty of water and the demolishing of the cruiser can start. The project is scheduled to be completed in 2013.
There is a dispute about possible radioactive substances within the ship. Some claim that the substance found is Polonium-210, which has a half-life of 138 days.

</doc>
<doc id="18701129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701129" title="Simon Smith (footballer)">
Simon Smith (footballer)

Simon Timothy Gordon Smith is a former footballer and currently working as U19's coach for the England national football team.
Biography.
Playing career.
Smith began his professional career with Newcastle United in 1978, spending four years there before moving on to Whitley Bay and then Gateshead, where he played 501 games, including a run of 405 games in a row, over a ten-year period. He also signed as a non-contract player for Carlisle United, Sunderland and again Newcastle United.
Coaching career.
Smith returned to Newcastle United in 1993 as a goalkeeping coach, working firstly at the Centre of Excellence and latterly as Academy goalkeeping coach working with goalkeepers from the age of 8–19.
In the summer of 1999, Smith became first-team goalkeeping coach working under Ruud Gullit and Sir Bobby Robson. He was Sir Bobby Robson's goalkeeping coach over a five-year period, coaching in the Premier League with goalkeepers Shay Given, Steve Harper, Lionel Perez, John Karelse and Tony Caig.
On 16 September 2004 Smith handed in his resignation and left the club. He was replaced by Roy Tunks.
Smith has since worked for the Football Association as the goalkeeping coach to the England under-19 and under-17 teams and as a goalkeeping scout identifying and reporting on current and possible England goalkeepers. He has also worked as goalkeeping coach to the women's national football team.
After successfully completing a B.A. Sports studies degree in 1995, Smith also set up his own goalkeeping coaching company, "Simon Smith Goalkeeping". In 2005, Simon Smith Goalkeeping joined forces with Bobby Charlton Soccer and Sports Academy to provide a specialist coaching programme and specialist staff.
In 2006 Smith moved to Vancouver to undertake a year long secondment to research the "biomechanics of goalkeeping", during this time he worked as a consultant to the Canadian Soccer Association, working with the senior and under-20 national soccer team. He also worked in the MLS with Frank Yallop at the LA Galaxy, working with goalkeepers Steve Cronin and Kevin Hartman.
On 17 July 2007 Smith joined Carlisle United as a part-time goalkeeping coach. On 5 August 2008 he was replaced by Dave Timmins because the club wasn't satisfied with his only part-time involvement at the team.

</doc>
<doc id="18701142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701142" title="Eric Evans (Welsh Rugby Union)">
Eric Evans (Welsh Rugby Union)

William Eric Evans (27 February 1894, – 21 June 1955) was a Welsh rugby player and the secretary of the Welsh Rugby Union from 1948–1955.
Born in Neath in 1894, Evans left Wales to study at St Catharine's College, Cambridge. He returned to Neath during his vacations where he played for the Neath Rugby Club. The outbreak of the First World War prevented Evans completing his university education and he was posted at Gallipoli. After the end of hostilities he returned to Cambridge and graduated in 1922. He returned to Wales and became English master and rugby coach of Cardiff High School. In 1923 he was one of the founding members of the Welsh Secondary Schools Rugby Union (WSSRU), to which the turn in fortune in Welsh rugby in the 1930s is attributed. He was a director of the Cardiff Arms Park Company and was a freeman of Haverfordwest. 
In 1948 Evans would replace fellow Neath stalwart, Walter E. Rees, as secretary of the Welsh Rugby Union, after acting as honorary assistant secretary for the previous two years. Evans was a popular choice having been a member of the union for the last twenty one years and proving through his connections with the WSSRU his commitment to the advancement of the Welsh game. In his first season as secretary he brought clear administration and a sense of professionalism. During his first Christmas in charge he returned nearly a hundred gifts from various donors who were hoping for some consideration in the distribution of international tickets.
In 1955 Evans died while still in office; during his time as secretary he saw Wales win two Triple Crowns and the formation of the Welsh Youth Union in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="18701171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701171" title="Bay Radio">
Bay Radio

Bay Radio can refer to either of the following radio stations:

</doc>
<doc id="18701183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701183" title="Riverdale, Roanoke, Virginia">
Riverdale, Roanoke, Virginia

Riverdale is a Roanoke, Virginia neighborhood located in southeast Roanoke, along the south bank of the Roanoke River. It borders the neighborhoods of Morningside on the west, Kenwood on the north, Garden City on the south and the Town of Vinton on the east. The neighborhood is predominantly residential in character, and its development patterns typical of those experienced for an American city during the early to mid-20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18701218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701218" title="Helen Chadwick (musician)">
Helen Chadwick (musician)

Helen Chadwick is a British musician and singer who has written over 200 songs, mainly for unaccompanied voices. She has made six solo albums and several with other artists. She composes for radio, theatre, and opera and creates song theatre performances, both solo and with her group. As a singer she has worked with Meredith Monk, Orlando Gough and for the Royal National Theatre. Recently she has created, composed and sung in Dalston Songs and The Singing Circle, both commissioned by the Royal Opera House.

</doc>
<doc id="18701223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701223" title="Simon Smith">
Simon Smith

Simon Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18701224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701224" title="Bas Dost">
Bas Dost

Bas Dost (; born 31 May 1989 in Deventer) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a striker for Bundesliga club VfL Wolfsburg.
Club career.
Early career.
Dost's first club was Germanicus, where he spent his youth career. After a few seasons, FC Emmen took Dost into their youth academy.
FC Emmen.
Dost showed his potential at Emmen and the club offered him a contract before the start of the 2007–08 season, during which he played for the main squad. He started as on the bench, but later on in the season he was given more time to play. At one point he was just about to move to Finland, to RoPS as Emmen's former technical director Tom Saintfiet was coaching there. The move was turned down by RoPS's management. Dost scored his first goal for Emmen on 8 February 2008 in the game against Fortuna Sittard. Among later goals, the most notable were a hat trick in the Derby match against BV Veendam, which Emmen won 3–2.
Heracles Almelo.
Dost moved to Heracles Almelo in the summer of 2008, for a transfer fee of more than €300,000. Dost showed his potential and was considered one of the Eredivisie's greatest talents. After this successful season there were many rumours that Dost would be transferred to Ajax. These rumours wouldn't come true because he signed for SC Heerenveen on 4 February 2010 on his agent Henk Nienhuis advice.
SC Heerenveen.
On 18 May 2010, the young striker was signed by SC Heerenveen, the 20-year-old arrived from Heracles Almelo for a transfer fee of around €3,200,000 and signed with his new club a five-year-deal. In his first season with the Heerenveen, he finished as the club's top scorer with 13 league goals.
On 10 December 2011, Dost scored all five goals in Heerenveen's 5–0 win away to SBV Excelsior, taking his total to 14 goals in 16 Eredivisie games. He finished as the topscorer in the Eredivisie with 32 league goals in 34 matches.
VfL Wolfsburg.
On 1 June 2012, it was announced by the official website of VfL Wolfsburg that Dost would join the club. On 25 August 2012, he scored the winner away against VfB Stuttgart on his league debut. Following the sacking of Felix Magath, Dost scored a brace in Lorenz-Günther Köstner's debut as manager, a 4–1 thumping of Fortuna Düsseldorf on 27 October. After the appointment of Klaus Allofs as sporting director, Dost netted Wolfsburg's second, and the eventual winner, in a 3–1 defeat of Hoffenheim on 18 November, lifting the Wolves out of the bottom three.
On 8 December he scored the winning goal against champions Borussia Dortmund, firing it past Roman Weidenfeller, securing a 3–2 away victory.
International career.
In August 2012, he was called up by new manager Louis van Gaal for a friendly match against Belgium, but did not feature.

</doc>
<doc id="18701261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701261" title="Outside Royalty">
Outside Royalty

Outside Royalty is a six-piece indie rock band originating from Pittsburgh, PA. 
History.
In 2006, four members of the band (Adam Billing, Eizan Miyamoto, Rachel Wu, and Brandon Paluzzi) moved to London, England where they were joined by cellist Frederique Legrand and bassist Paul Crawford-Smith
In 2007 the band were among the 14 finalists in the Virgin 'Road to V' competition, and made it to the final four. Also in 2007, the band toured the UK with the Young Knives and Pete and the Pirates. Since arriving in London, the band has played with a wide variety of artists, including Babyshambles, The Holloways, The Duke Spirit, Wild Beasts and Good Shoes, and played five sell out shows at Club NME at Koko in London. 
"The Guardian" announced the Outside Royalty as the "New Band Of The Day" on November 16, 2007. 
In November 2009, it was announced that Outside Royalty will be the opening band for The Cranberries EU tour in March 2010. 
Bassist Paul Crawford-Smith left the band in mid-2010 and was replaced by Scott Milner (from The Fight).

</doc>
<doc id="18701274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701274" title="Miller Court/Arrowood, Roanoke, Virginia">
Miller Court/Arrowood, Roanoke, Virginia

Miller Court/Arrowood is a Roanoke, Virginia neighborhood located in northwest Roanoke, bound to the east by Interstate 581. It borders the neighborhoods of Westview Terrace on the west, Fairland on the south, Airport on the east and Roanoke County on the north. The neighborhood sees both a mix of residential and commercial development throughout its area. Its development patterns typical of those experienced for an American city during the mid-20th century with low-density housing and commercial developments along its Virginia State Route 117 (Peters Creek Road) frontage.
Today the area is noted as being the location of both William Fleming High School and William Ruffner Middle School.

</doc>
<doc id="18701291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701291" title="Alex Nicholls (footballer)">
Alex Nicholls (footballer)

Alexander Douglas "Alex" Nicholls (born 9 December 1987) is an English footballer who plays for Northampton Town. He can play as both a midfielder and a striker.
Career.
Walsall.
After impressing in reserve and youth team games, Nicholls broke into Walsall's first team in the 2005–06 season, making his debut in December 2005 in a FA Cup clash with Yeovil Town. In that same season Nicholls went on to make 13 appearances which included a Football League Trophy clash with Swansea City, it was in this game that he scored his first professional goal for the club. However, his season ended prematurely as he broke his leg while playing in a youth cup tie with Hednesford Town.
In 2007, Nicholls went on loan to Burton Albion. He made 14 appearances for "the Brewers" before returning to Walsall at the end of April.
During the 2007–08 season, Nicholls played as both a right winger and a striker and had a short stint as water boy, making 24 appearances and scoring three goals, which included an FA Cup goal in an away replay with Millwall.
Nicholls was offered a new two-year contract by the club on 10 May 2010 which he accepted. He scored his first goal of the 2010–11 season against Brentford in a 2–1 victory, by scoring a well placed lob.
Northampton Town.
In June 2012, Nicholls joined Football League Two side Northampton Town on a free transfer after his contract expired. On 27 October he broke his leg after a late challenge from Port Vale defender John McCombe.

</doc>
<doc id="18701295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701295" title="Umka (cartoon character)">
Umka (cartoon character)

Umka () is a cartoon polar bear character from the Russian animation studio Soyuzmultfilm () that appeared in two short films.

</doc>
<doc id="18701307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701307" title="Adriana Moisés Pinto">
Adriana Moisés Pinto

Adriana "Adrianinha" Moisés Pinto (born 6 December 1978 in Franca, São Paulo state) is a Brazilian female basketball player. She has participated in two Summer Olympics (2000 and 2004) and won a medal in one (a bronze in 2004). In August 2008, Pinto will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics. Has daughter Aaliyah on May 27, 2006 her boyfriend of A.J. Guyton

</doc>
<doc id="18701314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701314" title="Bay Radio (Spain)">
Bay Radio (Spain)

Bay Radio is an English language radio station for expats in Spain. It serves the Costa Blanca, broadcasting from Valencia to Torrevieja. The station is on-air 24 hours a day.

</doc>
<doc id="18701317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701317" title="SK1 (program)">
SK1 (program)

sK1 is an open-source illustration program for the Linux platform that can be used as a substitute for professional proprietary software like CorelDRAW or Adobe Illustrator. Unique project features are CorelDRAW formats importers, tabbed multidocument interface, Cairo-based engine, and color management. The program was put on feature freeze since 2010, and development switched to its successor, PrintDesign.
History.
A small team led by Igor Novikov started the project in 2003, based on the existing open source vector graphics editor Skencil. It was based on the Skencil 0.6.x series which used Tk widgets for a GUI. This version was dropped by the main Skencil developers who have since started developing a new branch of the program based on GTK+ (although this version remains immature compared to the 0.6.x series). sK1 has therefore become a fork. Although an attempt was made to unify the project with Skencil, it failed.
In 2007 the sK1 team reverse-engineered the CDR format. The results and the first working snapshot of the CDR importer were presented at the Libre Graphics Meeting 2007 conference taking place in May 2007 in Montreal (Canada). Later on the team parsed the structure of other Corel formats with the help of CDR Explorer. As of 2008, the sK1 project claims to have the best import support for CorelDRAW file formats among open source software programs.
Target audience.
Since the project was started by a small team of Ukrainian professionals in prepress, it was unambiguously focused on full support for PostScript, PDF, CMYK color model and color management at the expense of developing some advanced functions for illustrators. Informally the project is positioned as a free open source alternative to the commercial CorelDRAW.

</doc>
<doc id="18701323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701323" title="Holiday Park, Germany">
Holiday Park, Germany

Holiday Park is an amusement park in Haßloch, Germany. It is one of Germany's most popular theme parks (receiving about a million visitors per year) and is part park and part woodland. Its Free Fall Tower was the first amusement ride of its kind in Europe. The Park also offers several roller coasters, including Expedition GeForce, a waterpark, and live shows.

</doc>
<doc id="18701324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701324" title="Almog Cohen">
Almog Cohen

Almog Cohen (, born 1 September 1988) is an Israeli footballer currently playing for 2. Bundesliga side FC Ingolstadt 04.
Career.
Cohen began his career with Beitar Tubruk and signed for Maccabi Netanya in summer 2006. In February 2010, Maccabi Netanya F.C. confirmed that he was set to join 1. FC Nürnberg in the 2010 summer transfer window. He made his league debut for the club on the third day of the 2010–11 Bundesliga season, starting Nürnberg's match at Hamburg. Coincidentally, his debut goal in the Bundesliga was also against Hamburg, Nürnberg won the game 2–0 with Cohen scoring the second goal of the match.
On 30 July 2013, he joined FC Ingolstadt 04 on a three-year contract. 
International career.
He has represented the Israel national under-21 football team and now plays for the senior side.

</doc>
<doc id="18701329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701329" title="Bavarian goods wagon classes">
Bavarian goods wagon classes

The Royal Bavarian State Railways had, at different times, three different goods wagon classification systems that roughly correspond to the early, middle and late period of the state railway era in Bavaria:
In practice Epoch Ic may have extended into the mid-1920s because it would have taken time for practices to change and for wagons to be repainted. In Bavaria, this may have taken longer than elsewhere, because they were part of the independent 'Bavarian Group Administration', the only one of its kind in the Reichsbahn. The following sections explain the goods wagon classification schemes in the 3 epochs.
Epoch Ia (1867-92) – the first wagon classification scheme.
The first numbering system was introduced in 1867 and used capital letters for the various types of goods wagon as follows:
Photographs indicate that, initially, not all letters were used in their final meaning, but the system was fully developed by 1877 after the nationalization of the Bavarian Ostbahn. It was refined using indices – Roman or Arabic numbers – to designate old wagons built before 1859 or new, longer, vehicles built after 1880. E.g. an A I was an old, 6-wheeled, goods van for a load of 120 cwt whilst an A³ was a 10 m long “modern” van for 15t load (10t was ‘normal’). The owner inscription was K.Bay.Sts.B. with a rather square crowned Bavarian coat of arms (white and blue lozenges). An old-fashioned Antiqua-type was used.
Epoch Ib (1893-1912) – the second classification scheme.
In 1893 the K.Bay.Sts.B. introduced the intermediate system with capital letters showing the main type and small letters showing things like loading length, load, height of the sides etc. It was similar, but not identical, to the Prussian system; in particular the use of the small letters was quite different. The following table gives the type designations in combination with type description and the number range: 
Examples of small letters used: 
Peculiarities of this system were also that double capitals were not only used for 8-wheeled vehicles, but also for 4-wheelers with 20 tons load and more (e.g. OOm(u), a 4-wheel iron coal wagon). Triple capitals - SSS - were used for heavy load 12-wheel well wagons. The owner inscription was K.Bay.Sts.B., now without a coat of arms. A type without serifs was used. 
In 1909 the German state railways agreed upon the joint use of their freight stock, and founded the German State Railway Wagon Association ("Deutscher Staatsbahnwagenverband" or "DSV"). Besides the standardization of goods wagons, standardized wagon numbering, based on the Prussian system, was introduced. As far as can be traced today, the Bavarians waited until 1912/13 before applying it to old wagons, because the yearly amendments to the wagon roster book (of 1903) say “future” for the new standardized designations. Furthermore, the standardized designations were altered for some wagon types between 1909 and 1912, when they were given their final meaning. (e.g. for "Rungenwagen", SmlRu was planned first, but they became Rm eventually).
Epoch Ic (1912-1920) - the third classification scheme.
From June 1912 the K Bay Sts B used a new naming and numbering scheme for goods wagons as follows:
1. Wagons based at a given station, ("Stationswagen" = DRG "Heimatwagen") had the name of the division ("Direktion") where they were based.
2. All wagons of the "rechtsrheinisches Netz", east of the Rhine, which could be used freely
3. All wagons of the former Palatinate Railway ("Pfalzbahn" - west of the Rhine) were allocated Ludwigshafen
4. Private owner wagons received the name of the division where they were stationed.
5. All new wagons of the Verbandsbauart were designated München (except 1 is valid). 
In addition to renaming, wagons were re-numbered according to class, see below. The change of designations and in some cases also numbers was documented in a new edition of the wagon roster book. On one hand, the divisions were used for owner inscription (instead of K.Bay.Sts.B.), in combination with a coat of arms (this was Prussian practice too), on the other hand they were used for a kind of sorting. Wheel sets of Form 39 had 988mm Ø wheels and 145mm Ø axles. Wheel sets of Form 41 had 1000mm Ø wheels and 155mm diameter axles. The date given for the introduction of "Gattungsbezirke" is 1910. This coincided with the renumbering of Bavarian goods wagons, as follows: 
Although the livery of goods wagons was established as red-brown by the DSV with effect from 1 Jan 1911, the K.Bay.Sts.B. did not issue the instructions until 4 Apr 1912, so green wagons would presumably have been seen for some time after this. Unlike the DRG, the Bavarians used divisional names for generations rather than classes of wagon (however Würzburg was unused): 
1. Old generation 1844-1858: 4- and 6-wheeled wagons for loads below 10 tons. Withdrawn by the turn of the 19th/20th century.
2. Classic generation (mostly Regensburg) 1858-1891: 4-wheeled wagons for 10 tons load; and a handful of 6- and 8-wheelers (mainly platform wagons) for loads of 15 tons and more.
3. Modern generation 1892-1912: 4-, 6-, 8- and 12-wheeled wagons with a max load of ≥15 t (prototypes for the well known Trix-models)

</doc>
<doc id="18701332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701332" title="Westview Terrace, Roanoke, Virginia">
Westview Terrace, Roanoke, Virginia

Westview Terrace is a Roanoke, Virginia neighborhood located in northwest Roanoke. It borders the neighborhoods of Peachtree/Norwood on the west, Villa Heights and Washington Heights on the south and Miller Court/Arrowood on the north and east. The neighborhood is predominantly residential in character throughout its area with limited commercial development along its Virginia State Route 117 (Peters Creek Road) frontage. Its development patterns typical of those experienced for an American city during the mid-20th century with low-density housing.

</doc>
<doc id="18701359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701359" title="Eupatorium sessilifolium">
Eupatorium sessilifolium

Eupatorium sessilifolium, commonly called Upland Boneset or Sessile-leaved Boneset, is a herbaceous perennial plant in the family Asteraceae. This species is native to eastern North America, where it blooms in late summer with white flowers.
Description.
Upland Boneset has stems that grow from 50 to over 100 centimeters tall. They are produced from a caudice or short rhizome. The top of the stems, where the branching begins to the flower heads, have short hairs, while the lower part of the stems have no hairs. The leaves are arranged in opposite pairs and are toothed. The leaf bases are rounded and the leaves are sessile (lacking stalks), but they do not clasp around the stem. The foliage is dotted with glands. "Eupatorium sessilifolium" blooms in August and September (July in the southern part of its range), and the small inflorescences are branched and composed of widely spaced, white flower heads in corymbiform arrays. The heads typically have five or six disc florets per head, and no ray florets.
Upland Boneset has a wide distribution within the eastern and central United States, but is endangered in Minnesota, New Hampshire, and Vermont. It is a threatened species in Michigan, and legally protected in that state.
Hybrids.
As is common in "Eupatorium", "E. sessilifolium" can form hybrids with other species in the genus. In particular, "Eupatorium godfreyanum" is a hybrid of "E. sessilifolium" and "Eupatorium rotundifolium" (although it reproduces by apomixis and thus can be found outside the range of the two parent species).

</doc>
<doc id="18701364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701364" title="Elias Recaido">
Elias Recaido

Elias Recaido (born May 15, 1970) is a retired boxer from the Philippines, who competed for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. There he was defeated in the quarterfinals of the Men's Flyweight (– 51 kg) division by Cuba's eventual gold medalist Maikro Romero (3:18). He won a bronze medal at the 1990 Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18701365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701365" title="USS ATA-217">
USS ATA-217

USS "ATA-217 was an of the United States Navy built near the end of World War II. Originally laid down as Tesota" (YN-95), a net tender of the , she was redesignated as AN-71, a net layer, before launch. Before completion, the name "Tesota" was cancelled and the ship was named "ATA-217", an unnamed auxiliary ocean tug.
Career.
"ATA-217" was laid down as the net tender "Tesota" (YN-95) on 11 December 1943 at Slidell, Louisiana, by the Canulette Shipbuilding Company; was reclassified a net laying ship and redesignated "AN-71" on 20 January 1944; and was launched on 29 July 1944. However, the name "Tesota" was canceled on 10 August 1944, and the ship was reclassified an auxiliary ocean tug and re-designated "ATA-217" on the same day. She was commissioned on 16 January 1945, Lt. H. A. V. Post, USNR, in command. Following a short shakedown cruise early in February 1945, the tug departed Norfolk, Virginia, for Hawaii and arrived at her home port, Pearl Harbor, on 1 March. After serving there for more than a year, the ship proceeded to the U.S. West Coast.
"ATA-217" was decommissioned at Mare Island, California, on 7 May, and was struck from the Navy List on 21 May 1946. "ATA-217" was transferred to the U.S. Maritime Commission on 25 March 1947 and was sold the same day to Martinolick Shipbuilding Co., San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18701370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701370" title="Tallulah Falls Lake">
Tallulah Falls Lake

Tallulah Falls Lake is a reservoir with of shoreline located in the Northeastern corner of Georgia in Rabun County. It is the fourth and smallest lake in a six-lake series created by hydroelectric dams operated by Georgia Power that follows the original course of the Tallulah River. The series starts upstream on the Tallulah River with Lake Burton followed by Lake Seed, Lake Rabun, Tallulah Falls Lake, Lake Tugalo and Lake Yonah. Georgia Power considers the lake full at a surface elevation of .
Tallulah Falls Lake was formed in 1914 with the completion of the Tallulah Falls Dam, a concrete dam with diversion tunnel. The diversion tunnel is wide, high, and long and was tunneled through solid rock and then lined with concrete. The dam is high and has a span of . The Tallulah Falls Hydroelectric Plant is located lower than the dam at the lower end of the tunnel and has a generation capacity of 72,000 kilowatts.

</doc>
<doc id="18701376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701376" title="2008–09 FK Vojvodina season">
2008–09 FK Vojvodina season

The 2008–09 season was FK Vojvodina's 3rd season in Serbian SuperLiga. This article shows player statistics and all matches (official and friendly) that the club played during the 2008–09 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18701407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701407" title="LRTV">
LRTV

LRTV is a Look and Read production, originally broadcast on BBC Two in the summer of 1995. It was the first Look and Read production to be broadcast at that time of the year, and the first with fewer than 10 episodes. Changing from the usual style of a drama production supplemented by educational sequences, it was based around a fictional television station- according to the show's theme, but the logo and format suggested it was probably a three or four-hour show like "This Morning" or "GMTV"- staffed entirely by children. Each episode was a stand-alone story, apart from the last three episodes. It was produced by a company called Double Exposure.
Plot.
Unlike all earlier productions, there was no particular plot, with all episodes being self-contained, although the last 3 episodes were based around LRTV's upcoming birthday. The station is run by Crystal Clear,known as CC, a former window cleaner, with Frank Earnest and Daisy Hayes as the main presenters. Other characters include Emily Penn and Joe Nas, the writers, Lloyd B Stickler, who hosts the daily quiz segment, and criminal Lester Binliner.
1. Welcome To LRTV
LRTV welcomes a new member of the team, Joe Nas (simply known as Nas) a junior writer. The anchors, Frank Earnest and Daisy Hayes, find themselves in trouble when problems with the autocue mean they have to ad-lib. The first appearance of starstruck criminal Lester Binliner sees him kidnapping Farmer Muckspreader, host of the show's agricultural segment "Garden Gate", and taking his place. Nas' first assignment, writing a weather report, starts off badly, but with the help of co-worker Emily Penn, and the LRTV writers' kit, he soon puts it right. We are also introduced to Lloyd B Stickler, who hosts the daily quiz show "Word Power", which replaced the educational songs usually found in Look and Read, and Cliff Hanger, star of the station's new detective serial. Although it was advertised as a serial, like the main show, each episode was a stand-alone story.
2. LRTV Gets Moving
CC coaches the producers, Alf and Harmony- with Vin and Vern the computer viruses playing along too- through a morning work-out. A news report on a rabbit escaping from the city farm turns out to be more trouble than it's worth. Lester Binliner infiltrates the station again, disguised as a male stripper. This episode introduces the station's graphics designer, Mona, as she draws pictures for Nas' story for the children's segment "Listen With Frank".
3. Kitchen Capers
Nas and Emily go undercover to find a recipe for the show's cookery segment, "Kitchen Capers". Punk collects some things for Lloyd B Stickler's noun game on Word Power, but finds himself on the run from PC Parrot, the main speaker on the bulletin segment "Crime Time". Lester Binliner disguises as the chef, Desmond Cheesegrater, the regular chef having phoned in sick- though Lester probably had something to do with it! Lester gets more than he bargained for when he finds himself making a very strange recipe. He is unmasked by co-host Frank.
4. A Soap Square Sizzler
CC sets the writing unit the task of creating a soap opera, "Soap Square". She then dashes off for a lunch appointment with Hector Spector, a "famous" TV director-whom the rest of the staff have never heard of. He turns out to be Lester Binliner in disguise. CC falls for it, and he comes back to the studio to cast and direct the new soap. After a lot of trouble with the script, he and Frank start a rehearsal but Frank, as usual, realises who he really is.
5. And Action!
Frank has a go at presenting a sport's programme, after reading a fake letter written by himself, saying he should on the opinion segment "Say What You Think". Lester Binliner disguises himself as Scottish story-teller, Uncle Rory, for "Listen With Frank", and stands in- Frank has got a lead role in "Soap Square", and has to go to rehearsals for the next episode. Lester is unable to tell the story when Vin and Vern mess about with the speech marks. He joins the rehearsal but is yet again unmasked by Frank.
6. LRTV gets it together
CC discovers that LRTV's 20th birthday is approaching, and preparations begin. Nas and Emily start researching the station's history, with surprising results. CC decides to invite back some of the station's earlier faces. Lester Binliner sees another opportunity to get on T.V., and disguises himself as Gary Golddust, an Elvis lookalike who once hosted the station's music segment. He almost makes it to the end of the show without being detected, but his wig falls off when he has jelly poured on him at the "sticky ending" of Word Power. Frank is standing in for Lloyd B Stickler- obviously a plot device so that Frank can fulfil his habitual role as the one who unmasks Lester.

</doc>
<doc id="18701417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701417" title="Leopoldo Cantancio">
Leopoldo Cantancio

Leopoldo Cantancio (born July 6, 1963) is a retired boxer from the Philippines, who competed for his native country at two Summer Olympics: 1984 and 1988. His best result was a fifth place tie at the 1984 Summer Olympics in the Men's Lightweight (– 60 kg) division. He won a silver medal at the 1986 Asian Games and a bronze medal at the 1990 Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18701420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701420" title="Yehud coinage">
Yehud coinage

The Yehud coinage is a series of small silver coins bearing the Aramaic inscription "Yehud". They derive their name from the inscription YHD, "Yehud", the Aramaic name of the Achaemenid Persian province of Yehud; others are inscribed YHDH, the same name in Hebrew.
Types of coinage.
The YHD coins are believed to date from the Persian period. On the other hand, it is possible that the YHDH coins are from the following Ptolemaic period.
Mildenburg dates Yehud coins from the early 4th century BCE to the reign of Ptolemy I (312–285 BCE), while Meshorer believes there was a gap during Ptolemy I's time and that minting resumed during Ptolemy II and continued into Ptolemy III, although this has been questioned. The earlier coins were almost certainly produced in imitation of Athenian coins, and were used locally as small change to supplement the larger denominations from more centralised mints elsewhere in the region.
A lot of these coins were probably minted in Jerusalem.
The use of figural art.
Unlike later Jewish coinage, Yehud coins depict living creatures, flowers and even human beings, in contravention of the Second Commandment "Thou shalt not make for thyself a sculptured image or any likeness" (Exodus 20:4).
During the First Temple period figural art was frequently used, such as the cherubim over the Ark of the Covenant, the twelve oxen that supported the giant laver in front of Solomon's Temple, etc. Thus, it is likely that the Yehud coins are continuing the use of figural art from the previous period. The prohibition against graven images in Exodus was probably seen as relating only to idolatrous images rather than the purely decorative.
Depictions on the coinage include imagery borrowed from other cultures, such as the Athenian Owl, and various mythological creatures.
The lily flower was also commonly portrayed.
Various human images are also portrayed. Some coins bear images of Persian rulers. The identity of other human images are not always clear; some of them may even be images of Jewish leaders, such as Temple priests.
One coin depicts an enthroned deity, claimed by some experts to be Yahweh, while this is disputed by others. It has been suggested recently that this coin was actually minted in Samaria and depicts Samarian Yahweh.
Coin features.
The coins from the Persian period tend to be inscribed in Aramaic "square script" or Paleo-Hebrew and use the Aramaic spelling of the province as 'y-h-d', while those coins from the Ptolemaic/Hellenistic period (or maybe earlier) are inscribed in the Paleo-Hebrew script and usually spell Judea as 'y-h-d', 'y-h-d-h' or 'y-h-w-d-h'.
Recent study by Yehoshua Zlotnik attempts to relate different kinds of coins, and the specifics of their manufacture to the changing political situation in Judea in the 4th century BCE. He deals with different coins-types, and with such unusual phenomena as minting on only one side of the coin, and seemingly deliberate flaws on certain dies. According to Zlotnik, these and other features can clarify the political state of affairs in Judah -- such as independence, autonomy, or transition period. Zlotnik also does a comparison of Yehud coins with contemporary coins from various neighbouring mints, such as Samaria, Edom and Sidon.
Mildenberg divides most of the Persian period 'Yehud' coinage into three groups: an early group of poorly defined coins with the head of Athena on the obverse with her owl on the reverse with the inscription 'y-h-d' in Paleo-Hebrew; the second group are more clearly defined and depict a lily, and an Egyptian falcon (see pictures), and the head of the Persian king, with the inscription 'y-h-d'; the third group has the Hebrew inscription 'Hezekiah the governor' (yhzqyh hphh). All these coins have been found in the area of Judea.
The Yehud coins come in two denominations, approximately .58 gram as a "ma'ah" and approximately .29 gram as a half "ma'ah" ("chatzi ma'ah"). These coins might have been minted in the first 40 years of the Second Temple era. For larger coinage, they first used Persian coinage, the Persian daric and the Sigloi; then Greek (Alexandrian Empire) coins like the drachma and the tetradrachm.

</doc>
<doc id="18701421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701421" title="No. 195 Squadron RAF">
No. 195 Squadron RAF

No. 195 Squadron was a Royal Air Force aircraft squadron that operated during the second world war at first in the ground attack role and later as heavy bomber unit with the Avro Lancaster.
History.
No. 195 Squadron was formed at RAF Duxford on 16 November 1942 with the Hawker Typhoon. After a long training phase the squadron became operational at RAF Ludham with the Typhoon operating offensive "Rhubarb" sorties and from the end of the year was involved with "Roadstead" operations using the Typhoons as bombers. The squadron was disbanded at RAF Fairlop on 15 February 1944.
On 1 October 1944 the squadron was reformed at RAF Witchford mainly from the former C Flight of 115 Squadron. Part of No. 3 Group it operated the Avro Lancaster in the heavy bomber role and operated from RAF Wratting Common until the end of the war in Europe. At the end of the European war the squadron was involved in supply drops over the Netherlands and transporting Prisoners of War to the UK from Germany and Italy. The squadron was disbanded for the final time on 14 August 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="18701424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701424" title="Ganiyu Oseni">
Ganiyu Oseni

Ganiyu Bolayi Oseni (born on September 19, 1991 in Osogbo) is a Nigerian football striker, who currently plays for Kahramanmaraşspor in Turkey.
Career.
In his native Nigeria, Oseni started his career at Prime F.C.. He had a trial with Esperance Tunis on 29 March 2008 and played two CLP-1 games. He returned to Prime and was loaned out on August 2, 2008 to CSKA Moscow, after a successful trial in July 2008. In January 2009, he CSKA joined on permanent transfer but left his club on 4 December 2009 for trials in Tunisia. He signed on 7 December 2009 a three-and-a-half year contract with his former club Esperance.
He went on loan to Kienlong Bank Kiên Giang in Vietnam in March 2011.
In October 2012, Oseni play for Hoang Anh Gia Lai of the V-League.
Position.
Oseni is an Attacker and plays as Right forward or Left forward.
International career.
He represented his homeland in the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup in the Korea Republic, played 6 games and shot one goal for the world champions.
He was called up for the Nigeria U-23 All Africa Games qualifier in April 2011 and scored a brace in the 6-1 win over Liberia.

</doc>
<doc id="18701431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701431" title="Norm Wallen">
Norm Wallen

Norman "Norm" Edward Wallen (born Norman Edward Walentowski; February 13, 1918June 20, 1994) was a Major League Baseball player for the Boston Braves during the season. 
Wallen was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and also died there. He batted and threw right-handed in his 4 games for Boston, having 2 hits in 15 at-bats, with a batting average of .133. 
After only two weeks of play in the major leagues with the Braves, Wallen was hit in the knee by a line drive. The injury ended his career in baseball.
He was buried in Holy Cross Cemetery in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="18701435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701435" title="Henry Powle">
Henry Powle

Henry Powle (18 October 1630 – 21 November 1692) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1660 and 1690. He was Speaker of the House of Commons from January 1689 to February 1689. He was also Master of the Rolls.
Early life.
Born at Shottesbrook in 1630, he was second son of Henry Powle, who was sheriff for Berkshire in 1633, by his wife Katherine, daughter of Matthew Herbert of Monmouth. 
He matriculated from Christ Church, Oxford, on 16 December 1646. He was admitted to Lincoln's Inn on 11 May 1647, and became a barrister in 1654 and bencher in 1659. In April 1660 he was elected Member of Parliament for Cirencester in the Convention Parliament.
Member of Parliament under Charles II.
On 3 January 1671, Powle was elected MP for Cirencester again in the Cavalier Parliament. At the time he held property at Williamstrop or Quenington in Gloucestershire, and was usually described as of the latter place. He first appeared in debate in February 1673, when he attacked Lord-chancellor Shaftesbury's practice of issuing writs for by-elections during the recess without the speaker's warrant. As a result of the debate all the elections were declared void, 6 February 1673. Subsequently he opposed the Declaration of Indulgence, Charles II of England's measure of religious toleration, wishing disabilities for Catholics and dissenters to continue. 
Powle identified himself with the opponents of the court, and declined to support the king's claim to the dispensing power. He promoted the passing of the Test Act in March. In the new session in October Powle led the attack on the proposed marriage between the Duke of York and the Princess Mary of Modena, and the king at once directed a prorogation. But before the arrival of Black Rod to announce it, Powle's motion for an address was carried with little opposition. A week later another short session opened. Powle advised the withholding of supply till the grievances connected with Catholic favourites and a standing army were redressed, and he led the attack on the king's ‘villainous councillors,’ assailing in particular Anglesey and Lauderdale. Next year he denounced George Villiers, 2nd Duke of Buckingham, and had a large share in driving him from office. 
In May 1677 he urged the wisdom of a Dutch alliance. When the Commons sent an address to the king dictating such an alliance on 4 February 1678, Charles indignantly summoned them to the banqueting-room at Whitehall Palace. After their return to the House Powle stood up, but Sir Edward Seymour, the Speaker, informed him that the house was adjourned by the king's pleasure. Powle insisted, and the Speaker sprang out of the chair and, after a struggle, got away. On their re-assembling five days later Powle declared that the whole liberty of the house was threatened by the Speaker's conduct. In May 1678, when Charles sent a message to the house to hasten supply, Powle once more insisted on the prior consideration of grievances. Powle supported the impeachment of Danby, but in the agitation of the Popish Plot he kept a low profile.
Powle was returned for both Cirencester and East Grinstead, Sussex, in the First Exclusion Parliament, which met on 6 March 1679. He elected to represent Cirencester. Seymour, the speaker chosen by the commons, was declined by the king. Powle denied that the king had such power of refusal, and moved an address ‘that we desire time to think of it.’ During the discussion that followed, Powle himself was named as speaker, but was not allowed to proceed. Finally, Serjeant Gregory was elected. The new parliament pursued the attack on Danby. ‘Lyttleton and Powle,’ says Gilbert Burnet, ‘led the matters of the House of Commons with the greatest dexterity and care.’ Meanwhile, Paul Barillon, the French ambassador, who wanted to ruin Danby, had entered into correspondence with Powle and other leaders of the opposition. Powle, like Harbord and Lyttleton, finally accepted a pension from Barillon of five hundred guineas a year.
After Danby's committal to the Tower of London and Charles's acceptance of Sir William Temple's abortive scheme of government by a new composite privy council of thirty members, Powle was, with four other commoners, admitted to the council on 21 April 1678. In the Second Exclusion Parliament, which was called for October 1679, Powle was returned for Cirencester. But parliament was prorogued from time to time without assembling, and Powle, acting on Shaftesbury's advice, retired from the council on 17 April. Parliament met at length in October 1680. Powle at once arraigned the conduct of the chief justice, William Scroggs, who had discharged the grand jury before they were able to consider Shaftesbury's indictment of the Duke of York. In the renewed debates on the Exclusion Bill Powle held back to keep relations open with the king, but in the proceedings of December 1680 against Lord Stafford, he took a vehement part. Although returned for East Grinstead to Charles's Oxford parliament (20 March 1681 and 28 March 1681), Powle took little further part in politics until the Glorious Revolution.
Member of Parliament under William and Mary.
Powle was a member of the Royal Society, and was probably abroad for part of the time before the Glorious Revolution. He gained the confidence of William III, at that point the Prince of Orange, and on 16 December 1688 he and Sir Robert Howard held a long and private interview with the prince at Windsor. When William called together at St. James's a number of members of Charles II's parliaments and common councilmen, Powle attended at the head of 160 former members of the House of Commons. On their return to Westminster to consider the best method of calling a free parliament, he was chosen chairman. He bluntly asserted that ‘the wish of the prince is sufficient warrant for our assembling;’ and on the following morning he read addresses to William, praying that he would assume the administration and call a convention. To the Convention parliament Powle was returned, with Sir Christopher Wren, for Windsor and he was voted to the Speaker's chair over the head of his old opponent, Sir Edward Seymour (22 January 1689).
Powle's speech on the opening of the convention exercised influence on subsequent debates. As Speaker, he congratulated William and Mary on their coronation, 13 April 1689, and presented to William the Bill of Rights on 16 December 1689. Powle was summoned, with seven other commoners, to William's first privy council, and, on the remodelling of the judicial bench, when John Holt was appointed justice of the king's bench and Sir Robert Atkyns chief baron, Powle, on 13 March 1690, received the patent of master of the rolls. 
While the convention sat, William relied on Powle's advice; he laid down his office at the dissolution of February 1690. Powle was returned for Cirencester for William's first parliament, which met on 20 March 1690, but was unseated on petition. Powle then devoted himself to his duties as master of the rolls, and successfully claimed, in accordance with precedent, a writ of summons to attend parliament as an assistant to the House of Lords. He spoke in the upper house in favour of the Abjuration Bill on 24 April 1690, but wished the oath imposed sparingly and only on office-holders.
Death.
He died intestate on 21 November 1692, and was buried within the communion-rails of Quenington church, Gloucestershire, where a monument was erected to his memory. He is there described as master of the rolls and one of the judges delegates of the admiralty.
Legacy.
Powle's historical, legal, and antiquarian knowledge was highly esteemed. With the aid of John Bagford, he formed a large library of manuscripts and records. A few of these now constitute the nucleus of the Lansdowne collection in the British Museum. Other portions were dispersed, and were for a time in the possession of Lord Somers, Sir Joseph Jekyll, and Philip, earl Hardwicke. Powle's arms were placed in the window of the Rolls chapel and also of Lincoln's Inn hall.
Family.
Powle married, first, in 1659, Elizabeth, daughter of the first Lord Newport of High Ercall. She died on 28 July 1672, and was buried at Quenington. His second wife was Frances, a daughter of Lionel Cranfield, 1st Earl of Middlesex, and widow of Richard Sackville, 5th Earl of Dorset. By his first wife he left an only child, Katharine, who married Henry, eldest son of Henry Ireton, conveying to him the estates of Quenington and Williamstrop. Powle was subsequently involved in lawsuits over the property of his second wife. Powle's brother Richard was M.P. for Berkshire in 1660–1, was knighted in 1661, and died in 1678.

</doc>
<doc id="18701436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701436" title="Tumblr">
Tumblr

Tumblr, stylized in its logo as tumblr., is a microblogging platform and social networking website founded by David Karp and owned by Yahoo! Inc. The service allows users to post multimedia and other content to a short-form blog. Users can follow other users' blogs, as well as make their blogs private. Much of the website's features are accessed from the "dashboard" interface, where the option to post content and posts of followed blogs appear.
As of March 3, 2014, Tumblr hosts over 174.2 million blogs. The company's headquarters is in New York City.
Yahoo! announced its intention to acquire Tumblr on May 20, 2013, for approximately $1.1 billion. The deal closed on June 20, 2013.
History.
Development of Tumblr began in 2006 during a two-week gap between contracts at David Karp's software consulting company, Davidville (housed at Karp's former internship with producer/incubator Fred Seibert's Frederator Studios which was located a block from Tumblr's current headquarters). Karp had been interested in tumblelogs (short-form blogs) for some time and was waiting for one of the established blogging platforms to introduce their own tumblelogging platform. As no one had done so after a year of waiting, Karp and developer Marco Arment began working on their own tumblelogging platform. Tumblr was launched in February 2007 and within two weeks, the service had gained 75,000 users. Arment left the company in September 2010 to focus on Instapaper.
In early June 2012, Tumblr featured its first major brand advertising campaign in conjunction with Adidas. Adidas launched an official soccer Tumblr blog and bought placements on the user dashboard. This launch was only two months after Tumblr announced it would be moving towards paid advertising on its site.
On May 20, 2013, it was announced that Yahoo! and Tumblr had reached an agreement for Yahoo! to acquire Tumblr for $1.1 billion in cash. Many of Tumblr's users were unhappy with the news, causing some to start a petition, achieving nearly 170,000 signatures. David Karp will remain CEO and the deal was finalized on June 20, 2013.
Features.
Mobile.
With Tumblr’s 2009 acquisition of Tumblerette, an Apple App Store application created by Jeff Rock and Garrett Ross, the service launched its official iPhone app. The site became available to BlackBerry smartphones on April 17, 2010 via a Mobelux application in BlackBerry World. In June 2012, Tumblr released a new version of its iOS app, Tumblr 3.0 allowing support for Spotify, hi-res images and offline access. An app for Android is also available. A Windows Phone app was released on April 23, 2013. An app for Google Glass was released on May 16, 2013.
Editorial content.
In May 2012, Tumblr launched Storyboard, a blog managed by an in-house editorial team which features stories and videos about noteworthy blogs and users on Tumblr. In April 2013, Storyboard was shut down.
Usage.
An analysis by AddThis of shares through their service in 2011 noted that Tumblr sharing had increased by 1299.5%.
The service is most popular with the teen and college-aged user segments with half of Tumblr's visitor base being under the age of 25.
Adult content.
Tumblr is noted by technology journalists as having a sizable amount of pornographic content, though the exact amount is known only to the company. "The New York Times" notes "pornography represents a fraction of content on the site, but not a trivial amount for a site with 100 million blogs." Karp revealed in June 2012 that between 2 and 4 percent of Tumblr's traffic is porn-related. Tumblr's Community Guidelines permits adult-oriented content but requires that blogs that contain occasional or substantial mature content to be flagged as such. Sexually-explicit videos are not allowed to be uploaded to the website, but videos hosted elsewhere may be embedded. Some porn bloggers earn money by referring traffic to adult businesses through referrals and widgets.
As of July 20, 2013, policy updates enacted by Tumblr mean that pages classified as "NSFW" will not feature in tag pages for users who are not logged in or who have the "Safe Mode" activated. For users who are logged in to Tumblr, but do not have "Safe Mode" turned on, NSFW blogs should show up on search and tag pages; NSFW pages are indexed by search engines. In a public statement, the company conveyed the following:
Tumblr's longstanding policy regarding NSFW content has not changed and emphasizes the importance of free expression. As addressed in these policies, we are constantly taking measures to ensure our users can avoid this content unless they'd like to see it. Anyone can opt-in by disabling Safe Mode in their Dashboard Settings.
Self-harm and suicide.
In February 2012, Tumblr's staff blog announced that the content policy would change to ban blogs that promote or advocate suicide, self-harm and eating disorders (pro-ana).
The suicide of a British teenager, Tallulah Wilson, raised the issue of suicide and self-harm promotion on Tumblr as Wilson was reported to have maintained a self-harm blog on the site. A user on the site is reported to have sent Wilson an image of a noose accompanied by the message: "here is your new necklace, try it on". In response to the Wilson case, Maria Miller, the UK's minister for culture, media and sport, said that social media sites like Tumblr need to remove "toxic" self-harm content.
Corporate affairs.
Tumblr's headquarters is at 35 East 21st Street in the Flatiron District in New York City's Silicon Alley. The company also maintains a support office in Richmond, Virginia. As of February 2014, Tumblr has 231 employees. The company's logo is set in Bookman Old Style with some modifications.
Funding.
To date, Tumblr has received about $125 million of funding from investors. The company has raised funding from Union Square Ventures, Spark Capital, Martín Varsavsky, John Borthwick (Betaworks), Krum Capital, Fred Seibert, and Sequoia Capital (among other investors).
In its first round of funding in October 2007, Tumblr raised $750,000 from Spark Capital and Union Square Ventures. In December 2008, the company raised $4.5 million in Series B funding and a further $5 million in April 2010. In December 2010, Tumblr raised $30 million in Series D funding. The company had a $800 million valuation in August 2011. In September 2011, the company raised $85 million in a round of funding led by Greylock Partners and Insight Venture Partners.
Revenue sources.
In an interview with Nicole Lapin of "Bloomberg West" on September 7, 2012, David Karp said the site was monetized by advertising. Their first advertising launch started in May 2012 after 16 experimental campaigns. Tumblr made $13 million in revenue in 2012 and hopes to make $100 million in 2013. Tumblr reportedly spent $25 million to fund operations in 2012.
In 2013, Tumblr began allowing companies to pay to promote their own posts to a larger audience. Tumblr Head of Sales, Lee Brown, has quoted the average ad purchase on Tumblr to be nearly six figures. Tumblr also generates revenue by selling themes to users to change the appearance of their blog.
Criticism.
Copyright violation.
Tumblr has received criticism for copyright violations by participating bloggers; however, Tumblr does accept Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) take-down notices. Tumblr's visual appeal has made it ideal for photoblogs that often include copyrighted works from others that are re-published without payment. Tumblr users can post unoriginal content by "Reblogging", a feature on Tumblr that allows users to re-post content taken from another blog onto their own blog.
Security.
Tumblr has been forced to manage spam and security problems. For example, a chain letter scam in May 2011 affected 130,000 users.
On December 3, 2012, Tumblr was attacked by a cross-site scripting worm deployed by the Internet troll group Gay Nigger Association of America. The message encouraged users to harm themselves and criticized blogging in general.

</doc>
<doc id="18701441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701441" title="Midgham Green">
Midgham Green

Midgham Green is a small village in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Midgham.
The settlement lies near to the A4 road, and is located approximately east of Thatcham.

</doc>
<doc id="18701446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701446" title="Tal Ma'abi">
Tal Ma'abi

Tal Ma'abi (, born 15 May 1985) is an Israeli footballer playing for Hapoel Ramat Gan.

</doc>
<doc id="18701457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701457" title="Christoph Bach (musician)">
Christoph Bach (musician)

Christoph Bach (19 April 1613 – 12 September 1661) was a German musician of the Baroque period. He was the grandfather of Johann Sebastian Bach.
According to information provided by Johann Sebastian Bach in his genealogy "Origin of the Musical Bach Family" written in 1735, Christoph Bach was the second son of Johannes Hans Bach. His brothers, Johann Bach and Heinrich Bach, were also composers.
He was born in Wechmar, Germany, where he became a court musician. He also held town musician posts in Erfurt and in Arnstadt. Christoph Bach was married to Maria Magdalena Grabler. They had three sons, who were all musicians: Georg Christoph Bach (1642–1697), and the twins Johann Ambrosius Bach (1645–1695), who was Johann Sebastian Bach's father, and Johann Christoph Bach (1645–1693). Christoph Bach died in Arnstadt.

</doc>
<doc id="18701484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701484" title="Battle of Ugeumchi">
Battle of Ugeumchi

The Battle of Ugeumchi was a decisive battle during the Donghak Peasant Revolution. Fought between the Donghak Korean peasants and the combined Japanese-Joseon Army, it resulted in the decline of the Donghak Rebellion and the growth of Japanese Imperialism in Korea.
Background.
As the Korean government had difficulty in suppressing the Donghak movement, an emissary was sent to the Qing empire to request an immediate troop dispatch. The Qing court replied by sending the necessary soldiers. Japan also sent troops on the pretext of protecting Japanese citizens in Korea. As the Chinese and Japanese armies poured into the peninsula, Jeon Bong-jun, the leader of Donghak peasants, rallied the Korean peasants and led them to once rebel against the Joseon court and drive out the foreign "devils".
Battle.
In the early stage of the battle, the peasant force gained early successes against the Joseon army. However, they began to retire when the Japanese troops arrived to reinforce the government force. When the Donghak army advanced the second time, the Japanese, armed with the more modern rifles and cannons, easily defeated peasants, armed only with bamboo spears and outdated matchlocks. As the peasant casualties mounted, Jeon ordered a retreat and the Donghak army scattered.
Aftermath.
After the battle, Donghak peasants fled south and battled in the consequent Battle of Taein. After defeat in Gumiran, Jeon Bongjun ordered the Donghak peasants to scatter. Jeon himself was hanged in March, 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="18701486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701486" title="Bai Chongguang">
Bai Chongguang

Bai Chongguang (; born August 15, 1970) is a retired boxer from PR China, who competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. There he was defeated in the first round of the Men's Light-Heavyweight (– 81 kg) division by South Korea's Ko Yo-Da (4:18). He won a gold medal at the 1990 Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18701490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701490" title="Block Breaker Deluxe">
Block Breaker Deluxe

Block Breaker Deluxe is a video game developed by Gameloft for mobile phones. It was also released for iPod, Windows PCs, the N-Gage platform and the Wii as a WiiWare game. Gameloft claims it is the best selling arcade wall breaking game on mobile platforms, with over 8 million copies sold.
A sequel, "Block Breaker Deluxe 2", was later released for mobile phones and the iPhone OS. A third game, "" was also released, in 2012.
Gameplay.
The game is best described as a "Breakout" clone with a plot, with the object of the game being for the player to break as many blocks as they can. As they progress through different missions, power-ups become available to the player to aid them.

</doc>
<doc id="18701492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701492" title="Angela Dodson">
Angela Dodson

Angela Dodson (born April 10, 1980) is an American actress who was born in Port Neches, Texas.
Career.
Angela Dodson made her debut playing "Molly Crabtree" on the reality television "The Joe Schmo Show," which aired on Spike. Dodson based the "Molly" character on her young cousin from Texas.
She has also done modeling work for various publications, including "Stuff" magazine.
Personal life.
Angela Dodson is currently on a break from acting, living in Beaumont, TX and working at a veterinary clinic.

</doc>
<doc id="18701503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701503" title="2005 Football League Championship play-off Final">
2005 Football League Championship play-off Final

The 2005 Football League Championship play-off Final was contested by West Ham United and Preston North End at The Millennium Stadium, Cardiff. West Ham won 1–0, with a goal from Bobby Zamora.
Match details.
Statistics.
Source: ESPN

</doc>
<doc id="18701520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701520" title="Richard Grossinger">
Richard Grossinger

Richard Grossinger (born Richard Towers) (born 1944) is an American writer, anthropologist, and founder of North Atlantic Books in Berkeley, California.
Biography.
Grossinger was born and raised in New York City, attended Horace Mann School, Amherst College, and the University of Michigan, earning a B.A. in English at Amherst and a Ph.D. in anthropology at Michigan. With his wife (then girlfriend at Smith College) Lindy Hough, he founded the journal "Io" in 1964, then founded North Atlantic Books in Vermont in 1974.
Between 1970 and 1972 he taught anthropology at the University of Maine, Portland-Gorham, now the University of Southern Maine, and between 1972 and 1977 he taught interdisciplinary studies (including alchemy, Melville, Classical Greek, Jungian psychology, and ethnoastronomy) at Goddard College in Plainfield, Vermont.
An ethnographer and self-described psychospiritual explorer as well as a writer and publisher, he has "studied" or "trained" in homeopathic medicine, somatic theory, t'ai chi ch'uan, craniosacral therapy, qigong, Breema, yoga, and psychic healing.
His brother was Jonathan Towers, a poet who committed suicide in 2005.
His daughter is filmmaker, author and performance artist Miranda July.

</doc>
<doc id="18701521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701521" title="Peachtree/Norwood, Roanoke, Virginia">
Peachtree/Norwood, Roanoke, Virginia

Peachtree/Norwood is a Roanoke, Virginia neighborhood located in far northwest Roanoke. It borders the neighborhoods of Edgewood-Summit Hills on the south, Washington Heights and Westview Terrace on the east, Roanoke County on the north and the City of Salem on the west. The neighborhood is predominantly residential in character throughout its central area with commercial development along both its U.S. 460 (Melrose Avenue) and Virginia State Route 117 (Peters Creek Road) frontages. Its development patterns typical of those experienced for an American city during the mid-20th century with low-density housing.

</doc>
<doc id="18701532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701532" title="Paul Winsper">
Paul Winsper

Paul Winsper is an English fitness expert and the sports performance director for Nike.
Biography.
Winsper is a graduate of Northumbria University in Newcastle. He started his career as Fitness Coach with Durham County Cricket Club.
In 1996 Winsper was hired as Fitness Coach for Newcastle United. He spent ten seasons with them and worked with some of the game's biggest stars including England internationals Michael Owen and Alan Shearer.
In November 2006 Winsper resigned from his position at Newcastle United after becoming disillusioned when he was virtually ignored by the previous management regime at St James' Park.
After leaving Newcastle United, Winsper set up his own consultancy company and quickly had large customers including Nike, English Cricket Board, British Columbia Soccer Association, Toronto FC and Complete Football.
On 11 January 2008, Toronto FC announced that Winsper had been hired as Strength and Conditioning Coach. He quit Toronto FC on 11 December 2009 to pursue an opportunity with Nike.

</doc>
<doc id="18701537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701537" title="Wingnut (hardware)">
Wingnut (hardware)

A wingnut or wing nut is a type of nut with two large metal "wings", one on each side, so it can be easily tightened and loosened by hand without tools.
A similar fastener with a male thread is known as a wingbolt.
Wing Nut Types.
ASME B18.6.9 classifies wing nuts first by manufacturing method and then by style.
Bicycles.
Before the development of quick release skewers, bicycle wheels were held in place with wingnuts.
Drum hardware.
In a drum kit wingnuts and wingbolts are used extensively.
Memory.
In drum hardware, memory refers to any system that preserves the adjustment of a stand, boom or bracket when the kit is disassembled.
Most commonly this takes the form of a collar on a tube, fixed in place by a screw operated by a drum key. This collar mates with a fitting that receives the tube and secures it by means of a wingnut or wingbolt. When the stand is disassembled, only the wingnut or wingbolt needs to be loosened, and the collar remains in place, allowing the stand to be reassembled in exactly the same adjustment. When the stand needs to be adjusted, the collar is first loosened by means of a drum key.
Seltzer bottle.
The device that surrounds a CO2 cartridge in a seltzer bottle is also a wingnut. Twisting the wingnut completes a seal around the cartridge neck; twisting a bit more causes a pin to pierce the cartridge and let the gas into the bottle.

</doc>
<doc id="18701540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701540" title="Hen Ezra">
Hen Ezra

Hen Ezra (, born 19 January 1989) is an Israeli footballer currently playing at Maccabi Haifa. He was previously at Maccabi Netanya.
Career.
Ezra played in the youth teams of Hapoel Be'er Sheva and Beitar Tubruk. In 2007 he moved to Maccabi Netanya, and the following season was loaned to Hapoel Kfar Saba to gain experience in that season he finished with 4 goals and 3 assists in summer 2009 he returned to Maccabi Netanya.
Breakthrough season: 2011–12.
In summer 2011 Ezra was closed in Maccabi Haifa, but eventually stayed in Netanya.
under the guidance of Reuven Atar Ezra excelled in all games playing in the left winger position He scored his first goal of the new season in a 6–2 win against Hapoel Rishon LeZion in which he added another goal and had a terrific match Ezra then continued his fine season by scoring another 10 goals and assists 3 Ezra was heavily praised by the Israeli media this season.
Maccabi Haifa.
In June 2012 he moved to Maccabi Haifa for a fee of $1,000,000 and a four years contract worth approximately $700,000
In 2012/2013 season he played for Maccabi Haifa Ezra excelled under the guidance of coach Arik Benado (that replaced Reuven Atar) finishing the season with 9 goals and 14 assists and was selected "Team of the season" of Ma'ariv.
International.
He has played for the Israel national side at U17, U18, U19, and senior level, and was a part of the U21 squad (although he never won a cap).
On September 7, 2012 Ezra made is debut on the national team, when he played in the game against Azerbaijan in 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
On June 2, 2013 he scored his debut goal, in a friendly match against Honduras.

</doc>
<doc id="18701547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701547" title="Never in a Million Years (Cara Dillon song)">
Never in a Million Years (Cara Dillon song)

"Never In A Million Years" is the lead single release from After The Morning, the third album by Cara Dillon. The single was released as a promo for radio stations in the UK and Ireland. The single was also released exclusively by iTunes as a digital download a week prior to the release of After The Morning, where it climbed to #39 in the iTunes Top 100.

</doc>
<doc id="18701553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701553" title="2001 Football League First Division play-off Final">
2001 Football League First Division play-off Final

The 2001 Football League First Division play-off Final was contested by Bolton Wanderers and Preston North End. Bolton won the match 3–0, taking them back to the Premier League. Bolton would remain in the top flight for the next eleven seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="18701574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701574" title="Nuptown">
Nuptown

Nuptown is a hamlet in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Winkfield.
The settlement lies near to the A330 road, and is located approximately north-east of Bracknell

</doc>
<doc id="18701578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701578" title="Royal Saxon State Railways">
Royal Saxon State Railways

The Royal Saxon State Railways ("Königlich Sächsische Staatseisenbahnen") were the state-owned railways operating in the Kingdom of Saxony from 1869 to 1918. From 1918 until their merger into the Deutsche Reichsbahn the title 'Royal' was dropped and they were just called the Saxon State Railways ("Sächsische Staatseisenbahnen").
History.
En route to a state railway.
After the completion of the privately financed Leipzig-Dresden railway in 1839, the Saxon parliament also began to get involved in railway construction. Early on it was recognised that railway lines to Bavaria, Bohemia and Silesia were needed and that there ought to be a route running north-to-south through the kingdom. The funding of this plan lay in the hands of privately financed railway committees. The state, however, saw itself arranging for the corresponding political and legal hurdles to be cleared. On 14 January 1841 a treaty was agreed with the Kingdom of Bavaria and the Duchy of Saxony-Altenburg for the construction of a railway route between Leipzig and Hof. On 22 June 1841, the Saxon-Bavarian Railway Company was founded and on 19 September 1842 railway services between Leipzig and Altenburg station were opened. Because the construction costs exceeded the planned limits, the state had to jump in and honour its previously made promise to complete the construction at the national expense. On 1 April 1847 the railway line, which was finished as far as Reichenbach im Vogtland was transferred to state ownership.
At the same time the "Royal Saxon-Bavarian State Railway Division" ("Königlichen Direction der Sächsisch-Bayerischen Staatseisenbahn") in Leipzig began work. Specific regulations were laid down by the state parliament. The board of directors was accordingly given the appropriate powers and was assigned directly to a state ministry. The payroll of the officials was to be approved by the state parliament and railway fares by the provincial legislature. In addition to funding for the construction of the line, in particular the Göltzsch Viaduct and Elster Viaduct, agreements had to be reached with Saxony-Altenburg and Bavaria over owning and operating relationships. On 15 July 1851, the line to Hof (Saale) was completed.
Because no suitable private company had been found to build the Saxony-Bohemian Railway from Dresden to Bodenbach, the state took over this task itself. On the opening of the section from Dresden to Pirna on 1 August 1848, Saxony had its second state railway line, for which the 'Royal Division for the Construction and Operation of the Saxony-Bohemia Railway' ("Königliche Direction für Bau und Betrieb der Sächsisch-Böhmischen Staatseisenbahn") was established, with a head office in Dresden.
On 24 July 1843 a treaty was concluded with the Kingdom of Prussia for the construction of a railway route from Dresden via Bautzen to the Prussia towns of Görlitz and Bunzlau. That made it possible to put in the important link to Breslau.
On 1 September 1847, the 102 km long route from Dresden to Görlitz was opened by the Saxon-Silesian Railway ("Sächsisch-Schlesische Eisenbahn"), a private company that had formed with state support. On 31 January 1851 this company was transferred to state ownership. At the same time the running powers of the private Löbau-Zittau Railway Company ("Löbau-Zittauer Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft") were taken over. By combining the management of the two lines radiating from Dresden savings were supposed to be made. Thus, the 'Royal Division of Saxon-Bohemian and Saxon-Silesian State Railways in Dresden ("Königliche Direction der Sächsisch-Böhmischen und Sächsisch-Schlesischen Staatseisenbahnen in Dresden") was formed, which on 14 December 1852 was thankfully renamed to the rather more succinct 'Royal Dresden State Railway Division' ("Königliche Staatseisenbahn-Direction zu Dresden").
On 1 October 1853 the 'Royal Chemnitz-Riesa State Railway Division' ("Königliche Direktion der Chemnitzer-Riesaer Staatseisenbahn") was established. It had the task of completing the construction of the Riesa–Chemnitz railway and running the line subsequently. This had been necessary, after the private firm, the Chemnitz-Riesa Railway Company, had gone bankrupt due to the cost of structures needed between Waldheim und Döbeln.
Unlike Prussia, Saxony never issued a railway law. This meant that every railway proposal had to be agreed in the state parliament. In spite of the negative experiences of the past, the next ten years saw an increase in the construction of state railways. The work was not without problems, due to geographical difficulties. The extension of the route between Chemnitz and Riesa as well as the line from Freiberg to Tharandt were technically challenging and correspondingly expensive.
On 15 November 1858 the line from Chemnitz to Zwickau was completed. That meant there was now a link from Riesa to the Saxon-Bavarian Railway over the line from Zwickau that had been built in 1845. As a result, the Chemnitz Division was disbanded and the management of its routes transferred to the Leipzig Division, which was given the title of "Royal Division of the State's Western Railways" ("Königliche Direktion der westlichen Staatseisenbahn"). At the same time the Dresden Division was renamed the "Royal Division of the State's Eastern Railways" ("Königliche Direktion der östlichen Staatseisenbahnen").
In 1862 the state railways had an overall length of 525 km. In addition to the Leipzig-Dresden Railway, there were now private coal railways in the Saxon coal regions of Zwickau and Döhlen, as well as the Zittau-Reichenberg Railway. The state however had a 11/12 stake in the latter.
By 1865 links from Leipzig to Corbetha and Bitterfeld, and hence connexions to Magdeburg and Berlin, were established as well as the Voigtländ State Railway (Herlasgrün–Eger).
One crucial event in the history of Saxon railway operations turned out to be the Austro-Prussian War of 1866 between Prussia and Austria. Because Saxony was on the Austrian side, it evacuated all the locomotives to Hof, Eger and Budapest when Prussian troops invaded. During the course of the war the Ostrau Viaduct and the bridge over the Elbe at Riesa were destroyed. In the subsequent peace treaty, Prussia was given ownership of those sections of the Silesian Railway that ran through its territory as well as Görlitz station. A Prussian route from Leipzig to Zeitz also had to be permitted.
In the following years the railway network was further expanded. Lines in the upper Ore Mountains appeared after Schwarzenberg/Erzgeb. was given a railway connexion in 1858. In 1866, the railway to Annaberg-Buchholz joined the network and the line to Weipert followed in 1872. The most important reason was the transportation of brown coal from the north Bohemian basin. In 1869 the gap between Flöha and Freiberg was finally closed and the two networks joined together.
As a result, on 1 July 1869, the Leipzig and Dresden divisions were merged into the new "Royal General Division of the Saxon State Railways" ("Königlichen Generaldirection der sächsischen Staatseisenbahnen"), abbreviated to "K. Sächs. Sts. E. B." “, in Dresden.
One of the managing directors of the Saxon state railways was the privy councillor, Otto von Tschirschky and Bögendorff, the father-in-law of the later General Paul von der Planitz.
Further expansion.
The years after the foundation of the Reich in 1871 were also marked, in Saxony, by a large number of private railway construction projects. However in most cases the state had to come to their aid in order to complete the planned routes and to continue to run them. In addition, further building work was carried out in order to expand the network. The construction of railways made it possible to site industry even in the villages of the Ore Mountains and the Lausitz and to foster under-developed regions. On 1 July 1876 the state took over the Leipzig-Dresden railway and thereby increased the network length by 337.5 km. Subsequently, almost all remaining private railway companies in Saxony were taken over in order to be ready for a planned Reich railway project under Prussian leadership.
Because the construction and operations of lines was not always covered by the profits, ways to simplify things began to be investigated. As early as 1865 the engineer's forum of the Union of German Railway Administrations ("Verein Deutscher Eisenbahnverwaltungen") set out principles for secondary lines. These were legally implemented in 1878 as part of the 'Railway Regulations for German Railways of Lower Importance' ("Bahnordnung für deutsche Eisenbahnen untergeordneter Bedeutung"). The routes built to these simpler regulations were known in Saxony as 'secondary lines' or "Sekundärbahnen" (Singular: "Sekundärbahn"). Twenty-six routes totalling 453 km were immediately run as "Sekundärbahnen" and in 1879 the first newly built "Sekundärbahn", the suburban route from Leipzig to Gaschwitz via Plagwitz.
Because even "Sekundärbahnen" did not produce the desired savings in every case, in 1881 the construction of the first narrow gauge railways began. On 17 October 1881 the section of line between Wilkau and Kirchberg (Sachsen) was opened. By 1920 Saxon narrow gauge railways had a total length of 519.88 km.
The most important railway structures were the Dresden Hauptbahnhof built from 1891 to 1901 and the Leipzig Hauptbahnhof which was finished in 1915. Both were linked to the cities with extensive modifications to the railway yards.
On the abdication of King Friedrich August III in 1918 and the transformation of the kingdom to a free state, the appellation 'Royal' ("Königlich") was dropped and the railway administration in Saxony called itself the 'Saxon State Railways' ("Sächsische Staatseisenbahnen" or "Sächs. Sts. E.B."). The Saxon State Railways brought 3370 km of track into the Deutsche Reichsbahn network in 1920.
Railway network.
The railway network included, for one, the north–south links from Leipzig via Plauen to Hof, from Riesa to Chemnitz and from Elsterwerda to Dresden and Schöna as well as the east-west links from Plauen via Chemnitz to Dresden, from Leipzig to Dresden and from Dresden to Görlitz. The industrialised Ore Mountains were especially well linked by several stub lines along the river valleys. In places these routes crossed the watershed of the Ore Mountains and joined up with the Bohemian railway network.
An overview of the individual routes may be found in the German List of railway lines in Saxony.
Motive power.
Steam locomotives.
The first locomotives that were procured were from proven classes built in England. These were four-coupled 0-4-0 steam locomotives and, later, 2-4-0 machines. To begin with even locomotives with a 2-2-2 wheel arrangement were procured.
These classes were deployed on the main lines for a relatively long time; it was not until 1870 that 4-4-0 locomotives (Saxon K II, later K VIII) entered service. On branch lines and in shunting services the four-couplers were the main form of motive power for even longer. From the early 1890s locomotives with six coupled wheels were acquired.
From that time, locomotives began to be matched more closely to their various tasks (goods, passenger and express train duties). Even the different route profiles (flat in the north and northeast, hilly in the south and southwest) led to increasingly different designs. From the turn of the century faster and faster classes were introduced. After the 4-6-0 locomotives followed classes with 4-6-2 (XVIII H) and 2-8-2 (XX HV) arrangements for express train services; 2-6-2 (XIV HT) for local traffic and 2-8-0 (IX H) and E (IX V and XI HT) for goods train duties.
The development of narrow gauge locomotives was not so focussed. After the six-coupler Saxon I K, followed two designs that were unconvincing. Not until 1892 with the introduction of the 0-4-4-0 Meyer locomotive, the Saxon IV K was a design produced that was to form the backbone of the Saxon narrow gauge fleet for decades. With the appearance of the Saxon VI K in 1918 the final successful design was submitted.
Whislst the private Leipzig-Dresden Railway bought its engines from several German locomotive manufacturers, the state locomotives were almost exclusively developed and supplied by the Chemnitz-based Sächsischen Maschinenfabrik locomotive factory.
Railcars.
Railcars were only used in limited numbers on Saxon railways. The only regular and long-lasting use of railcars were the electric units on the Klingenthal–Sachsenberg-Georgenthal narrow gauge line. There were trials with steam railcars, accumulator cars and combustion-engined railbuses. Employed for a long time from 1883 were three Thomas steam railbuses. Two diesel-electrics purchased in 1915 proved themselves well in practice, but were sold to Switzerland after the First World War.
An overview of the individual locomotive classes is given in the List of Saxon locomotives and railbuses.
Wagons.
Goods wagons.
In addition to their own designs, Saxony also used only slightly modified Prussian goods wagon designs. After the foundation of the German State Railway Wagon Association in 1909 the standardised goods wagons were procured, that were defined in 11 goods wagon templates.

</doc>
<doc id="18701580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701580" title="Ossie Álvarez">
Ossie Álvarez

Oswaldo Álvarez González (October 19, 1933 – March 8, 2008) was a Cuban professional baseball player. He played two seasons in Major League Baseball, 1958 and 1959, for the Washington Senators and Detroit Tigers.
Alvarez played in the minor leagues from 1952 to 1957 in the Senators' farm system. Álvarez made his major league debut as an infielder for the Senators in 1958. In 196 at-bats spanning 87 games, he batted .209 with five runs batted in. He was traded twice before the start of the 1959 season, first to the Cleveland Indians for veteran utility man Jay Porter. He then was part of a major trade involving the Indians and the Detroit Tigers in which he and two top pitchers, Don Mossi and Ray Narleski, were sent to the Tigers for Billy Martin and Al Cicotte. He appeared in eight games for the Tigers, singling in two at-bats for his only other major league experience.
The 5' 10", 165 pound right-hander was primarily known for his speed, having twice led baseball's minor leagues in stolen bases and, after leaving the major leagues, leading the Mexican League in stolen bases with 27 at age 32 in 1965. He retired from baseball after two games with the Charros de Jalisco (Jalisco Charros) in 1966. Alvarez scouted for the Pittsburgh Pirates after his playing career ended. He died in Guadalajara, Mexico on March 8, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18701582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701582" title="Academic psychologist">
Academic psychologist

An academic psychologist is a qualified psychologist who endorses the view that psychology is a scholarly and scientific enterprise, not an informal and intuitive practice. To qualify as an academic psychologist, a person should "minimally" possess, or be in the process of acquiring, a "doctoral degree in psychology from an organized, sequential program in a regionally accredited university or professional school"—these being the guidelines set by the American Psychological Association for occupationally defining someone as a "psychologist". Many counselors and psychotherapists, lacking the requisite qualifications and outlook, would "not" qualify as academic psychologists. Academic psychologists typically engage in empirical research, and publish in an array of journals, such as "Psychological Science".

</doc>
<doc id="18701595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701595" title="Daniel Lifshitz">
Daniel Lifshitz

Daniel Lifshitz (, born 24 April 1988) is a Swedish-born Israeli footballer. Lifshitz, was born in Sweden and moved to Israel when he was 7 years old.
Playing career.
On 17 June 2008, Lifshitz signed a four year contract with Maccabi Netanya.
In the summer of 2010 he left Netanya and signed a contract with Maccabi Ahi Nazareth for one season. Later he moved to play for Hapoel Beer Sheva, Maccabi Umm al-Fahm, Hapoel Ashkelon, Hakoah Amidar Ramat Gan and most recently he signed with Maccabi Herzliya in Liga Leumit.

</doc>
<doc id="18701601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701601" title="USS ATA-218">
USS ATA-218

USS "ATA-218 was an of the United States Navy built near the end of World War II. Originally laid down as Yaupon" (YN-96), a net tender of the , she was redesignated as AN-72, a net layer, before launch. Before completion, the name "Yaupon" was cancelled and the ship was named "ATA-218", an unnamed auxiliary ocean tug.
Career.
"ATA-218" was laid down as "Yaupon" (AN-72) on 29 January 1944 at Slidell, Louisiana, by the Canulette Shipbuilding Company. Her name was cancelled on 12 August 1944, and she was designated "ATA-218". She was launched on 16 September 1944 and commissioned on 10 March 1945.
Information regarding "ATA-218"s brief Navy career is almost totally lacking. Even her decommissioning date is unknown. Her name was struck from the Navy List on 17 April 1946, and she was sold through the War Shipping Administration on 3 January 1947. Presumably, she was scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="18701602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701602" title="Optophonic Piano">
Optophonic Piano

The Optophonic Piano is an electronic optical instrument created by the Russian Futurist painter Vladimir Baranoff Rossiné.
Vladimir Baranoff Rossiné started working on the instrument in 1916. He performed with it at many events and places, including the Bolshoi Theatre (1924). His wife used to help him in those performances.
The Optophonic Piano generated sounds and projected revolving patterns onto a wall or ceiling by directing a bright light through a series of revolving painted glass disks (painted by Vladimir Baranoff Rossiné himself), filters, mirrors and lenses. The keyboard controlled the combination of the various filters and disks. The variations in opacity of the painted disk and filters were picked up by a photo-electric cell controlling the pitch of a single oscillator. The instrument produced a continuous varying tone which, accompanied by the rotating Kaleidoscopic projections was used by Vladimir Baranoff Rossiné at exhibitions and public events.

</doc>
<doc id="18701641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701641" title="Odney">
Odney

Odney is a common and island in the Thames, part of the civil parish of Cookham, in the English county of Berkshire.
Location.
It lies next to the village of Cookham and the River Thames, and is located approximately North of Maidenhead.
Pottery.
There was the Odney Pottery works (1942–1956) on the common. The building can still be seen. The very attractive earthenware pottery is still sought after. John Bew was asked to set up the pottery by John Lewis in Cookham in 1942 to train disabled people. In 1948 they were given a government licence to produce domestic pottery.
Lullebrook Manor and the Odney Club.
The Odney Club, a holiday centre owned by the John Lewis Partnership and available for their staff, is centred on Lullebrook Manor. This fine mid-18th century country house was once rented by Colonel Francis Ricardo, the first car owner in Cookham, who was High Sheriff of Berkshire in the early 1900s and supposedly the inspiration for Kenneth Grahame's Toad, in the Wind in the Willows.

</doc>
<doc id="18701650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701650" title="Suzanne Packer">
Suzanne Packer

Suzanne Packer (born Suzanne Jackson; 20 June 1958) is a Welsh actress who is best known for playing the role of Tess Bateman in the long-running television series, Casualty. Packer is currently the third longest serving cast member as she joined Casualty in September 2003. In the early 1990s, she was mostly well known for her role as Mick Johnson's wife Josie in the Channel 4 soap Brookside.
Whilst at Llanedeyrn High School in Cardiff, she already showed an interest in acting, playing the lead in school plays including "Oklahoma" and "The King and I".
She is the elder sister of the Olympic athlete Colin Jackson.
She appeared on Series 1, Episode 3 of Celebrity Pointless on 6 July 2011 with her brother, they were eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="18701703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701703" title="Owlsmoor">
Owlsmoor

Owlsmoor is a suburb of Sandhurst in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Sandhurst.
The settlement lies near to the A3095 road, and is located approximately north-east of Sandhurst town centre.

</doc>
<doc id="18701704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701704" title="Alder, Oregon">
Alder, Oregon

Alder is an unincorporated community in Benton County, Oregon, United States. Alder lies near U.S. Route 20 southeast of Blodgett on the Marys River in the Central Oregon Coast Range. The post office serving Alder was named Hipp.
Alder railroad station on Southern Pacific's Toledo Line (now owned by the Portland and Western Railroad) was established in 1911, but in 1922 the Post Office Department would not name the community's new post office "Alder" because of potential confusion with many other offices with the same name. The name "Hipp" was suggested by the office manager of the nearby Climax Lumber Company mill; the name was apparently made up from the initials of the first names of people who owned the mill. The office ran until 1930.
Wallowa County.
There was also a historic community named Alder in Wallowa County.
The Wallowa County Alder never flourished, because of the proximity of the more successful Enterprise.

</doc>
<doc id="18701708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701708" title="Cocoto Fishing Master">
Cocoto Fishing Master

Cocoto Fishing Master is a fishing video game developed by Neko Entertainment for the PlayStation 2 and the Wii, where it was released as a WiiWare game.
Part of the "Cocoto" series, the game sees players controlling a little demon named Cocoto who must find five enchanted fish in order to stop the world being engulfed by lava from a magic kettle.

</doc>
<doc id="18701709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701709" title="Neelam Jain">
Neelam Jain

Dr. Neelam Jain is a prominent woman in Jain society. She is the editor of Jain Mahiladarsh.
Career.
She is editor for Jagmagdeep Jyoti, Joint editor for Kud Kud Vani and Chief editor for the Divya Deshna and Jain Mahiladarsh. She is a research officer in Sahitya Bharati Shodh Sansthan. She is General Secretary of Sewayatan , Shri Sammedshikhar Ji .She is Founder of VAMA Jain Mahila Mandal, Gurgaon.
Neelam Jain is presently working for the overall development of the Sarak community in Bengal, Bihar and Orissa. She has been invited more than 1000 conferences world wide as chief guest or as Main Speaker. She spread the Jain religion concepts all over the world. She has given more than 100 talks on different radio and TV channels (Aastha ,Sanskar , Jain TV .. etc.).

</doc>
<doc id="18701712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701712" title="TV Patrol Tacloban">
TV Patrol Tacloban

TV Patrol Tacloban is the local news program of the ABS-CBN Regional Network Group in Tacloban City and in Eastern Visayas.
It is aired live daily from the ABS-CBN Broadcasting Center in Avenida Veteranos, Tacloban City at 5:00 PM, from Monday to Friday.
TV Patrol Tacloban has been covering the latest in-depth news from all over Eastern Visayas in Waray-Waray, the major language of the Region. Its area of coverage goes as far as Samar, Leyte's neighbouring island through ABS-CBN TV-7 Catbalogan and TV-10 Calbayog in the Province of Samar.
About.
TV Patrol Tacloban has been running for more than 15 years, with its original anchor Clifford Nolido, who since transferred to the ABS-CBN Regional Network Group in Iloilo as its Station Manager. He has been replaced by his former sit-in anchor Ranulfo Docdocan.
The program ceased broadcasting for 6 weeks after Tacloban City was hit by Typhoon Yolanda on November 8, 2013, which damaged the broadcast equipment of ABS-CBN Tacloban. The program returned to broadcast on December 23, 2013 after power was restored in the city, repairs were completed in the station, and main anchor Docdocan recovered from injuries covering the typhoon in Guiuan, Eastern Samar. 

</doc>
<doc id="18701716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701716" title="Maoz Samia">
Maoz Samia

Maoz Samia (also transliterated Maoz Samya, , born 14 December 1987) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Hapoel Jerusalem.
Personal life.
Samia is Jewish, he grew up in Ramla.
Club career.
Samia joined Ironi Ramla's youth set up at the age of 9. He quickly moved up the club's ranks, becoming a regular in Ramla's senior squad at the age of 16.In 2004, Underwriter In Hapoel Petah Tikva.

</doc>
<doc id="18701738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701738" title="Bellfountain, Oregon">
Bellfountain, Oregon

Bellfountain is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Benton County, Oregon, United States. Bellfountain lies on Bellfountain Road north of Alpine and northwest of Monroe. The population was 75 at the 2010 census.
Early history.
Early on, the area around Bellfountain was known as Belknap's Settlement. A post office was established in 1895 called Dusty. From 1902 to 1905 the Bellfountain post office existed; after that the mail went to Monroe. Bellfountain was said to have been named for Bellefontaine, Ohio.
Bellfountain has also been said to have been named for the bell fountain, a natural spring that bubbled up about 1 mile west of Bellfountain where the Bellfountain Park is located. Flat rocks surrounding the natural artesian spring formed in the shape of a bell. People could view the bell fountain until sometime during the last 40 years when Benton County covered over the bell fountain with a cement building and a pump house to pump the water for use in the park. People are no longer able to view the bell fountain for which the town was named.
State Champion School.
In 1937 the basketball team at Bellfountain High School won the Oregon state championship. At this time Kenneth Litchfield was principal and Burton "Bill" Lemmon was the coach. That was an era when all schools, large and small, were grouped together for playoff purposes. Bellfountain H.S. had a total of twenty-seven students, and their basketball team consisted of eight boys, none over 6 feet tall. After taking the Class B Championship they beat Portland's Franklin High School (a school of 2100 students) in the semi-finals, then competed in the finals against Portland's Lincoln High School. The Bells beat Lincoln by 14 points - their closest game of the season.
Present-day Bellfountain.
The local economy is centered around the farming of Christmas trees and grass seed, and on logging. Bellfountain Park features an picnic table.

</doc>
<doc id="18701743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701743" title="Madeleine Schickedanz">
Madeleine Schickedanz

Madeleine Schickedanz (born 20 October 1943 in Nuremberg) is a German heiress and former philanthropist. She is the daughter of Gustav and Grete Schickedanz, the founders of catalog retailer Quelle Versand, which was merged with Karstadt to form Arcandor, a company listed in Germany's Mid Cap DAX stock index until its 2009 bankruptcy.
Biography.
Madeleine Schickedanz interrupted her studies in business economics after two semesters. She is married to her third husband, Leo Herl. The pair splits their time between Fürth and St. Moritz as they wish. Schickedanz has four children, two each from her former marriages to Hans-Georg Mangold and Wolfgang Bühler, both of whom were Quelle managers. After her daughter Caroline successfully overcame leukemia in 1990, Schickedanz founded the "Madeleine Schickedanz KinderKrebs-Stiftung", a charity that supports children who suffer from cancer.
She was the 13th richest woman in the world, and the 142nd richest person in the world, according to Forbes in 2007. However, as of 9 June 2009, she has declared insolvency after the bankruptcy of her holding company Arcandor. She and her husband claimed to live on only 600€ per month in the aftermath of the insolvency. In January 2010, she sold two of her villas in St. Moritz for 68 million USD to pay down the debt.

</doc>
<doc id="18701751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701751" title="Duke of Kingston's Regiment of Light Horse">
Duke of Kingston's Regiment of Light Horse

The Duke of Kingston's Regiment of Light Horse was a volunteer cavalry regiment raised in Nottinghamshire in 1745 at his own expense, in imitation of hussars in foreign service, and disbanded in 1746.
It was raised by the 2nd Duke of Kingston, ranked as the 10th Horse, and offered for service in the Second Jacobite Rising 1745, where it fought at Culloden. Since they were newly raised and the troopers weren't regulars they behaved in a most beastly manner, especially in the pursuit after Culloden when they cut down many innocent civilians including women and children along the Inverness road, it pursued the retreating Jacobite army for three miles from the battlefield.
The men had enlisted for the duration of the fighting, and so the regiment was disbanded at Nottingham in September 1746, with the Duke of Cumberland enlisting most of the men (all but eight of the original) into the newly formed Duke of Cumberland's Regiment of Light Dragoons.

</doc>
<doc id="18701767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701767" title="Ownham">
Ownham

Ownham is a hamlet in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Boxford.
The settlement lies south of the M4 motorway, and is located approximately north-west of Newbury.
Located at the top of a hill above Boxford, the hamlet has views over the Lambourn Valley.
Archaeology.
A 140 yards (130 m) section of Ermin Street Roman road that linked Corinium Dobunnorum (Cirencester) and Calleva Atrebatum (Silchester) exists just to the east of Ownham. It is visible from aerial archaeology near William's Copse.
Early man was drawn to settle here because of the clear water supply and river ford in Boxford. Neolithic flints have been found in Ownham.
Social and economic history.
There are 10 dwellings in Ownham including 3 dwellings in nearby Coombesbury Lane which is classified as part of Ownham. All dwellings are now residential although in the past they included farms, a chapel of rest, a merchant house and a farm tenant's cottage. The road through Ownham does not have a name and most dwelling addresses are three digit numbers corresponding to historic farm plot numbers ("xxx Ownham").
Much of the surrounding farmland is part of Sir Richard Sutton's Settled Estates. The 6,500-acre property is given over to a variety of arable crops including wheat, barley, peas and beans, as well as a beef herd and sheep. 
A community count in December 2013 showed 16 adults, 6 children, 8 dogs, 5 cats and 3 horses lived in the hamlet. 
Transport.
Ownham lies on an unnamed road between Coombesbury Lane and Lambourne Road with a short no through road spur.  The unnamed road was resurfaced in August 2013 by West Berkshire council.   
Before the resurfacing the unnamed road was one continuous road with the spur giving right of way. At the end of the works road markings were applied that made the spur and the lower part of the unnamed road one continuous road. The upper part of the unnamed road which runs from Coombesbury Lane now gives right of way at the spur. The change in road layout is likely to be a mistake as no record of a planned change exists.

</doc>
<doc id="18701769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701769" title="FabricLive.39">
FabricLive.39

FabricLive.39 is a 2008 mix album by DJ Yoda. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.

</doc>
<doc id="18701810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701810" title="Dawson, Oregon">
Dawson, Oregon

Dawson is an unincorporated community in Benton County, Oregon, United States. Dawson lies about 6 miles west of 99W on Dawson Road west of Bellfountain, northwest of Alpine, and north of Glenbrook.

</doc>
<doc id="18701816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701816" title="List of mosques in the United Kingdom">
List of mosques in the United Kingdom

This is an Incomplete list of mosques in the United Kingdom listed by regions in Scotland, England and Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="18701838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701838" title="Bill Loughnane">
Bill Loughnane

William "Bill" Loughnane (5 August 1915 – 18 October 1982) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. A medical doctor by profession, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Clare–Galway South constituency at the 1969 general election. He was re-elected at the 1973 general election for the same constituency. He was elected for the Galway West constituency at the 1977 general election, and was elected for the Clare constituency at the 1981 and February 1982 general elections. He died in October 1982 shortly before the November 1982 general election.
He was a noted Republican backbencher within Fianna Fáil. He and Síle de Valera were highly critical of the then Taoiseach Jack Lynch, criticism which precipitated Lynch's resignation in 1979. He was also a supporter of the Anti H-Block movement.

</doc>
<doc id="18701845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701845" title="Flynn, Oregon">
Flynn, Oregon

Flynn is an unincorporated community in Benton County, Oregon, United States. Flynn is located on U.S. Route 20 at its interchange with Oregon Route 34, just west of Philomath, near the Marys River.

</doc>
<doc id="18701847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701847" title="SISCWeb (web framework)">
SISCWeb (web framework)

SISCweb is a framework to facilitate writing stateful Scheme web applications in a J2EE environment.
By using continuations, SISCweb does away with the page-centric execution model typical of web programming. Every time the program sends a response to the browser, its state is suspended, to be then resumed from that exact point when the browser submits a request.
One implication of this approach is that local variables in scope when the response is sent will still be in scope when the subsequent request is received, making much of the session-object data shuffling needless. Another consequence is that, much like in console-based applications, the conversational state between client and server is constantly maintained—hence the term "stateful."
SISCweb is implemented in SISC, a Scheme interpreter for the JVM with support for full continuations.
Features.
SISCweb is both a compact engine to manage continuations and a collection of small libraries to ease web development. Benefiting from both its implementation language, Scheme, and its environment, J2EE, SISCweb offers:

</doc>
<doc id="18701863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701863" title="Omer Peretz (footballer born 1990)">
Omer Peretz (footballer born 1990)

Omer Peretz (; born 30 March 1990) is an Israeli footballer currently playing for Sektzia Nes Tziona.

</doc>
<doc id="18701874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701874" title="Glenbrook, Oregon">
Glenbrook, Oregon

Glenbrook is an unincorporated community in Benton County, Oregon, United States. Glenbrook lies on Alpine Road west of Alpine and south of Dawson.

</doc>
<doc id="18701903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701903" title="Aleksandar Teodorov-Balan">
Aleksandar Teodorov-Balan

Aleksandar Stoyanov Teodorov-Balan () was a Bulgarian linguist, historian and bibliographer.
Balan was born in the village of Kubey, Russian Empire, today Chervonoarmiyske, Odessa Oblast, Ukraine, to a Bessarabian Bulgarian family. The Bulgarian general Georgi Todorov was his brother. Balan studied in Prague and Leipzig graduating in Slavistics from the Charles University in Prague. In 1884 he settled in Sofia, the capital of the Principality of Bulgaria, spending four years working for the Ministry of Popular Enlightenment. He became professor of Slavic ethnography and dialectology and history of the Bulgarian language, since 1893 head of the Bulgarian and Slavic literature department of the High Pedagogical School (the future Sofia University). On 29 January 1889, he was elected the first rector of the university and reelected several times (1896–1897, 1902–1903); he was also dean of the Faculty of History and Philosophy (1899–1900, 1904–1905).
In the late 19th and early 20th century, he was secretary of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences, and from 1939 on he was "doctor honoris causa" of the Sofia University, as well as an active member of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences. From 1907 to 1910 he was also the head secretary of the Bulgarian Exarchate. Aleksandar Teodorov-Balan was also among the founders of the tourist movement in Bulgaria, a long-standing chairman of the Bulgarian Tourist Association and editor of the "Bulgarian Tourist" magazine. In addition, he was also Grand Master of the Grand Masonic Lodge of Bulgaria.
Among his most important scientific contributions ranks his work on Bulgarian grammar, the peculiarities of Bulgarian phonology, his struggle against loanwords (linguistic purism), the enrichment of the language using dialectal words. He also published works in the field of literary history. Some of his publications (including posthumous) include:
Balan's scientific legacy amounts to 886 titles, including books, studies, articles and notes, of which 310 devoted to the Bulgarian language, as well as many successful neologisms. Despite his numerous contributions, Balan lived in relative poverty, with his French wife often suffering from tuberculosis. Balan survived to almost centenarian age, he died in Sofia on 12 February 1959.
Balan Ridge on Alexander Island in Antarctica is named after Aleksandar Balan.

</doc>
<doc id="18701932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701932" title="Greenberry, Oregon">
Greenberry, Oregon

Greenberry is an unincorporated community in Benton County, Oregon, United States. It is located on Oregon Route 99W about 8 miles south of Corvallis.
Greenberry was a station on the Westside line of the Southern Pacific Railroad (now owned by Portland and Western) named for Green Berry Smith, a pioneer of 1845 who came with the Meek party and settled in Benton County in 1846. He lived for a time on a farm in the area that bears his name. Smith was usually called Greenberry despite his two given names. Nearby Smith Hill is also named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="18701942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701942" title="1999 Gold Flake Open – Singles">
1999 Gold Flake Open – Singles

Byron Black defeated Rainer Schüttler 6–4, 1–6, 6–3 to win the 1999 Chennai Open singles event. Patrick Rafter was the defending champion but did not defend his title.

</doc>
<doc id="18701962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701962" title="Luccombe Chine">
Luccombe Chine

Luccombe Chine is a geological feature and visitor attraction south of the village of Luccombe on the Isle of Wight, England. A wooded coastal ravine, one of a number of such chines on the island created by stream erosion of soft Cretaceous rocks, it leads from the clifftop to Luccombe Bay.
The Chine is at the eastern end of the Isle of Wight Undercliff landslip. A small fishing community existed at the foot of the Chine until 1910, when the settlement was destroyed by a landslip.
Many Islanders use Luccombe Chine and the surrounding cliffs as a place to gather thoughts and de-stress. Locals have also heard the sound of harp music and Angel like singing bouncing off the high cliffs after dusk and during the night. Luccombe Chine is generally regarded as one of the most mysterious and spiritulist places in the world after the hours of darkness. A number of Fisherman at night have reported hearing the chorus of John Leyton's 1960's hit "Johnny remember me" sung as an Angel like harmony especially with an incoming tide.

</doc>
<doc id="18701984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701984" title="James I. McCord">
James I. McCord

James I. McCord (* 1919 in Breadalbane, Ontario; † February 19, 1990) was a president of Princeton Theological Seminary. He also won the 1986 Templeton Prize.
150 Years of Princeton Theological Seminary.
In 1962, as President of Princeton Theological Seminary, McCord hosted the Princeton Theological's 150-year anniversary festivities.

</doc>
<doc id="18701991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18701991" title="Sedantag">
Sedantag

Sedantag () was a semi-official memorial holiday in the German Empire celebrated on the second of September to commemorate King Wilhelm of Prussia's victory in the Battle of Sedan (1870). After the outbreak of the Franco-Prussian War a few weeks earlier, French emperor Napoleon III and his army were taken prisoner in the fortress of Sedan by Prussian troops, a major step to eventual victory.
In 1871, the now united Germans could hardly agree on a common "German" holiday, as most were related to the Prussian royal family. While the German Emperor and Empire was proclaimed on 18 January 1871, the Prussians themselves held the first coronation of a Prussian king on the same day in 1701 in higher esteem. The signing of the final peace Treaty of Frankfurt, several months later on 10 May 1871, was also not unequivocally welcomed. The southern states of Bavaria, Baden and Württemberg preferred to celebrate the victories in battles to which their troops had contributed significantly, like the Battle of Wörth which had occurred already on 6 August 1870.
While never proclaimed officially, participation and official support for Sedantag celebrations varied over time, and working class leaders never really accepted it, Sedantag became a de facto national holiday, last celebrated in 1918.
After the Treaty of Versailles had been signed in mid 1919, on 27 August 1919 the Innenministerium of the Weimar Republic declared that no further Sedantag celebrations should take place.

</doc>
<doc id="18702001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702001" title="Arsenic triiodide">
Arsenic triiodide

Arsenic triiodide is the inorganic compound with the formula AsI3. It is a dark red solid that readily sublimes. It is a pyramidal molecule that is useful for preparing organoarsenic compounds.
Preparation.
It is prepared by a reaction of arsenic trichloride and potassium iodide:
Reactions.
Hydrolysis occurs only slowly in water forming arsenic trioxide and hydroiodic acid. The reaction proceeds via formation of arsenous acid which exists in equilibrium with hydroiodic acid. The aqueous solution is highly acidic, pH of 0.1N solution is 1.1. It decomposes to arsenic trioxide, elemental arsenic and iodine when heated in air at 200 °C. The decomposition, however, commences at 100 °C and occurs with the liberation of iodine.
Former uses.
Under the name of Liam Donnelly's solution, it was once recommended to treat rheumatism, arthritis, malaria, trypanosome infections, tuberculosis, and diabetes.

</doc>
<doc id="18702003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702003" title="Giannis Chrysafis">
Giannis Chrysafis

Giannis Chrysafis (born 16 March 1981 in Greece) is a Greek footballer, currently playing for Ionikos F.C. in the Football League 2 (Greece) as a Midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="18702021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702021" title="Augustus Meyers">
Augustus Meyers

Augustus Meyers was an American soldier during the Civil War, best known for writing Ten Years in the Ranks, U.S. Army, an account of his life in the military. The book is an important historical document, containing many unique descriptions of practices that would otherwise be unknown. Augustus was the first to write about the training he received at the School of Practice on Governor's Island, New York, where Army musicians were trained.
After joining the Army at the age of twelve in 1854, Augustus served for five years in the territories as a musician. Later after reenlisting for a second five year term, he served in the color guard for the 2nd Infantry Regiment and became the youngest sergeant in his company at age twenty-one. He was detailed as brigade commissary sergeant. Later in the war, during the battle for Petersburg, Augustus was appointed acting ordnance sergeant.
At the end of the war, with the support of the commander Col William F. Drum, Augustus was commissioned as a 2nd Lt. in the 5th New York Volunteer Infantry, also known as Duryee's Zouaves after Colonel Abram Duryée, the original commander of the regiment. Although so commissioned, Augustus was not officially mustered in, choosing to return to civilian life instead. Nevertheless, he was permitted to participate with the group's veterans' association. In 1888, he served as a Vice Chairman of the dedication committee for the unveiling of the bronze statue of Gouverneur K. Warren at Little Round Top, Gettysburg. General Hiram Duryea served as the chairman. At the Battle of Gettysburg, Warren was acting as Chief Engineer for the Army of the Potomac and was directed to Little Round Top by Meade. His initiative during the battle in saving that key position earned him the name "the hero of Little Round Top." The statue by Karl Gerhardt rests on the exact spot where Warren stood when looking over the field on that day. At an earlier time, Warren had commanded the 5th New York. He took over command after Duryée was promoted to the rank of general. The Fifth New York veterans' association funded the creation of the statue.
"Ten Years in the Ranks, U.S. Army" was originally published by Stirling Press in 1914 and that edition was reprinted by Arno Press in 1979.
Augustus Meyers was born on June 21, 1841 in the community of Morschwyl, a part of the Borough of Rorschach, in the Swiss canton of St. Gallen. He was baptised Johann Baptist August Maier. Eventually he adopted the more American spelling of his name. Along with his mother, Franziska (Benz) Maier, later known as Frances, and a half-brother Joseph Peter Maier, he immigrated to the United States in 1852. His father, Joseph Alois Maier, had preceded the family in 1848 but is presumed to have died soon afterwards. They settled in New York City. Augustus lost contact with his half-brother Joseph and after the Civil War spent many years trying to locate him without success. On March 28th 1854, two years after immigrating, Augustus joined the army for a five year term. His true age was 12 years and 9 months but he claimed to be 14 in order to qualify. On the roster his name is given as August Maier, occupation pocket-book maker. Augustus had been working in a factory, an indication of the family's poverty. The roster further shows that he was only 4'10" in height with a pale complexion and grey eyes. He served out the 5 year term as a musician playing the fife and for much of the time he was stationed with Company D of the 2nd US Infantry in the Minnesota and Nebraska Territories, well beyond the reach of civilization. The record shows that during his service, on September 27th, 1857 he deserted from Fort Randall, South Dakota. He was arrested 3 days later in Sioux City, Iowa having made his way 120 miles down the Missouri River. He was court martialed and sentenced to 6 months of hard labor with a ball and chain and fined $10 plus an additional fine to cover the cost of his recapture. During the trial he declined to testify in his own defense. Fortunately for Augustus, his commanding officer, Captain William M. Gardner, testified on his behalf and prevailed on the court to suspend the harsher penalties. Augustus was only required to make up the 3 days of lost service and pay $30 to cover the cost of his apprehension. The episode is not disclosed in his book. Augustus did however express his gratitude toward the Captain. Captain Gardner was a graduate of the US Military Academy and had served in the Mexican-American War with distinction. So his support for Augustus carried some weight. Gardner testified that during the three years prior to the desertion, as his commanding officer, he had never found any fault with Augustus. Gardner went on to praise Augustus as about the best boy he had ever seen in the Army. Gardner was from Georgia and when his state seceded he resigned from the U.S. Army and became a lieutenant Colonel in the 8th Georgia Infantry Regiment. In his first engagement at Bull Run Gardner took a miniball in the ankle. Delayed treatment prolonged his suffering but an amputation eventually helped him regain some vitality. He finished his service in administrative positions and went on to live until 1901. Desertions were common from Fort Randall at that time. The region was mostly uninhabited and the few civilized areas operated without much formal authority. Few deserters were recaptured and soldiers took advantage of the opportunity to escape the hardships of service to try their luck in the growing West. For the year 1857, Captain Gardner reported 24 desertions from his Company "D". Of that number, Augustus was the 20th to desert, but he was the only deserter during that year who was recaptured (one other surrendered voluntarily). At the end of his term in 1859 Augustus was discharged at Fort Randall and left to make his own way home back home. When he reenlisted and returned to the territories, Augustus happened to cross paths with Gardner once more. Gardner was on his way to Georgia for a six months furlough but promised Augustus to help him get an appointment to West Point when he returned. However, Gardner never returned and Augustus never met him again. War was declared and Gardner joined the Confederacy before his furlough was up.
As he relates in his book, Augustus lived in close contact with the Dakota Sioux for almost five years while stationed in the Nebraska and Minnesota Territories. He was a keen observer of their customs and he made a deliberate effort to learn their language. His observations were well documented in the book.
After returning to New York City in 1859 Augustus worked diligently to find a career that offered encouraging prospects but he was not successful. He lacked the connections and the experiences in civilian life that were necessary at that time to compete for the few opportunities available. So in March of 1860, he reenlisted for another 5 years and was returned to the territories to join his old regiment. At the time neither he nor anyone else anticipated the storm that would overtake the country when Lincoln was elected the following November. When news of the war first reached the soldiers out West they were anxious to join the fight, and they expected with regret that it would be settled before they had a chance to see action. In July of 1861 Augustus and his regiment were ordered to Washington and their worries about missing the action were soon extinguished. During the next 4 years they served with the Army of the Potomac and they were engaged in many of the great battles including Manassas, Antietam, Chancellorsville, Fredericksburg and Gettysburg.
Augustus grew up speaking German until he was eleven. After coming to the US he was forced to work before joining the Army, so he never had the advantages of a formal education. Nevertheless, he was able to become sufficiently well educated to write effectively and clearly in English. That is a testament to his self-discipline and his determination to succeed in life. During his service he used his time productively to study. His studies were facilitated by the assistance and encouragement of a few kind mentors, especially Lieutenant James Curtis, a West Point Graduate. After the war, he enrolled in the free night school offered at Cooper Union and earned a degree in architecture. Eventually he married Elizabeth Cozzens from Albany and made his fortune in the building trade. Elizabeth was the daughter of Scots Irish immigrants.
Later in his career, he developed several large warehouse buildings along the Hudson River which still stand today. His first large project, measuring 100,000 square feet, was 547-553 W. 27th / 548-552 W. 28th. It is located just east of 11th Avenue spanning the block between 27th and 28th street. Prior to construction it was pre-leased to the firm of Berlin & Jones. It is now included in the Chelsea historic district. It has been adapted from its original industrial applications to serve as the workspace for multiple eclectic creative commercial tenants including over 2 dozen art galleries. The largest of these is the non-profit Aperture Foundation. The building is now known as the "Landmark Arts Building" having been granted NYC Landmark status. Another building Augustus developed still stands at 545-547 West 20th Street/120 Eleventh Avenue. It remained in the Meyers family until 2000. For some time after that it was leased to several art galleries. Now it has been converted to high end residential lofts that were marketed as the "Lifesaver Lofts". It is claimed that Mint Products Company manufactured Life Saver mints there from 1913 to 1916.
Augustus traveled widely and circled the world several times. He had six children and died in NYC in 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18702022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702022" title="The Man with Rain in His Shoes">
The Man with Rain in His Shoes

The Man with Rain in His Shoes is a 1998 Spanish-British romantic comedy film, written by Spanish singer-songwriter Rafa Russo, directed by Spanish filmmaker María Ripoll (in her directing debut) and starring Lena Headey, Douglas Henshall, Penélope Cruz, Mark Strong and Elizabeth McGovern. The film was released under the titles "Twice Upon a Yesterday" in the United States and "If Only..." in France, the United Kingdom, and Australia.
Plot.
Victor (Henshall) is an actor in London who is desperate to stop his ex-girlfriend, Sylvia (Headey), to whom he was unfaithful, from marrying another man. After meeting two mysterious dustmen, he is given the chance to travel back in time and relive his romance. However, he finds that things develop differently this time around—Sylvia has an affair with Dave (Strong), and she leaves him.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack features songs performed by Alpha Blondy, Nigel and Lewis, Salif Keita, and Susana Martins. The film's writer Rafa Russo also performs his own composition "Friends Are Friends".
Awards.
The film won Best Screenplay 1998 at the Montreal World Film Festival, the Gran Angular Award 1998 at the Catalonian International Film Festival and the Bronze Precolumbian Circle at the 1999 Bogota Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18702047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702047" title="Ravenswood, Berkshire">
Ravenswood, Berkshire

Ravenswood is a modern village in the English county of Berkshire, part of the civil parish of Wokingham Without, adjoining Crowthorne.
The settlement was established in 1953 as a self-contained environment for disabled children. The complex is funded by the local authority, and is about north-west Crowthorne.
It stands on the site of Bigshotte Lodge, the home of the Keeper of Bigshotte Rayles, an ancient division of Windsor Forest. It used to be called Hannican's Lodge, after a man called Hankin or Hanykin who was under-keeper in 1607.

</doc>
<doc id="18702065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702065" title="South African Air Force Museum">
South African Air Force Museum

The South African Air Force Museum houses, exhibits and restores material related to the history of the South African Air Force. The Museum is divided into three locations, AFB Swartkop outside Pretoria, AFB Ysterplaat in Cape Town and at the Port Elizabeth airport.
Exhibits.
AFB Swartkop.
AFB Swartkop is home to the headquarters and largest of the three museum locations, occupying at least five hangars.
It contains a number of Dassault Mirage III's, Dassault Mirage F1's, Atlas Cheetah's and various other historical aircraft as well as aviation-related items on display like ejection seats, uniforms, aircraft engines, aircraft weaponry and a Cheetah C flight simulator.
Aircraft on display
AFB Ysterplaat.
AFB Ysterplaat is home to the last airworthy Avro Shackleton.The Shackleton has been grounded for several years already though, as there are not enough qualified aircrew and the remaining airframe hours are insufficient to train new crew, apart from the obvious concern of preservation of this historic aircraft.
Aircraft on display
Port Elizabeth.
Exhibits at the Port Elizabeth Airport branch of the museum are limited due to the amount of hangar space available.
Static exhibits are housed in the original 42-Air School Air Gunnery Training Centre used during the Joint Air Training Scheme in World War II.
Active restoration are being performed on a number of Harvards and there is a project to restore an Airspeed Oxford.
One of the more unusual exhibits is a Jorg IV Skimmerfoil ground effect craft.

</doc>
<doc id="18702084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702084" title="List of the oldest buildings in New York">
List of the oldest buildings in New York

This article attempts to list the oldest extant buildings in the state of New York built by Europeans (English, Dutch, French) and Native Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="18702097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702097" title="HK Golfer">
HK Golfer

HK Golfer is a monthly golf magazine published by Times International Creation Limited in Hong Kong and distributed globally. 
The magazine features in-depth coverage of golf in Hong Kong and globally with event previews, reports, interviews, player profiles and award-winning photography. In addition to equipment reviews, book reviews and course reports, regular features cover luxury watches, classic cars, fine wines, malt whisky, restaurant reviews, photography, yachting, travel, and many other topics relevant to its high net worth readership of over 200,000.
Every year a special edition is published to coincide with the Hong Kong Open. In 2010 the magazine was again appointed as the Official Publication for the UBS Hong Kong Open.
On retail sale across Hong Kong, the magazine enjoys the unique status of “Official Publication of the Hong Kong Golf Association” and, in addition to subscribers from all over the world, the publication has as it’s core local base the 16,000 handicap subscribers of the HKGA. 
In addition to these paid subscriptions, the magazine is available in First and Business cabins on over half of all flights in HK, as well as various airline lounges and golf and social clubs in Hong Kong, Macau and China. In early 2010 the magazine became available in lounges in Amsterdam, Bahrain, Bangkok, Cairns, Frankfurt, Kuala Lumpur, London, Los Angeles, Manila, Melbourne, Paris, Penang, Seoul, Singapore, Taipei, Tokyo and Vancouver. 
The magazine was launched in 2002 by the HKGA. Since May 2008 the magazine has been published by Hong Kong-based Times International Creation Limited.

</doc>
<doc id="18702104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702104" title="Rachel Gill">
Rachel Gill

Rachel Gill is a Pakistani model, actress, and television host. She is known mostly from her role in the television serial "Tere Pehlu Mein" as one of the two daughters of Fayaz (Mohsin Gillani) Areeba, and sister of Jabran Shahid as Sarosh. As well as her hosting of "Lahore Express" on the music channel.
She has modeled for designers such as HSY, Mehdi, Umer Sayeed, Sublime, and Nickie and Nina.

</doc>
<doc id="18702105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702105" title="School of Practice">
School of Practice

The School of Practice (School of Practice for U.S.A. Field Musicians) at Fort Columbus, Governors Island, in New York Harbor was the United States Army's institute for musical training before and during the American Civil War. Much of the historical documentation of the School comes from "Ten Years in the Ranks, U.S. Army", a book written by Augustus Meyers after enlisting at age twelve in the 1850s. The first part deals with the School of Practice. The official training guide, adopted by the War Department, was George G. Bruce's "The Drummers and Fife Guide", which was used until the end of the Civil War.
The school appears to be one of two that were established at Fort Columbus and Newport Barracks, Kentucky in the later 1830s. Both posts were the eastern and western recruiting centers for the U.S. Army infantry. Little more is known about the school at Newport Barracks. 
The school was housed in a former fortification and battery called South Battery which was constructed prior to the War of 1812. From about 1836 to about 1878, musicians at the school, typically teenaged boys, orphaned or with few occupational prospects, lived in small rooms with double bunk beds, consisting of large bags filled with straw. Meals consisted of stapes like rice or bean soup, bread, potatoes, boiled salt beef or pork, and coffee. Enlistees earned seven dollars a month, for training six days a week.
By the late 1870s, Fort Columbus was designated as a major army headquarters, bringing numerous generals to the post. To serve their needs South Battery was converted into an officers mess. The music school was relocated to a barracks at Fort Jay, another fortification a couple of hundred yards away also on Governors Island. By the 1880s, the historical record of the school disappears.

</doc>
<doc id="18702114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702114" title="Arun Deshpande">
Arun Deshpande

Arun Deshpande is a coach of the Indian Carrom team. He is from Thane, in Maharashtra. He has also coached the Maharashtra Carrom team.
As Player.
As a player, he was a seven time state champion (a record since 1976) and a national champion. He is an Indian National champion in Singles, Doubles, Mixed doubles and veteran singles.
As Coach.
He coached the Indian national Carrom team on several occasions, including the 1st and 3rd World Carrom Championship. He has written 2 books on Carrom: One for players and the other for coaches. He has produced two CDs namely, Carrom Technique and Carrom Treasure. These contain huge knowledge, tips, tricks, and techniques on Carrom.
He also coached Pierre Dubois, the winner of Euro Open Carrom Tournament.
In 2006, the first Carrom Dron was presented to Arun Deshpande, when India won the Carrom World Cup.
He has coached players from India, Sri Lanka,Maldives, Switzerland, Germany, Italy, France, UK, and Spain.
As a Writer.
He has written three books namely "Carrom Skill and Technique", "players Guide" and "Coaches Guide".
He has produced four DVDs/VCDs "carrom Technique", "Carrom Treasure"., "Amazing Strokes" and "Stress release"

</doc>
<doc id="18702123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702123" title="Estonian Democratic Labour Party (1989)">
Estonian Democratic Labour Party (1989)

On September 8, 1989, the party merged into the Estonian Social Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="18702124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702124" title="Saint Hermias">
Saint Hermias

The Saint and Martyr Hermias of Comana is an early martyr commemorated in the Orthodox Church and the Catholic Church. He lived in the 2nd century and was a soldier in the Roman army until he confessed Christ and was tortured. His feast day is 31 May.
Life.
The Saint and Martyr Hermias was a soldier who had spent long years in the Roman army, in Comana in Pontus. Completing his service under the reign of Antoninus Pius (138-161), he refused any pay and confessed his faith to Christ. He was arrested and brought before Sebastian, Proconsul in Comana, who summoned him to renounce his confession to show his loyalty towards the Roman emperor. As Hermias refused vigorously, he was sent to be tortured. His tormentors broke his jaws, and then tore off the skin of his face. He was then thrown in a burning furnace, from which he left unscathed after three days. Sebastian then decided to resort to a sorcerer Marus, who concocted a strong poison with the intention of killing the Saint. Hermias blessed the poison with the sign of the cross and drank it with no harm. Having seen Saint Hermias drink with no effect a second stronger poison that he had prepared for him, Marus himself confessed the divine power of Christ and was immediately beheaded. Saint Marus was baptized in his own blood, and was made a martyr. Hermias was then subjected to new torments: he was plunged in boiling oil, his eyes were gouged out, and he was then suspended upside down for three days, but he kept giving thanks to Christ. Finally, the crazed Sebastian beheaded him with his own sword. Christians secretly buried the body of the martyr Hermias, whose relics bestowed numerous healings.

</doc>
<doc id="18702139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702139" title="Boxing at the 1993 Central American and Caribbean Games">
Boxing at the 1993 Central American and Caribbean Games

The Boxing Tournament at the 1993 Central American and Caribbean Games was held in Ponce, Puerto Rico from November 20 to November 28, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18702143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702143" title="Anthony (film editor)">
Anthony (film editor)

Anthony () (born Llwellyn Anthony Gonsalves on 11 September 1973 in Chennai, India) is a Tamil film editor. He has worked in over twenty Tamil, Malayalam, and Telugu language films. This makes him one of the few editors to have worked for the three biggest film industries in India.
Career.
Anthony studied at Railway Mixed Higher Secondary School, Perambur, Perambur, then BA Lit in Madras Christian College, Tambaram, Chennai. As a courier boy he used to deliver to a famous editing studio: Edit Point in Chennai. There he got curious about editing and started to hang out and began picking the basics of digital editing, which was in a nascent stage. He worked at AVM Productions 1993–1997 as an in-house editor, working on many TV serials and TV ad films on the Avid system. Avid was very popular with TV serial producers and ad filmmakers as they could easily and quickly edit their films. It was while editing at AVM that Rajiv Menon noticed his talents. He was offered a job later at Rajiv Menon Productions (RMP), because RMP had just picked up the latest Avid with a film composer (1997). It was also at AVM while cutting Rajiv's TV commercials that his friendship with Gautham Vasudev Menon grew. Gautham was Rajiv's assistant and this friendship stands the test of time, with Anthony editing almost all of Gautham's films to date. At RMP he honed his skill as an ace editor; he also helped in cutting some songs for Rajiv Menon's film "Kandukondain Kandukondain".
Gautham offered Anthony the opportunity to cut some sequences and songs of his second Tamil film "Kaakha Kaakha". It was a huge success and thus began Anthony's successful career in the Indian film industry. Early in his film career he had stiff resistance against editors who were using the more traditional methods of cutting film. But with Avid becoming more and more convenient for filmmakers to edit and see the film instead of the more tedious method of cutting and splicing, it was only a matter of time before Anthony was accepted as a master editor in his own right. He probably single-handedly heralded the digital age of editing in the Tamil film world.
Anthony has now started a company called Frameworks along with director A L Vijay. Anthony is married and has one daughter. His studio is in R.A. Puram, Chennai.

</doc>
<doc id="18702157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702157" title="Look Homeward, Angel (play)">
Look Homeward, Angel (play)

Look Homeward, Angel is an acclaimed 1957 stage play by the playwright Ketti Frings. It opened on Broadway at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre November 28, 1957, and ran for a total of 564 performances, closing on April 4, 1959.
The play is based on Thomas Wolfe's largely autobiographical novel of the same title, which was published in 1929.
In 1958, Ketti Frings won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama and the New York Drama Critics' Circle Award. The production received Tony Award nominations for Best Play; Best Actor in a Play (Hugh Griffith and Anthony Perkins); Best Actress in a Play (Jo Van Fleet); Best Scenic Design (Jo Mielziner); Best Costume Design (Motley); and Best Director (George Roy Hill).
John Drew Barrymore was to co-star with Miriam Hopkins in the tour of "Look Homeward, Angel", which was set to open in Wilmington, Delaware, on October 21, 1959, but Barrymore, who was said to be suffering from a skin infection and was underweight, quit the touring company during rehearsals. He was replaced by Jonathan Bolt.
Synopsis.
"Look Homeward, Angel" traces the coming of age of Eugene Gant in the small town of Altamont, North Carolina. Eliza, his mother, is a woman who likes to make "Deals"—in business and with people. With the proverbial iron hand in the velvet glove and almost equal concern, she runs "Dixieland," her seedy boarding house, an alcoholic husband, a daughter and two sons.
Musical adaptation.
Frings' stage adaptation of "Look Homeward, Angel" was readapted as a Broadway musical, "Angel," which opened at the Minskoff Theatre in New York on May 4, 1978, and closed May 13 after five performances and poor reviews. Frings co-wrote the book with the show's lyricist, Peter Udell, whose lyrics were set to music by Gary Geld. This songwriting team had created the musicals "Shenandoah" and "Purlie" and penned the hit song "Sealed With a Kiss." 
"Angel" was directed by Philip Rose and choreographed by Robert Tucker. The production featured costumes by Pearl Somner, lighting design by John Gleason and scenery by Ming Cho Lee. 
For her performance in the show, Frances Sternhagen received a 1978 Tony Award nomination for Best Actress in a Musical. Additionally, Joel Higgins was nominated for a 1978 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Musical.

</doc>
<doc id="18702162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702162" title="A Study in Scarlet (1933 film)">
A Study in Scarlet (1933 film)

A Study in Scarlet (1933) is a drama film directed by Edwin L. Marin and starring Reginald Owen as Sherlock Holmes and Anna May Wong as Mrs. Pyke. The title comes from Arthur Conan Doyle's novel of the same name, the first in the Holmes series, but the screenplay by Robert Florey was original. 
Despite her billing, Anna May Wong only appears on screen for less than ten minutes. Reginald Owen had played Dr. Watson in "Sherlock Holmes" the previous year; Owen was one of only four actors to play both Holmes and Watson (Jeremy Brett played Watson on stage in the United States prior to adopting the mantle of Holmes on British television, Carleton Hobbs played both roles in British radio adaptations while Patrick Macnee played both roles in US television movies). Warburton Gamble, the actor cast as Watson in this film, physically more closely resembles Doyle's description of Holmes, fueling speculation that the actors might have switched roles prior to production, especially since Owen had played Watson the year before in the series' previous film.

</doc>
<doc id="18702163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702163" title="A. R. Badul">
A. R. Badul

A. R. Badul is Armaya Ramlie Arman's (born 2 November 1949 in Singapore) stage name. He is a Malaysian actor, comedian, director and script writer. 

</doc>
<doc id="18702179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702179" title="Periodic table (crystal structure)">
Periodic table (crystal structure)

The thermodynamically stable structures of metallic elements adopted at standard temperature and pressure (STP) are color-coded and shown below. The only exception is mercury, Hg, which is a liquid and the structure refers to the low temperature form. The melting points of the metals (in K) are shown above the element symbol. Most of the metallic elements crystallize in variations of the cubic crystal system, with the exceptions noted. "Non-metallic" elements, like the noble gases, are not crystalline solids at STP, while others, like carbon, may have several meta stable allotropes at STP which of course can also occur for typical metals like e.g. tin.
Usual crystal structures.
Close packed metal structures.
Many metals adopt close packed structures i.e. hexagonal close packed and face centred cubic structures (cubic close packed). A simple model for both of these is to assume that the metal atoms are spherical and are packed together in the most efficient way (close packing or closest packing). In closest packing every atom has 12 equidistant nearest neighbours, and therefore a coordination number of 12. If the close packed structures are considered as being built of layers of spheres then the difference between hexagonal close packing and face centred cubic each layer is positioned relative to others. Whilst there are many ways can be envisaged for a regular build up of layers:
Hexagonal close packed.
In the ideal hcp structure the unit cell axial ratio is formula_1 ~ 1.633, However there are deviations from this in some metals where the unit cell is distorted in one direction but the structure still retains the hcp space group—remarkable all the elements have a ratio of lattice parameters c/a < 1.633 (best are Mg and Co and worst Be with c/a ~ 1.568). In others like Zn and Cd the deviations from the ideal change the symmetry of the structure and these have a lattice parameter ratio c/a > 1.85.
Face centered cubic (cubic close packed).
More content relating to number of planes within structure and implications for glide/slide e.g. ductility.
Double hexagonal close packed.
Similar as the ideal hcp structure, the perfect dhcp structure should hava a lattice parameter ratio of formula_2
formula_3 ~ 3.267. In real dhcp structures of the 5 lanthanides (including β-Ce) formula_4 variates between 1.596 (Pm) and 1.6128 (Nd). For the 4 known actinides dhcp lattices the corresponding number variate between 1.620 (Bk) and 1.625 (Cf).
Body centred cubic.
This is not a close packed structure. In this each metal atom is at the centre of a cube with 8 nearest neighbors, however the 6 atoms at the centres of the adjacent cubes are only approximately 15% further away so the coordination number can therefore be considered to be 14 when these are included. Note that if the body centered cubic unit cell is compressed along one 4 fold axis the structure becomes face centred cubic (cubic close packed).
Trends in melting point.
Melting points are chosen as a simple, albeit crude, measure of the stability or strength of the metallic lattice. Some simple trends can be noted. Firstly the transition metals have generally higher melting points than the others. In the alkali metals (group 1) and alkaline earth metals (group 2) the melting point decreases as atomic number increases, but in transition metal groups with incomplete d-orbital subshells, the heavier elements have higher melting points. For a given period, the melting points reach a maximum at around group 6 and then fall with increasing atomic number.
See also.
In general the s-block elements have a lower melting point than d-block elements. The s-block elements have only metallic bonding. The bonding between d-block elements has degrees of both covalent and metallic character, so the strength of interactions is greater for these metals, hence the higher melting points.

</doc>
<doc id="18702193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702193" title="Reningelst">
Reningelst

Reningelst is a rural village in the Belgian province of West-Flanders, and a "deelgemeente" of the municipality Poperinge. The village has about 1405 inhabitants.
The deelgemeente of De Klijte used to be a part of Reningelst (then independent, now part of Heuvelland). De Klijte split from Reningelst in 1976 and is now part of the Heuvelland municipality.
Sports.
Reningelst is host to several major cycling races each year. Reningelst calls itself a wielerdorp. Every year during the kermisweek a number of major cycling races happen here. The Eight of Reningelst owes its name to an 8-shaped trail in and around the village.
Sightseeing and cultural life.
The village used to have a castle that was built around 1100. On September 6, 1793 the fortified castle was completely burnt down, on the orders of General Van Damme.
A double railway was constructed where the castle stood (now a meadow) during the First World War. Reningelst was a stopover for many soldiers on their way to or from the front. After the war, several military cemeteries were built across the Westhoek, as well as in Reningelst. There is the Reninghelst Churchyard Cemetery next to the civil cemetery around the church. The Reninghelst New Military Cemetery includes those from the Chinese Labour Corps. There is also a Memorial for the military and civilian victims of World War I and World War II from Reningelst.
In the former town hall, the history of Reningelst appears on a stained-glass window.
Until the 1960s a brewery on the village square brewed Roökop (translated from Flemish: Red Head). The beer has now gone, but the brewery still stands (though part of it in ruins), now as the local cultural centre, also called Rookop.
The Rookop cultural centre houses many local sports and hobby clubs. Local theatre groups sometimes play there. Since 2006 it is also the location for the annual "Troost van Schoonheid" (Comfort of Beauty) one-day music and poetry festival.
There are two bed-and-breakfasts in the village centre.
Public services.
The village currently has a primary school, spread over two locations: one in the Pastoorstraat, and one in the Baljuwstraat.
Reningelst also has a forward Firefighter station. This item is part of firefighters Great Poperinge. The Firefighter station is composed of 19 officers and troops.

</doc>
<doc id="18702200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702200" title="Coast Guard Motor Lifeboat CG 36500">
Coast Guard Motor Lifeboat CG 36500

Coast Guard Motor Lifeboat "CG-36500" is a historic 36-foot lifeboat berthed at Rock Harbor in Orleans, Massachusetts. 
The boat was built in 1946 and added to the National Historic Register in 2005.
On 18 February 1952, the crew of "CG-36500", which consisted of Bernard Webber (captain), Irving Maske, Andrew (Andy) Fitzgerald, and Richard P.Livsey, rescued 33 of 34 crewmen trapped aboard the tanker SS "Pendleton", which had broken in half in a storm off Chatham, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18702211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702211" title="Aboniteichos">
Aboniteichos

Aboniteichos (Gr. , demonym: ; Turkish: "İnebolu") was a town on the coast of Paphlagonia, memorable as the birthplace of the impostor Alexander, of whom Lucian has left us an amusing account in the treatise bearing his name. According to Lucian, Alexander petitioned the emperor (probably Antoninus Pius) that the name of his native place should be changed from Aboniteichos to Ionopolis; and whether the emperor granted the request or not, we know that the town was called Ionopolis in later times. Not only does this name occur in Marcian of Heraclea and Hierocles, but on coins of the time of Antoninus and Lucius Verus we find the legend "Ionopoliton" (), as well as "Abonoteichiton" (). The modern İnebolu is evidently only a corruption of Ionopolis.
It was the site of a 2nd-century AD temple of Apollo.

</doc>
<doc id="18702219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702219" title="No. 237 Squadron RAF">
No. 237 Squadron RAF

No. 237 Squadron was a Royal Air Force aircraft squadron. During the Second World War the unit was formed from No. 1 Squadron Southern Rhodesian Air Force for operations in North Africa.
History.
No. 237 Squadron was formed at RAF Cattewater in August 1918 from Nos 420, 421, 422 and 423 flights of the Royal Naval Air Service. The squadron operated the Short 184 on coastal and anti-submarine patrols in the English Channel until it was disbanded at the end of the First World War on the 14 May 1919.
The squadron was re-formed as No. 237 (Rhodesia) Squadron on 22 April 1940 when No. 1 Squadron Southern Rhodesia Air Force was taken into Royal Air Force control. It operated a number of Hawker biplanes and was based on the Abyssinian border as part of the East African Campaign (World War II) a defence against the movement of Italian troops moving down from the North. In the Autumn of 1940 the squadron moved into Sudan for operations in Eritrea and added Westland Lysanders and Gloster Gladiators to the unit strength. In May 1941 the squadron moved to Egypt and re-equipped with the Hawker Hurricane, it was tasked with tactical reconnaissance duties in the Western Desert. In May 1942 the squadron moved to Iraq as a defence against any German invasion and then moved to Libya in the air defence role.
The squadron re-equipped with the Supermarine Spitfire (Mark VCs first then Mark IXs) and moved to Corsica to fly operations over Southern France and Northern Italy. It eventually moved to Italy where it operated until is was re-numbered as 93 Squadron and disbanded on 1 January 1946.
Notable members.
Ian Smith who was later Prime Minister of Rhodesia was assigned to the squadron in World War II, and was shot down over Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18702221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702221" title="Col. Charles Codman Estate">
Col. Charles Codman Estate

Col. Charles Codman Estate is a historic house at 43 Ocean View Avenue in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The estate was built in 1870 by John Sturgis and was added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702228" title="Collins Cottages Historic District">
Collins Cottages Historic District

Collins Cottages Historic District is a historic district at 150 MA 6 in Eastham, Massachusetts.
The district was built in 1928 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18702230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702230" title="Sam (1973 TV series)">
Sam (1973 TV series)

Sam was an ITV Granada drama series produced between 1973 and 1975. The writer, John Finch, also wrote "A Family At War" for ITV Granada.
This was a drama set in the coalfields of Yorkshire in the inter-war period. However, many of the scenes were filmed in Lancashire, the railway station was actually Garswood, located near Wigan. The story is based on fact, "Sam" as a boy growing up in Featherstone. some of the sayings may seem strange, eg: top-at-knob = North Featherstone.
Episodes.
Series 1: 1973.
With Kevin Moreton as Sam aged 11 to 14. 
It's 1934. Sam Wilson’s mother Dora has left her husband and taken Sam to her hometown of Skellerton, a Yorkshire mining village.
Series 2: 1974.
It's now the post war period with the main character played by Mark McManus.<br>
'Episodes'<br>
Series 3: 1975.
'Episodes'<br>
Video & DVD Release.
All three series have been issued by Acorn Media UK in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18702231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702231" title="Duke of Cumberland's Regiment of Light Dragoons">
Duke of Cumberland's Regiment of Light Dragoons

The Duke of Cumberland's Regiment of Light Dragoons was a cavalry regiment of the British Army raised in 1746 and disbanded in 1749.
It was raised by the Duke of Cumberland in 1746, drawing most of its men from the recently disbanded Duke of Kingston's Regiment of Light Horse, and was ranked as the 15th Light Dragoons - the first regiment of the British Army to be classed as light dragoons.
It served in the Netherlands during the War of the Austrian Succession, and distinguished itself at the Battle of Lauffeld. 
Following the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle the regiment was withdrawn to the United Kingdom; in September 1748 Lord Robert Manners succeeded the Duke as colonel, and the regiment was disbanded in 1749.

</doc>
<doc id="18702238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702238" title="Cotuit Historic District">
Cotuit Historic District

Cotuit Historic District is a historic district on Main Street, Lowell & Ocean View Avenues bounded by Cotuit Bay, Nantucket Sound, and Popponesset Bay in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The district features Greek Revival, Late Victorian, and Federal architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702244" title="Benomi and Barnabas Crocker House">
Benomi and Barnabas Crocker House

Benomi and Barnabas Crocker House is a historic house at 325 Willow Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1790 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702246" title="List of Chairs of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic">
List of Chairs of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic

This is a complete list of the Chairs of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic. 

</doc>
<doc id="18702248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702248" title="North derby">
North derby

The term, North derby, is sometimes used to emphasise their relative geographical proximity, when matches are played between Scottish football clubs Aberdeen and Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
The clubs first met in a Scottish League Cup tie played on 8 August 1998. Inverness first entered the Scottish Football League in 1994 alongside fellow Highland side Ross County, forming the Highland derby. However, Inverness progressed over the next 10 years to form a rivalry with Aberdeen, after winning promotion to the Scottish Premier League in 2004.
The match is considered to be a derby despite the fact that the two cities are over 100 miles apart. Aberdeen have no immediate rival geographically, although they have longstanding rivalries with both Rangers and Dundee United, who have frequently competed with them for Scottish major trophies.
Before Ross County were promoted to the SPL in 2012, the lack of an alternative derby opponent for both clubs led to the development of the rivalry. Due to the redevelopment of the Caledonian Stadium to meet SPL standard, Inverness had to share Pittodrie Stadium with Aberdeen during the first half of the 2004–05 league season.
Initially, the match has also been given an edge by Aberdeen enjoying a long unbeaten record against Inverness, partly thanks to a remarkable number of very late goals. This record was finally ended on the opening day of the 2008–09 league season when Inverness won 2–0 at Pittodrie. Other notable matches between the two clubs include a Scottish Cup tie in 2000. Aberdeen beat Inverness after a replay in the round after Inverness had caused a great shock by beating Celtic.
The clubs are due to meet on 16 March 2014 in their most high profile game to date, the 2014 Scottish League Cup Final.
Goalscorer records.
Players with 3 or more goals in the North derby.

</doc>
<doc id="18702254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702254" title="Capt. Alexander Crocker House">
Capt. Alexander Crocker House

Capt. Alexander Crocker House is a historic house at 358 Sea Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1865 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702259" title="String Quartet No. 1 (Martinů)">
String Quartet No. 1 (Martinů)

String Quartet No.1, (H. 117) (the French Quartet), is a chamber composition by the Czech composer Bohuslav Martinů.
Background.
Martinů was strongly drawn to the string quartet form from his childhood. He composed his first quartet, based on the poem "Tři jezdci" by Czech poet Jaroslav Vrchlický, at the age of eight. However, Martinů's juvenile works remain forgotten, are now archive material, and it is difficult to reconstruct them. Martinů made his first step into the world of quartet writing with his ""French Quartet"". The work was composed in Polička in 1918. In 1925 Martinů intended to have the composition performed in Paris, with the Ševčík Quartet. However, the quartet was not premièred until 1927 in Brno.
Structure.
The composition consists of four movements:
The "French Quartet", named for the work's Impressionist mood, is influenced by the works of Debussy and Ravel. It is the longest of all Martinů quartets. His typical individual style is not yet apparent, but the quartet contains the unquestionable quality and counts among the interesting examples of the composer's early chamber works.
The approximate duration of the work is 36 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="18702265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702265" title="Ebenezer Crocker Jr. House">
Ebenezer Crocker Jr. House

Ebenezer Crocker Jr. House is a historic house at 49 Putnam Avenue in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1783 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. It is the oldest house currently standing in Cotuit.

</doc>
<doc id="18702267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702267" title="Disulfur dinitride">
Disulfur dinitride

Disulfur dinitride is the chemical compound S2N2 with a cyclic square planar structure.
Preparation and reactions.
Passing gaseous S4N4 over silver metal wool at 250–300°C at low pressure (1mm Hg) yields cyclic S2N2. The silver reacts with the sulfur produced by the thermal decomposition of the S4N4 to form Ag2S, and the resulting Ag2S catalyzes the conversion of the S4N4 into the four-membered ring S2N2,
An alternative uses the less explosive S4N3Cl.
S2N2 decomposes explosively above 30°, and is shock sensitive. It readily sublimes, and is soluble in diethyl ether. Traces of water cause it to polymerize into S4N4. In the solid state it spontaneously polymerizes forming (SN)x. It forms adducts with Lewis acids via a nitrogen atom, e.g. S2N2 · BCl3, S2N2 · 2AlCl3, S2N2 · SbCl5, S2N2 · 2SbCl5.
Structure and bonding.
The S2N2 molecule is virtually square and planar. The S-N bond lengths are 165.1pm and 165.7pm and the bond angles are very close to 90°. The S2N2 molecule is isoelectronic with the S42+ dication and has 6π electrons. The bonding has been investigated using a spin-coupled valence bond method and is described as having four framework sigma bonds, with the N atoms bearing a high negative charge and the S atoms a corresponding positive charge. Two π electrons from the sulfur atoms are coupled across the ring making the molecule overall a singlet diradical.

</doc>
<doc id="18702270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702270" title="Simojovel">
Simojovel

Simojovel is one of the 119 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 31,615. It covers an area of 446.99 km².
The municipal seat is the town of Simojovel de Allende.
Economy.
Until 1990 majority of the population worked on the harvest of coffee, nowadays mining and amber trade are the most important economic activities. 
It is also known for its extraordinary gastronomic traditions inherited from their ancient Mayan ancestors. Specially, for cooking 'zats' a tree worm that grows in 'caulote' trees typical of the region (known there as 'tapaculo'), also the 'yervamora' an exquisite seasonal vegetable, a chili variety 'simojovel' native to the town region, and the infamous 'suy' prepared food.
Native inhabitants of Simojovel do not allow tourists or foreign visitors neither interviews, as a measure to protect their patrimony and non-ethical profit. However, people are warm and friendly if you happen to walk pass.

</doc>
<doc id="18702275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702275" title="Lot Crocker House">
Lot Crocker House

Lot Crocker House is a historic house at 284 Gosnold Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The federal style house was built in 1800 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702285" title="Crowell-Smith House">
Crowell-Smith House

The Crowell-Smith House is a historic house at 33 Pine Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1775 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. It was originally listed on the National Register as the "Crosby House", but the name was changed to "Crowell-Smith House" in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18702288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702288" title="Daniel Crosby House">
Daniel Crosby House

Daniel Crosby House is a historic house at 18 Bay Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1790 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702291" title="Estonian Social Democratic Independence Party">
Estonian Social Democratic Independence Party

The Estonian Social Democratic Independence Party (, ESDIP) was a social democratic political party in Estonia (then the Estonian SSR), which advocated Estonian independence. The party was founded in May 1990. The party was led by Marju Lauristin.
On September 8, 1989, the party merged into the Estonian Social Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="18702295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702295" title="Royal Heroine Mile Stakes">
Royal Heroine Mile Stakes

The Royal Heroine Mile Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually during the second week of July at Hollywood Park Racetrack in Inglewood, California. Contested at a distance of one mile on turf, it is open to horses aged three and older. It was upgraded to a Grade II event in 2007.
From 2007 through 2008, the race was known as the CashCall Mile Invitational Stakes.
The Royal Heroine Stakes was named in honor of the great Champion filly, Royal Heroine, who won the inaugural running of the Breeders' Cup Mile in North American record time. 

</doc>
<doc id="18702296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702296" title="Sunuapa">
Sunuapa

Sunuapa is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 1,936. It covers an area of 178.9 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18702299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702299" title="Crowell-Bourne Farm">
Crowell-Bourne Farm

The Crowell-Bourne Farm is a historic 1775 farmhouse on West Falmouth Highway (Route 28A) in West Falmouth, Massachusetts.
The farm has been owned and operated by Salt Pond Areas Bird Sanctuaries since 1979. The property has 49 acres of fields and woods with walking trails, and is open to the public. The Shining Sea Bikeway crosses the property on a paved former railroad bed. Of interest is an old cattle tunnel which was for herding livestock under the former railroad tracks.
The farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, and included in the West Falmouth Village Historic District in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18702310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702310" title="Louisville Lou (That Vampin' Lady)">
Louisville Lou (That Vampin' Lady)

Louisville Lou (That Vampin' Lady) is the title of a popular song by American composer Milton Ager with lyrics by Jack Yellen. Written in 1923, it is an example of the Tin Pan Alley "vamp" style of music. 
Also known and listed with ASCAP under the titles of "Stay Away From Louisville Lou" or simply "Louisville Lou", the song tells in lighthearted fashion the tale of the "scandalous vamp" Louisville Lou, “the most heart-breakin’est, shimmy shakin’est that the world ever knew.”
Song content.
The opening lines stake the author's or singer's claims for Louisville Lou's superiority as a vamp or femme fatale: “History is full of love-makin' champs / But if you want a brand new thrill, come and meet the vamp of Louisville” while enticing the listener further about Louisville Lou's prowess - “Until you're vamped by this brunette…you ain't had no vampin’ yet.” 
After continuing the review of her wiles and the havoc she wreaks upon innocent men (“even Deacon Jones, who is old and bent, sold his crutches just to pay her rent”), the listener is given a final warning to “stay away from Louisville Lou.”
Recorded Versions.
The song was recorded no less than eight times in the first year of its release by artists including 
The recording by Arthur Gibbs and His Gang took the song to top ten status on the pop charts.
Other notable recordings by Pee Wee Hunt, Sophie Tucker, Johnny Mercer on the Capitol Records label, Ted Heath, and Peggy Lee have kept the song in the public consciousness. 
Peggy Lee became particularly associated with the song through her single, recorded in New York for Capitol Records in 1952, which was released again in 1960 on her album "All Aglow Again!". Lee continued to sing the song in her live appearances over the years and included it in her 1983 Broadway show "Peg: A Musical Autobiography".
Cabaret artists Julie Wilson and Joyce Moody have included the song in their nightclub acts and have also made memorable recordings of it: Wilson in 1995 in "Julie Wilson (Live From the Russian Tea Room)" and Moody in 2007 in her tribute (with Earl Wentz) to Milton Ager, "Vampin’ Lady", which takes its name from the song.

</doc>
<doc id="18702315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702315" title="Dillingham House">
Dillingham House

Dillingham House is a historic house in Brewster, Massachusetts
The house was built in 1660 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18702323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702323" title="Russian Social Democratic Party of Estonia">
Russian Social Democratic Party of Estonia

The Russian Social Democratic Party of Estonia () was a social democratic political party in Estonia (then the Estonian SSR). On September 8, 1989, the party merged into the Estonian Social Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="18702327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702327" title="Eastham Center Historic District">
Eastham Center Historic District

Eastham Center Historic District is a historic district on Depot, Mill, and Samoset Roads, and MA 6 in Eastham, Massachusetts.
The district includes the Eastham Windmill (1680), the oldest on Cape Cod. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18702331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702331" title="Eldredge Public Library">
Eldredge Public Library

Eldredge Public Library is a historic library at 564 Main Street in Chatham, Massachusetts.
The library was built in 1896 and added to the National Historic Register in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18702340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702340" title="Referencer">
Referencer

Referencer is a GNOME application to organize documents or references, and ultimately generate a BibTeX bibliography file. It is designed with the scientist/researcher in mind, and "document" may be taken to mean "paper" in general, although Referencer can deal with any kind of document that BibTeX can. Chief among Referencer's capabilities is the automatic acquisition of bibliographic information (metadata) for some kinds of documents. Upon adding a PDF file to a Referencer library file, it will automatically be searched for key identifiers such as a DOI code or arXiv identifier. If either of these is found, Referencer will attempt to retrieve the metadata for the document via the internet. However, metadata fetching for newer additions to arXiv is broken because of the change of format.

</doc>
<doc id="18702341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702341" title="Craigville Historic District">
Craigville Historic District

Craigville Historic District is a historic district on Centerville Harbor, Nantucket Sound, Red Lily Pond, and Lake Elizabeth in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702345" title="Sakuradamon Incident (1932)">
Sakuradamon Incident (1932)

The Sakuradamon Incident or Patriotic Deed of Lee Bong-chang was an assassination attempt against Emperor Hirohito of the Empire of Japan by a Korean independence activist, Lee Bong-chang (hangul: 이봉창, hanja: 李奉昌) in Tokyo on 9 January 1932.
Assassination attempt.
As Emperor Hirohito was departing the Imperial Palace via the Sakuradamon Gate on his way to reviewing a military parade, Lee Bong-chang, a member of the Korean Patriotic Legion ("Haninaegukdan", Hangul: 한인애국단, hanja: ) under the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea headed by Kim Gu in Shanghai, threw a hand grenade at the emperor's horse carriage.
Lee knew of the emperor's schedule from a newspaper article, and managed to approach close to the procession disguised as a Kempeitai military policeman. However, the hand grenade missed, and exploded near the carriage of Imperial Household Minister Baron Ichiki Kitokuro instead, killing two horses. The would-be assassin was quickly apprehended by the Imperial Guard.
Lee was convicted on September 30, 1932 and was executed in Ichigaya Prison (市谷刑務所) on October 10 of the same year.
Consequences.
To take responsibility for the lapse in security, Prime Minister Tsuyoshi Inukai offered his resignation, which was not accepted by the emperor.
The attempted assassination had no impact on Japanese policies towards the Korean peninsula, and was quickly dismissed in Japan as an isolated terrorist incident. However, the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea hailed the event as evidence of the ongoing opposition to Japanese rule in Korea. When these sentiments were echoed in the newspaper of the ruling Kuomintang party in the Republic of China, the Japanese government formally issued a diplomatic protest, and the issue led to an increase in anti-Chinese sentiment in Japan at a time when relations were already extremely strained.
Lee was posthumously honored by the government of the Republic of Korea with the Order of Merit for National Foundation in 1962, and a commemorative postage stamp in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18702350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702350" title="Falmouth Pumping Station">
Falmouth Pumping Station

Falmouth Pumping Station is a historic station on Pumping Station Road in Falmouth, Massachusetts.
The station was built in 1898 and added to the National Historic Register in 1998.
The walking trail around Long Pond passes next to the pumping station (at the location labeled "Water Dept" on the linked map).

</doc>
<doc id="18702354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702354" title="Abd Allah ibn Hijazi al-Sharqawi">
Abd Allah ibn Hijazi al-Sharqawi

Abd Allah ibn Hijazi ibn Ibrahim al-Sharqawi (1737 – 1812) was an Egyptian writer and scholar of the Khalwati sufi order.

</doc>
<doc id="18702355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702355" title="Peter Jackson (fashion designer)">
Peter Jackson (fashion designer)

Peter Jackson (27 January 1928 – 1 August 2008) was an Australian men's fashion outfitter and fashion designer who catered to the Melbourne market.
Herbert Peter Jackson was brought up in South Yarra, Melbourne, Victoria and became a hairdresser in 1950, and then designer in 1953. He gradually transformed his family's mixed business into a specialist menswear shop, and later opened a number of branches. His early clients included celebrities such as Graham Kennedy, Bert Newton and Philip Brady. He introduced store credit cards to Australia. He was influenced by London's Carnaby Street, and he became a leader in the fashion stakes in Melbourne in the 1960s.
Despite early success, his business failed in 1976. He moved to Queensland with his two sons and became a house painter. Returning to Melbourne, he joined a clothing manufacturing business and dabbled in real estate. His siblings David and Olga revived the Peter Jackson business, with the new managing director, Paul Jackson (David Jackson's son). In 1993, Peter Jackson returned to the business and became the public face of advertisements. Paul, along with the council and support of his two sons, David and Nicholas, have implemented vast growth and change within the company over the last three years.
The business took on sponsorship of the Western Bulldog Football team, as the CEO, Paul is a passionate supporter of the team. More so, Pauls youngest son Nick, is a passionate supporter of all things football, and as of 2011, Peter Jackson Melbourne is the namesake sponsor of the VFL.
Jackson died of prostate cancer at Knox Private Hospital in Wantirna, Melbourne on 1 August 2008. He suffered with the disease for two months before his death. He is survived by his third wife, Brenda, his children Lee, Peter, Steven, Mandy, Lisa, Natalie and Morgan, his sister Olga, and seven grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="18702356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702356" title="Meena Kapoor">
Meena Kapoor

Meena Kapoor was a playback singer in Hindi cinema, who sang mainly during the 1940s and 1950s, singing hits such as "Rasiya Re Man Basiya Re" from "Pardesi" (1957). She was a friend of the singer Geeta Dutt; the two had similar vocal styles.
She was married to the music composer Anil Biswas. Anil Biswas died in Delhi in May 2003. His sons, Amar Biswas and Utpal Biswas, better known as Amar-Utpal, are Bollywood music composers, and have composed music for hit films such as "Shahenshah" (1988) and "Aaja Meri Jaan" (1993).
One of Kapoor's most famous songs is "Aana meri jaan sunday ke sunday", a duet with Chitalkar and Shamshad Begum from the movie "Shehnai and " "Kuch Aur Zamana Kehta Hain", set to tune by Anil Biswas from the film "Choti Choti Baatein".

</doc>
<doc id="18702365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702365" title="Falmouth Village Green Historic District">
Falmouth Village Green Historic District

Falmouth Village Green Historic District is a historic district roughly along Locust, Main, N. Main and Hewins Streets and Palmer Avenue, including also Old Town Cemetery in Falmouth, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
The village green is surrounded by historic buildings. Of particular note are the Museums on the Green, owned and operated by the Falmouth Historical Society, with two historic houses and an exhibit center presenting the history of Falmouth, in a setting of gardens by the Falmouth Garden Club. The First Congregational Church sits directly on the village green, with a bell cast by Paul Revere which is still in use. Katherine Lee Bates's house is at 16 Main Street. Numerous historic houses and inns are on the green and on neighboring streets.

</doc>
<doc id="18702373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702373" title="Forestdale School (Massachusetts)">
Forestdale School (Massachusetts)

The Forestdale School, also known as the Greenville School, is a historic one-room school building at 87 Falmouth-Sandwich Road in Sandwich, Massachusetts. The single story wood frame structure was built in 1878. It has Greek Revival features, including gable end returns, and transom windows over the two entrances.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18702379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702379" title="Fort Hill Rural Historic District">
Fort Hill Rural Historic District

Fort Hill Rural Historic District is a historic district on Fort Hill Road, Cape Cod National Seashore in Eastham, Massachusetts.
The district was built in 1868 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18702387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702387" title="French Cable Hut">
French Cable Hut

French Cable Hut is a historic building in North Eastham, Massachusetts.
The hut was built in 1891 and added to the National Historic Register in 1976. The building is now a museum. 
It was featured in an episode of the PBS television series "History Detectives" concerning a 19th-century transatlantic telegraph cable.

</doc>
<doc id="18702390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702390" title="French Cable Station">
French Cable Station

French Cable Station is a historic station on the southeast corner of Cove Rd. and MA 28 in Orleans, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1891 by the French Cable Company, which was installing numerous cables in Cape Cod throughout the late-19th century. By 1898 the station was the terminus of a long trans-Atlantic telegraph cable called "Le Direct." When France surrendered to Nazi Germany in 1940, it was taken over by the federal government for security reasons, but wasn't returned to the company until 1952. The company resumed operations until 1959. After being purchased by 10 prominent Orleans citizens in 1972, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places the same year.
The building now serves as the French Cable Station Museum, featuring displays of Atlantic undersea telegraphic cables, instruments, maps and memorabilia.

</doc>
<doc id="18702402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702402" title="Goodspeed House">
Goodspeed House

Goodspeed House is a historic house at 271 River Road in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1653 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702411" title="Postage stamps and postal history of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland">
Postage stamps and postal history of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland

The state comprised the former self-governing (since 1923) Colony of Southern Rhodesia and the British protectorates of Northern Rhodesia, and Nyasaland. The Federation officially ended on 31 December 1963, when Northern Rhodesia gained independence from the United Kingdom as the new nation of Zambia and Nyasaland gained independence as the new nation of Malawi. Southern Rhodesia then became known as Rhodesia and is now Zimbabwe.
First stamps.
The Federation issued its first postage stamps in 1954, all with a portrait of Queen Elizabeth II in three kinds of designs, and inscribed "RHODESIA & NYASALAND". The first to appear were 15 values from a halfpenny to £1 on 1 July. A further stamp of 2½ pence was issued on 15 February 1956 to cater for the new internal postal charge.
Commemorative stamps.
A pair of commemorative stamps in 1955 signalled the 100th anniversary of David Livingstone's discovery of Victoria Falls, and a definitive series in 1959 consisted of 15 stamps depicting local scenery and industries.
Six additional special issues appeared in subsequent years.
Postage Due stamps.
The 1d and 2d postage stamps from 1954 are known overprinted "POSTAGE DUE" reading diagonally from the bottom left hand corner to the upper right hand corner. It is not known whether these were actually issued or if they are cancellations.
A set of four postage due stamps with the values of 1d, 2d, 4d and 6d were issued on 19 April 1961, depicting a posthorn.

</doc>
<doc id="18702414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702414" title="Fuller House (Barnstable, Massachusetts)">
Fuller House (Barnstable, Massachusetts)

Fuller House is a historic house on Parker Road in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1800 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702416" title="Animal's People">
Animal's People

"Animal's People" is a novel by Indra Sinha. It was shortlisted for the 2007 Man Booker Prize and is the Winner of the 2008 Commonwealth Writers' Prize: Best Book From Europe & South Asia. Sinha's narrator is a 19-year-old orphan of Khaufpur, born a few days before the 1984 Bhopal disaster, whose spine has become so twisted that he must walk on all fours. Ever since he can remember, he has gone on all fours. Known to every-one simply as Animal, he rejects sympathy, spouts profanity and obsesses about sex. He lives with a crazy old French nun called Ma Franci, and his dog Jara. Also, he falls in love with a local musician's daughter, Nisha.
The story was recorded in Hindi on a series of tapes by Animal himself and it has been translated to English as well. 
The author uses Animal's odd mixture of Hindi, French and Indianised English such as "kampani" (company), "jarnalis" (journalist) and "jamisponding" (spying, like James Bond).
Title.
The title "Animal’s People" offers interesting insight into the novel, as it gives us a view of the way the people of Khaufpur identified themselves. The chorus of the children copying Elli, after stating she doesn’t understand Animal’s People, shows this unification of the people of Khaufpur. “We can hear the chorus of small voices gradually falling behind, ‘Hey Animal’s People!’” Unification of people usually takes place during a disaster, which occurs during and after the crisis in Khaufpur. The title of the novel is used to help identify this unification of people and also to foreshadow the difficulty Elli will face when trying to open the clinic. Elli will have to try to break down the tough barriers which exist in Khaufpur, to help the people move past what they fear the most, change. The comfort they seek is always being able to blame the kampani for what happened to them, and assuming every outsider is there because the kampani sent them. The relation to the title is that Animal is a prime example of the hatred, with his foul mouth and negative attitude towards everything. 
The title “Animal’s People” also refers to the difference in behaviors and attitudes between the citizens of Kaufpur and the American doctress, Elli. This becomes apparent on page 283 when Elli is frustrated about everyone’s attitude toward her clinic, and yells “HEY ANIMAL’S PEOPLE! I DON’T [...] UNDERSTAND YOU!” She came to Kaufpur with only a mere idea of how the people had suffered. She knew that people were ill and her duty would be to nourish them back to health, but that was the extent of her connection to them. Due to her more fortunate circumstances, she could never fully grasp the trauma and the aftermath of the gas leak or the chronic poverty which plagued the city. Furthermore, she was oblivious to the reasons why the citizens were so untrustworthy toward outsiders. Without experiencing it for herself, Elli the doctress was an outcast among the rest of the city of Kaufpur—Animal’s People.
Major characters.
Animal is the protagonist of this story. He is a victim of a chemical factory explosion caused by Kampani and is depicted as a boy with a twisted spine that roams around Khaufpur on both of his hands and feet like a dog. He constantly denies his humanity and claims that he is an animal. After this factory incident, Animal is put in an orphanage and taken care of by Ma Franci. He has no recollection of his parents. Animal openly displays his hatred toward humans yet there is a side of him that yearns to be a human being. Therefore, when an American doctor comes to Khaufpur, he regains his lost hope of being able to stand on his own two feet and dreams for that day to come. Although Animal initially loathes his inability to walk on two feet, in the end, he realizes that being a four-foot is better off for him. By being a four-foot, Animal avoids being one of the millions of an upright human and instead becomes the one and only Animal.
Pandit Somraj Tryambak Punekar is Nisha’s father and a music teacher. He is described as tall, with a long and pointy nose, and long fingers. He also has a stoic nature, being called solemn and private by Animal. The most important fact about Somraj is that he used to be a famous singer, known throughout India, who was referred to as the Voice of Khaufpur. However the night of the accident he lost his wife and baby son, in addition to his lungs being damaged by the chemicals. He no longer sings, and if he tries he has coughing fits.
Ma Françi is a nun from France who worked in the orphanage where Animal grew up. She acts as Animal’s mother figure and can be described as kind, although mildly senile. Her affliction from the accident is her loss of understanding Hindi and English. She believes that everyone else is speaking gibberish and is unable to understand that they are using another language, not just making random sounds. She also sees prophetic angels as a result of her madness. However, she still does her duties of going from house to house, helping the sick and injured as best she can.
Zafar is Nisha’s boyfriend. He is described as a man in his late thirties, tall, good-looking, thin with a jutting beard, curly black hair and glasses which makes him appear wise. Zafar is an outsider who is so appalled by the Kampani actions that he moves to Khaufpur to advocate on their behalf. He sacrifices everything in his life, including his studies as a scholar for the poor and sick. He is a saint and hero to the citizens of Khaufpur. 
Farouq is Animal’s friend and arch nemesis. Farque’s family came to Khaufpur from Yar-yilaqis. His intelligence is that of a criminal in a gang, like his two brothers, or a mechanic. He is Muslim, a movie expert, and Zafar’s number two man.
Major themes.
Westernization.
Westernization plays a key role throughout the novel: setting up key relations between characters, showing Sinha’s view on western influence, and giving a more accurate depiction of “distant sufferers.” This book is about a chemical disaster--caused by an American company-- on Indian soil. Furthering this point Sinha shows a complete refusal by the same company to accept any repercussions for their actions. The various examples of apprehension towards outsiders (the journalist (Jarnaliss), the leaders of the Company (Kampani), and Elli the doctress) give insight into preexisting blame-based relationships. These outsiders, associated with the company that neglected responsibility for making the people ill, are seen as tools to help mask and minimize the harm to Khaufpur. Western materialism is objectified through Animal’s eyes, with images like the Coca-Cola sign that is so commercialized that it transcends language barriers. Sinha alters facts from the real Bhopal disaster including the name of the city, the company responsible, and names of individuals involved in the relief effort. This shows how he wished to make this story applicable to all western caused debacles.
Identity.
At the conclusion of "Animal’s People", Animal finally accepts who he is—Animal. We see this concept of self-acceptance as a major theme in this novel, as we see Animal transform through the sharing of his story. Throughout the novel, Animal struggles internally with who he is, especially with his appearance as an animal rather than a human. However, after coming to terms with what has happened and the suffering he experienced as a consequence, Animal accepts who that has allowed him to become—a person whose identity doesn’t come from the events of the Kampani disaster, but rather a person whose identity comes from personal experiences and the people who surround him in his life. We know Animal has truly come to accept his new identity when he decisively says, “Stay four-foot, I’m the one and only Animal.”
Love.
Love is seen in different forms throughout the novel. Perhaps the simplest form of love presented is the mother-son relationship between Animal and Ma Françi. While Animal spends much of his day away from his senile "mother," he always makes a point to check in, especially when chaos breaks out in Khaufpur. Animal's desire for physical love is very apparent starting from the beginning of the novel. Animal speaks using vulgar language and crude humor and is often very blunt in what he wants, especially in front of the women he desires. Animal’s physical love for Nisha can be recognized early in the novel, particularly when he expresses extreme jealously towards her boyfriend, Zafar. As the novel progresses, Animal’s love for Nisha noticeably changes into a more compassionate type of love – a love that allows the reader to understand that Animal has come to consider Nisha as family.
Narrative structure.
The novel is told through Animal’s tape recordings. The Kakadu Jarnalis insists Animal tell his story. The tapes are recorded in Hindi by Animal and then translated into English by the journalist. Like with previous foreign journalists, Animal thinks that his story will be entangled with everyone else’s in Khaufpur; the stories of all survivors will be meshed together to form one tragic tale. To ensure this won’t happen, Animal agrees to tell his story if only it will be told exactly how it is presented through his tapes.
In Animal’s second tape, he dwells on the audience and directly addresses the audience. In a letter to Animal, Jarnalis states “Animal, you must imagine that you are talking to just one person. Slowly that person will come to seem real to you. Imagine them to be a friend. You must trust them and open your heart to them, that person will not judge you badly whatever you say.” Animal then talks to the reader and says “You are reading my words, you are that person. I’ve no name for you so I will call you Eyes.” 
Indra Sinha begins "Animal’s People" with the editor’s note: “This story was recorded in Hindi on a series of tapes by a nineteen-year-old boy in the Indian city of Khaufpur. True to the agreement between the boy and the journalist who befriended him, the story is told entirely in the boy’s words as recorded on the tapes." Although this premise is entirely fictional, Sinha wanted to convey the story in a way that gave authority and a singular voice to the real, but little known aftermath of a gas leak in India that is considered the world’s worst industrial disaster, the Bhopali disaster. The “recorded tapes” are arranged in a largely linear manner that is interrupted with flashbacks that skip between the past and present. They impart the story gradually, developing the setting and characters of Animal’s past while simultaneously incorporating ongoing events. Animal tells his story in the past-tense, as he is repeating experiences to Jarnalis via the tapes. The first and second tapes introduce Animal as the narrator and establish the audience as nothing more than disembodied “eyes.” In the middle of the second tape, Animal jumps back to when he was six years old and the pains of his apparent morph from “human” to animal” that occurred as his spine twisted to the point where he had to walk on all fours. He then quickly fast-forwards in tape three to the meeting of present characters: Nisha and Zafar, then interjects a narration that describes the current appearance of the Kampani’s factory. The story continues in this flitting manner to uncover the full depth of the situation through Animal’s unexpectedly fierce and spirited narration, giving an unconventional take on the idea of "distant sufferers."
Style.
"Animal’s People" is primarily a first-person monologue in which the narrator (Animal) details past events of his life and his internal thoughts from that time to an audience whose existence he is aware of. On occasion the novel changes to a third-person narrative where Animal narrates another character’s independent experiences, such as Elli’s interactions with her ex-husband in Tape Twenty. In both cases, the story, though it occurred in the past, is presented in the present tense. Despite the fact that the novel details past events, Animal is not presented as an omniscient narrator—the reader is never informed beyond Animal himself (the character rather than the narrator) in the context of the story. This, in addition to Sinha’s use of present tense to describe past events causes the reader to experience Animal’s life (in the form of direct speech) alongside him while still allowing for commentary from a narrator who has already lived through these experiences (usually in the form of indirect speech). Thus, the reader is caused to identify more strongly with Animal’s own thoughts, emotions, and desires as the story unfolds—something that falls in line with Indra Sinha’s past career writing emotionally charged advertisements for charities such as Amnesty International.
Influence of perspective
The story told by Indra Sinha in "Animal’s People" is one that is obviously influenced by the Bhopal disaster from 1984, and the way Sinha wants the world to see the disaster. Sinha chose to write the story in a fictionalized setting so he could write “freely”, as opposed to the situation he already knew regarding Bhopal. However, his goal was to instead tell the aftermath of the disaster which he does through the lens of Animal. In Animal, the perspective of Sinha and many others still seeking reparations from the incident are channeled and reflected.
Khaufpuri language
Indra Sinha's inclusion of words such as "kampani" and "Khaufpur"—"kauf" meaning "terror" in Urdu —challenges readers' competency as linguists. Animal's language (Khaufpuri) requires readers to recognize phonetic similarities to English and etymological cues (e.g. Hindi, French) in order to ascribe meaning to the text. The inclusion of a Khaufpuri Glossary in "Animal's People" substantiates the cultural richness of Animal and the Khaufpuri people while successfully reminding the reader of the "otherness" of Animal. Sinha's melding of linguistic traditions enhances the meaning of the text and artistic freedom of the author.
Historical references.
Appearance.
"Animal’s People"'s description of the Kampani is accurate to Union Carbide’s actual abandoned factory. The novel depicts the factory as untouched and overgrown. So many years after the Bhopal Disaster, the Kampani has not returned to the scene and cleaned up the mess. Animal mentions the steps leading nowhere, and the abandoned tanks—cracked, still containing toxic chemicals. Trees and other vegetation have taken over the area making it difficult to access and travel in. 
Indra Sinha’s description is similar to the real factory in Bhopal, India. In 1996, tests were administered on the soil and water testing for toxic chemicals. Results came back positive—water is still being contaminated. Through observation of pictures, tanks are left untouched, stairs leading to nothing substantial, rust covering everything, and trees and wild grass everywhere. Indra Sinha’s Kampani in "Animal’s People" has many similarities to the Union Carbide factory in Bhopal. 
Correspondence.
"Animal's People" takes place in the town Khaufpur and is based on Bhopal, India. It is the site of one of the world’s worst industrial accidents. The first instance of court being brought up in the novel references a trial that is said to take place 18 years after the initial disaster. Zafar tells how the Kampani refuses to recognize the court’s decision to proceed with criminal charges against American executives in India. Finally at the end of this first court date, they are able to get the court to review the assets of the Kampani in an effort to bring the people responsible to justice. The court case depicted in the novel is rooted in the reality of the criminal cases surrounding the Bhopal disaster. The Indian Supreme Court was quick to bring criminal charges against the CEO of Union Carbide, Warren Anderson.
Following the disaster, Anderson traveled to India and was immediately placed under house arrest upon arrival. He left the country never to return. As part of a 470 million dollar settlement reached in 1989, the criminal charges in the case were dismissed. Through petitions and protests, activists were able to restore the criminal charges against Anderson and four other Union Carbide employees in 1991. Despite this decision by Indian courts, warrants being issued, and requests for extradition, the CEO refused to appear in Indian court. Numerous trials were held that Union Carbide officials never acknowledged. In June 2012, a U.S. Court ruled that neither Union Carbide nor their former CEO were liable for any of the charges brought against them. Dow Chemical, which bought Union Carbide, has repeatedly denied responsibility for the disaster or its repercussions, but in July 2013 Indian courts decided that Dow Chemical is still responsible to survivors of the almost three decades old disaster. It is thought that 100,000 people are still suffering from the 1984 gas leak.
Outside intervention.
The Sambhavna Trust is an organization that was founded to bring aid to the victims of the Bhopal Disaster. It set up various clinics throughout the affected area, none of which charged any fees for treatment. Each clinic was allopathic and served as a one-stop spot for treatment. In "Animal’s People", this was personified through Ellie. She was able to provide medical aid to people who came to her, and also placed focus on their mental health and well-being by befriending all her patients and counseling them on a more personal level so they could finally accept and understand their disorders. 
The Sambhavna Trust also emphasized mental health and recovery by providing yoga and massage sessions through its Ayurveda Care department. This type of treatment is native to India and specific to the Hindu culture. Ellie made sure to medicate the whole person, not just their physical ailments. She befriended Animal and helped him through his internal struggle about the orientation of his body. At the end of the novel, Animal is very accepting of his new form and it is all from Ellie and her unconditional support. 
The Sambhavna Trust didn’t come about until 1996, and the gas leak occurred in 1984. In those 12 years, the victims received care in hospital-based facilities, which were too expensive for a lot of those people. Even though the Indian government eventually decided to give free healthcare to the victims, their children were not covered, even though their health was also compromised. The majority of the outsiders’ focus was going towards either research or compensation and recognition for the survivors, not their health. Because of this, nobody was sure how to react to the Sambhavna Trust clinics, and whether they were actually there to help. In the book, Ellie was the first one to come in to help the victims. They were very weary of her at first, thinking that she was gathering statistics for Kampani’s research, since that is what they were used beforehand. Once her intentions were regarded as pure and earned the people’s trust, they were more than willing to receive her help. 
Reception.
According to the "The Bookbag", Sinha's book was shortlisted for the 2007 Man Booker prize, described in the Independent as an extraordinary achievement and by the Indian Express as a novel so honest it leaves you gasping for breath. Lesley Mason said in his review of "Animal's People", "This is a book that should be part of the national curriculum through-out the world. Not only does it explore the outfall of one particular humanitarian and ecological disaster and the pitiful response to it by those responsible; but takes in the wider picture of the general attitude of richer people to the poorer and that of the so-called developed nations to those who have yet to claim a share of the power and the glory (or the muck and the money)."
"It (Khaufpur) is also the setting for his fiercely polemical — and unexpectedly bawdy — novel "Animal’s People", a finalist for the 2007 Man Booker Prize that reveals not a paradise but a blighted city."
"Try to imagine for a moment what if must be like to be the people of Bhopal who have lived for twenty plus years watching family and friends die, descend into madness or give birth to stillborn babies. "Animal's People", the latest offering from Indian author Indra Sinha available from Simon & Schuster Canada, does just that." 
"Washington Post" said of "Animal's People", "The right writer has met the right tragedy".
Eric Banks of "Barnes and Noble Review" said, "It isn't hard to figure why it hooked critics: Sinha controls language so magnificently in this novel... carves out his territory with a vengeance".

</doc>
<doc id="18702417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702417" title="John William King">
John William King

John William King (21 January 1908–25 March 1953) was an English cricketer who played 48 first-class matches for Worcestershire and Leicestershire in the late 1920s. He was the nephew of another John King, who played one Test for England, and the son of James King, who played first-class cricket for Leicestershire.
King made his debut in May 1927, for Worcestershire against Sussex at Hove, scoring 7 and 0.
He remained in the side, but did not make a really sizeable contribution until his 12th innings, when he struck 91 (which was to remain his highest score) against Essex at Leyton.
He ended the season with disappointing figures of 386 runs in 31 first-class innings, at an average of 13.78.
In 1928, King did rather better, and indeed his 629 runs at 19.06, with three half-centuries, represented easily the best season's return of his short career. He passed a thousand runs for his career in late August, when he hit an unbeaten 50 against Warwickshire at New Road.
However, in four further innings before the end of the season he never made more than 2, and for 1929 he switched counties to Leicestershire.
King's one season with the county of his birth was not a success. He averaged a mere 11.84, and apart from one innings of 56 against Derbyshire in mid-July,
his highest score all season was 23. By the end of July he was playing for the Second XI in the Minor Counties Championship, a position whence he never re-emerged. He did appear in two single-innings games for the county during the Second World War, but did not bat in either.

</doc>
<doc id="18702419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702419" title="Gifford Farm (Barnstable, Massachusetts)">
Gifford Farm (Barnstable, Massachusetts)

Gifford Farm is a historic farm at 261 Cotuit Road in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The farm was built in 1850 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702422" title="Diego Carranza">
Diego Carranza

Diego Carranza (born at Mexico, 1559; died at Tehuantepec, date unknown) was a Mexican Dominican missionary.
Life.
He entered the Dominican Order 12 May 1577, and was sent to Nejapa in Oaxaca after being ordained a priest. He was assigned to the mission among the Chontal people of the forest. 
Carranza made efforts, partly successful, to settle them in hamlets, and erected hermitages for them for Christian worship. For twelve years he led an exposed life, and contracted leprosy. He must have died quite young, but the exact date is unknown. Before his death he erected a church for his wards in the village of Santa Maria Tequiztlan.
Works.
He composed, in the Chontal language, a "Doctrina cristiana", "Exercicios espirituales", and "Sermones". They remained in manuscript, and were later lost.

</doc>
<doc id="18702436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702436" title="Dr. Edward Francis Gleason House">
Dr. Edward Francis Gleason House

Dr. Edward Francis Gleason House is a historic house at 88 Lewis Bay Road in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1790 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702438" title="2009 SEC Men's Basketball Tournament">
2009 SEC Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2009 SEC Men's Basketball Tournament took place on March 12–15, 2009 in Tampa, Florida at the St. Pete Times Forum (now known as the Tampa Bay Times Forum). The first, quarterfinal, and semifinal rounds were televised by Raycom/LF Sports, and the SEC Championship Game was seen on CBS.
SEC Regular Season Standings and Awards.
Awards.
All-Conference Team.
All-SEC First Team

</doc>
<doc id="18702442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702442" title="James Faerron">
James Faerron

James Faerron resides in San Francisco, California, where he presently is the Producing Manager for Z Space and Co-Artistic Director for Encore Theatre Company. He is also the Resident Set Designer for theater companies Campo Santo and Encore Theatre and the Technical Theater Instructor for San Francisco University High School.
James’ design career started in Miami, Florida, where he worked for The Actor’s Playhouse and The Area Stage Theater Company. His move to San Francisco in 1996 led to becoming the Technical Director and Production Manager for The Magic Theatre where he met and joined forces with Lisa Steindler (Encore Theatre) and Sean San Jose (Campo Santo.)
James is known as a minimalist designer. His designs focus on the word and forward movement of the script. For the past 15 years he has concentrated on developing new plays and designing sets for many World Premieres by playwrights such as Octavio Solis, Adam Bock, Erin Cressida Wilson, Denis Johnson, Naomi Iizuka, Greg Sarris, Mark Jackson, Yussef El Guindi, Loretta Grecco, José Rivera, Carl Djerassi, Dave Eggers, Philip Kan Gotanda, Kevin Fisher, Jessica Hagedorn, Teresa Walsh, Luis Saguar, Jorge Ignacio Cortiñas and Zayd Dohrn.
Selected Reviews.
“Hidden Parts”
"San Francisco Examiner" – “Steindler and her designers make excellent use of the Thick's tall, narrow performance space. Faerron's striking set uses two rows of tall, late-summer-tasseled cornstalks to suggest vast fields, with a two-tiered, nightmarishly skewed farmhouse growing out of the opposite wall. The crazy-angled upper porch, with its antique rocker, is the aerie from which crude, menacing, hawk-eyed family patriarch Thomas Arn (John Robb) surveys his domain. The patio below - with its half-heartedly festive party decorations - is the realm of his nervous, absent-minded wife Cynthia (Nancy Madden).” 
“Back of The Throat”
"San Francisco Chronicle" – “James Faerron's grungy, low-rent, basement apartment set is a character- defining extension of the semi-bohemian, intellectually curious, impoverished would-be writer Khaled”
“Monkey Room” 
"Talking Broadway" – “James Faerron has devised a breathtaking meticulous lab room that is perfect in every detail.”
“Shaker Chair” 
"Talking Broadway" – “James Faerron has devised a strikingly pristine set with a plain beige wall with an entrance doorway and two significant chairs: a stern Shaker chair and a more comfortable chair.”
"San Francisco Chronicle" - “Dolly wallows self-indulgently in her personal soap opera and a broad, decadently comfortable armchair - the only such luxury in James Faerron's strikingly pristine set, its spartan white walls and clean lines echoing the architecture of the former church that's become Shotgun's Ashby Stage.”
“Beirut / Kvetch” 
"Miami News" – “Scenic designer James Faerron turns the stage into a cavernous hovel by using a pastiche of hurricane shutters, graffiti, and wood. This intricate set finds itself transformed on alternating nights when an entirely different show, the two-act Kvetch, takes the stage. The new set, a black-and-white op-art representation of the inside of a neurotic brain (designed, again, by Faerron) proves to be the most imaginative aspect of this overwrought comedy...”
“Hellhound On My Trail” 
"Berkeley Daily Planet" – “James Faerron’s set is quite striking. Windows downstage left and right plunge upstage center with a highly exaggerated angle of perspective. In the first act, with the addition of well-used wooden furniture, it is a schoolish bureaucratic interrogation room. In the second act, a hotel coffee shop. In the third act, a no-frills Texas motel.”
“Psychos Never Dream”
"San Francisco Weekly" – “James Faerron has built an ideal split-level set, with crisp town scenes on top and disordered farm scenes below...”
"San Francisco Chronicle" – “...as James Faerron's inventively versatile set – beautifully used by Larson throughout – unfolds to reveal a stunningly shoddy ranch interior...”
“Five Flights”
"Curtain Up" – “James Faerron's abstract set manages to accommodate it all, including some modest projections to announce the "scenes" and a locker room encounter that creates a mini-hockey match with an empty shampoo bottle retrieved from an off-stage shower.”
"San Francisco Chronicle" – “Everything rises on an updraft with the script. James Faerron's set, exquisitely lit by David Szlasa, uses a few white benches and a French curve to say everything that's required.”
“Pancho and Lucy”
"San Francisco Chronicle" – “James Faerron's set, creatively lit by Jim Cave, is a perfect low-rent bar, from its odd art and half-working beer signs to its Elvis-bedecked corner bandstand….”
SF Guardian – “... sharply choreographed by codirector Erika Schuch on James Faerron's lovingly detailed, atmospheric set.”
“The Typographer’s Dream”
"San Francisco Chronicle" – “The stage is stripped to its bare walls for Faerron's creatively spare set, the floor covered with a network of schematic architectural outlines that will set up a clever homage-lampoon riff on Lars von Trier's "Dogville."”
“Soul of a Whore” 
"San Francisco Chronicle" – “Masha's, John's and HT's lives continue to intertwine with Jenks' as the action moves from bus station to intensive care unit to death row, each location beautifully suggested by shifts of the concrete-like, structural frames of James Faerron's set and changes in Jim Cave's architectural lights and Drew Yerys' ambient sound effects.”
“June in a Box”
"San Francisco Chronicle" – “Composer Beth Custer and accordionist Isabel Douglass strike up an engaging corrido, framed in an odd trapezoid window in the patchwork junkyard wall of James Faerron's striking set.”
“Stairway to Heaven”
"Oakland Tribune" – “...she cooks elaborate meals in a dingy apartment (the wonderfully stained, crumbling set is by James Faerron) and dictates her eloquent, poetic memories to Mickey, a possible junkie, who scribbles it all into a notebook.”

</doc>
<doc id="18702444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702444" title="Middlegreen">
Middlegreen

Middlegreen is a hamlet in the civil parish of Wexham in Buckinghamshire, England. It is located within the Metropolitan Green Belt bordering the north-east edge of Slough and close to the Slough Arm of the Grand Union Canal. Just to the south of the hamlet is the Middlegreen Trading Estate.

</doc>
<doc id="18702445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702445" title="Half Way House (Chatham, Massachusetts)">
Half Way House (Chatham, Massachusetts)

Half Way House is a historic house on Andrew Harding Lane in Chatham, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1920 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18702458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702458" title="Capt. Thomas Gray House">
Capt. Thomas Gray House

Capt. Thomas Gray House is a historic house at 14 Main Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1875 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702469" title="Harlow Homestead">
Harlow Homestead

Harlow Homestead is a historic house at 391 Main Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1878 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702480" title="Morning Tide">
Morning Tide

Morning Tide is the debut full length album by the band The Little Ones. It was released on July 28, 2008 on CD, digital download and 7" vinyl.

</doc>
<doc id="18702482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702482" title="Seth Hallett House">
Seth Hallett House

Seth Hallett House is a historic house at 110 Main Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts. The house was built in 1775 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702486" title="No. 121 Squadron RAF">
No. 121 Squadron RAF

No. 121 Squadron was a Royal Air Force (RAF) aircraft squadron that during the Second World War was one of the three Eagle Squadrons manned by American volunteers.
History.
In World War I.
No. 121 Squadron Royal Flying Corps (Royal Air Force from 1 April 1918) was formed at Narborough on 1 January 1918 as a day bomber squadron to operate the Airco DH.9. The squadron was equipped with Airco DH.4s for training, but due to delays with the DH.9 and the end of the war approaching, the squadron was disbanded on 17 August 1918 without becoming operational.
In World War II.
The squadron was reformed on 14 May 1941 as No. 121 (Eagle) Squadron at RAF Kirton-in-Lindsey, the second of three Eagle Squadrons manned by American volunteers. Equipped with the Hawker Hurricane, the squadron then converted to the Supermarine Spitfire and moved south to RAF North Weald to begin operations on channel sweeps and "Rhubarb" operations. On 15 November 1941 the squadron claimed its first enemy aircraft destroyed. The squadron then upgraded to cannon-armed Spitfire VBs and carried out offensive operations over the channel and providing bomber escorts.
To the USAAF.
In September 1942, the squadron moved to RAF Debden to be with the other Eagle squadrons. The squadron was transferred to the United States Army Air Forces as the 335th Fighter Squadron and officially disbanded as a RAF unit on 29 September 1942. The new squadron became part of the 4th Fighter Group of the Eighth Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="18702490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702490" title="Harwich Historic District">
Harwich Historic District

Harwich Historic District is a historic district in an irregular pattern on both sides of Main St., W to Forest St. and E to jct. of Rte. 39 and Chatham Road in Harwich, Massachusetts.
The district was built in 1846 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18702495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702495" title="NHMS">
NHMS

NHMS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18702496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702496" title="List of high-speed trains">
List of high-speed trains

The following is a list of high-speed trains, limited to conventional wheeled trains, that have been, are, or will be in commercial service.
A high-speed train is one intended for regular operations at speeds of over 200 km/h (125 mph), with a high level of service, and generally comprising multi-powered elements.
Standard hauled trains, often able to reach 200 km/h, such as French Corail or German IC trains, unconventional trains, such as maglev and transrapid, and prototypes are excluded.

</doc>
<doc id="18702503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702503" title="Gideon Hawley House">
Gideon Hawley House

Gideon Hawley is a historic house at 4766 Falmouth Road in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The Georgian style house was built in 1758 by missionary Gideon Hawley. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702510" title="Highland House (Truro, Massachusetts)">
Highland House (Truro, Massachusetts)

The Highland House is a historic hotel building, now serving as a museum, located at 27 Highland Light Road within the Cape Cod National Seashore
in Truro, Massachusetts. It is located in the Cape Cod National Seashore near the Highland Light in the Truro Highlands Historic District. The present two story wood frame building was constructed in 1907 by Isaac Small, whose family had been serving tourists in the area (among them Henry David Thoreau) since 1835.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. It is now known as Highland House Museum and is operated by the Truro Historical Society as a museum of local history.

</doc>
<doc id="18702520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702520" title="Jedediah Higgins House">
Jedediah Higgins House

The Jedediah Higgins House is a historic house on Higgins Hollow Road in North Truro, Massachusetts. It is one of the least-altered 19th century Cape style houses in the Cape Cod National Seashore, and an excellent early example of that style. It is a 1.5 story post-and-beam house, whose front facade typifies the Cape style: a central doorway flanked by windows on either side. Its interior floor plan is also typical, with two rooms on the south side and one large one to the north, with a central chimney. Interior finishes have also been preserved, including wood flooring, paneling, and wainscoting.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18702535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702535" title="Hawthorne Class Studio">
Hawthorne Class Studio

Hawthorne Class Studio is a historic studio off Miller Hill Road in Provincetown, Massachusetts.
The studio was built in 1900 and added to the National Historic Register in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18702545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702545" title="Mercelia Evelyn Eldridge Kelley House">
Mercelia Evelyn Eldridge Kelley House

Mercelia Evelyn Eldridge Kelley House is a historic house at 2610 Main Street in Chatham, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1877 and added to the National Historic Register in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18702547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702547" title="Lawrence Academy (Falmouth, Massachusetts)">
Lawrence Academy (Falmouth, Massachusetts)

Lawrence Academy is a historic school building at 20 Academy Lane in Falmouth, Massachusetts.
The academy was built in 1834 and added to the National Historic Register in 1998.
The building currently houses the Falmouth Chamber of Commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="18702548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702548" title="Josette Day">
Josette Day

Josette Day (Paris, July 31, 1914 - Paris, June 27, 1978) was a French film actress.
Born Josette Noëlle Andrée Claire Dagory, she began her career as an actress in 1919 at the age of five. Day was married in 1941 to famous French writer and director Marcel Pagnol, whom she met in January 1939.
In 1946, she played her best-known role, alongside Jean Marais, as Belle in Jean Cocteau's version of the classic French fairytale "Beauty and the Beast".
Her films include "Allo Berlin? Ici Paris!" (1932), "The Merry Monarch" (based on "Les Aventures du roi Pausole") (1933), "Lucrèce Borgia" (1935), "L'homme du jour" (1937), "Accord final" (1938), "La Belle et la Bête" (1946) and "Les Parents terribles" (1948).
Despite numerous parts in famous French films, Day ended her career as an actress in 1950 when only 36 years old. Divorced from Pagnol by then, she retired to marry a wealthy businessman.

</doc>
<doc id="18702563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702563" title="Le Gardeur Bridge">
Le Gardeur Bridge

The Le Gardeur Bridge is a beam bridge that connects the east end of the island of Montreal (borough of Pointe-aux-trembles, district of the pointe-aux-prairies) to Charlemagne, Quebec. 
The bridge has two different sections across the Rivière des Prairies which are separated by Île Bourdon. The length of the two structures is 297 meters (west) and 565 meters (east). 
Built in 1939, the bridge underwent a major reconstruction in 2001 as well as the addition of a reserved lane for the Metrobus on the eastern structure. The work included the demolition, reconstruction and widening of the bridge deck (that included the new transit lane) and its approaches as well as the rehabilitation of the 24 pillars. The Quebec Ministry of Transportation also made emergency repairs in 1999 to solidify the structure while frequent inspections were made between 1999 and the reconstruction of the bridge which was estimated at over $26 million.
The bridge is part of Quebec Route 138, which runs from the Canadian-US border southwest of Huntingdon to the Côte-Nord region via Trois-Rivières and Quebec City. It is one of only two river crossings at the eastern tip of Montreal to the Lanaudière region (Repentigny, Charlemagne and Lavaltrie areas), the other being the Charles de Gaulle Bridge on Quebec Autoroute 40.
Each day, approximatively 20,000 vehicles use the bridge, which is an alternative route to the more congested Charles de Gaulle Bridge during rush hours. The road has two lanes of traffic in each direction, together with sidewalks and a bicycle lane/path. On both sides of the bridge it is known as Rue Notre-Dame but immediately after crossing the bridge, westbound Route 138 turns into Sherbrooke Street via a new roundabout through most of the eastern half of the island including downtown Montreal.
A railway bridge used for Via Rail train service is located just west of the Pierre Le Gardeur Bridge. 
The bridge is named after Pierre Legardeur (1600–1648), former New France general and the first lord of Repentigny.

</doc>
<doc id="18702570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702570" title="Liberty Hall (Barnstable, Massachusetts)">
Liberty Hall (Barnstable, Massachusetts)

Liberty Hall is a historic building on Main Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The hall was built in 1859 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702571" title="Ana Pupedan">
Ana Pupedan

Ana Pupedan is a musical group from Pivka, Slovenia. The band was founded in 1992 by Simon Avsec (vocal, violin), Boštjan Požar (guitar, clarinet), Peter Žnidaršič (bass guitar), and Marko Doles (drums).
In the local Slovene dialect, "Ana Pupedan" means "One in the afternoon", but many mistakenly believe that the band's name stands for some girl.

</doc>
<doc id="18702576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702576" title="Whale Chine">
Whale Chine

Whale Chine is a geological feature near Chale on the south-west coast of the Isle of Wight, England (the Back of the Wight). One of a number of such chines on the island created by stream erosion of soft Cretaceous rocks, it is a narrow and steep coastal ravine dropping 140 feet through Lower Greensand rocks from clifftop farmland to Chale Bay.
Its name probably originates from the Wavell family, owners of the nearby Atherfield Farm between 1557 and 1636. It is reached from a car park on the A3055 coastal road, where a stream running parallel to the cliff takes a right-angled bend to descend to the beach. Access down the Chine to the beach is sporadically available via wooden steps, but is currently impossible due to their destruction by coastal erosion. Despite the steps forming part of a footpath and legal Right of Way (footpath C34, Chale Parish), the Isle of Wight Council refuses to repair them, stating that "major structural works at great expense would be required to make the path safe for use with no guarantee that such works would be a permanent solution." They have been inaccessible to the public since at least 2005 and subject to a "temporary closure" since then. 
Descent to the beach at Whale Chine is by some 126 wooden steps (closed since 2005). The cliffs here were formed in a lake about 100 million years ago, and are famous for their fossilised oysters, ammonites and lobsters.
Whale Chine was the location of the wreck of the cargo ship "Cormorant" on 21 December 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="18702580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702580" title="Lincoln House Club">
Lincoln House Club

Lincoln House Club is a historic club at 135 Bridge Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The Shingle Style building was constructed in 1899 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702586" title="Marconi-RCA Wireless Receiving Station">
Marconi-RCA Wireless Receiving Station

Marconi-RCA Wireless Receiving Station is a historic district at the junction of Old Comers Rd. and Orleans Rd. in Chatham, Massachusetts. It and its companion transmitter station at Marion were used for WCC, the busiest ship to shore radio station for most of the 20th century, replacing the original WCC site in South Wellfleet.
Station history.
In 1914, inventor Guglielmo Marconi sought a more permanent solution to his weather-induced radio station woes on Cape Cod. This need was made manifest by the damage and destruction wrought by nature at his
original 1903 South Wellfleet location. The erosion and wind damage suffered by Marconi's first Cape Cod station continues to this day. Almost the entirety of the historic station is now long gone over the cliffs onto the beach and into the waters of the Atlantic below. 
It was with great foresight that Marconi realized that a permanent (by 1914 commercial) presence would require a more inland and somewhat sheltered location. So it was that his Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company of America built his new receiver station in Chatham and its companion transmitter site forty miles to the west in Marion, Massachusetts through a contract with J.G. White Engineering Corp.
In 1920, the Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company of America sold the Chatham and Marion stations to the Radio Corporation of America. RCA removed all remaining Marconi equipment at the Chatham receiver station and converted it to a marine radio station for communications with ships at sea. In 1921 it was licensed under the callsign WCC for communications on 500 kHz, 750 kHz and 1 MHz. In 1922 RCA moved the transmitters to the Marion transmitter station to eliminate co-site interference to the sensitive receivers at Chatham.
The WCC marine radio transmitter equipment was moved to RCA's newly built ocean front transmitter site on Forest Beach Road in South Chatham, Massachusetts in 1948. The U.S. Air Force subsequently used the Marion facility for VLF broadcasts to its facilities in Greenland and the Arctic. RCA sold the Marion site to the U.S. Government in 1951 and the U.S. General Services Administration sold it to a private investor in 1960. Most of the 143 acres that comprised the Marion transmitter site was donated to the Sippican Lands Trust in 1986 and is publicly accessible. Radio Tower Property
In 1988, RCA Global Communications sold its WCC receiver site in Chatham and its Forest Beach transmitter site in South Chatham to Western Union International, a subsidiary of MCI Communications, as part of the breakup of RCA. Ten years later, MCI/Worldcom sold the WCC sites -- nearly 100 acres in total -- to the town of Chatham for a fraction of their value.
In 1993, WCC became a remotely controlled station, using fiber optic cable to receive signals, transmit signals and issue such commands such as rotating WCC's directional antennas. Even the keying of Morse Code (CW) and Radioteletype (RTTY) was issued remotely at this early date in the public internet's infancy. WCC was operated from KPH Radio in Point Reyes, California until its closing.
The Chatham WCC receiver site is now the Chatham Marconi Maritime Center, and the home of amateur radio station WA1WCC, licensed to the WCC Amateur Radio Association. The South Chatham transmitter site is now preserved as open space. 
The callsign WCC is now used by Globe Wireless for a Maryland station it operates to transmit automated e-mail-by-radio.
The station was the subject of the Mooncusser Films documentary "", narrated by Walter Cronkite and directed by Christopher Seufert.

</doc>
<doc id="18702589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702589" title="2008 Naina Devi temple stampede">
2008 Naina Devi temple stampede

A human stampede at the Hindu temple of Naina Devi occurred on 3 August 2008 in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh. 162 people died when they were crushed, trampled, or forced over the side of a ravine by the movement of a large panicking crowd. Witness accounts suggest that events were initiated after a rain shelter collapsed, which worshipers mistakenly took to be a landslide. There were as many as 3000 devotees at the Temple because it was a sacred place (called a "Shakti Peeth") in the holy month of Shraavana of the Hindu Calendar. According to Daljit Singh Manhas, a senior police officer from the area, at least 40 of the victims were children.
The Chief Minister of Himachal Pradesh, Prem Kumar Dhumal, announced a government compensation of Rs100,000 (approximately $2500 US) for those who died and Rs 50,000 (approximately $1250 US) for the seriously injured. 50,000 people had been expected to attend Naina Devi during the day of the stampede, as part of a nine-day festival which had just started. The pilgrimage resumed on the next day, 4 August 2008.
Gaurav Singh Saini, a 13 year old boy from Tohana, (A town located near Haryana-Punjab border) Haryana, saved 50-60 people during the stampede, and received the Bharat Award, the highest award at the 2009 National Bravery Award.
Stampede.
Devotees standing in a queue initially saw the collapse of a rain shelter. This triggered a false cry of "Landslide!" as it was raining on the day of the stampede. People reportedly tried to move outside the railings put up by the police for crowd control, but the police refused to allow any more movements. The railings later collapsed and people fell on each other, starting the stampede.
Reaction.
Rajnath Singh, the current leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party in India, responded to the stampede by releasing a statement in the hours after the disaster. "I am deeply saddened to learn about the tragic death of over 100 pilgrims. I convey my deep felt condolences to the family members of all those who have lost their lives or have been injured in the incident," he said.
Himachal Pradesh Chief Minister Prem Kumar Dhumal responded by announcing an inquiry into the incident.
The Vice President of India, Hamid Ansari, and the Speaker of Lok Sabha, Somnath Chatterjee, conveyed condolences to the families of those killed and injured in the incident.
"The Tribune" criticized the poor infrastructure and ill-maintained roads at the shrine, reporting that a team of doctors and paramedics were unable to reach the site of the accident until hours after the stampede. The "Times of India" observed that there had been no improvement in crowd management even though a similar stampede took place in the shrine in 1978 after rumors of a landslide spread, killing 65 people. The area around Naina Devi suffered a mobile-network jam due to the large number of phone calls by worried relatives.
Post-mortem report of victims.
Post-mortem examinations conducted on victims of the Naina Devi temple stampede confirmed that the deaths were caused by asphyxiation. Post-mortem reports of 101 bodies out of a total of 141 victims taken to the civil hospital at Anandpur Sahib in Punjab, 18 km from the site, have indicated compression of the chest causing asphyxiation and death, Sub-Divisional Magistrate (SDM) P C Akela said. Akela, who remained stationed at Anandpur Sahib after the incident, said post-mortems were not carried out on 40 of the dead at the request of their relatives.

</doc>
<doc id="18702592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702592" title="Hyannis Port Historic District">
Hyannis Port Historic District

Hyannis Port Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Massachusetts Ave. & Edgehill Rd., Hyannis Ave., Hyannis Harbor, and Scudder Avenue in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The district features Late 19th And 20th Century Revivals, Bungalow/Craftsman buildings, and Late Victorian architecture. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702597" title="John and Mary Waterman Jarves House">
John and Mary Waterman Jarves House

The John and Mary Waterman Jarves House is a historic house at 3 Jarves Street in Sandwich, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story Italianate wood frame house was designed and built by Charles Kirk Kirby in 1857. It was built for John Jarves, founder of the Cape Cod Glass Works, one of the major business in 19th century Sandwich. He was the son of Deming Jarves, founder of the Boston and Sandwich Glass Company.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002, and included in the Jarvesville Historic District in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18702599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702599" title="Hiruko the Goblin">
Hiruko the Goblin

Hiruko the Goblin () is a 1991 Japanese horror film directed by Shinya Tsukamoto and starring Kenji Sawada. It is based on a manga by Daijiro Morohoshi.
Plot.
Reijiro Hieda was known as a young and energetic archeologist, but he passed into oblivion since he began to advocate a heretical theory. One day, Hieda got a letter from Yabe who is his brother-in-law and a junior high school teacher. His letter said that he discovered the ancient tomb built to appease evil spirits. Hieda went to the field at once, but Yabe mysteriously disappeared with Reiko Tsukishima who is his student. On the other hand, Masao, the son of Yabe, was searching for his father with his friend in the school during summer vacation and Masao found Reiko. Then Masao was wrapped up in a mysterious atmosphere, and strange creatures appeared. Masao's back emitted smoke and ached suddenly. Hieda appeared, and he saved Masao then they searched for the premises and found a sea of blood and the neckless body. Then, they heard the woman's quiet singing voice. It was Reiko's voice.

</doc>
<doc id="18702605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702605" title="District of Columbia Democratic State Committee">
District of Columbia Democratic State Committee

The District of Columbia Democratic State Committee is the affiliate of the Democratic Party in the District of Columbia 
Democrats make up 75 percent of the registered voters in the District of Columbia, while 7 percent are registered with the Republican Party (represented by the District of Columbia Republican Committee), 1 percent with the D.C. Statehood Green Party, and 17 percent with no party or other.
Officers.
As of October 7, 2010, the committee's officers are

</doc>
<doc id="18702607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702607" title="Back in Black (song)">
Back in Black (song)

"Back in Black" is a song by AC/DC, appearing as the first track on side two of their 1980 album of the same name. Known for its opening guitar riff, the song was AC/DC's tribute to their former singer Bon Scott. His replacement Brian Johnson recalled to "Mojo" magazine in 2009 that when the band asked him to write a lyric for this song, "they said, 'it can't be morbid – it has to be for Bon and it has to be a celebration. He added: "I thought, 'Well no pressure there, then' (laughs). I just wrote what came into my head, which at the time seemed like mumbo, jumbo. 'Nine lives. Cats eyes. Abusing every one of them and running wild.' The boys got it though. They saw Bon's life in that lyric."
It peaked in the U.S. at No. 37 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1981 and was No. 51 on Billboard's Top Tracks chart, which debuted in March 1981. "Back in Black" received the RIAA's Master Ringtone Sales Award (Gold and Platinum) in 2006 and reached 2x Platinum status in 2007.
The song was ranked No. 4 by VH1 on their list of the 40 Greatest Metal Songs, and in 2009, it was named the second greatest hard rock song of all time by VH1. It was also ranked No. 187 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time. The same magazine has also ranked "Back in Black" No. 29 on "The 100 Greatest Guitar Songs of All Time".
In 2010, this song came No. 2 in Triple M's Ultimate 500 Rock Countdown in Melbourne, Australia. The top five were all AC/DC songs.
It officially charted on the UK charts after 31 years in release; peaking in at #27 as a result of AC/DC music becoming available on iTunes. It also reached #1 on the UK Rock Charts in the same week.
Sampling.
In 1984 the Beastie Boys sampled "Back in Black" without permission for their song "Rock Hard". In 1999, when they wished to include it on an upcoming CD compilation release, they sought permission but AC/DC refused. Mike D of the Beastie Boys quoted Malcolm Young's reason for refusing as: Nothing against you guys, but we just don't endorse sampling.
Art Brut usually began their song "Formed a Band" with the intro to "Back in Black" when they played it live. A recorded version of this can be found on their 2006 "Nag Nag Nag Nag" EP. Eminem released a version of his hit, "My Name Is", with "Back in Black" as the bassline. The song was also heavily sampled to by the Evolution Control Committee in creating the song "Rocked by Rape". In 2010, Limp Bizkit samples the song during live performances of "My Way."
Covers and other versions.
Two live versions of the song later appeared on both versions of the album "Live", as well as the Australian tour edition of "Stiff Upper Lip". It has been covered by bands such as Red Hot Chili Peppers, The Hives, Steriogram, Living Colour, Foo Fighters with Jack Black, Travis and Colombian pop singer Shakira. Other versions include:

</doc>
<doc id="18702617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702617" title="2000 Gold Flake Open – Singles">
2000 Gold Flake Open – Singles

Jérôme Golmard defeated Markus Hantschk 6–3, 6–7(6–8), 6–3 to win the 2000 Chennai Open singles event. Byron Black was the defending champion.

</doc>
<doc id="18702620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702620" title="Martin Laing">
Martin Laing

Sir John Martin Kirby Laing, CBE, DL, FRICS (born 18 January 1942) is a British entrepreneur in the construction industry. 
Martin Laing was executive chairman of John Laing plc, the firm founded by his great-great-grandfather James Laing (1816–1882), but resigned in 2001 when the company faced major losses in its construction business, ending 152 years and five generations of family management.
He is the son of Sir William Kirby Laing (born 1916) and the grandson of Sir John William Laing (1879–1978).
He was educated at St. Lawrence College, Ramsgate and Emmanuel College, Cambridge.
In 1985 he succeeded his father Sir Kirby Laing as chairman of John Laing plc. His uncle, Sir Maurice Laing, had also been chairman.
He was knighted in the New Year Honours 1997 for services to the construction industry.
In the "Sunday Times Rich List 2008" ranking of the wealthiest people in the UK he was placed 472nd with an estimated fortune of £175 million.

</doc>
<doc id="18702621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702621" title="Hinckley Homestead">
Hinckley Homestead

Hinckley Homestead is a historic house at 1740 South County Road in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The homestead was built in 1750 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702631" title="Sitalá">
Sitalá

Sitalá is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 7,959. It covers an area of 178.9 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18702632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702632" title="Hinckley's Corner Historic District">
Hinckley's Corner Historic District

Hinckley's Corner Historic District is a historic district at 0, 25, and 40 Way #112 in Wellfleet, Massachusetts.
The area was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18702646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702646" title="Capt. Joseph Hinckley House">
Capt. Joseph Hinckley House

Capt. Joseph Hinckley House is a historic house at 142 Old Stage Road in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The Greek Revival style house was built in 1850 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702648" title="Oktawia Kawęcka">
Oktawia Kawęcka

Oktawia Kawęcka (born 1985 in Radom, Poland) is a vocalist, flautist, arranger, and also the leader of her own band. She performs her own arrangements- different shades of jazz, worldwide standards of classical music which she arranges combining fresh and modern sounds at the same time keeping her attitude and devotion towards the mainstream jazz music. Her reportoire includes songs in Polish, English, French, Spanish, Greek, Portuguese and Italian. She is currently studying at F. Chopin Music Academy in Warsaw, Poland.
Oktawia Kawęcka has been performing since her childhood, winning many acclaimed awards at Polish and international music festivals, including for example Polish TV channel 1 award at the International Music and Dance Festival in Konin. Since her early years she has also performed in numerous theatre plays. She has recorded for radio and TV- Polish National Radio, Jazzradio, Radio Kraków, Polish TVP1, TVP2, TVP3 and Polsat TV stations.
Oktawia's debut album will be released in mid September 2008. Her modern arrangements put significant emotional emphasis on the Polish composers and their works. Apart from her own songs, the album includes a jazz waltz inspired by an Etude of Frédéric Chopin, works by Stanislaw Moniuszko, worldwide renowned jazz musician Michal Urbaniak, Jerzy Wasowski, Jeremi Przybora. Oktawia was one of the first musicians in Poland to record two songs composed by an Oscar-winning composer Bronislaw Kaper.

</doc>
<doc id="18702651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702651" title="Soyaló">
Soyaló

Soyaló is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 7,767. It covers an area of 178.9 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18702654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702654" title="Nymphus Hinckley House">
Nymphus Hinckley House

Nymphus Hinckley House is a historic house at 38 Bay Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1780 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702658" title="Francisco Cepeda">
Francisco Cepeda

Francisco Cepeda (Zepeda, Zepedas) (born in the province of La Mancha, Spain, 1532; died at Guatemala, 1602) was a Spanish Dominican missionary.
He became a Dominican at the convent of Ocaña, and was sent to Chiapas in Mexico. He was a very active missionary among the Indians. When differing modes of instructing them became an obstacle to their conversion, Cepeda was sent to Mexico to simplify the Indian grammars printed there, and obtain a standard for the guidance of the missionaries. 
Cepeda became Provincial of the Dominicans in Guatemala, 1593, and Commissary of the Inquisition.
Works.
The "Artes de los idiomas Chiapanecos, Zoque, Tzendal y Chinanteco" (probably the work of several authors) was published in 1560 under his name. The book no longer survives, but its former existence is well established, by Remesal at first, and by subsequent authors. It was the first book printed in America in four languages (five with the Spanish). The title is given variously, but the above is the correct one. 

</doc>
<doc id="18702664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702664" title="S. Alexander Hinckley House">
S. Alexander Hinckley House

S. Alexander Hinckley House is a historic house at 151 Pine Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1710 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702669" title="List of HD channels in the United Kingdom">
List of HD channels in the United Kingdom

This is a list of current high definition channels that are available in the United Kingdom, together with those coming in the future, and those that have ceased broadcasting.
All eighty-one HD channels in the UK broadcast at 1080i, except on Freeview, where HD channels can dynamically switch between 1080i50 and 1080p25.
There are currently twelve channels available to Freesat viewers, ten channels available to Freeview viewers, eighty channels available to Sky viewers and sixty channels available to Virgin TV viewers. However some channels may not be available in all areas because of issues such as ITV licence restrictions or limited capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="18702671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702671" title="Hyannis Road Historic District">
Hyannis Road Historic District

Hyannis Road Historic District is a historic district bounded by Old King's Hwy., Bow Ln., Cape Cod Branch RR tracks, and Hyannis Road in Barnstable, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18702678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702678" title="USS Cohoes (AN-78)">
USS Cohoes (AN-78)

USS "Cohoes" (YN-97/AN-78/ANL-78) was a "Cohoes"-class net laying ship which was assigned to protect U.S. Navy ships and harbors during World War II with her anti-submarine nets. Her World War II career was short lived; however, she was recommissioned during the Vietnam War where she earned nine campaign stars.
Constructed in Oregon.
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, "Cohoes" (AN-78) was launched 29 November 1944 by Commercial Iron Works, Portland, Oregon; sponsored by Mrs. W. W. Johnson; commissioned 23 March 1945, Lieutenant D. B. Little, USNR, in command; and reported to the U.S. Pacific Fleet.
World War II service.
After training at Pearl Harbor, "Cohoes" sailed 20 June 1945 for Eniwetok, arriving 2 July. She remained at Eniwetok installing, maintaining, and then removing the net line there until 16 October, when she sailed for Ponape, arriving 18 October to lay a mooring.
In Langar Roads, she salvaged and re-laid a Japanese mooring buoy, and performed similar operations in the Caroline Islands and in the Marshall Islands until 20 November, when she cleared Kwajalein for Pearl Harbor and San Francisco, California, arriving 12 December for duty at Tiburon Net Depot at Tiburon, California.
Post-war activity.
Cohoes served at Tiburon until 8 April 1946, when she sailed for duty at Astoria, Oregon. She returned to San Francisco 3 September, and remained there until 25 August 1947 when she sailed for San Diego, California, arriving 27 August.
Post-war inactivation.
There "Cohoes" was placed out of commission in reserve 3 September 1947.
Vietnam War service.
"Cohoes" was re-commissioned in 1968 and served in Vietnam. The Navy journal (DANFS) is not complete at this date, but other sources indicate that "Cohoes" was active in the Vietnam area based on the numerous campaign stars she was awarded:
Final inactivation.
"Cohoes" was decommissioned and struck from the Naval Register, 30 June 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="18702685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702685" title="Suchiapa">
Suchiapa

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 15,890. It covers an area of 355.2 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18702687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702687" title="Herman Isham House">
Herman Isham House

Herman Isham House is a historic house at 1322 Main Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1747 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702688" title="Bible and My Music, God &amp; Me">
Bible and My Music, God &amp; Me

Bible and My Music, God & Me is the debut album by Namibian rapper Tre Van Die Kasie. The album features production from The Dogg, Elvo and DJ Kboz. Prior to its release, the album became most anticipated, due to its long-time delay. The media praised the album's composition and structure, but criticise it for its poor marketing and promotion. It was accompanied by no video and lacked a professional radio single. Although When I’m Gone managed to chart, it was the only successful single from the album.
Title.
"Bible and My Music, God & Me" is not a gospel album, though people expected as such. The album combats on topics about life, love, and socio-economic issues. Most of the songs contain a fusion of hip hop and kwaito (hikwa), which earn the album comparison to Sunny Boy's, "Young, Black en Gifted".
Music.
""When I'm Gone"", ""Daai Gazie"", ""Dalla So"", and "Eedula Odaya" are the album's biggest hits. The song ""Mugus"" (meaning; cowards), featuring The Dogg and Sunny Boy is believed to be a diss to Mshasho critics. The second verse of ""Mugus"" Sunny Boy take shots at Uno Boy, for copying his style. He raps ""you copy my style, my dress code, and my naaame'a"".

</doc>
<doc id="18702694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702694" title="Self and Identity">
Self and Identity

Self and Identity is a subfield of psychology. As the name implies, it deals with topics pertaining to both self and identity. Key areas of investigation include self-concept, self-esteem, and self-control. 
What distinguishes self and identity as a discipline is its scientific character. Emphasis is placed on the empirical testing of systematic theories about relevant phenomena. Hence, its methodological approach differs from both philosophy and sociology.
Self and Identity incorporates elements from different areas of psychology. However, it owes particularly large debt to personality psychology and social psychology. 
References.
Leary, M. R., & Tangney, J. P. (Eds.). (2003). "Handbook of self and identity". New York: Guilford Press. 

</doc>
<doc id="18702696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702696" title="John Jenkins Homestead">
John Jenkins Homestead

John Jenkins Homestead is a historic house on Church Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1683 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702702" title="Jenkins-Whelden Farmstead">
Jenkins-Whelden Farmstead

Jenkins-Whelden Farmstead is a historic farm at 221 Pine Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1700 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702705" title="Paola Espinosa">
Paola Espinosa

Paola Milagros Espinosa Sánchez (born July 31, 1986 in La Paz, BCS) is an athlete from Mexico. She competes in diving and represented Mexico at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens and again at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, being her national team's flagbearer in the latter. She won a bronze medal in the 10m Synchronized Platform with her partner Tatiana Ortiz.
Espinosa won the gold medal in the 10 m platform at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships in Rome. In 2011 she participated at the 2011 Pan American Games where she won the gold medal at the 10m platform individual and synchronized events as well as gold in the 3 metre synchronized springboard event. She qualified to participate in both platform events at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She won silver in 10m Synchronized platform at the 2012 Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="18702707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702707" title="Harris, Oregon">
Harris, Oregon

Harris is an unincorporated community in Benton County, Oregon, United States. Harris lies on U.S. Route 20 just south of its interchange with Oregon Route 223 in Wren.

</doc>
<doc id="18702708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702708" title="Joseph Jenkins House">
Joseph Jenkins House

Joseph Jenkins House is a historic house at 310 Pine Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1750 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702709" title="Tumbalá">
Tumbalá

Tumbalá is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico. As of 2005, the municipality had a population of 26,866 . It covers an area of 109.3 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18702715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702715" title="Alexander Peloplaton">
Alexander Peloplaton

Alexander (Gr. ), surnamed Peloplaton (), a Greek rhetorician of the age of the Antonines, was a son of Alexander of Seleucia, in Cilicia, and of Seleucis. His father was distinguished as a pleader in the courts of justice, by which he acquired considerable property, but he died at an age when his son was too young to care for himself. His place, however, was supplied by his friends, especially by Apollonius of Tyana, who is said to have been in love with Seleucis on account of her extraordinary beauty, in which she was equaled by her son. His education was entrusted at first to the philosopher Favorinus, and afterwards to Dionysius. He spent the property his father had left to him on pleasures, but, says Philostratus, not contemptible pleasures.
When he had attained the age of manhood, the town of Seleucia, for some reason now unknown, sent Alexander as ambassador to the emperor Antoninus Pius, who is said to have ridiculed the young man for the extravagant care he bestowed on his outward appearance. He spent the greater part of his life away from his native place, at Antiochia, Rome, Tarsus, and traveled through all Egypt, as far as Ethiopia. It seems to have been during his stay at Antiochia that he was appointed Greek secretary to the emperor Marcus Aurelius, who was carrying on a war in Pannonia, around the year 174. On his journey to the emperor he made a short stay at Athens, where he met the celebrated rhetorician Herodes Atticus. He had a rhetorical contest with him in which he not only conquered his famous adversary, but gained his esteem and admiration to such a degree that Herodes honored him with an extremely expensive gift. One Corinthian, however, of the name of Sceptes, when asked what he thought of Alexander, expressed his disappointment by saying that he had found "the clay (Greek: "pelos"), but not Plato." This saying gave rise to the surname of Peloplaton. The place and time of his death are not known.
Philostratus gives the various statements which he found about these points. Alexander was one of the greatest rhetoricians of his age, and he is especially praised for the sublimity of his style and the boldness of his thoughts; but he is not known to have written anything. An account of his life is given by Philostratus, who has also preserved several of his sayings, and some of the subjects on which he made speeches.

</doc>
<doc id="18702720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702720" title="Capt. George Lovell House">
Capt. George Lovell House

Capt. George Lovell House is a historic house at 8 E. Bay Road in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1829 and renovated in the 1920s and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702732" title="Nehemiah Lovell House">
Nehemiah Lovell House

Nehemiah Lovell House is a historic house at 691 Main Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1789 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702736" title="Tapalapa">
Tapalapa

Tapalapa is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 3,639. It covers an area of 32.3 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18702744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702744" title="Marconi Wireless Station Site (South Wellfleet, Massachusetts)">
Marconi Wireless Station Site (South Wellfleet, Massachusetts)

The Marconi Wireless Station Site in South Wellfleet, Massachusetts is the site of the first transatlantic wireless communication between the United States and Europe. At this location, now in the Cape Cod National Seashore, inventor Guglielmo Marconi erected a large antenna array on four wooden towers, and established a transmitting station powered by kerosene engines that produced the 25,000 volts of power needed to send signals to a similar station in Poldhu, Cornwall, United Kingdom. The first transmissions received in North America by Marconi were at Signal Hill, St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador in 1901 and Glace Bay, Nova Scotia in 1902.
One of the station's most notable roles occurred with the sinking of the RMS "Titanic" in April 1912. Operators at the station were able to alert the RMS "Carpathia" so that the rescue of some of the "Titanic" passengers could be effected. The station was shut down in 1917 in part over concerns about its use in World War I, but also because its towers were threatened with erosion. In 1920, usable materials and equipment were removed from the site, and it was abandoned. Erosion has taken its toll over the years since then, and there is now little left.
The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18702751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702751" title="Hoskins, Oregon">
Hoskins, Oregon

Hoskins is an unincorporated community in Benton County, Oregon, United States. Hoskins lies west of Oregon Route 223's intersection with Hoskins Road. Hoskins is northwest of Wren and southwest of Kings Valley. The community was named after Fort Hoskins (built in 1856), which was itself named after a soldier who died in the Mexican–American War, Lt. Charles Hoskins.

</doc>
<doc id="18702754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702754" title="Marstons Mills Hearse House and Cemetery">
Marstons Mills Hearse House and Cemetery

Marstons Mills Hearse House and Cemetery is a historic site on MA 149 in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The site was built in 1780 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702756" title="History Lessons">
History Lessons

History Lessons () is a 1972 West German drama film directed by Danièle Huillet and Jean-Marie Straub. 

</doc>
<doc id="18702758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702758" title="880 West Broadway">
880 West Broadway

880 West Broadway is a building in San Diego that is in the design phase. Located on the northeastern corner of Broadway and Pacific Highway and adjacent to Union Station, 880 West Broadway will be a prominent structure in the skyline of San Diego once completed. Construction has not yet begun.

</doc>
<doc id="18702761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702761" title="Bucktown, Pennsylvania">
Bucktown, Pennsylvania

Bucktown is a historic, unincorporated village within South Coventry Township in Chester County, Pennsylvania, United States. Located at the intersection of Route 23 and Route 100, it is home to the Owen J. Roberts School District's main campus.
Like every village in the Coventry townships, Bucktown has many historical buildings. Local businesses that call Bucktown home include a real estate office, Sunoco gas station, bank, car dealership, church, restaurant, an auto garage, Hair Dresser, another auto garage, and a horse shop. Most of these businesses are located along Route 100.
A large dairy farm named Ridglea Farms used to exist just next to Bucktown. The farm consisted of a dairy store, restaurant and farm. However in the early 2000s, the owners sold their land to developers who created a large-scale neighborhood named Ridglea, and community living area for residents older than 55 years old. The restaurant still exists and is still popular with locals.
Bucktown took its name from Buck Tavern which stood upon one of the corners since 1790. In 1883 it had only six houses and a hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="18702764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702764" title="Methodist Church (Barnstable, Massachusetts)">
Methodist Church (Barnstable, Massachusetts)

Methodist Church is a historic church on Main Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1830 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702765" title="Totolapa">
Totolapa

Totolapa is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 5,513. It covers an area of 186.3 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18702773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702773" title="Monomoy Point Light">
Monomoy Point Light

Monomoy Point Light is a historic light in Chatham, Massachusetts.
The station was established in 1823. The first light was a wood tower and brick lantern room on top of the keeper's house. The current tower, one of the first made of cast iron, was built in 1849.
After the opening of the Cape Cod Canal in 1914, most vessels bound from south of the Cape to the Boston area took the shorter and safer route through the canal, so there was much less traffic past the light and the light was deactivated in 1923. 
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Monomoy Point Lighthouse on November 1, 1979, reference number 79000324.
The keeper's house is preserved and serves today as a guest house. The Lighthouse Preservation Society, the Massachusetts Audubon Society, and The Friends of Monomoy support preservation of the lighthouse and keeper's house. It lies within the Monomoy Wilderness.

</doc>
<doc id="18702775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702775" title="Tapilula">
Tapilula

Tapilula is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 10,349. It covers an area of 126.7 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18702779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702779" title="How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying (disambiguation)">
How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying (disambiguation)

How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying is a 1961 musical adapted by Frank Loesser with Abe Burrows, Jack Weinstock, and Willie Gilbert. 
How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18702780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702780" title="William Marston House">
William Marston House

William Marston House is a historic house at 71 Cotuit Road in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1780 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702782" title="Battle of the Western Isles">
Battle of the Western Isles

The Battle of the Western Isles was a Scottish clan battle, fought in 1586 on the Isle of Jura, in the Scottish Highlands. It was fought between the Clan MacDonald of Sleat and the Clan MacLean. 

</doc>
<doc id="18702785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702785" title="Johnny Byrne (choreographer)">
Johnny Byrne (choreographer)

Choreographer Johnny Byrne graduated from North Carolina School of the Arts and was discovered by David LaChapelle while touring with Paul Taylor Dancers at age 18. Johnny is the first choreographer to be recognized by Rolling Stone Magazine for Best Choreography in a Live Concert Elton John's Red Piano, currently playing in Vegas. Johnny's award winning choreography is critically acclaimed.
Choreographer.
Music Video 
Commercial: 
Live Concert: 

</doc>
<doc id="18702789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702789" title="Merrill Estate">
Merrill Estate

Merrill Estate is a historic estate at 1874 S. County Road in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The estate was built in 1750 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702794" title="Tenejapa">
Tenejapa

Tenejapa is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 33,161. It covers an area of 99.4 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18702798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702798" title="Lewisburg, Oregon">
Lewisburg, Oregon

Lewisburg is an unincorporated community in Benton County, Oregon, United States. Lewisburg lies at the intersection of Oregon Route 99W and Lewisburg Avenue. Lewisburg is north of Corvallis and west of Albany.
The 1911 Lewisburg Hall and Warehouse Company Building, listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in the community. The building is also known as "Mountain View Grange No. 429". It is currently used as an Eastern Orthodox church, and special events center.

</doc>
<doc id="18702808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702808" title="Charles de Gaulle Bridge">
Charles de Gaulle Bridge

The Charles de Gaulle Bridge is a bridge that links the eastern tip of the island of Montreal, Quebec over the Rivière des Prairies to the Lanaudière region near the city of Charlemagne. The bridge is named after President of the Republic of France Charles de Gaulle who inspired the sovereignty movement in Quebec during the 1960s with his Vive le Québec libre speech in Montreal in 1967 the same year the bridge was built.
The bridge is part of Quebec Autoroute 40 and is only one of two bridge crossings from Montreal to the Repentigny/Charlemagne region with the other being the Pierre Le Gardeur Bridge on Notre-Dame Street. As being by far the fastest link to downtown Montreal, the road is often very congested during rush hours with traffic backing up as far as Repentigny in the morning with heavy congestion eastbound during the afternoon. The bridge is also part of the fastest travel link between Montreal and the cities of Trois-Rivières and Quebec City both located on the northern shores of the Saint Lawrence River.
The bridge has three lanes of traffic in each direction. The six-lane segment on A-40 eastbound continues until after the Quebec Autoroute 640 junction.

</doc>
<doc id="18702809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702809" title="Municipal Group Historic District">
Municipal Group Historic District

Municipal Group Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Main, Municipal Bldgs., South, and Pearl Streets in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The district features late 19th And 20th Century Revivals, Queen Anne architecture, and other architectural styles. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702810" title="Days Awake">
Days Awake

Days Awake is an American rock band from Asbury Park, New Jersey. Collectively they were the recipients of eleven Asbury Music Awards.
History.
Days Awake appeared at The Saint in Asbury Park for two well attended reunion shows on 4 November 2008 and 6 April 2009.
Lollapalooza's Last Band Standing.
In Summer of 2006, Days Awake was selected among hundreds of amateur bands by Perry Farrell as one of America's best 20 live performers. However, the band withdrew honorably from the contest in the final week of preliminary voting, citing apparent unfair voting practices via internet bots as being contrary to the spirit of the contest.
The Rick Barry Era.
From November 2006 through April 2007, members of the Days Awake band performed a number of special appearances in Asbury Park and New York City together with lead vocalist Rick Barry.
Days Awake and Lance Larson: Building a Bridge.
Members of Days Awake performed multiple shows with Lance Larson in 2006 and 2007. They were involved in the recording of his album, Song for a Soldier, which was released in 2007.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18702819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702819" title="Mill Way Historic District">
Mill Way Historic District

Mill Way Historic District is a historic district on Mill Way Road in Barnstable, Massachusetts.

</doc>
