<doc id="18581924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18581924" title="Kuban-Black Sea Oblast">
Kuban-Black Sea Oblast

Kuban Black Sea Oblast () was an administrative division (an "oblast") of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic which existed in 1920–1924.
When Soviet power was re-established in the region of Kuban in March 1920, the executive power in the region formally belonged to the Provisional Kuban Executive Committee, established on March 18, 1920. On March 27, 1920, the committee's duties were transferred to the Kuban Oblast Revolutionary Committee, which supervised the territories of Kuban Oblast and Black Sea Governorate. On March 29, 1920, the committee was renamed "Kuban Black Sea Revolutionary Committee", and as a result of that the joint territory of Kuban Oblast and Black Sea Governorate started to be referred to as "Kuban Black Sea Oblast", after the committee's new name, although no formal decrees establishing a new administrative unit had been passed. The new oblast was not officially recognized until December 7, 1920.
On August 7, 1920, the jurisdiction over Kuban Black Sea Oblast, as well as over several neighboring territories, was transferred to the Revolutionary Soviet of the South-East Russian Labor Army. Although the Soviet itself ceased to exist in the 1921, the territory of its jurisdiction continued to be informally known as "South-East" (sometimes also as "South-Eastern Krai" or "South-Eastern Oblast").
Kuban Black Sea Oblast ceased to exist on February 13, 1924, when it was re-organized into four okrugs of South-Eastern Oblast (Krai).

</doc>
<doc id="18581933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18581933" title="M. A. Ayyangar">
M. A. Ayyangar

Madabhushi Ananthasayanam Ayyangar (February 4, 1891 – March 19, 1978) was the first Deputy Speaker and then Speaker of Lok Sabha in the Indian Parliament. He was Governor of Bihar also.
He was born in Thiruchanoor, Chittoor district of Madras Presidency.
He was teacher in Mathematics and later became a lawyer between 1915 -1950. Inspired by Mahatma Gandhi he participated actively in Indian Freedom Struggle and was jailed twice.
He was elected as member of Central Legislative Assembly in 1934. He was elected to the first Lok Sabha from Tirupathi and to the second Lok Sabha from Chittoor constituencies in 1952 and 1956 respectively.
He was elected in 1948 as Deputy Speaker of Lok Sabha with Ganesh Vasudev Mavalankar as the Speaker. Later in 1956 he was elected as Speaker of Lok Sabha. He worked as Governor of Bihar between 1962 and 1967.
A life size bronze statue of this celebrated statesman was erected at his hometown Tirupathi in 2007.
Personal life.
M. A. Ayyangar was born on 4 February 1891 in village Thirichanur of Chittoor district to Shri M.Venkatavaradhachariar. He was married to Shrimati Choodammal in 1919, he had 4 sons and 8 daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="18581934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18581934" title="Avar–Andi–Dido peoples">
Avar–Andi–Dido peoples

The Avar–Andi–Dido peoples consists of 13 small ethnic groups plus the much larger Caucasian Avar peoples. Since the 1930s there have been attempts to classify them all as Avars, but the 2002 Russian Census presents a broad variety of designations of these people.
Ethnic subgroups.
Avar is a collective term, Avar–Andi–Dido peoples, that is often used to describe probably more than fifteen distinct ethnic groups living in the foothills of the mountain slopes Russia's Dagestan Republic. They are often classified into the following subgroups:

</doc>
<doc id="18581951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18581951" title="2000 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
2000 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 2000 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was the 114th edition of the GAA's premier gaelic football competition. It was played between May and October 2000. This was the final year that the provincial knockout format was used before the qualifier system was introduced in 2001. The final, between Kerry and Galway, went to a replay for the first time since the 1996 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final. Kerry claimed their 32nd All-Ireland football title with 0-17 to 1-10 victory in the replay.
Format.
The Ulster, Munster and Connacht championships were conducted as straight knock-out competitions. The Leinster championship consisted of a round robin format between Wicklow, Wexford, Longford and Carlow to determine the 8th team to play in the Leinster quarter finals. The winners of each provincial competition went on to play in the All Ireland semi-finals. 
Leinster Senior Football Championship.
Round robin stage.
Wexford qualify as 8th team for the Leinster Championship

</doc>
<doc id="18581952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18581952" title="Christopher Münch">
Christopher Münch

Christopher Münch (born June 17, 1962) is an American film director, screenwriter and producer.
Biography.
Münch was born in 1962 in Pasadena, California and grew up with his mother in La Jolla, San Diego. When he was 15 years old, he directed a prize-winning documentary about the animals at the San Diego Zoo.
In 1991 he directed "The Hours and Times", a fictionalised account of the relationship between John Lennon and his manager Brian Epstein. This premièred at the Toronto Film Festival and won awards at the Sundance Film Festival, the Berlin International Film Festival and the Independent Spirit Awards. His 1996 film "Color of a Brisk and Leaping Day" won an Independent Spirit Award and an award for Best Cinematography at the Sundance Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18581970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18581970" title="Garfield Park, Chicago">
Garfield Park, Chicago

Garfield Park, Chicago may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18581980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18581980" title="Mar Theophilos Training College, Trivandrum">
Mar Theophilos Training College, Trivandrum

Mar Theophilus Training College is a Syro-Malankara Catholic Church teacher training college. It is administered by the Metropolitan Archbishop of Trivandrum.
MTTC was in 1956 as an affiliated College to the University of Kerala, with J.Y. Thampi Haris as the first Principal. A. Mercykutty is the current Principal.
MTTC offers courses for Bachelor of Education and Master of Education degrees. At present the college has 9 permanent faculty members. New buildings were constructed between 1998 and 2001, in order to facilitate MTTC becoming the first college in Kerala State with all the specifications set by the National Council of Teacher Education.

</doc>
<doc id="18581984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18581984" title="Jaime Pieras, Jr.">
Jaime Pieras, Jr.

Jaime Pieras (May 19, 1924 - June 11, 2011) was a United States federal judge
Born in San Juan, Puerto Rico, Pieras obtained a B.A. from Catholic University of America in 1945 and his J.D. from Georgetown University in 1948. He served as a Second Lieutenant in the United States Army immediately after World War II, from 1946 to 1947. Immediately after his graduation from law school, he entered private practice in Puerto Rico in 1949 until 1982, when nominated to the bench. He was appointed as a Federal District Judge in the District of Puerto Rico by President Ronald W. Reagan in 1982 to a new seat created by 92 Stat. 1629, and was confirmed by the United States Senate on July 14 of that year, and received his commission the following day. On August 1, 1993 he assumed senior status but continued handling a significant work load until he fell ill. He died on June 11, 2011. 
Judge Pieras previously served as Puerto Rico's Republican National Committeeman while serving as an attorney in private practice. As a Senior Judge he remained active in the court, handling a number of cases assigned by the District's Chief Judge until shortly before his death.

</doc>
<doc id="18581994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18581994" title="Gull Lake (Cass County, Minnesota)">
Gull Lake (Cass County, Minnesota)

Gull Lake is a lake in the U.S. state of Minnesota, located in Cass County and Crow Wing County. It is one of the largest lakes in the Brainerd, Minnesota-Baxter, Minnesota area and also one of the most popular. Of the seven Gull Lakes in Minnesota, this Gull Lake is the largest in area and shoreline. The shoreline is highly developed with residential and commercial interests. For each shoreline mile there are 27.8 homes or cabins. There are 19 resorts on Gull Lake, including notably Cragun's, Madden's and Grand View Lodge.
History.
Gull Lake was raised approximately five feet by the construction of Gull Lake Dam about a half mile down Gull River from the lake's outlet. The dam began service in 1912. Prior to this, logging interests would build temporary dams at the site. The dam was the final Mississippi Headwaters reservoir dam. Colonel Francis R. Shunk and George Freeman designed Gull Lake dam. Both are more well known for designing the Lock and Dam Number 1 on the Mississippi River in 1917 in Minneapolis, MN.
The site of the Gull Lake Dam has particular prehistoric archaeological significance. Under the site there have been found at least 12 burial mounds as well as several partial mounds. All are thought to originate from the Woodland American Indian tribes, which resided in the area from 800 B.C. to A.D. 200, returning later to inhabit the area from A.D. 600 to A.D. 900. The National Register of Historic Places recognizes these burial mounds.
Physical features.
At surface area, Gull Lake is the largest lake within the city limits of East Gull Lake, Minnesota. The lake's maximum depth is with nearly 30% of the lake only or less. These shallow waters consist primarily of sand and gravel. There are also areas of rubble and boulder.
Gull lake is long and wide, with a median depth of . Gull lake is part of the Crow Wing watershed. The shoreland is zoned for general development.
Stony Brook stream's mouth is at Gull Lake. The brown trout of Stony Brook were recently noticed as threatened by the recreational activity on Gull Lake. The stream's natural habitat for trout has been a focus point of restoration work by local anglers and MDNR fisheries biologists.
Wildlife.
There are over 35 species of aquatic life in the water of Gull Lake, which help to maintain a large fish population. The emergent bulrush plant is especially important for providing a habitat for bass and panfish species.
Anglers are attracted to the stocked walleye population in Gull Lake. Since 2003, at least 2,825,000 fry Walleye have been stocked into Gull Lake by the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources. As of 2007 the average length and weight of a walleye in Gull lake was and . Another popular catch is Northern Pike, whose length and weight are, on average, and , respectively.
The Gull Chain.
The Gull Chain of Lakes, for which Gull Lake is the namesake and largest member, is a collection of eight connected lakes and two bays:
The chain collectively covers and its shores host over 2,500 homes. The chain spans across Cass County, MN and Crow Wing County, MN.
Squaw Point name change.
On August 6, 2007, the MDNR Commissioner approved name changes to many bodies of water in Cass County containing the derogatory word Squaw. Along with Squaw Point of Leech Lake, Squaw Lake and Squaw Pond, the locally popular Squaw Point of Gull Lake legally became Gull Point.
Towns near Gull Lake.
Lake Shore, Minnesota
External links.
Photo taken from Gull Four Seasons Resort on the east shore of Gull Lake in the City of Nisswa MN. www.Gull4Seasons.com

</doc>
<doc id="18581996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18581996" title="Yamaha XF50X">
Yamaha XF50X

The Yamaha XF50 (marketed as the C3 in North America, Vox in Japan, and Giggle in Europe) is a liquid cooled 49cc four-stroke motor scooter made by Yamaha Motor Company. It is notable for the 9-gallon capacity of the under-seat storage compartment, and a distinctively "box"-like rear section and seat which accommodates it.
Fuel Economy.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency mileage estimates for the C3 are up to 115 miles per gallon (2L per 100 km), depending upon how it is ridden, maintenance, road conditions, cargo, and driver/passenger weight.
Speed Limitations.
In North America, the C3's top speed is limited by the factory via a washer on the end of the boss shaft of the V-belt transmission. This washer limits how close the belt sheaves can come together, thus limiting the potential front diameter of the belt at full throttle. Removal of the washer is possible with simple tools and will increase the top speed to an RPM limited of 40 mph, although damage caused by modification is excluded from the Yamaha warranty.
In Europe the Giggle Primary sheave variator (Part No 15PE76200000 ) is different from its US C3 version (Part No 3XYE7620010). This limits the Giggle to 31 MPH, even down hill. However the US version is freely available in the UK, NL & Germany. With no further modification it will allow the Giggle to get to 38MPH on level roads and >40 mph down hill. The effect of removing the tiny washer that sits between the two 'cones' is a gain of 1-2 mph however research has shown that moving the washer behind the primary Sheave has the same effect and improves the geometry of the V-belt. These modifications may contravene the law in certain EU states and void insurance !
The Giggle also has a slightly lower rev limit.

</doc>
<doc id="18582002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582002" title="Kým nás máš">
Kým nás máš

"Kým nás máš" (While you have us) was the Slovak entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1996, sung by Marcel Palonder in the Slovak language.
The song was performed twenty-second on the night, following Bosnia & Herzegovina's Amila Glamočak with "Za našu ljubav" and preceding Sweden's One More Time with "Den vilda". At the close of voting, it had received 19 points, placing eighteenth in a field of twenty three.
It was succeeded as Slovak representative at the 1998 contest by Katarína Hasprová with "Modlitba".

</doc>
<doc id="18582009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582009" title="UKFast">
UKFast

UKFast.Net Ltd or UKFast is a Manchester-based business-to-business hosting provider, offering bespoke dedicated and virtual hosting solutions within the UK web hosting industry. UKFast looks after 250,000 e-commerce web sites.
Its headquarters are located at the top of the city tower making it the highest office space in Manchester city centre. Its servers are located in three independent data centers in both Manchester and London, MANOC1, MANOC2 and Telehouse North (London). MANOC (Manchester Network Operation Centre) was originally set up at Manchester Universities Computer Building, the home of the world's first computer.
UKFast hosts hundreds of thousands of domain names on its internet servers. Customers such as UKTV and BP employ it to host their websites. The company is expanding by organic growth and sales have risen 67% a year from £1.4m in 2005 to £6.4m in 2008. Figures for the year ending 31 December 2010 report a turnover of £12,172,039.
UKFast Training and Personal Growth
UKFast owns a training property in Snowdonia comprising a house, a cottage and a static caravan, which combines as a training centre and recreational escape for staff. Employees experience climbing weekends in Snowdon which promote camaraderie between departments and promotes a healthy lifestyle.
UKFast.TV
Training videos are also available to employees on iPods which are frequently updated with new material.
Company history.
UKFast was founded in September 1999 by Lawrence Jones and his wife Gail. UKFast has won 7 ISPA's awards in 6 consecutive years, including "Best Hosting Provider", "Best Dedicated Hosting Provider Award" and "Best Customer Service"
UKFast was ranked 70th in the Small Companies sub-category of the Sunday Times list of "Best Companies To Work For Award" for 2010
UKFast won the 2008 MEN (Manchester Evening News) Business of the year (£10m category) whilst the managing director Lawrence Jones won "Young Director of the Year 2007". In October 2011, Lawrence Jones was nominated North West Entrepreneur of the Year at the EN business awards 
Deloitte Fast 50 ranked UKFast as 3rd fastest growing company in the North and the 28th in the UK in 2008.
In September 2009 UKFast entered the Sunday Times TechTrack 100 at number 38 making it the fastest growing hosting company in the UK and the fastest growing technical company in Manchester.
UKFast was the only SME in the North West to win a place in the UK's 50 Best Workplaces 2011, according to the Great Places To Work institute.
Sponsorship.
The company signed a record £2.5m sponsorship deal with the Sale Sharks Rugby Club in May 2009. Lawrence Jones announced on his personal blog that the 3 year sponsorship deal that would have taken UKFast's involvement with the Sharks to 12 years would be cut short. UKFast also sponsors Airwaves-Yamaha one of the British Superbike teams.
UKFast partners with Manchester Camerata, a Manchester based chamber orchestra.
Corporate Social Responsibility.
UKFast sponsored a high profile celebrity fund raising event in July 2009 hosted by Sarah Ferguson the Duchess of York. The Duchess teamed up with co-founders Gail and Lawrence Jones, directors of UKFast, who contributed financially to the Duchess on the Estate Project. The purpose of the sponsorship was to raise money for a community project in Northern Moor in Sale. The "Duchess on the Estate" was televised on ITV and successfully raised enough funds to complete the centre and raise awareness in the area.
UKFast sponsors Five Stars Scanner Appeal to help raise £250,000 for a new MRI scanner, to be housed at the Royal Manchester Children's Hospital.
UKFast teams up with skin cancer charity Factor 50 to help them raise awareness and funding for continued research.

</doc>
<doc id="18582025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582025" title="Brahacharanam">
Brahacharanam

Brahacharanam is a sub-sect of the Iyer community of Tamil Brahmins. The word "Brahacharanam" is a corruption of the Sanskrit word Brhatcharanam (). Like other Iyer communities, they follow the "Advaita" philosophy propounded by Adi Shankara. However, the Brahacharanam are more Saivite than the Vadamas. The Brahacharanams, along with the Vadamas, form the major portion of the Kerala Iyer community.
The Brahacharanams, like the Vadamas, have a distinctive martial tradition which differentiate them from other Iyer communities. Members of the community served as "Senapatis" or army commanders under the Chola kings Raja Raja Chola I and Rajendra Chola I.
Etymology.
The word "bruhat" in Sanskrit means "great", "vast" or "significant" and the word "charanam" refers to feet. The name Brahacharanam can be thus literally translated as "feet of the greats" referring to the status of a Guru, and the Brahacharanam being those who follow in the footsteps of the Greats.
Origins.
Their exact origins are not clear but their presence in the Tamil Kingdoms extends back at least to the reign of Parantaka Chola II, who is said to have "brahmarayars" as ministers. Many of the agraharam villages of the Brahacharanam also have very ancient origins.
According to some, they made their way into the Tamil country through the Satyamangalam Pass.
BrahaCharanam means Brahath means Vedas and Acharanam means one who follows verbatam. So it means strict follower of Vedic rituals.
Sub-groups.
The Brahacharanam are divided into the following subgroups:
A significant number of Brahacharanams have migrated to Kerala, where they are part of the Kerala Iyer community. They have also migrated in large numbers to Puttur in Andhra Pradesh where they form the Puthur Dravida community.
Culture.
Most Brahacharanam are worshippers of Shiva, and they cover their forehead with sacred ashes. Some used to wear the symbol of linga on their heads. However, the Sathyamangalam group have some members who wear the vaishnava mark.
Women also dress like other Iyers. In the ancient times, the cloth worn by the women used to be of little more than a knee's length. Among the Milaganur Brahacharanam, the Adrishya Pondugal ceremony is celebrated in which four women, a widow and a bachelor are invited to a feast. This was done in order to propitate four women who disappeared due to the ill treatment of their mothers in law.
It has been documented that some Bracharanam who lived in places like Mangudi were such rigid saivaites that they would not even utter Govinda's name and lived a life of Stern austerity.
Traditional Role.
The traditional function of Brahacharanams is to study and impart Vedic knowledge or officiate as priests in religious functions. However, there is evidence that in ancient times, they might have also served in the army or in civil and administrative services. During the Chola period, members of the community (especially the Pazhamaneri Brahacharanam) even served as army commanders. Senapathi Krishnan Raman was the Commander-in-chief of the Imperial Chola army of Rajendra Chola I. Brahacharanam also consider themselves to be among the first followers of Adi Shankaracharya.
List of Brahacharanams.
Some famous Brahacharanams are:

</doc>
<doc id="18582058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582058" title="Cootie Brown (band)">
Cootie Brown (band)

Cootie Brown is an American fusion band from State College, Pennsylvania. Their music spans many genres such as jazz, funk, reggae, rock, and world music. They have three studio releases to date.
History.
Originally formed by Brian Eckert (guitar) in 2003, along with Phil Gardner (drums) and Brian Stumpf (bass), the trio wrote a dozen songs and performed locally. The trio disbanded in early 2004 and remained inactive until Eckert moved to bass guitar and reformed the band with all new members. The only tie between the original trio and the new members, other than Eckert, was a song called "Dakota" that Stumpf & Eckert wrote together in 2003. In November 2005, Ryan Alford (guitar) joined Eckert and the two began writing new songs. Jacob Haqq-Misra (percussion) joined in January 2006, Jim DeVoss (drums) in April. The four played locally and kept writing original material throughout the summer of 2006. In August of that year, Matt Fern (guitar) and Michael Fortunato (woodwinds) joined the group. In October, Jordan Thomspon (keys) responded to an ad placed in a local music store, and the group then completed its current lineup.
Band members.
Brian Eckert - bass, didjeridoo, percussion, and vocals<br>
Ryan Alford - guitar<br>
Jacob Haqq-Misra - percussion and vocals<br>
Jim DeVoss - drums<br>
Matt Fern - guitar and vocals<br>
Michael Fortunato - saxophone, flute, clarinet, whistle and vocals<br>
Jordan Thompson - keyboards and piano
Discography.
"Meltdown" (2007) Breeze Records<br>
"Strikes Back!!!" (2007) Breeze Records<br>
"Out of the Bleu" (2007) Breeze Records
References.
"The Daily Collegian" "Lemont Village To Feature Rookie Student Group" July 13, 2006<br>
"The Centre Daily Times" "On The Scene: Cootie Brown" February 14, 2007 <br>
"The Centre Daily Times" "On The Scene: Cootie Brown Release Trifecta" September 28, 2007<br>
"Pennsylvania Musician Magazine" "CD Reviews: Cootie Brown - Out of the Bleu" May 2008

</doc>
<doc id="18582059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582059" title="James Abegglen">
James Abegglen

James Christian Abegglen (1926–2007) was an American business theorist and Professor in Management and Economics at Sophia University. He was one of the founders of the Boston Consulting Group (BCG) in 1963, and the first representative director of its Tokyo branch, founded in 1966. 
Biography.
Abegglen was born in Michigan. After graduation from Harvard and the University of Chicago, he served in the Third Marine Division to fight at Guadalcanal Island and Iwo Jima.　As World War II ended, he left in 1945 for Hiroshima as a member of the United States Strategic Bombing Survey (USSBS). He visited Japan again in 1955 as a researcher of the Ford Foundation, to study Japanese industrial organization and personnel practices.
Abegglen lived permanently in Japan with his Japanese wife after 1982 and took Japanese nationality in 1997.
Abegglen served successively as professor and director of the Graduate School of Comparative Culture at Sophia University, Chairperson of Asia Advisory Service K.K., and dean emeritus of Globis University in 2006. He taught "Management of Japanese Enterprises" at that school until his death from cancer on May 2, 2007.
Work.
Abegglen's academic interests centered on Japanese enterprises and economic systems and their priority to western capitalism.
The Japanese Factory.
The "The Japanese Factory" published in 1958, pointed out the following features of employment and the strength of their mechanism in Japanese corporations:
Those employment practices, in strong contrast with the West, often at first startled and intrigued people in the United States, thus his book became a best-seller.
Criticism.
Abegglen was widely regarded as a reliable guide to Japan by Western business interests in the post-war era. Critics like Eamonn Fingleton argue, however, that he "regarded his principal function as doing public relations on behalf of the Japanese establishment," that he misled Western leaders and the Western public about the openness of Japanese markets, and that he kept his change of nationality secret.
Publications.
Abegglen authored and co-authored ten books on Japan. A selection:

</doc>
<doc id="18582068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582068" title="Bavarian branch lines">
Bavarian branch lines

Bavarian branch lines comprised nearly half the total railway network in Bavaria, a state in the southeastern Germany that was a kingdom in the days of the German Empire. The construction era for branch lines lasted from 1872, when the first route, from Siegelsdorf to Langenzenn, was opened, to 1930, when the last section of the branch from Gößweinstein to Behringersmühle went operational.
History.
The first German railway line was opened in Bavaria in 1835. This was the "Ludwigsbahn" (Ludwig’s Railway) from Nuremberg to Fürth which opened on 7 December 1835. This was the start of a railway building frenzy, which rapidly spread across the state. The second Bavarian railway line, from Munich to Augsburg, soon followed. The early railways were private lines, but from 184?, the Bavarian state oversaw the construction of railways, through its state-owned railway company, the Royal Bavarian State Railways. The most important routes were established first, of course, and became the 'main lines', the backbone of the Bavarian railway network which has lasted to the present day.
The First Branch Lines - "Vizinalbahnen".
The first branch lines to appear in Bavaria – indeed in Germany – were the so-called "Vizinalbahnen" ('neighbourhood lines'). This was a legal term and envisaged the costs of real estate acquisition and line construction being raised locally, whilst profits would be shared between state and district, in accordance with the statuted dated 29 April 1869.
The first line to be built was the 5.5 kilometre stretch from Siegelsdorf to Langenzenn opened on 25 May 1872. Over the next seven years a further 14 "Vizinalbahnen" were built, including the Bavarian Ostbahn route from Wiesau – Tirschenreuth.
Compared to the main lines, the regulations for these branch lines were relaxed. Steep inclines (up to 1:25), tight curves (100 m) and a narrower subgrade were permitted; as were lighter rails (or used main line rails), lighter vehicles and lower speeds. All the lines were standard gauge. Narrow gauge lines were much rarer in Bavaria than in other states.
The "Sekundärbahnen".
Because the "Vizinalbahnen" did not generate the returns expected and the state had to bail them out to a large extent, a new statute appeared on 28 April 1882 which introduced a new category of branch line the "Sekundärbahn" ('secondary line'). These would be constructed at state expense. In fact, only one true "Sekundärbahn" was built – the line from Gemünden to Hammelberg, now part of a single-track main line. Nevertheless, the name stuck and passed into Bavarian folklore, continuing to be used to refer to branch lines. Although not an official "Sekundärbahn", the line from Erlangen to Gräfenberg and its locomotives were nicknamed the "Seekuh". The story goes that a railway inn called the "Sekundärbahn" was having its sign painted. It was left half-finished overnight with only the letters 'Seku' completed. Hence the nickname.
The Age of the Branch Line - "Lokalbahnen".
By the 1880s, the Bavarian main line network was largely completed and attention now turned to its expansion into the hinterland. On 21 April 1884 the first Bavarian "Lokalbahn" ('local line' also spelt "Localbahn") law was passed. This went back to the premise that funding for land purchase and construction would be a local affair, although earthworks would be paid for by the state. However, the state would also take the profit. 
To make them viable, the "Lokalbahnen" were to be built and operated as simply as possible. Structures too were to be simple. This led to the widespread use of standard buildings and structures; nevertheless branch lines and their stations still retained a lot of individual character based on the region and local material available for construction. 
The real boom period for branch line construction in Bavaria was from 1894 to 1910, a time when more than half of all branch lines were completed. The average time to build was four years and the construction cost worked out at about a fifth that of main lines per kilometre.
Everyday speech saw the introduction of another name in Bavaria for the "Vizinal-, Sekundär"- and "Lokalbahnen": the "Nebenbahn", the usual German word for a branch line.
The Deutsche Reichsbahn Era.
On 31 March 1920, the state railways ("Länderbahnen") were formally merged into the new 'imperial' railway company, the Deutsche Reichsbahn and the branch line network in Bavaria, less a few privately run lines, transferred to the ownership of the German Reich and thereby became part of the Reichsbahn railway network.
But the aftermath of World War I, the state of the economy and rampant inflation brought a halt to any significant further expansion. Of the 52 routes envisaged in 1920, only the stub from Zwiesel to Bodenmais in 1928 and the link from Kinding to Beilngries in 1929 were built.
The Post-War Years.
The demise of much of the Bavarian branch line network came after the Second World War when competition from the road network and increasing car ownership hit first passenger, then goods services. Around half the original branch lines had closed by the mid-seventies and the trend has continued since, albeit at a slower pace.
Branch Line Structures.
Trackbed.
The "Vizinalbahnen" used old mainline rails or lightweight, "Vizinalbahn" rails laid on wooden sleepers. For "Lokalbahn" lines, the lower speeds enabled a lighter superstructure to be used, for a wheel load of /. By the 1930s, the superstructure of Bavarian branch lines generally consisted of 6 m rails, supplied by the Maximilianshütte at Haidhof, fixed to iron base plates and wooden sleepers with massive rail spikes. The result was a special – lightweight – Bavarian Lokalbahn rail profile.
Track Layout.
Although track layouts varied, there were certain standard layouts that were common:
Any industrial sidings had to be built and maintained by the industries concerned.
Halts.
Many halts just had a name board; sometimes there was a simple shelter with a bench provided by the local council. The railway administration permitted railway 'agents' to operate on many stations, and the standard design of single-storey, wooden, agency building can still be seen today in many places. One side handled the passenger traffic, with a waiting room, ticket office and earth toilet. The other half was the office, goods shed and loading ramp. In epoch 3, these buildings were sometimes extended and more solidly built.
Stations.
Station buildings were often of stone or brick and many appear to be far too large for the villages and towns they serve. In the early days, a standard cubic shape, the so-called "Würfel" was common, later the design was more variable. Station names could be painted in large letters or carved into long sandstone ashlar slabs on the walls of the building. At the front there is often a shed roof to provide some shelter for waiting passengers on the 'home' platform. The goods shed was often attached.
Engine Sheds.
The engine shed was not just a building for housing locomotives. It was a combined 'stable', workshop, office and servicing area, often with living accommodation integrated. There were external locomotive facilities such as cleaning pits, water cranes and nearby coaling bunkers. Inside there were sanding facilities. There was a work table and vice, an office with the duty roster, regulations, operating instructions and other reference material as well as clothes lockers and washing facilities for the staff. Oil was kept in the cellar.
Coaling was carried out by hand from coal bunkers. Coal was shovelled onto a platform and from there into the locomotive's coal tank. Later simple cranes or derricks were installed. 
For major repairs, however, the engines were sent to the depot ("Bahnbetriebswerk" or "Bw") and a replacement locomotive provided.
Locomotives.
Typical Bavarian branch line locomotives in Epoch 1 include the:
In Epoch 2, former light main line tank engines were cascaded to the branch lines including the:
They were joined by new "Einheitsdampfloks" built for the DRG in the late 1920s and 1930s:
Goods Wagon Classification.
The Bavarian railways, at different times, had three different classification systems that roughly correspond to the early, middle and late period of the state railway era in Bavaria, i.e.:
Epoch Ia (1867–92).
The early period from 1867 to 1892. Capital letters were used to indicate the type of wagon, e.g. G = open wagon with low sides, short; H= log wagon. Photographs suggest that this system took time to develop and was not fully established until after the Bavarian Ostbahn had been merged into the State Railway in 1877. Roman or Arabic numerals were used additionally to indicate the age of the wagon, e.g. an A I was an old, 6-wheeled, goods van for a load of , whilst an A³ was a 10 m long 'modern' van for load ( was 'normal') and an H2 was a log wagon built between 1860 and 1880. The owner inscription was K.Bay.Sts.B. with a rather square, crowned Bavarian coat of arms (white and blue lozenges).
Epoch Ib (1893–1912).
Epoch Ib may be viewed as the middle period from 1893 to 1912. The K.Bay. Sts.B. continued to capital letters to indicate the overall category of vehicles, but changed the meanings in some cases to make them more 'intuitive'. For example, G became a covered (Gedeckter) goods van, S were flat wagons (Schienenwagen = rail-carrying wagon) and V were livestock vans (Viehwagen). In addition, lower case letters were used to further define the class of vehicle, indicating e.g. the maximum load, height of the sides etc., and additional axles were indicated by doubling or tripling the letters. So Xm was a departmental wagon with a maximum load over and SSml was a long, eight-wheeled flat wagon capable of carrying over 10 tonnes.
The owner inscription was just K.Bay. Sts.B. without any coat of arms.
Epoch Ic (1913–1920).
In 1909, the German state railways founded the German State Railway Wagon Association ("Deutscher Staatsbahnwagenverband" or "DSV") in order to enable the free interchange of goods wagons and reduce production and maintenance costs. At the same time standardized wagon numbering, based on the Prussian system, was introduced. In Bavaria, this appears to have been delayed until 1912/13. In addition, Bavaria introduced a naming scheme. Departmental wagons were given the name of their railway division, but others received the name of a Bavarian division depending on their age, type and location. So a modern covered goods wagon with over 15 ton maximum load was designated Gm München. More strikingly, the DSV wagons were supposed to be painted red-brown from 1 January 1911. However this was delayed at least a year in Bavaria and it is likely that green wagons were still around for some time afterwards. Epoch Ic ended with the merging of the state railways into the Deutsche Reichsbahn in the aftermath of World War I. However Bavarian livery could probably continue to be seen for some time afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="18582072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582072" title="France Bevk">
France Bevk

France Bevk () (17 September 1890 – 17 September 1970) was a Slovene writer, poet and translator. He also wrote under the pseudonym Pavle Sedmak.
Biography.
Bevk was born in the mountain village of Zakojca (Coizza during Italian rule, now part of the Municipality of Cerkno) in the County of Gorizia and Gradisca of what was then the Austro-Hungarian Empire, now in Slovenia. He was the oldest of eight children born to the tenant farmer and shoemaker Ivan Bevk and his wife Katarina (née Čufer). 
Bevk attended school in Bukovo until 1904, and then in Kranj (1905), Koper (1908), and Gorizia (1909), and became a teacher in the area of the Slovene Littoral. His first teaching position was in the village of Orehek. During the First World War he was a soldier on the Eastern Front and for a while at an military school in Hungary. 
After the war he worked for various newspapers in Ljubljana. In 1920 he moved to Gorizia dedicating himself to cultural and political activism in the Slovene Littoral, then under Italian rule. He was frequently prosecuted by Italian Fascist authorities and interned for his activities. In 1935 he had to leave the Julian March and moved to Ljubljana, in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. There, he came in contact with the vibrant cultural life of the Slovenian capital, becoming friends with figures such as the painter Zoran Mušič, writer Vladimir Bartol, political activist and author Lavo Čermelj, literary critic Josip Vidmar and art historian France Stele. 
After the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941, he was imprisoned by the Italian occupation authorities due to his public Anti-Fascist stance. In 1943, he escaped from prison and joined the Slovene Partisans. After the end of World War II, he moved to Trieste and later back to Ljubljana. In 1953 he became a member of the Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts. He received the Prešeren Award, the most prestigious award for artistic achievements in Slovenia, twice, in 1949 and in 1954. He died in Ljubljana on his 80th birthday.
Work.
Bevk started writing at the age of sixteen with encouragement from the influential feminist editor Zofka Kveder. In his early poems, Bevk was influenced by the vitalist poetry of Oton Župančič and Maurice Maeterlinck. After the experience of World War I, he came under the influence of Christian expressionism which represented a strong literary and artistic current in interwar Slovenia. Some of its most talented representatives, such as the poet Joža Lovrenčič and Ivan Pregelj, came from Bevk's native region of Goriška. At first, he followed their examples, but later moved to social realism. He became known in the 1930s with his novels describing the struggle of the Slovene people from the Julian March to maintain their identity against the Fascist Italianization. His best-known work was the novel "Kaplan Martin Čedermac" (The Vicar Martin Čedermac), in which he described the inner struggles of a Roman Catholic priest in the westernmost Slovene ethnic region known as Venetian Slovenia. The novel was published under a pseudonym by the prestigious publishing house "Slovenska matica" in 1938 and soon became a best-seller. The term "Čedermac" is still used in Slovene to refer to the Roman Catholic clergy in the Slovene Littoral that struggled to defend the Slovene identity of their flock under the Italian Fascist regime.
Later in his life, Bevk devoted himself largely to children's literature. He was a very prolific author: when a complete bibliography was made on the occasion of his 70th birthday, it was determined that Bevk had written over 100 books.
Legacy.
Although Bevk is still revered as the author of the popular novel "The Vicar Martin Čedermac", he is mostly remembered as an author of children's literature. The regional library in Nova Gorica is named after him, as well as the central square in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18582080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582080" title="Bammy">
Bammy

Bammy or bami is a traditional Jamaican cassava flatbread descended from the simple flatbread eaten by the Arawaks, Jamaica's original inhabitants. Today, it is produced in many rural communities and sold in stores and by street vendors in Jamaica and abroad.
Bammies have been consumed since pre-Columbian times and is believed to have originated with the native Arawak people. For centuries, it was the bread staple for rural Jamaicans until the cheaper, imported wheat flour breads became popular in the post-World War II era.
In the 1990s, the United Nations and the Jamaican government established a program to revive bammy production and to market it as a modern, convenient food product.
Bammy is made from bitter cassava (also called yuca and manioc in other American cultures). Traditionally, the cassava is grated and placed in a press bag (woven with thatch leaves) and placed in an outdoor press where heavy stones are loaded on. Once completely drained, but still a bit moist, the cassave is beaten in a mortar then sieved to a fine flour texture. Salt is then added to taste.
The actual baking of bammies varies across Jamaican communities. Traditionally, it is made by spreading a handful of the flour evenly in a baking ring on a flat iron or griddle on the open fire. While baking, the top of the bammy is patted with a flat board and then turned over. The baking process takes about 3 minutes and the final product is a thin, foldable bread about 10" in diameter. This is similar to traditional tortillas of Native American cultures. It can then be eaten with whatever fillings are desired.
The more modern (and popular) approach is to bake thicker bammies about 6" in diameter. These are often mass-produced in factories. When home-baked, the flour may be store-bought or made by hand-pressing. The bammy can be baked on griddles or in baking pans on a stove top. Some choose to bake it inside an oven, and to add butter and other spices before baking. Baking takes longer due to the thickness, and the final product is then cut into halves or wedges for freezing. When ready to eat, the wedges are soaked in coconut milk and then fried to a golden brown, and served with meat, fish, avocado, or other side dishes.
Bammies, like wheat bread and tortillas, are served at any meal or consumed as a snack.

</doc>
<doc id="18582100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582100" title="Modlitba">
Modlitba

"Not to be confused with Molitva, the winning song in 2007."
"Modlitba" (A prayer) was the Slovak entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1998, sung by Katarína Hasprová in the Slovak language.
The song was performed sixth on the night (following Switzerland's Gunvor with "Lass' ihn" and preceding Poland's Sixteen with "To takie proste"). At the close of voting, it had received 8 points, placing twenty-first in a field of twenty five.

</doc>
<doc id="18582114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582114" title="Interactive Courses">
Interactive Courses

The term interactive course typically describes material of an educational nature delivered in a format which allows the user to directly impact the materials' content, pace, and out-come. Interactive, as defined by Merriam-Webster online dictionary, is "involving the actions or input of a user"
An example of such material would be a computer based presentation requiring a user to select the correct answer to a give question before proceeding to the next topic.
These types of courses are almost always computer based and most likely to be delivered to the user thru the internet. Due to their convenient delivery, availability and almost endless subject matter, interactive courses have become a major tool for those seeking to provide as well as those seeking to obtain education, training or certification in a given area of study.
With growing access and availability to computers and the internet, many schools, universities, businesses and government agencies are turning to interactive courses to train and educate their students and staff.

</doc>
<doc id="18582115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582115" title="John Derry">
John Derry

John Douglas Derry DFC (5 December 1921 – 6 September 1952) was a British test pilot, and was the first Briton to exceed the speed of sound.
Early life and education.
Born in Cairo, Egypt, Derry attended Dragon School in Oxford and Charterhouse School
Military career.
Shortly after the outbreak of World War II, he left school to enlist as a wireless operator and air gunner in the Royal Air Force. In 1942 he received a commission and the following year trained (in Canada) as a pilot. His operational career began late in 1944 when he joined 182 Squadron, flying Hawker Typhoons on close support to the Allied armies in the Low Countries. After serving also with 181 Squadron, he was given command of 182 Squadron shortly before the end of the war. 
Test pilot career.
In 1947 Derry joined de Havilland as a test pilot, working largely on the de Havilland DH 108 aircraft. He is widely believed to have exceeded the speed of sound on 6 September 1948 when he lost control of his aircraft and the Mach meter briefly showed supersonic speeds in a shallow dive from 12,195 m (40,000 ft) to 9,145 m (30,000 ft), although recording apparatus was switched off.
Death.
He was killed in the 1952 Farnborough Airshow DH.110 crash (the DH.110 went on to become the de Havilland Sea Vixen) when his aircraft broke up because of a design fault, with 31 fatalities including himself and his flight observer Tony Richards.

</doc>
<doc id="18582120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582120" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Gwalior">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gwalior

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Gwalior () is a diocese located in the city of Gwalior in the Ecclesiastical province of Bhopal in India.
History.
Due to political disturbance and Napoleonic war, the Missionaries coming to India were reduced to 12 in 1770, 8 in 1800 and from 1817 to 1822 there were only three missionaries working at different places. Fr. Angelo of Caraglio was working at Agra, Sardhana and Gwalior between the years 1817 - 1822. With this we can trace that Gwalior was a visiting station from 1817; but from the letter of John Baptist Filose to the Capuchin fathers working at Surat, requesting them to send a chaplain to Gwalior, we can conclude that Gwalior had a visiting chaplain even before 1803 (ibid p. 272).
It seems that due to lack of missionaries, people who were willing to become Christians were baptized without sufficient instruction to the catholic faith. Therefore missionaries coming after them had a difficult time. There was another group of Christians who had come from Goa in search of employment in the Scindia dominion.
The present church of St. John the Baptist was built by John Baptist Filose, roundabout the year 1828. Fr. Constant Fernandez, a Goan Diocesan Priest was the first residing chaplain of Lashkar and he laboured from 1832 to 1844. He was succeeded in August 1844 by Fr. Anastasius Hartmann, a Swiss Capuchim. He worked 18 months at Gwalior. During his stay he opened a school for the education of poor children, established an industrial centre for the employment of young girls and widows, provided the station with a burial ground and education uplift of his flock. His whole idea was to make the Christians better, to get them to lead a real catholic life.
He was appointed Bishop of Derne and First Vicar Apostolic of Patna on 30 September 1845. It was during this year that Agra Mission was divided into two separate Vicariates: Agra and Patna. Before this the whole of North India, known as the prefecture Apostolic of Tibet & Hindustan, was constituted into the Vicariate Apostolic of Agra, in 1820.
The list of the Chaplains at Gwalior is rather long. There have been 33 Chaplains from 1832 till it was dismembered from the Agra Archdiocese (established in 1886) and added the diocese of Jhansi in 5 July 1954. The priests who were involved as parish priests at Gwalior were Fr. Roger ofm Cap., Fr. M. Joseph, Fr. Alphonse C., Fr. Abraham Palakudy, Fr. Joseph, Palakudy and Fr. John C. Kedari, Fr. P. Martin, Fr. Eugene.
Six districts of M.P. cover within the diocese of Gwalior. They are Bhind, Datia, Gwalior, Morena, Sheopur and Shivpuri.

</doc>
<doc id="18582121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582121" title="Community (Fear Itself)">
Community (Fear Itself)

Community is the seventh episode of the NBC horror anthology "Fear Itself.
Story.
A man running away from a search patrol and watchdogs hides.
Bobby (Brandon Routh) comes home to find his wife Tracy (Shiri Appleby) crying. She tells Bobby that they're still not pregnant, but if she had a baby, she wants to raise the child in a safe environment. Bobby agrees that they should move and they prepare for a dinner they are hosting. Their friends, Scott (Charlie Hofheimer) and Meryl (Alex Fatovich) tell the couple about a place called the Commons: beautiful homes, secure environment, and a welcoming neighborhood. Meryl notes that when she announced she would not be having a second child with Scott, they "lost interest". Bobby is hesitant; Tracy, however, is ecstatic so Bobby agrees to check out the Commons.
When they arrive, the head of the community, Candace, manages to convince the couple to sign the agreement. Bobby and Tracy move in, and are greeted by their excitable neighbors, Phil (John Billingsley) and Debra (Bonita Friedericy). They are invited to a dinner party that night, but turn uncomfortable when Phil loses control, bawling and showing everyone his prosthetic leg. The next morning Debra is angrily stuffing something into a garbage can. When Bobby asks her about Phil, she merely states that Phil's brother died. That evening, Bobby sees a hidden-camera TV show, where a woman, Sandra, is having an affair and her husband Ron catches her and her lover. The community makes Ron choose Sandra's punishment. She has to wear a pig mask and stand in the town square, bound to a post while people throw rotten vegetables at her.
Bobby has a small argument with Tracy because she openly discussed her pregnancy problems with her friend Arlene and it was broadcast on the hidden-camera show. Bobby is confronted by Candace, who tells him that he and Tracy must conceive within 6 months, because it was all written down in their agreement. Tracy eventually discovers she is pregnant and Bobby decides to get her out of the Commons. After she collapses at a local cafe, Bobby contacts Scott and has Meryl take Tracy's place after Tracy is spirited away to her parents' cabin. Candace discovers the plot and drags Meryl away. She ties Bobby up and sedates him. When he finally wakes up, he breaks free with Phil's help.
Back to the first scene of the show, Bobby escapes from the search patrol and hides. A car pulls up and Bobby sees Tracy and Scott. Tracy gets out of the car and Bobby yells at her to get back in, but she tells him it's all for the best. Bobby realizes everyone has been brainwashed and struggles to get away from his friends. They shove him into the car and drive back into the Commons.
A long time later, a pregnant Tracy is standing outside her home in the Commons, with her oldest son by her side. She is greeting a new couple to the Commons. They are excited to meet her and asks where her husband is. She tells them Bobby's working and points up to the top floor window. Inside, Bobby looks listless, old and gray, sitting in a wheelchair. He limply uses the TV remote and watches the new couple celebrating their great home. His face sets into a hard line as it is revealed that his legs have been amputated.
See also.
Harvest Home (novel)

</doc>
<doc id="18582128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582128" title="Product control">
Product control

Within banking, Product Control are a team responsible for the accounting and financial reporting of a trading desk. They are responsible for the monitoring of trades in the portfolios they look after, and act as a primary control function; monitoring trading activity to ensure it is within a specified remit. 
In turn product controllers are responsible for ensuring traders mark their books to fair value prices. 
There have been many high-profile cases of where banks have been fined for this control not working effectively, examples including the UK's financial services regulator the FSA fining Japanese Investment Bank Nomura over mis-marking of its books. 
Poor product control procedure were also noted in the collapse of US investment Bank Lehman Brothers. 

</doc>
<doc id="18582138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582138" title="List of Bluebird record-breaking vehicles">
List of Bluebird record-breaking vehicles

Blue Bird or Bluebird is the name of various cars and boats used by Sir Malcolm Campbell, his son Donald and other family members to set land and water speed records.
Origins of the name.
The name "Blue Bird" was originally inspired by the play of that name by Maurice Maeterlinck, and the vehicles were painted a shade of pale blue.
Malcolm Campbell had a succession of Darracq racing cars in the 1920s, which in the fashion of the day he had named " 'Flapper I' ", " 'Flapper II' " and " 'Flapper III' ". It was " 'Flapper III' " which he renamed after seeing the play, famously and impetuously knocking up a paint shop owner at night, so as to purchase blue paint before racing at Brooklands the following day.
In 1925, he also raced an Itala at Brooklands with the name " 'The Blue Bird' " painted on the bonnet.
"Bluebird" or "Blue Bird"?
Malcolm Campbell named them ""Blue Bird"", Donald ""Bluebird"". 
The hydroplane K4 began life as Malcolm's ""Blue Bird"", but when Donald decided to use her in 1949, after his father's death, he renamed her ""Bluebird"".
Cars.
Donald Wales.
Donald Wales, grandson of Malcolm Campbell and nephew of Donald Campbell, has contested the world electric powered land speed record. He will also be the test driver for the "British Steam Car" which will be attempting to break the steam-powered land speed record. He is also the driver for Project Runningblade, an attempt to break the world land speed record for a lawnmower. [http://www.projectrunningblade.co.uk/
Boats.
Gina Campbell.
Gina Campbell, daughter of Donald Campbell, has contested the women's world water speed record.

</doc>
<doc id="18582140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582140" title="Journler">
Journler

Journler is a hybrid diary and personal organizer for the Macintosh. Somewhat similar to Yojimbo (software), it features a three-pane interface and supports tagging and categorizing of entries. The entries can be simple text, but also can contain images, PDFs, and other media that the Mac OS supports. While very flexible, it is more oriented toward chronological organization of entries, as in a diary or journal, and has a built-in calendar. Like many recent Mac OS applications, Journler supports "smart" folders that can automatically update themselves based on some user-delimited criteria. Journler allows nesting of folders, including smart folders, under one another, which is more unusual. In September 2009, the author, Phillip Dow, announced he would cease development on Journler. In February 2011 it was announced that Journler will be open sourced.

</doc>
<doc id="18582143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582143" title="Rudy Schlesinger">
Rudy Schlesinger

William Cordes "Rudy" Schlesinger (born November 5, 1941, at Cincinnati, Ohio) is a retired American professional baseball player. He had one at bat in Major League Baseball as a pinch hitter for the Boston Red Sox. Listed at , , Schlesinger batted and threw right-handed. He spent much of his seven-year (1964–1970) professional career in the Red Sox organization, although Boston would lose him on waivers once, trade him twice, and reacquire him twice in the space of four seasons.
An outfielder, Schlesinger was signed by Boston in 1963 out of the University of Cincinnati, where he graduated with a degree in education. After hitting 37 home runs, driving in 117 runs, and batting .341 in the 1964 Class A New York-Penn League (then a full season circuit), he was protected under the bonus rules of the 1960s on the 1965 Red Sox roster coming out of spring training.
In Schlesinger's only MLB appearance, on May 4, he batted for Boston pitcher Dave Morehead in the sixth inning against the Los Angeles Angels at Chavez Ravine. Schlesinger grounded out (pitcher Marcelino López to first baseman Costen Shockley). Boston lost the game, 7–1, one of 100 defeats the BoSox would absorb in 1965. Three days later, when the Red Sox tried to send Schlesinger to the minor leagues, they had to pass him through waivers and he was claimed by the Kansas City Athletics. 
Thus began the "yo-yo" nature of his career. After parts of two seasons in the Athletics' farm system, the Red Sox reacquired Schlesinger in 1966 and he played the entire 1967 campaign with the Double-A Pittsfield Red Sox, belting 21 home runs. Then, during the winter meetings on November 30, 1967, he was traded with cash to the Chicago Cubs for pitcher Ray Culp. It was a one-sided deal: for the Red Sox, Culp averaged 16 wins over the next four seasons, while Schlesinger struggled in the Cub system in 1968 before being reacquired by the Red Sox in midseason and returning to Pittsfield. He then began 1969 with Boston's Louisville Colonels affiliate. After only 50 at bats in Louisville, the parent Red Sox traded him again, this time to the Philadelphia Phillies for veteran outfielder Don Lock. Schlesinger played the remainder of his pro career with the Phillies' Triple-A club, the Eugene Emeralds, in 1969–1970. All told, he batted .270 with 127 home runs in 732 minor league games.

</doc>
<doc id="18582154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582154" title="Battle of Skibo and Strathfleet">
Battle of Skibo and Strathfleet

The Battle of Skibo and Strathfleet was prompted by Clan Donald's invasion of the area around Dornoch in northern Scotland in 1480. Two attacks were repulsed by the local clans of Clan Sutherland and Clan Murray. 
Background.
In 1462, John MacDonald of Islay, Earl of Ross had entered into a secret treaty, in which he agreed to become a vassal of Edward IV of England in return for help in conquering northern Scotland. When James III of Scotland discovered this agreement in 1476, he stripped John of his possessions on the mainland. John spent the next few years trying to reclaim the land he thought was his. When he lent most of his forces to his kinsman Donald Balloch of Islay to ravage the West Coast, John took 500-600 men around the north of Scotland to the Dornoch Firth on the east coast. It's not clear what his intention was, but he landed a few miles from Dunrobin Castle, home to Clan Sutherland who controlled much of the far north of Scotland.
Battles.
At first the MacDonalds camped in front of Skibo Castle, a possession of the Bishop of Caithness. John, 8th Earl of Sutherland sent a force under Neill Murray to watch the islanders. MacDonald began to ravage the country, so Murray attacked, driving off the invaders who lost a captain named Donald Dubh-na-Soirn, and 50 men.
In response to this defeat, MacDonald sent some of his men and "a company of men from Ross" up the coast to Loch Fleet, just south of Dunrobin. Sutherland sent his brother Robert and some men to meet the attackers "on the sands of Strathfleet". After a "fierce and bloody struggle", the island men and their allies were defeated "with great slaughter" and the survivors pursued as far as Bonar.
Aftermath.
This was to be the final conflict between the MacDonalds and Sutherlands, as Sutherland married MacDonald's sister Margaret soon afterwards, sealing an alliance. However this heavy defeat may have been a factor in the conflict between John MacDonald and his son Angus Og, which resulted in the Battle of Bloody Bay in 1480 or 1483.

</doc>
<doc id="18582159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582159" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Jabalpur">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jabalpur

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jabalpur () is a diocese located in the city of Jabalpur in the Ecclesiastical province of Bhopal in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18582168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582168" title="Baraba Tatar">
Baraba Tatar

The Baraba Tatars are a group of Siberian Tatars. Some of them still speak Baraba dialect of Siberian Tatar language. They traditionally live on the Baraba steppe.
There were around 8,000 Baraba Tatars in 1979.
Sources.
Wixman, Ronald. "The Peoples of the USSR: An Ethnographic Handbook" (Armonk: M. E. Shapre, 1984) p. 22

</doc>
<doc id="18582170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582170" title="Tori Kropp">
Tori Kropp

Tori Kropp is an internationally recognized pregnancy, woman's health, and early parenting expert. She is the author of the popular pregnancy guide, The Joy of Pregnancy published in April 2008 by The Harvard Common Press. She founded the online community "Stork Site" in 1995 as a resource for pregnant women. Kropp is a Registered Perinatal Nurse, and is well known as the "Dear Abby" of pregnancy. With over twenty years of experience as a perinatal nurse, she has delivered thousands of babies at the California Pacific Medical Center in San Francisco, CA. She lives in Marin County, CA, with her family.
Education.
Kropp studied anthropology and psychology as an undergraduate at Michigan State University and earned her nursing degree from Manatee College in Florida in 1984. While in college, Kropp started a homebirth advocacy group and it was during this time that her interest in labor and birth flourished.
Early work.
Pillow Talk.
In 1990, Kropp founded Pillow Talk, Modern Childbirth Education, a pre- and post-natal teaching program. The core of the program was focused on teaching women not to overwhelm themselves with information and to focus instead on trusting their bodies and enjoying their pregnancies. Started in 1990, Kropp continues the Pillow Talk program today in private, one-on-one classes. Topics focus on childbirth preparation, the basics of baby care, and breastfeeding.
Stork Site.
In 1995, Kropp adapted the approach she had developed for Pillow Talk in order to found "Stork Site", an online community website for expectant and new parents, which later became a part of iVillage.com. At its peak, "Stork Site" had over 100,000 members, making it one of the largest pregnancy-related online groups at that time.
Books.
The Joy of Pregnancy.
In April 2008, Kropp's first book was published by The Harvard Common Press. The Joy of Pregnancy drew upon Kropp's philosophy at Pillow Talk to present a book that was medically sound, yet not alarmist. The author used personal anecdotes, questions from her students, and medical information to both educate and reassure pregnant women. The tone of support and encouragement is what she felt was missing from other books on the subject.

</doc>
<doc id="18582175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582175" title="Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 52 kg">
Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 52 kg

The Men's Freestyle 52 kg at the 1984 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Anaheim Convention Center, Anaheim, California.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18582177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582177" title="Jefferson High School (Edgewater, Colorado)">
Jefferson High School (Edgewater, Colorado)

Jefferson High School is a high school located in Edgewater, Colorado. Jefferson High School is operated by Jefferson County Public Schools.
Extracurricular activities.
Athletics.
Basketball.
In 1979, the Saints advanced to the final four in the Colorado State basketball tournament.
Academics.
In 1980, the Saints Debate team advanced to the Colorado State Finals after coming in second in the Jefferson County tournament.
Demographics.
Enrollment in the 2010-2011 school year was 598 students.
Using federal government guidelines, 87.6% of the students were eligible for free or reduced-price lunches.

</doc>
<doc id="18582186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582186" title="Benzene">
Benzene

Benzene is an organic chemical compound with the molecular formula C6H6. Its molecule is composed of 6 carbon atoms joined in a ring, with 1 hydrogen atom attached to each carbon atom. Because its molecules contain only carbon and hydrogen atoms, benzene is classed as a hydrocarbon.
Benzene is a natural constituent of crude oil, and is one of the most elementary petrochemicals. Benzene is an aromatic hydrocarbon and the second ["n"]-annulene (-annulene), a cyclic hydrocarbon with a continuous pi bond. It is sometimes abbreviated Ph–H. Benzene is a colorless and highly flammable liquid with a sweet smell. It is mainly used as a precursor to heavy chemicals, such as ethylbenzene and cumene, which are produced on a billion kilogram scale. Because it has a high octane number, it is an important component of gasoline, comprising a few percent of its mass. Most non-industrial applications have been limited by benzene's carcinogenicity.
History.
Discovery.
The word "benzene" derives historically from "gum benzoin", sometimes called "benjamin" (i.e., benzoin resin), an aromatic resin known to European pharmacists and perfumers since the 15th century as a product of southeast Asia. An acidic material was derived from benzoin by sublimation, and named "flowers of benzoin", or benzoic acid. The hydrocarbon derived from benzoic acid thus acquired the name benzin, benzol, or benzene.
Michael Faraday first isolated and identified benzene in 1825 from the oily residue derived from the production of illuminating gas, giving it the name "bicarburet of hydrogen".
In 1833, Eilhard Mitscherlich produced it via the distillation of benzoic acid (from gum benzoin) and lime. He gave the compound the name "benzin".
In 1836, the French chemist Auguste Laurent named the substance "phène"; this is the root of the word phenol, which is hydroxylated benzene, and phenyl, which is the radical formed by abstraction of a hydrogen atom (free radical H•) from benzene.
In 1845, Charles Mansfield, working under August Wilhelm von Hofmann, isolated benzene from coal tar. Four years later, Mansfield began the first industrial-scale production of benzene, based on the coal-tar method. Gradually the sense developed among chemists that substances related to benzene represent a diverse chemical family. In 1855 August Wilhelm Hofmann used the word "aromatic" to designate this family relationship, after a characteristic property of many of its members.
Ring formula.
The empirical formula for benzene was long known, but its highly polyunsaturated structure, with just one hydrogen atom for each carbon atom, was challenging to determine. Archibald Scott Couper in 1858 and Joseph Loschmidt in 1861 suggested possible structures that contained multiple double bonds or multiple rings, but too little evidence was then available to help chemists decide on any particular structure.
In 1865, the German chemist Friedrich August Kekulé published a paper in French (for he was then teaching in Francophone Belgium) suggesting that the structure contained a six-membered ring of carbon atoms with alternating single and double bonds. The next year he published a much longer paper in German on the same subject. Kekulé used evidence that had accumulated in the intervening years—namely, that there always appeared to be only one isomer of any monoderivative of benzene, and that there always appeared to be exactly three isomers of every derivative—now understood to correspond to the ortho, meta, and para patterns of arene substitution—to argue in support of his proposed structure. Kekulé's symmetrical ring could explain these curious facts, as well as benzene's 1:1 carbon-hydrogen ratio.
The new understanding of benzene, and hence of all aromatic compounds, proved to be so important for both pure and applied chemistry that in 1890 the German Chemical Society organized an elaborate appreciation in Kekulé's honor, celebrating the twenty-fifth anniversary of his first benzene paper. Here Kekulé spoke of the creation of the theory. He said that he had discovered the ring shape of the benzene molecule after having a reverie or day-dream of a snake seizing its own tail (this is a common symbol in many ancient cultures known as the Ouroboros or Endless knot). This vision, he said, came to him after years of studying the nature of carbon-carbon bonds. This was 7 years after he had solved the problem of how carbon atoms could bond to up to four other atoms at the same time. It is curious that a similar, humorous depiction of benzene had appeared in 1886 in the "Berichte der Durstigen Chemischen Gesellschaft" (Journal of the Thirsty Chemical Society), a parody of the "Berichte der Deutschen Chemischen Gesellschaft", only the parody had monkeys seizing each other in a circle, rather than snakes as in Kekulé's anecdote. Some historians have suggested that the parody was a lampoon of the snake anecdote, possibly already well known through oral transmission even if it had not yet appeared in print. (Some others have speculated that Kekulé's story in 1890 was a re-parody of the monkey spoof, and was a mere invention rather than a recollection of an event in his life.) Kekulé's 1890 speech in which these anecdotes appeared has been translated into English. If the anecdote is the memory of a real event, circumstances mentioned in the story suggest that it must have happened early in 1862.
The cyclic nature of benzene was finally confirmed by the crystallographer Kathleen Lonsdale in 1929.
Early applications.
In the 19th and early-20th centuries, benzene was used as an after-shave lotion because of its pleasant smell. Prior to the 1920s, benzene was frequently used as an industrial solvent, especially for degreasing metal. As its toxicity became obvious, benzene was supplanted by other solvents, especially toluene (methyl benzene), which has similar physical properties but is not as carcinogenic.
In 1903, Ludwig Roselius popularized the use of benzene to decaffeinate coffee. This discovery led to the production of Sanka. This process was later discontinued. Benzene was historically used as a significant component in many consumer products such as Liquid Wrench, several paint strippers, rubber cements, spot removers and other hydrocarbon-containing products. Some ceased manufacture of their benzene-containing formulations in about 1950, while others continued to use benzene as a component or significant contaminant until the late 1970s when leukemia deaths were found associated with Goodyear's Pliofilm production operations in Ohio. Until the late 1970s, many hardware stores, paint stores, and other retail outlets sold benzene in small cans, such as quart size, for general-purpose use. Many students were exposed to benzene in school and university courses while performing laboratory experiments with little or no ventilation in many cases. This very dangerous practice has been almost totally eliminated.
Structure.
Benzene represents a special problem in that, to account for the bond lengths quantitatively, there must either be electron delocalization (molecular orbital theory) or a spin coupling of the p-orbitals (valence bond theory):
X-ray diffraction shows that all six carbon-carbon bonds in benzene are of the same length, at 140 picometres (pm). The C–C bond lengths are greater than a double bond, (135 pm), but shorter than a single bond, (147 pm). This intermediate distance is consistent with electron delocalization: the electrons for C–C bonding are distributed equally between each of the six carbon atoms. Benzene has 8 hydrogen atoms fewer than the corresponding parent alkane, hexane. The molecule is planar. The MO description involves the formation of three delocalized π orbitals spanning all six carbon atoms, while in VB theory the aromatic properties of benzene originate from spin coupling of all six π orbitals. It is likely that this stability contributes to the peculiar molecular and chemical properties known as aromaticity. To indicate the delocalized nature of the bonding, benzene is often depicted with a circle inside a hexagonal arrangement of carbon atoms.
As is common in organic chemistry, the carbon atoms in the diagram above have been left unlabeled. Realizing each carbon has 2p electrons, each carbon donates an electron into the delocalized ring above and below the benzene ring. It is the side-on overlap of p-orbitals that produces the pi clouds.
Derivatives of benzene occur sufficiently often as a component of organic molecules that there is a Unicode symbol in the Miscellaneous Technical block with the code U+232C (⌬) to represent it with three double bonds, and U+23E3 (⏣) for a delocalized version.
Benzene derivatives.
Many important chemical compounds are derived from benzene by replacing one or more of its hydrogen atoms with another functional group. Examples of simple benzene derivatives are phenol, toluene, and aniline, abbreviated PhOH, PhMe, and PhNH2, respectively. Linking benzene rings gives biphenyl, C6H5–C6H5. Further loss of hydrogen gives "fused" aromatic hydrocarbons, such as naphthalene and anthracene. The limit of the fusion process is the hydrogen-free allotrope of carbon, graphite.
In heterocycles, carbon atoms in the benzene ring are replaced with other elements. The most important derivatives are the rings containing nitrogen. Replacing one CH with N gives the compound pyridine, C5H5N. Although benzene and pyridine are "structurally" related, benzene cannot be converted into pyridine. Replacement of a second CH bond with N gives, depending on the location of the second N, pyridazine, pyrimidine, and pyrazine.
Production.
Four chemical processes contribute to industrial benzene production: catalytic reforming, toluene hydrodealkylation, toluene disproportionation, and steam cracking. According to the ATSDR Toxicological Profile for benzene, between 1978 and 1981, catalytic reformats accounted for approximately 44–50% of the total U.S benzene production.
Until World War II, most benzene was produced as a by-product of coke production (or "coke-oven light oil") in the steel industry. However, in the 1950s, increased demand for benzene, especially from the growing polymers industry, necessitated the production of benzene from petroleum. Today, most benzene comes from the petrochemical industry, with only a small fraction being produced from coal.
Catalytic reforming.
In catalytic reforming, a mixture of hydrocarbons with boiling points between 60–200 °C is blended with hydrogen gas and then exposed to a bifunctional platinum chloride or rhenium chloride catalyst at 500–525 °C and pressures ranging from 8–50 atm. Under these conditions, aliphatic hydrocarbons form rings and lose hydrogen to become aromatic hydrocarbons. The aromatic products of the reaction are then separated from the reaction mixture (or reformate) by extraction with any one of a number of solvents, including diethylene glycol or sulfolane, and benzene is then separated from the other aromatics by distillation. The extraction step of aromatics from the reformate is designed to produce aromatics with lowest non-aromatic components. Recovery of the aromatics, commonly referred to as BTX (benzene, toluene and xylene isomers), involves such extraction and distillation steps. There are a good many licensed processes available for extraction of the aromatics.
In similar fashion to this catalytic reforming, UOP and BP commercialized a method from LPG (mainly propane and butane) to aromatics.
Toluene hydrodealkylation.
Toluene hydrodealkylation converts toluene to benzene. In this hydrogen-intensive process, toluene is mixed with hydrogen, then passed over a chromium, molybdenum, or platinum oxide catalyst at 500–600 °C and 40–60 atm pressure. Sometimes, higher temperatures are used instead of a catalyst (at the similar reaction condition). Under these conditions, toluene undergoes dealkylation to benzene and methane:
This irreversible reaction is accompanied by an equilibrium side reaction that produces
biphenyl (aka diphenyl) at higher temperature:
If the raw material stream contains much non-aromatic components (paraffins or naphthenes), those are likely decomposed to lower hydrocarbons such as methane, which increases the consumption of hydrogen.
A typical reaction yield exceeds 95%. Sometimes, xylenes and heavier aromatics are used in place of toluene, with similar efficiency.
This is often called "on-purpose" methodology to produce benzene, compared to conventional BTX (benzene-toluene-xylene) extraction processes.
Toluene disproportionation.
Where a chemical complex has similar demands for both benzene and xylene, then toluene disproportionation (TDP) may be an attractive alternative to the toluene hydrodealkylation. In the broad sense, 2 toluene molecules are reacted and the methyl groups rearranged from one toluene molecule to the other, yielding one benzene molecule and one xylene molecule.
Given that demand for "para"-xylene ("p"-xylene) substantially exceeds demand for other xylene isomers, a refinement of the TDP process called Selective TDP (STDP) may be used. In this process, the xylene stream exiting the TDP unit is approximately 90% paraxylene. In some current catalytic systems, even the benzene-to-xylenes ratio is decreased (more xylenes) when the demand of xylenes is higher.
Steam cracking.
Steam cracking is the process for producing ethylene and other alkenes from aliphatic hydrocarbons. Depending on the feedstock used to produce the olefins, steam cracking can produce a benzene-rich liquid by-product called "pyrolysis gasoline". Pyrolysis gasoline can be blended with other hydrocarbons as a gasoline additive, or routed through an extraction process to recover BTX aromatics (benzene, toluene and xylenes).
Other sources.
Trace amounts of benzene may result whenever carbon-rich materials undergo incomplete combustion. It is produced in volcanoes and forest fires, and is also a component of cigarette smoke. Benzene is a principal product from the combustion of PVC (polyvinyl chloride).
Uses.
Benzene is used mainly as an intermediate to make other chemicals. About 80% of benzene is consumed in the production of three chemicals, ethylbenzene, cumene, and cyclohexane. Its most widely produced derivative is ethylbenzene, precursor to styrene, which is used to make polymers and plastics. Cumene is converted phenol for resins and adhesives. Cyclohexane is used in the manufacture of Nylon. Smaller amounts of benzene are used to make some types of rubbers, lubricants, dyes, detergents, drugs, explosives, and pesticides.
In both the US and Europe, 50% of benzene is used in the production of ethylbenzene/styrene, 20% is used in the production of cumene, and about 15% of benzene is used in the production of cyclohexane (eventually to nylon).
Currently, the production of and demand for benzene in the Middle East register the greatest increases worldwide. It will probably see its share of the global supply and demand expand by 3.7 and 3.3 percentage points, respectively, until 2018. However, the Asia-Pacific region will continue to dominate the market and account for almost half of the global demand.
In laboratory research, toluene is now often used as a substitute for benzene. The solvent-properties of the two are similar, but toluene is less toxic and has a wider liquid range.
Component of gasoline.
As a gasoline (petrol) additive, benzene increases the octane rating and reduces knocking. As a consequence, gasoline often contained several percent benzene before the 1950s, when tetraethyl lead replaced it as the most widely used antiknock additive. With the global phaseout of leaded gasoline, benzene has made a comeback as a gasoline additive in some nations. In the United States, concern over its negative health effects and the possibility of benzene's entering the groundwater have led to stringent regulation of gasoline's benzene content, with limits typically around 1%. European petrol specifications now contain the same 1% limit on benzene content. The United States Environmental Protection Agency introduced new regulations in 2011 that lowered the benzene content in gasoline to 0.62%. 
Reactions.
The most common reactions of benzene involve substitution of a proton by other groups. Electrophilic aromatic substitution is a general method of derivatizing benzene. Benzene is sufficiently nucleophilic that it undergoes substitution by acylium ions and alkyl carbocations to give substituted derivatives.
The most widely practiced example of this reaction is the ethylation of benzene.
Approximately 24,700,000 tons were produced in 1999.
Highly instructive but of far less industrial significance is the Friedel-Crafts alkylation of benzene (and many other aromatic rings) using an alkyl halide in the presence of a strong Lewis acid catalyst. Similarly, the Friedel-Crafts acylation is a related example of electrophilic aromatic substitution. The reaction involves the acylation of benzene (or many other aromatic rings) with an acyl chloride using a strong Lewis acid catalyst such as aluminium chloride or Iron(III) chloride.
Sulfonation, chlorination, nitration.
Using electrophilic aromatic substitution, many functional groups are introduced onto the benzene framework. Sulfonation of benzene involves the use of oleum, a mixture of sulfuric acid with sulfur trioxide. Sulfonated benzene derivatives are useful detergents. In nitration, benzene reacts with nitronium ions (NO2+), which is a strong electrophile produced by combining sulfuric and nitric acids. Nitrobenzene is the precursor to aniline. Chlorination in achieved with chlorine to give chlorobenzene in the presence of a catalyst such as aluminium trichloride.
Hydrogenation.
Via hydrogenation, benzene and its derivatives convert to cyclohexane and derivatives. This reaction is achieved by the use of high pressures of hydrogen at high temperatures in the presence of a finely divided nickel, which serves as a catalyst. In the absence of the catalyst, benzene is impervious to hydrogen. This reaction is practiced on a very large scale industrially.
Metal complexes.
Benzene is an excellent ligand in the organometallic chemistry of low-valent metals. Important examples include the sandwich and half-sandwich complexes, respectively, Cr(C6H6)2 and [RuCl2(C6H6)]2.
Health effects.
Benzene increases the risk of cancer and other illnesses. Benzene is a notorious cause of bone marrow failure. Substantial quantities of epidemiologic, clinical, and laboratory data link benzene to aplastic anemia, acute leukemia, and bone marrow abnormalities. The specific hematologic malignancies that benzene is associated with include: acute myeloid leukemia (AML), aplastic anemia, myleodysplastic syndrome (MDS), acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), and chronic myeloid leukemia (CML).
The American Petroleum Institute (API) stated in 1948 that "it is generally considered that the only absolutely safe concentration for benzene is zero." The US Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) classifies benzene as a human carcinogen. Long-term exposure to excessive levels of benzene in the air causes leukemia, a potentially fatal cancer of the blood-forming organs, in susceptible individuals. In particular, Acute myeloid leukemia or acute nonlymphocytic leukemia (AML & ANLL) is not disputed to be caused by benzene. IARC rated benzene as "known to be carcinogenic to humans" (Group 1).
Human exposure to benzene is a global health problem. Benzene targets liver, kidney, lung, heart and the brain and can cause DNA strand breaks, chromosomal damage, etc. Benzene causes cancer in animals including humans. Benzene has been shown to cause cancer in both sexes of multiple species of laboratory animals exposed via various routes.
Some women who inhaled high levels of benzene for many months had irregular menstrual periods and a decrease in the size of their ovaries. Benzene exposure has been linked directly to the neural birth defects spina bifida and anencephaly. Men exposed to high levels of benzene are more likely to have an abnormal amount of chromosomes in their sperm, which impacts fertility and fetal development.
Exposure to benzene.
Vapors from products that contain benzene, such as glues, paints, furniture wax, and detergents, can also be a source of exposure, although many of these have been modified or reformulated since the late 1970s to eliminate or reduce the benzene content. Air around hazardous waste sites or gas stations may contain higher levels of benzene. Because petroleum hydrocarbon products are complex mixtures of chemicals, risk assessments for these products, in general, focus on specific toxic constituents. The petroleum constituents of primary interest to human health have been the aromatic hydrocarbons (i.e., benzene, ethylbenzene, toluene, and xylenes). In the U.S., OSHA requires that a mixture "shall be assumed to present a carcinogenic hazard if it contains a component in concentrations of 0.1% or greater, which is considered to be a carcinogen.
Outdoor air may contain low levels of benzene from automobile service stations, wood smoke, tobacco smoke, the transfer of gasoline, exhaust from motor vehicles, and industrial emissions. About 50% of the entire nationwide (United States) exposure to benzene results from smoking tobacco or from exposure to tobacco smoke.
Inhalation.
Inhaled benzene is primarily expelled unchanged through exhalation. In a human study 16.4 to 41.6% of retained benzene was eliminated through the lungs within five to seven hours after a two- to three-hour exposure to 47 to 110 ppm and only 0.07 to 0.2% of the remaining benzene was excreted unchanged in the urine. After exposure to 63 to 405 mg/m3 of benzene for 1 to 5 hours, 51 to 87% was excreted in the urine as phenol over a period of 23 to 50 hours. In another human study, 30% of absorbed dermally applied benzene, which is primarily metabolized in the liver, was excreted as phenol in the urine.
Exposure through smoking.
Exposure of the general population to benzene occurs mainly through breathing, the major sources of benzene being tobacco smoke (about 50%) as well as automobile service stations, exhaust from motor vehicles and industrial emissions (about 20% altogether). According to the CDC, "The mean number of cigarettes per day (cpd) among daily smokers in 1993 was 19.6 (21.3 cpd for men and 17.8 cpd for women) and in 2004 was 16.8 (18.1 cpd for men and 15.3 cpd for women)."
According to the August 2007 Public Health Statement, the average smoker smokes 32 cpd, which in turn the average smoker would take in about 1.8 milligrams (mg) of benzene per day. This amount is about 10 times the average daily intake of benzene by nonsmokers.
Exposure from soft drinks.
In March 2006, the official Food Standards Agency in Britain conducted a survey of 150 brands of soft drinks. It found that four contained benzene levels above World Health Organization limits. The affected batches were removed from sale. (See also benzene in soft drinks).
Case examples.
Water and soil contamination are important pathways of concern for transmission of benzene. In the US alone, approximately 100,000 sites have soil or groundwater contaminated with benzene.
In 2005, the water supply to the city of Harbin in China with a population of almost nine million people, was cut off because of a major benzene exposure. Benzene leaked into the Songhua River, which supplies drinking water to the city, after an explosion at a China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC) factory in the city of Jilin on 13 November.
Benzene exposure limits.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency has set a maximum contaminant level (MCL) for benzene in drinking water at 0.005 mg/L (5 ppb), as promulgated via the U.S. National Primary Drinking Water Regulations. This regulation is based on preventing benzene leukemogenesis. The maximum contaminant level goal (MCLG), a nonenforceable health goal that would allow an adequate margin of safety for the prevention of adverse effects, is zero benzene concentration in drinking water. The EPA requires that spills or accidental releases into the environment of 10 pounds (4.5 kg) or more of benzene be reported.
The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) has set a permissible exposure limit of 1 part of benzene per million parts of air (1 ppm) in the workplace during an 8-hour workday, 40-hour workweek. The short term exposure limit for airborne benzene is 5 ppm for 15 minutes. These legal limits were based on studies demonstrating compelling evidence of health risk to workers exposed to benzene. The risk from exposure to 1 ppm for a working lifetime has been estimated as 5 excess leukemia deaths per 1,000 employees exposed. (This estimate assumes no threshold for benzene's carcinogenic effects.) OSHA has also established an action level of 0.5 ppm to encourage even lower exposures in the workplace.
The U.S. National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) revised the Immediately Dangerous to Life and Health (IDLH) concentration for benzene to 500 ppm. The current NIOSH definition for an IDLH condition, as given in the NIOSH Respirator Selection Logic, is one that poses a threat of exposure to airborne contaminants when that exposure is likely to cause death or immediate or delayed permanent adverse health effects or prevent escape from such an environment 2004. The purpose of establishing an IDLH value is (1) to ensure that the worker can escape from a given contaminated environment in the event of failure of the respiratory protection equipment and (2) is considered a maximum level above which only a highly reliable breathing apparatus providing maximum worker protection is permitted 2004]. In September 1995, NIOSH issued a new policy for developing recommended exposure limit (RELs) for substances, including carcinogens. Because benzene can cause cancer, NIOSH recommends that all workers wear special breathing equipment when they are likely to be exposed to benzene at levels exceeding the REL (10-hour) of 0.1 ppm. The NIOSH STEL (15 min) is 1 ppm.
American Conference of Governmental Industrial Hygienists (ACGIH) adopted Threshold Limit Values (TLVs) for benzene at 0.5 ppm TWA and 2.5 ppm STEL.
Exposure monitoring.
Airborne exposure monitoring for benzene must be conducted in order to properly assess personal exposures and effectiveness of engineering controls. Initial exposure monitoring should be conducted by an industrial hygienist or person specifically trained and experienced in sampling techniques. Contact an AIHA Accredited Laboratory for advice on sampling methods.
Each employer with a place of employment where occupational exposures to benzene occur shall monitor each of these workplaces and work operations to determine accurately the airborne concentrations of benzene to which employees may be exposed. Representative 8-hour TWA employee exposures need to be determined on the basis of one sample or samples representing the full shift exposure for each job classification in each work area. Unless air samples are taken frequently, the employer does not know the concentration and would not know how much of a protection factor is needed.
In providing consultation on work safety during oil clean-up operations following the Deepwater Horizon accident, OSHA has worked with a number of other government agencies to protect Gulf cleanup workers. OSHA partnered with the NIOSH to issue "Interim Guidance for Protecting Deepwater Horizon Response Workers and Volunteers" and recommend measures that should be taken to protect workers from a variety of different health hazards that these workers face. OSHA conceded that it recognizes that most of its PELs are outdated and inadequate measures of worker safety. In characterizing worker exposure, OSHA instead relies on more up-to-date recommended protective limits set by organizations such as NIOSH, the ACGIH, and the American Industrial Hygiene Association (AIHA), and not on the older, less protective PELS. Results of air monitoring are compared to the lowest known Occupational Exposure Limit for the listed contaminant for purposes of risk assessment and protective equipment recommendations.
Biomarkers of exposure.
Several tests can determine exposure to benzene. Benzene itself can be measured in breath, blood or urine, but such testing is usually limited to the first 24 hours post-exposure due to the relatively rapid removal of the chemical by exhalation or biotransformation. Most persons in developed countries have measureable baseline levels of benzene and other aromatic petroleum hydrocarbons in their blood. In the body, benzene is enzymatically converted to a series of oxidation products including muconic acid, phenylmercapturic acid, phenol, catechol, hydroquinone and 1,2,4-trihydroxybenzene. Most of these metabolites have some value as biomarkers of human exposure, since they accumulate in the urine in proportion to the extent and duration of exposure, and they may still be present for some days after exposure has ceased. The current ACGIH biological exposure limits for occupational exposure are 500 μg/g creatinine for muconic acid and 25 μg/g creatinine for phenylmercapturic acid in an end-of-shift urine specimen.
Biotransformations.
Even if it is not a common substrate for the metabolism of organisms, benzene can be oxidized by both bacteria and eukaryotes. In bacteria, dioxygenase enzyme can add an oxygen molecule to the ring, and the unstable product is immediately reduced (by NADH) to a cyclic diol with two double bonds, breaking the aromaticity. Next, the diol is newly reduced by NADH to catechol. The catechol is then metabolized to acetyl CoA and succinyl CoA, used by organisms mainly in the Krebs Cycle for energy production.
The pathway for the metabolism of benzene is complex and begins in the liver. Several key enzymes are involved. These include cytochrome P450 2E1 (CYP2E1), quinine oxidoreductase (NQ01), GSH, and myeloperoxidase (MPO). CYP2E1 is involved at multiple steps: converting benzene to oxepin (benzene oxide), phenol to hydroquinone, and hydroquinone to both benzenetriol and catechol. Hydroquinone, benzenetriol and catechol are converted to polyphenols. In the bone marrow, MPO converts these polyphenols to benzoquinones. These intermediates and metabolites induce genotoxicity by multiple mechanisms including inhibition of topoisomerase II (which maintains chromosome structure), disruption of microtubules (which maintains cellular structure and organization), generation of oxygen free radicals (unstable species) that may lead to point mutations, increasing oxidative stress, inducing DNA strand breaks, and altering DNA methylation (which can affect gene expression). NQ01 and GSH shift metabolism away from toxicity. NQ01 metabolizes benzoquinone toward polyphenols (counteracting the effect of MPO). GSH is involved with the formation of phenylmercapturic acid.
Genetic polymorphisms in these enzymes may induce loss of function or gain of function. For example, mutations in CYP2E1 increase activity and result in increased generation of toxic metabolites. NQ01 mutations result in loss of function and may result in decreased detoxification. Myeloperoxidase mutations result in loss of function and may result in decreased generation of toxic metabolites. GSH mutations or deletions result in loss of function and result in decreased detoxification. These genes may be targets for genetic screening for susceptibility to benzene toxicity.
Molecular toxicology.
The paradigm of toxicological assessment of benzene is shifting towards the domain of molecular toxicology as it allows understanding of fundamental biological mechanisms in a better way. Glutathione seems to play an important role by protecting against benzene-induced DNA breaks and it is being identified as a new biomarker for exposure and effect. Benzene causes chromosomal aberrations in the peripheral blood leukocytes and bone marrow explaining the higher incidence of leukemia and multiple myeloma caused by chronic exposure. These aberrations can be monitored using fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH) with DNA probes to assess the effects of benzene along with the hematological tests as markers of hematotoxicity. Benzene metabolism involves enzymes coded for by polymorphic genes. Studies have shown that genotype at these loci may influence susceptibility to the toxic effects of benzene exposure. Individuals carrying variant of NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1), microsomal epoxide hydrolase (EPHX) and deletion of the glutathione S-transferase T1 (GSTT1) showed a greater frequency of DNA single-stranded breaks.
Biological oxidation and carcinogenic activity.
One way of understanding the carcinogenic effects of benzene is by examining the products of biological oxidation. Pure benzene, for example, oxidizes in the body to produce an epoxide, benzene oxide, which is not excreted readily and can interact with DNA to produce harmful mutations.
Summary.
According to the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR) (2007), benzene is both an anthropogenically produced and naturally occurring chemical from processes that include: volcanic eruptions, wild fires, synthesis of chemicals such as phenol, production of synthetic fibers, and fabrication of rubbers, lubricants, pesticides, medications, and dyes. The major sources of benzene exposure are tobacco smoke, automobile service stations, exhaust from motor vehicles, and industrial emissions; however, ingestion and dermal absorption of benzene can also occur through contact with contaminated water. Benzene is hepatically metabolized and excreted in the urine. Measurement of air and water levels of benzene is accomplished through collection via activated charcoal tubes, which are then analyzed with a gas chromatograph. The measurement of benzene in humans can be accomplished via urine, blood, and breath tests; however, all of these have their limitations because benzene is rapidly metabolized in the human body into by-products called metabolites.
OSHA regulates levels of benzene in the workplace. The maximum allowable amount of benzene in workroom air during an 8-hour workday, 40-hour workweek is 1 ppm. Because benzene can cause cancer, NIOSH recommends that all workers wear special breathing equipment when they are likely to be exposed to benzene at levels exceeding the recommended (8-hour) exposure limit of 0.1 ppm.

</doc>
<doc id="18582191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582191" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Jhabua">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jhabua

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jhabua () is a diocese located in the city of Jhabua in the Ecclesiastical province of Bhopal in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18582222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582222" title="Canadian Food for the Hungry">
Canadian Food for the Hungry

FH Canada is part of the global Food for the Hungry (FH) network, a Christian international development agency dedicated to sustainable development and emergency response worldwide. The organization also has a local mandate, offering worldview training workshops to equip Canadians to effectively respond to poverty both at home and abroad.
Internationally, FH Canada is currently partnered with developing communities in 10 different countries. Partnerships usually last around 7-9 years, at which point communities graduate as self-sufficient and turn to help their neighbouring communities make the same transformation. 
Development model.
FH Canada walks alongside community and family leaders – a significant distinctive in global development work. Instead of asking communities what they need, FH Canada asks them what they already have and helps them to develop their own visions of sustainability, providing notable dignity and respect for local leadership. FH Canada will often support communities in the following areas:
Leadership.
FH Canada (originally called "Canadian Food for the Hungry") was founded in 1994. David Collins, a former pastor and missionary in Vietnam and the Philippines, was the first president, holding the position until 2005, when he chose to focus more exclusively on teaching a Biblical Worldview to Canadian churches and Christian leaders. 
Current president and CEO Ben Hoogendoorn joined FH Canada as a volunteer in 1997, then in 2001 began working with the organization as Director of International Operations. He became interim president in 2005, and officially accepted the role in 2006. For the 25 years prior to his work at FH Canada, Ben owned and operated a successful farm equipment dealership in Vernon, BC.
The international Food for the Hungry (FH) network was founded in 1971 by American Dr. Larry Ward.
International Medical Equipment Distribution (IMED).
In 2001, there was an addition of a regional office in Saskatchewan which runs the International Medical Equipment Distribution Program (IMED), a program that collects, refurbishes and ships used hospital equipment to hospitals that don't have access to sufficient equipment. IMED is also involved in the shipment of food and other supplies to relief situations when needed. 
Financial stewardship.
As a certified member of the Canadian Council for Christian Charities, FH Canada meets their stringent standards for accountability and organizational integrity. With 6% of income going to administration and running costs and 6% invested to generate future income, 88% of every donation goes straight into building sustainable communities. 

</doc>
<doc id="18582230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582230" title="Methane">
Methane

Methane ( or ) is a chemical compound with the chemical formula (one atom of carbon and four atoms of hydrogen). It is the simplest alkane and the main component of natural gas. The relative abundance of methane makes it an attractive fuel. However, because it is a gas at normal conditions, it is difficult to store it.
Atmospheric methane is a potent greenhouse gas (per unit, more so than carbon dioxide). The concentration of methane in Earth's atmosphere in 1998, expressed as a mole fraction, was 1745 nmol/mol (parts per billion, ppb). By 2008, however, global methane levels, which had stayed mostly flat since 1998, had risen to 1800 nmol/mol.
History.
Methane was first discovered by Alessandro Volta in November 1776, who, after reading a paper by Benjamin Franklin about "flammable air," was inspired to search for the substance in the marshes at Lake Maggiore. Volta captured the gas rising from the marsh, and by 1778 had isolated the pure gas. He also demonstrated means to ignite the gas with an electric spark.
Properties and bonding.
Methane is a tetrahedral molecule with four equivalent C-H bonds. Its electronic structure is described by four bonding molecular orbitals (MOs) resulting from the overlap of the valence orbitals on C and H. The lowest energy MO is the result of the overlap of the 2s orbital on carbon with the in-phase combination of the 1s orbitals on the four hydrogen atoms. Above this level in energy is a triply degenerate set of MOs that involve overlap of the 2p orbitals on carbon with various linear combinations of the 1s orbitals on hydrogen. The resulting "three-over-one" bonding scheme is consistent with photoelectron spectroscopic measurements.
At room temperature and standard pressure, methane is a colorless, odorless gas. The familiar smell of natural gas as used in homes is a safety measure achieved by the addition of an odorant, usually blends containing tert-butylthiol. Methane has a boiling point of −161 °C (−257.8 °F) at a pressure of one atmosphere. As a gas it is flammable over a range of concentrations (4.4–17%) in air at standard pressure.
Chemical reactions.
Main reactions with methane are: combustion, steam reforming to syngas, and halogenation. In general, methane reactions are difficult to control. Partial oxidation to methanol, for example, is challenging because the reaction typically progresses all the way to carbon dioxide and water even with incomplete amounts of oxygen. The enzymes methane monooxygenase can produce methanol from methane, but they cannot be used for industrial scale reactions.
Acid-base reactions.
Like other hydrocarbons, methane is a very weak acid. Its pKa in DMSO is estimated to be 56. It cannot be deprotonated in solution, but the conjugate base with methyllithium is known.
A variety of positive ions derived from methane have been observed, mostly as unstable species in low-pressure gas mixtures. These include methenium or methyl cation , methane cation , and methanium or protonated methane . Some of these have been detected in outer space. Methanium can also be produced as diluted solutions from methane with super acids. Cations with higher charge, such as and , have been studied theoretically and conjectured to be stable.
Despite the strength of its C-H bonds, there is intense interest in catalysts that facilitate C–H bond activation in methane (and other low alkanes).
Combustion.
Methane's heat of combustion is 55.5 MJ/kg. Combustion of methane is multiple step reaction. The following equations are part of the process, with the net result being:
CH4 + 2 O2 → CO2 + 2 H2O ("ΔH" = −891 k J/mol (at standard conditions))
The species M* signifies an energetic third body, from which energy is transferred during a molecular collision. Formaldehyde (HCHO or ) is an early intermediate (reaction 7). Oxidation of formaldehyde gives the formyl radical (HCO) (reactions 8, 9 & 10), which then give carbon monoxide (CO) (reactions 11, 12 & 13). Any resulting oxidizes to or other intermediates (reaction 14 & 15). Finally, the CO oxidizes, forming (reaction 16). In the final stages (reactions 17, 18 & 19), energy is transferred back to other third bodies. The overall speed of reaction is a function of the concentration of the various entities during the combustion process. The higher the temperature, the greater the concentration of radical species and the more rapid the combustion process.
Reactions with halogens.
Methane reacts with halogens given appropriate conditions as follows:
where X is a halogen: fluorine (F), chlorine (Cl), bromine (Br), or iodine (I). This mechanism for this process is called free radical halogenation. It is initiated with UV light or some other radical initiator. A chlorine atom is generated from elemental chlorine, which abstracts a hydrogen atom from methane, resulting in the formation of hydrogen chloride. The resulting methyl radical, CH3•, can combine with another chlorine molecule to give methyl chloride (CH3Cl) and a chlorine atom. This chlorine atom can then react with another methane (or methyl chloride) molecule, repeating the chlorination cycle. Similar reactions can produce dichloromethane (CH2Cl2), chloroform (CHCl3), and, ultimately, carbon tetrachloride (CCl4), depending upon reaction conditions and the chlorine to methane ratio.
Uses.
Methane is used in industrial chemical processes and may be transported as a refrigerated liquid (liquefied natural gas, or LNG). While leaks from a refrigerated liquid container are initially heavier than air due to the increased density of the cold gas, the gas at ambient temperature is lighter than air. Gas pipelines distribute large amounts of natural gas, of which methane is the principal component.
Fuel.
Natural gas.
Methane is important for electrical generation by burning it as a fuel in a gas turbine or steam boiler. Compared to other hydrocarbon fuels, burning methane produces less carbon dioxide for each unit of heat released. At about 891 kJ/mol, methane's heat of combustion is lower than any other hydrocarbon but the ratio of the heat of combustion (891 kJ/mol) to the molecular mass (16.0 g/mol, of which 12.0 g/mol is carbon) shows that methane, being the simplest hydrocarbon, produces more heat per mass unit (55.7 kJ/g) than other complex hydrocarbons. In many cities, methane is piped into homes for domestic heating and cooking purposes. In this context it is usually known as natural gas, which is considered to have an energy content of 39 megajoules per cubic meter, or 1,000 BTU per standard cubic foot.
Methane in the form of compressed natural gas is used as a vehicle fuel and is claimed to be more environmentally friendly than other fossil fuels such as gasoline/petrol and diesel. Research into adsorption methods of methane storage for use as an automotive fuel has been conducted.
Liquefied natural gas.
Liquefied natural gas or LNG is natural gas (predominantly methane, CH4) that has been converted to liquid form for ease of storage or transport.
Liquefied natural gas takes up about 1/600th the volume of natural gas in the gaseous state. It is odorless, colorless, non-toxic and non-corrosive. Hazards include flammability after vaporization into a gaseous state, freezing and asphyxia.
The liquefaction process involves removal of certain components, such as dust, acid gases, helium, water, and heavy hydrocarbons, which could cause difficulty downstream. The natural gas is then condensed into a liquid at close to atmospheric pressure (maximum transport pressure set at around ) by cooling it to approximately .
LNG achieves a higher reduction in volume than compressed natural gas (CNG) so that the energy density of LNG is 2.4 times heavier than that of CNG or 60% of that of diesel fuel. This makes LNG cost efficient to transport over long distances where pipelines do not exist. Specially designed cryogenic sea vessels (LNG carriers) or cryogenic road tankers are used for its transport.
LNG, when it is not highly refined for special uses, is principally used for transporting natural gas to markets, where it is regasified and distributed as pipeline natural gas. It can be used in natural gas vehicles, although it is more common to design vehicles to use compressed natural gas. Its relatively high cost of production and the need to store it in more expensive cryogenic tanks have hindered widespread commercial use.
Power to gas.
Power to gas is a technology which converts electrical power to a gas fuel. The method is used to convert carbon dioxide and water to methane, (see natural gas) using electrolysis and the Sabatier reaction. The excess power or off peak power generated by wind generators or solar arrays could theoretically be used for load balancing in the energy grid.
Liquid methane rocket fuel.
In a highly refined form, liquid methane has been investigated as a rocket fuel for decades, 
and has recently been selected for the active development of a variety of bipropellant rocket engines.
A number of Russian rockets have been proposed to use liquid methane since the 1990s,
and US companies Orbitech and XCOR Aerospace developed a liquid oxygen/liquid methane rocket engine in 2005
and a larger -thrust engine in 2007 for potential use as the CEV lunar return engine.
A 1990s Russian engine proposal was the RD-192, a methane/LOX variant of the RD-191.
More recently the American private space company SpaceX announced in 2012 an initiative to develop liquid methane rocket engines, 
including, initially, the Raptor second stage rocket engine,
a engine that will begin component testing in early 2014. 
In October 2013, the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, a state-owned contractor for the Chinese space program, announced that it had completed a first ignition test on a new LOX methane rocket engine. No engine size was provided.
Research has been conducted by NASA regarding methane's potential as a rocket fuel. One advantage of methane is that it is abundant in many parts of the solar system and it could potentially be harvested on the surface of another solar-system body (in particular, Mars and Titan), providing fuel for a return journey.
NASA's Project Morpheus has developed a restartable LOX methane rocket engine with thrust and a specific impulse of 321 seconds suitable for inspace applications including landers. Small LOX methane thrusters were also developed suitable for use in a Reaction Control System (RCS).
Chemical feedstock.
Although there is great interest in converting methane into useful or more easily liquified compounds, the only practical processes are relatively unselective. In the chemical industry, methane is converted to synthesis gas, a mixture of carbon monoxide and hydrogen, by steam reforming. This endergonic process (requiring energy) utilizes nickel catalysts and requires high temperatures, around 700–1100 °C:
Related chemistries are exploited in the Haber-Bosch Synthesis of ammonia from air, which is reduced with natural gas to a mixture of carbon dioxide, water, and ammonia.
Methane is also subjected to free-radical chlorination in the production of chloromethanes, although methanol is a more typical precursor.
Production.
Biological routes.
Naturally occurring methane is mainly produced by the process of methanogenesis. This multistep process is used by microorganisms as an energy source. The net reaction is:
The final step in the process is catalysed by the enzyme methyl-coenzyme M reductase. Methanogenesis is a form of anaerobic respiration used by organisms that occupy landfill, ruminants (e.g., cattle), and the guts of termites.
It is uncertain if plants are a source of methane emissions.
Serpentinization.
Methane could also be produced by a non-biological process called "serpentinization" involving water, carbon dioxide, and the mineral olivine, which is known to be common on Mars.
Industrial routes.
Methane can be produced by hydrogenating carbon dioxide through the Sabatier process. Methane is also a side product of the hydrogenation of carbon monoxide in the Fischer-Tropsch process. This technology is practiced on a large scale to produce longer chain molecules than methane.
Natural gas is so abundant that the intentional production of methane is relatively rare. The only large scale facility of this kind is the Great Plains Synfuels plant, started in 1984 in Beulah, North Dakota as a way to develop abundant local resources of low grade lignite, a resource which is otherwise very hard to transport for its weight, ash content, low calorific value and propensity to spontaneous combustion during storage and transport.
Laboratory synthesis.
Methane can also be produced by the destructive distillation of acetic acid in the presence of soda lime or similar. Acetic acid is decarboxylated in this process. Methane can also be prepared by reaction of aluminium carbide with water or strong acids.
Occurrence.
Methane was discovered and isolated by Alessandro Volta between 1776 and 1778 when studying marsh gas from Lake Maggiore. It is the major component of natural gas, about 87% by volume. The major source of methane is extraction from geological deposits known as natural gas fields, with coal seam gas extraction becoming a major source (see
Coal bed methane extraction, a method for extracting methane from a coal deposit, while enhanced coal bed methane recovery is a method of recovering methane from non-mineable coal seams). It is associated with other hydrocarbon fuels, and sometimes accompanied by helium and nitrogen. The gas at shallow levels (low pressure) forms by anaerobic decay of organic matter and reworked methane from deep under the Earth's surface. In general, sediments buried deeper and at higher temperatures than those that contain oil generate natural gas.
It is generally transported in bulk by pipeline in its natural gas form, or LNG carriers in its liquefied form; few countries transport it by truck.
Alternative sources.
Apart from gas fields, an alternative method of obtaining methane is via biogas generated by the fermentation of organic matter including manure, wastewater sludge, municipal solid waste (including landfills), or any other biodegradable feedstock, under anaerobic conditions. Rice fields also generate large amounts of methane during plant growth. Methane hydrates/clathrates (ice-like combinations of methane and water on the sea floor, found in vast quantities) are a potential future source of methane. Cattle belch methane accounts for 16% of the world's annual methane emissions to the atmosphere. One study reported that the livestock sector in general (primarily cattle, chickens, and pigs) produces 37% of all human-induced methane. Early research has found a number of medical treatments and dietary adjustments that help slightly limit the production of methane in ruminants.
A more recent study, in 2009, found that at a conservative estimate, at least 51% of global greenhouse gas emissions were attributable to the life cycle and supply chain of livestock products, meaning all meat, dairy, and by-products, and their transportation.
Many efforts are underway to reduce livestock methane production and trap the gas to use as energy.
Paleoclimatology research published in "Current Biology" suggests that flatulence from dinosaurs may have warmed the Earth.
Atmospheric methane.
Methane is created near the Earth's surface, primarily by microorganisms by the process of methanogenesis. It is carried into the stratosphere by rising air in the tropics. Uncontrolled build-up of methane in the atmosphere is naturally checked – although human influence can upset this natural regulation – by methane's reaction with hydroxyl radicals formed from singlet oxygen atoms and with water vapor. It has a net lifetime of about 10 years, and is primarily removed by conversion to carbon dioxide and water.
Methane also affects the degradation of the ozone layer.
In addition, there is a large (but unknown) amount of methane in methane clathrates in the ocean floors as well as the Earth's crust. Most methane is the result of biological process called methanogenesis.
In 2010, methane levels in the Arctic were measured at 1850 nmol/mol, a level over twice as high as at any time in the 400,000 years prior to the industrial revolution. Historically, methane concentrations in the world's atmosphere have ranged between 300 and 400 nmol/mol during glacial periods commonly known as ice ages, and between 600 to 700 nmol/mol during the warm interglacial periods. Recent research suggests that the Earth's oceans are a potentially important new source of Arctic methane.
A Bristol University study published in "Nature" claims that methane under the Antarctic Ice Sheet may yet play an important role globally. Researchers believe these sub-ice environments to be biologically active, in that microbes are converting organic carbon to carbon dioxide and methane. Possible adverse effects projected as the gas escapes into the atmosphere are estimated to have the potential of a sixty trillion dollar impact on the world economy.
The newest IPCC study determined that methane in the Earth's atmosphere is an important greenhouse gas with a global warming potential of 34 compared to CO2 over a 100-year period (although accepted figures probably represent an underestimate). This means that a methane emission will have 34 times the effect on temperature of a carbon dioxide emission of the same mass over the following 100 years. And methane has 33 times the effect when accounted for aerosol interactions.
Methane has a large effect for a brief period (a net lifetime of 8.4 years in the atmosphere), whereas carbon dioxide has a small effect for a long period (over 100 years). Because of this difference in effect and time period, the global warming potential of methane over a 20-year time period is 72. The Earth's atmospheric methane concentration has increased by about 150% since 1750, and it accounts for 20% of the total radiative forcing from all of the long-lived and globally mixed greenhouse gases (these gases don't include water vapor which is by far the largest component of the greenhouse effect). Usually, excess methane from landfills and other natural producers of methane is burned so CO2 is released into the atmosphere instead of methane, because methane is a more effective greenhouse gas. Recently, methane emitted from coal mines has been successfully utilized to generate electricity.
Clathrates.
Methane is essentially insoluble in water. It can however be trapped within a crystal lattice structure of water, forming a solid similar to ice. Significant deposits of methane clathrate have been found under sediments on the ocean floors of Earth at large depths.
Arctic methane release from permafrost and methane clathrates is an expected consequence and further cause of global warming.
Safety.
Methane is not toxic; however, it is extremely flammable and may form explosive mixtures with air. Methane is violently reactive with oxidizers, halogens, and some halogen-containing compounds. Methane is also an asphyxiant and may displace oxygen in an enclosed space. Asphyxia may result if the oxygen concentration is reduced to below about 16% by displacement, as most people can tolerate a reduction from 21% to 16% without ill effects. The concentration of methane at which asphyxiation risk becomes significant is much higher than the 5–15% concentration in a flammable or explosive mixture. Methane off-gas can penetrate the interiors of buildings near landfills and expose occupants to significant levels of methane. Some buildings have specially engineered recovery systems below their basements to actively capture this gas and vent it away from the building.
Methane gas explosions are responsible for many deadly mining disasters. A methane gas explosion was the cause of the Upper Big Branch coal mine disaster in West Virginia on April 5, 2010, killing 25.
Extraterrestrial methane.
Methane has been detected or is believed to exist on all planets of the solar system, as well as on most of the larger moons. In most cases, it is believed to have been created by abiotic processes. Possible exceptions are Mars and Titan.

</doc>
<doc id="18582231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582231" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Khandwa">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Khandwa

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Khandwa () is a diocese located in the city of Khandwa in the Ecclesiastical province of Bhopal in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18582237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582237" title="Baitul Islam, Vaughan">
Baitul Islam, Vaughan

The Baitul Islam ("House of Islam") is a mosque in Vaughan north of Toronto run by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community (AMJ) in Canada.
It was inaugurated on October, 17th 1992 in the presence of the Khalifatul Masih IV and many Members of Parliament.
Peace Village.
Peace Village, also known as Ahmadiyya Village, is a housing project of 260 homes built on a parcel of land in the suburban community Maple at a walking distance from the Bai'tul Islam Mosque. All the nine streets within the neighbourhood are named after the Khalifa’s names and other prominent Ahmadi scholars. The main street is called Ahmadiyya Ave and there is also a public park named “Ahmadiyya Park”. The mosque is visible from all the streets.
The village was planned by Naseer Ahmad, and construction started on April 5, 1999. As of March 2009, there are plans to expand the mosque and build a high school in the surrounding empty fields.
Jamia Ahmadiyya.
The Baitul Hamd (), nearby in Mississauga (south-west of Toronto), served as the Jamia Ahmadiyya (Missionary Training College) for North America. Jamia Ahmadiyya is now in Tahir Hall, the local community center of Peace Village. 

</doc>
<doc id="18582238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582238" title="Tsering Dhundup">
Tsering Dhundup

Tsering Dhundup (21 February 1982) is a Tibetan football player and political activist from Dehradun. The midfielder plays for the Tibet national football team since 2007. Dhundup is top scorer since the 6-0 victory of Tibet against Delhi XI on 4 August 2007 as from the foundation of the Tibetan team in 1999. 
Dhundup is spokesperson of the Tibetan Youth Congress. In February 2008, Dhundup was arrested at the UN funded Tibetan Reception Centre in Kathmandu. He was held in a cell by the Nepalese immigration department before being handed back to the Chinese authorities at the Tibet-Nepal border at Tatopani on February. Exiled Tibetans and supporters have demanded his release.

</doc>
<doc id="18582241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582241" title="Mollem">
Mollem

Mollem is a village in the municipality of Asse, Flemish Brabant, Belgium.
It used to be a town on its own but now is a part of Asse.
Mollem has a railway station on line 60 between Jette and Dendermonde.
The hamlet of Bollebeek is close to the village.
Mollem's most famous place must be "Rie van Pol", a bar that has remained unchanged throughout the years.
Every year a lot off visitors (mostly foreign) visit Mollem just to visit this place.

</doc>
<doc id="18582244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582244" title="Troy University (New York)">
Troy University (New York)

Troy University was a short-lived university established at Troy, New York in 1858 under the auspices of the Methodist Episcopal Church. The school closed in 1861. The building that housed the university remained a prominent Troy landmark until 1969. On the site now is Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute's Folsom Library. 
There were initial plans for the founding of a college in Troy in 1853, and the plan for organization was adopted in 1854. The New York State Regents issued a provisional charter on April 13, 1855 to the educational board of the Methodist Episcopal Church. The original plan was for a four-year college course and an additional university course of "Lectures upon the higher branches of Science and literature, extending through two years". There also were unrealized plans for a school of Theology. A property was bought including most of Mount Ida in Troy, and a large building of Byzantine architecture was erected. 
The university opened for students on September 9, 1858, and the institution remained opened for about three years. On representations made to the Board of Regents by the President of the Board of Trustees, and by the Acting President of the faculty, the charter of Troy University was made absolute on March 18, 1861. Troy University was considered firmly enough established to allow for the 1859 creation of the Kappa Phi chapter of Delta Kappa Epsilon chartered March 2, 1860.
The administration of the University raised funds by selling scholarships, which were a right to attend in the future based on a current dollar amount. Apparently the inflationary period of the early 1860s destroyed the financial stability of the university. Sometime in 1862, the property's mortgage was foreclosed upon, and the site was purchased by St. Mary's Church of Albany. The Catholic Church maintained a seminary on the grounds, known as "St. Joseph's Theological Seminary of the Province of New York." In 1896, it became a Scholasticate of the Christian Brothers.
St. Joseph's Seminary trained hundreds of priests until it closed during the 1890s. The building was subsequently used for a variety of purposes including housing orphans for a time.
The huge four story building, with its four tall spires and Byzantine architecture was an imposing feature of the Troy skyline until it was razed in 1969. The building was purchased by RPI in 1958 and was renamed the "University Building". The School of Management, the Public Relations department and a portion of the Physics department occupied the first two floors. The upper floors were closed off due to concerns of structural instability. The building was demolished in 1969 and the Folsom Library was constructed on the site in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18582248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582248" title="Colleen Saidman">
Colleen Saidman

Colleen Saidman, an American yoga instructor and yoga celebrity, is the cofounder and codirector of Yoga Shanti in Sag Harbor, New York, and teaches along with her husband, popular yoga teacher Rodney Yee, in the Gaiam Yoga Club, online yoga club/virtual yoga studio. A yoga practitioner for over 20 years and a graduate of Jivamukti's Teacher Training, Colleen has been teaching for 12 years. She is also certified in Shiatsu. 
Appearances.
Colleen has been featured in several Gaiam DVDs including the "Mayo Clinic Wellness Solutions for Menopause" and "Yoga Burn". She has also been featured in "Vanity Fair" of June 2007; "Dan's Hampton Style" of May 2007; Southwest Airlines "Spirit" of June 2005; "First 5" magazine of spring 2004; "Yoga Journal" of November 2003; "New York Magazine" of June 2002 and July 2000; and "The New York Times" in January 2001. More recently, Colleen is hosting her own television show, "Yoga With a View" on the high-end luxury TV network, Plum TV.
Involvement.
Colleen Saidman serves as a cochair of the Urban Zen Foundation's Health and Wellness Initiative, which plans to bring yoga, meditation and massage to hospital patients around the country. She worked with Mother Theresa at the Home of the Destitute and Dying in Calcutta, India. Colleen teaches at yoga workshops, teacher trainings as well as retreats for women nationally and internationally.
Marriage to Rodney Yee.
Colleen Saidman and Rodney Yee married in December 2006 and live in The Hamptons. Colleen was a student of Rodney Yee's at the time, who was married. Since dating students violates the precepts of yoga teacher conduct as defined by the Yoga Alliance, this led to division in Yee-oriented communities. Despite the controversy over the beginnings of their relationship, Rodney Yee and Colleen Saidman have now been married since December 2006. Both yoga instructors continue to pursue their own careers (Rodney with YeeYoga and Gaiam; Colleen with Yoga Shanti) and in May 2008 opened an online yoga club / virtual yoga studio together called The Gaiam Yoga Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18582254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582254" title="Joseph Adams">
Joseph Adams

Joseph Adams may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18582268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582268" title="Humboldt Unified School District">
Humboldt Unified School District

Humboldt Unified School District is a school district based in Prescott Valley, Arizona, U.S.A.
It has about 6,500 students, 10 schools, and 800 employees. The district's superintendent is Dr. Paul H. Stanton.
It operates the following schools:

</doc>
<doc id="18582269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582269" title="Punica (poem)">
Punica (poem)

The Punica is a Latin epic poem in seventeen books in dactylic hexameter written by Silius Italicus (ca. 28–ca. 103 AD) comprising some twelve thousand lines (12,202, to be exact, if one includes a probably spurious passage in book 8). It is the longest surviving Latin poem from antiquity. Its theme is the Second Punic War and the conflict between the two great generals Hannibal and Scipio Africanus.
Composition.
The dates of the "Punica's" composition are not entirely clear. There is external evidence for composition dates from some of the epigrams of Martial. Martial 4.14, a poem dated to 88 AD, describes Silius' work on the "Punica", mentioning Scipio and Hannibal as the subjects of the poem. 7.63, dated to 92 AD also describes his work on the poem. Two passages of internal evidence also help date the "Punica". At 3.600ff. during Jupiter's prophecy about the future of Rome, describes significant events from the Flavian dynasty and the life of Domitian, such as the death of Vespasian, Titus' destruction of Jerusalem, Domitian's adoption of the title Germanicus (83 AD), and the burning of the Capitoline temple in 69 AD. Thus the passage puts a "terminus post quem" for Book 3 at 83 AD. At 14.685-88, the mention of a contemporary "vir" who has brought peace to the world and put a stop to illegal theft has been interpreted as referring to the accession of Nerva in 96 AD, although this reference to Nerva has been disputed. Thus, composition dates for the poem must be set at c. 83 to c. 96 AD, although since those dates do not include the first two or final three books, they must remain approximate. The poem is a work of Silius' old age, and thus his time spent at his Campanian villas collecting antiques and giving recitations, presumably of the "Punica". According to the epigrams of Martial cited above, the poem met with some success and was compared with the "Aeneid".
Poetic models and historical sources.
Silius, as a poet of historical epic, had to make use of both historical sources and poetic models. Livy is considered his single most important historical source, however, Silius differs his work from Livy's by often embellishing themes which are only briefly treated in Livy and altering the focus of his narrative. It is known that Silius also used other historians as sources. Silius should not be viewed as a simple transmitter of his historical sources, as "Livy in verse", but should be viewed as a poet who, while making use of historians, is not bound by the rules of historiography but rather of poetry. 
In choosing a historical subject, the Second Punic War, Silius had many poetic predecessors. From the time of Naevius onwards every great military struggle in which the Romans had been engaged had found its poet. Naevius' influence cannot be gauged because of the almost total loss of his poem on the First Punic War. Silius specifically names Virgil, Homer, and Ennius as his epic inspiration. Homer is mentioned at 13.778-797, where Silius has Scipio meet his shade in the underworld. Of Homer Silius' sybil praises Homer as the preeminent, universal, and divine poet who made Troy, (i.e. Rome) famous in song, saying "his poetry embraced the earth, sea, stars, and shades and he rivaled the Muses in song and Phoebus in glory," to which Scipio replies "If Fate would allow this poet to sing of Roman deeds, for all the world to hear, how much deeper an impression the same deeds would make upon posterity if Homer sang of them." Ennius is a character in Book 12 of the "Punica" (12.387-414) where he participates in a battle in Sardinia. Silius says that his account of Ennius' fight is his attempt to "hand down to long ages noble deeds, too little known, of a great man." He describes Ennius' birth, his prowess in war, and has Apollo prophesy his future, saying "he [Ennius shall be the first to sing of Roman wars in noble verse, exalting their commanders to the skies; he shall teach Helicon to repeat the sound of Roman poetry..."
Virgil is mentioned at 8.593-594, where Silius says of Virgil's hometown Mantua that it was "home of the Muses, raised to the sky by immortal verse, and a match for the lyre of Homer." Indeed, Virgil is considered Silius' most pervasive influence. His contemporaries Pliny and Martial discuss his almost crazed devotion to the spirit of Virgil (whom Silius is known to have worshipped as a god and whose tomb he bought and repaired) and often compare his poetry to the works of Virgil. Silius employs constantly Virgilian images, similes, tropes, and elements (such as his "nekyia" or the historically-themed shield of Hannibal) in the "Punica", and hardly a page goes by without some significant allusion to the "Aeneid". Finally, Lucan is a significant model for Silius, although Silius differs dramatically from Lucan's historical epic by his use of the divine machinery. Frederick Ahl posits that Silius construed his epic as occupying the historical and poetic midpoint between the "Aeneid" and the "Bellum Civile", forming a trilogy of poems on Roman history. Silius is closest to Lucan in his treatment of historical description, especially geography and battlefields, his focus on the macabre and violence, and his stoic tone.
Contents.
Book 1
The poem opens with phrase "ordior arma" "I set in order the arms" and tells how the poet's theme is the Second Punic War, setting up the conflict as the struggle between the Roman and Carthaginian nations for supremacy. The betrayal of Dido, familiar from the "Aeneid" and Juno's anger stir the goddess to prophesy the course of the war and choose Hannibal as her instrument of revenge. The childhood oath of Hannibal to his father Hamilcar at the Dido temple in Carthage is narrated, and his character is described as vicious, cunning, and daring. The priestess of the temple prophesies the war. Hasdrubal is slaughtered by Spanish Gauls in revenge for his crucifixion of their king. Hannibal succeeds him by the army's acclaim and attacks Saguntum the situation and Rutulian/Zacynthian history of which are described. The siege begins and Hannibal fights a duel with the Saguntine champion Murrus, who is slain. The Saguntine senate meets and requests that Rome send envoys to stop the siege.
Book 2
In Book 2, Hannibal dismisses the Roman envoys from Saguntum and addresses his troops with a threat to Rome. The siege of the city continues and the warrior princess Asbyte is killed by Theron, who is killed by Hannibal and mutilated. At Carthage, Hanno gives a speech calling Hannibal insolent, while Gestar gives a response that suggests Hanno is a Roman sympathizer. While campaigning against Spanish tribes, Hannibal receives a shield as a gift from the Galicians that shows Carthaginian history up to the siege of Saguntum. The Saguntines begin to suffer, and a saddened Hercules sends Fides to strengthen and ennoble the Saguntines. Juno sends Tisiphone, who whips the people into a madness that causes them to burn themselves alive. The poet addresses the Saguntines and ensures their immortality.
Book 3
Bostar is sent to consult Jupiter Ammon about the war. Hannibal visits the shrine of Hercules at Gades, where he admires the doors painted with the god's deeds and the unusual tides of the Atlantic Ocean. He tearfully sends his wife, the brave Imilce, back to Carthage, despite her wish to remain in the camp. Jupiter sends a dream to Hannibal in which he is led by Mercury into Italy with a destructive snake which symbolizes Hannibal. The poet offers a catalogue of Carthaginian troops. As Hannibal crosses the Pyrenees, their Herculean aetiology is explained. Hannibal crosses the Alps amid hardship while Venus asks Jupiter whether he plans on destroying Rome. Jupiter says his plan is to test Roman "virtus" and set the foundations of the Roman empire. He describes the future of Rome, which culminates in the reign of Domitian and a praise of the emperor's poetry. The response from Jupiter Ammon promises glory to Carthage.
Book 4
Fama incites fear and preparation in the Romans who ready themselves for Hannibal and his vengeance-seeking Gallic troops. Scipio encourages his troops and leads them to the Ticinus river where a bird omen promises that the Carthaginians can rout the Romans for 8 years, but will be overcome eventually by Rome. The Gauls and their hero Crixus stand out in the battle of Ticinus. Jupiter calls Mars to help the young Scipio after his father is killed, and he withdraws the troops to the river Trebia, where there is a large battle in which the Carthaginians prevail and the river attacks Scipio until it is burned up by Vulcan. Juno appears as the god of Lake Trasimene and tells Hannibal to march there. Hannibal refuses to allow his son to be sacrificed by lot to the gods and asks him ever to be an enemy of Rome.
Book 5
The history and mythical aetiology of Lake Trasimene is presented. Hannibal lays a trap for the Romans in a ravine while an enraged Flamininus goes on a rant against augury and refuses to heed the terrible sacrificial omens. The poet shudders to describe the battle from which the gods turn their faces away in obedience to fate except for a gleeful Juno. Bellona stirs the Carthaginian lines, while Appius distinguishes himself before dying. Mago is wounded but healed by the snake charmer/physician Synhalus. The Carthaginian hero Sychaeus is slain. The Romans seek refuge in the trees where they are slaughtered and there is an earthquake. Ducarius slays Flamininus who is buried by a heap of Roman dead.
Book 6
The book opens with a description of Bruttius' burial of the legionary eagle to save it from Hannibal. Serranus, a son of Marcus Atilius Regulus, escapes the battle and comes to the humble house of Marus at Perusia. There he is treated by Marus, who tells him the story of Regulus' battle with the Libyan snake at the river Bagradas (Medjerda) which leads the Naiads to demand suffering from Regulus in the future. Marus then tells Serranus about the Spartan Xanthippus in the First Punic War and the use of Regulus as an envoy for Carthage. Marcia, Serranus' mother, asks Regulus not to return, but he, respecting his oath, leaves her and is tortured to death by the Carthaginians. A bloodied Fama reports the battle at Rome, after which Quintus Fabius Maximus Cunctator, whose family history is described, is elected consul. Hannibal sees at Liternum temple doors portraying scenes from the First Punic War; in a rage he orders the temple burnt.
Book 7
Book 7 opens with an exploration of Fabius' tactics of delay. Hannibal learns from a prisoner the family history of the Fabii and then attempts to incite Fabius to battle as he ravages Campania and the Falernian countryside. The poet, as he says, cannot resist telling the story of Falernus' theoxenia of Bacchus and the gods gift of wine. Hannibal, by sparing Fabius' lands tries to make the dictator suspect but becomes trapped in a defile. By setting a herd of cattle on fire, a diversion is created so the Carthaginians can escape. Fabius called to Rome hands over command to the magister equitum Marcus Minucius Rufus. The Carthaginians land at Cumae, where they frighten the Nereids who go to Phorcys for prophecy. Phorkys tells the story of the Judgment of Paris and the reason for the war. Minucius, given equal powers with Fabius, attacks the Carthaginians and is barely saved by Fabius' force; the armies are reunited at the conclusion.
Book 8
Juno sends the spirit of Anna, the sister of Dido and now the nymph of the river Numicius, to Hannibal who is upset about his forced retreat. Anna tells Juno of Dido's suicide, her flight to Cyrene after Iarbas' invasion, her escape to Italy and Aeneas from Pygmalion's fleet, and her transformation into a river from fear of Lavinia, then hastens to Hannibal and encourages him by prophesying the Battle of Cannae. Varro is elected consul and gives a haughty speech criticizing Fabius, his colleague, Paulus, reluctantly decides to go to battle. There is a catalogue of Italian soldiers and allies. The book ends with an account of bad omens and an anonymous soldier's grim prophecy.
Critical responses to the "Punica".
In a well-known passage, Petronius pointedly describes the difficulties of the historic theme. A poet, he said, who should take upon him the vast subject of the civil wars would break down beneath the burden unless he were full of learning, since he would have not merely to record facts, which the historians did much better, but must possess an unshackled genius, to which full course must be given. by the use of digressions, by bringing divine beings on to the stage, and by giving generally a mythologic tinge to the subject. The Latin laws of the historic epic were fixed by Ennius, and were still binding when Claudian wrote. They were never seriously infringed, except by Lucan, who substituted for the "dei ex machina" of his predecessors the vast, dim and imposing Stoic conception of destiny.
By protracted application, and being full of learning, Silius had acquired excellent recipes for every ingredient that went to the making of the conventional historic epic. Though he is not named by Quintilian, he is probably hinted at in the mention of a class of poets who, as the writer says, write to show their learning. To seize the moments in the history, however unimportant, which were capable of picturesque treatment; to pass over all events, however important, which could not readily be rendered into heroics; to stuff out the somewhat modern heroes to something like Homeric proportions; to subject all their movements to the passions and caprices of the Olympians; to ransack the poetry of the past for incidents and similes on which a slightly new face might be put; to foist in by well-worn artifices episodes, however strange to the subject, taken from the mythologic or historic glories of Rome and Greece, all this Silius knew how to do. He did it all with the languid grace of the inveterate connoisseur, and with a simplicity foreign to his time, which sprang in part from cultivated taste and horror of the venturesome word, and in part from the subdued tone of a life which had come unscathed through the reigns of Caligula, Nero and Domitian.
The more threadbare the theme, and the more worn the machinery, the greater the need of genius. Two of the most rigid requirements of the ancient epic were abundant similes and abundant single combats. But all the obvious resemblances between the actions of heroic man and external nature had long been worked out, while for the renovation of the single combat little could be done till the hero of the Homeric type was replaced by the medieval knight. Silius, however, had perfect poetic appreciation, with scarce a trace of poetic creativeness. No writer has ever been more correctly and more uniformly judged by contemporaries and by posterity alike. Only the shameless flatterer, Martial, ventured to call his friend a poet as great as Virgil. But the younger Pliny gently says that he wrote poems with greater diligence than talent, and that, when, according to the fashion of the time, he recited them to his friends, he sometimes found out what men really thought of them. It is indeed strange that the poem lived on. Silius is never mentioned by ancient writers after Pliny except Sidonius, who, under different conditions and at a much lower level, was such another as he.
Since the discovery of Silius by Poggio, no modern enthusiast has arisen to sing his praises. His poem has been rarely edited since the 18th century. Yet, by the purity of his taste and his Latin in an age when taste was fast becoming vicious and Latin corrupt, by his presentation to us of a type of a thousand vanished Latin epics, and by the historic aspects of his subject, Silius merits better treatment from scholars than he has received. The general reader he can hardly interest again. He is indeed of imitation all compact, and usually dilutes what he borrows; he may add a new beauty, but new strength he never gives. Hardly a dozen lines anywhere are without an echo of Virgil, and there are frequent admixtures of Lucretius, Horace, Ovid, Lucan, Homer, Hesiod and many other poets still extant. If we could reconstitute the library of Silius we should probably find that scarcely an idea or a phrase in his entire work was wholly his own.
The raw material of the "Punica" was supplied in the main by the third decade of Livy, though Silius may have consulted other historians of the Hannibalic war. Such facts as are used are generally presented with their actual circumstances unchanged, and in their historic sequence. The spirit of the Punic times is but rarely misconceived—as when to secret voting is attributed the election of men like Gaius Flaminius and Gaius Terentius Varro, and distinguished Romans are depicted as contending in a gladiatorial exhibition. Silius clearly intended the poem to consist of twenty-four books, like the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey", but after the twelfth he hurries in visible weariness to the end, and concludes with seventeen.
The general plan of the epic follows that of the Iliad and the "Aeneid". Its theme is conceived as a duel between two mighty nations, with parallel dissensions among the gods. Scipio Africanus and Hannibal are the two great heroes who take the place of Achilles and Hector on the one hand and of Aeneas and Turnus on the other, while the minor figures are all painted with Virgilian or Homeric pigments. In the delineation. of character our poet is neither very powerful nor very consistent. His imagination was too weak to realize the actors with distinctness and individuality. His Hannibal is evidently at the outset meant for an incarnation of cruelty and treachery, the embodiment of all that the vulgar Roman attached to the name Punic. But in the course of the poem the greatness of Hannibal is borne in upon the poet, and his feeling of it betrays itself in many touches. Thus he names Scipio the great Hannibal of Ausonia; he makes Juno assure the Carthaginian leader that if fortune had only permitted him to be born a Roman he would have been admitted to a place among the gods; and, when the ungenerous monster of the first book accords in the fifteenth a splendid burial to Marcellus, the poet cries, 'You would fancy it was a Sidonian chief who had fallen.' Silius deserves little pity for the failure of his attempt to make Scipio an equipoise to Hannibal and the counterpart in personal prowess and prestige of Achilles. He becomes in the process almost as mythical a figure as the medieval Alexander. The best drawn of the minor characters are Fabius Cunctator, an evident copy of Lucan's Cato, and Paullus, the consul killed at Cannae, who fights, hates and dies like a genuine man.
Clearly it was a matter of religion with Silius to repeat and adapt all the striking episodes of Homer and Virgil. Hannibal must have a shield of marvellous workmanship like Achilles and Aeneas; because Aeneas descended into Hades and had a vision of the future history of Rome, so must Scipio have his revelation from heaven; Trebia, choked with bodies, must rise in ire like Xanthus, and be put to flight by Vulcan; for Virgil's Camilla there must be an Asbyte, heroine of Saguntum; the beautiful speech of Euryalus when Nisus seeks to leave him is too good to be thrown away—furbished up a little, it will serve as a parting address from Imilce to her husband Hannibal. The descriptions of the numerous battles are made up in the main, according to epic rule, of single combats—wearisome sometimes in Homer, wearisome oftener in Virgil, painfully wearisome in Silius. The different component parts of the poem are on the whole fairly well knit together, and the transitions are not often needlessly abrupt; yet occasionally incidents and episodes are introduced with all the irrelevancy of the modern novel. The interposition of the gods is, however, usually managed with dignity and appropriateness.
As to diction and detail, we miss, in general, power rather than taste. The metre runs on with correct smooth monotony, with something always of the Virgilian sweetness, though attenuated, but nothing of the Virgilian variety and strength. The dead level of literary execution is seldom broken by a rise into the region of genuine pathos and beauty, or by a descent into the ludicrous or the repellent. There are few absurdities, but the restraining force is trained perception and not a native sense of humour, which, ever present in Homer, not entirely absent in Virgil, and sometimes finding grim expression in Lucan, fails Silius entirely. The address of Anna, Dido's sister, to Juno compels a smile. Though deified on her sister's death, and for a good many centuries already an inhabitant of heaven, Anna meets Juno for the first time on the outbreak of the Second Punic War, and deprecates the anger of the queen of heaven for having deserted the Carthaginians and attached herself to the Roman cause. Hannibal's parting address to his child is also comical: he recognizes in the heavy wailing of the year-old babe the seeds of rages like his own. But Silius might have been forgiven for a thousand more weaknesses than he has if in but a few things he had shown strength. The grandest scenes in the history before him fail to lift him up; his treatment, for example, of Hannibal's Alpine passage falls immensely below Lucan's vigorous delineation of Cato's far less stirring march across the African deserts.
But in the very weaknesses of Silius we may discern merit. He at least does not try to conceal defects of substance by contorted rhetorical conceits and feebly forcible exaggerations. In his ideal of what Latin expression should be he comes near to his contemporary Quintilian, and resolutely holds aloof from the tenor of his age. Perhaps his want of success with the men of his time was not wholly due to his faults. His self-control rarely fails him; it stands the test of the horrors of war, and of Venus working her will on Hannibal at Capua. Only a few passages here and there betray the true silver Latin extravagance. In the avoidance of rhetorical artifice and epigrammatic antithesis Silius stands in marked contrast to Lucan, yet at times he can write with point. Regarded merely as a poet he may not deserve high praise; but, as he is a unique specimen and probably the best of a once numerous class, the preservation of his poem among the remains of Latin Literature is a fortunate accident.
The poem was discovered in a manuscript, possibly at Constance, by Poggio, in 1416 or 1417; from this now lost manuscript all existing manuscripts, which belong entirely to the 15th century, are derived.
Editions.
A valuable manuscript of the 8th or 9th century, found at Cologne by L. Carrion in the latter part of the 16th century, disappeared soon after its discovery. Two "editiones principes" appeared at Rome in 1471; the principal editions since have been those of Heinsius (1600), Drakenborch (1717), Ernesti (Leipzig, 1791) and L. Bauer (1890). The "Punica" is included in the second edition of the "Corpus poetarum Latinorum". A useful variorum edition is that of Lemaître (Paris, 1823).
Recent writing on Silius is generally in the form of separate articles or small pamphlets; but see H. E. Butler, "Post-Augustan Poetry" (1909), chap. x.
In 1934 the "Punica" was edited, translated, and published in Loeb Classical Editions.
Commentaries.
Peter Marso (1442–1512) wrote a commentary on the "Punica" 6 May 1483.

</doc>
<doc id="18582280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582280" title="Øystein Bache">
Øystein Bache

Øystein Bache (born 23 September 1960 in Oslo) is a Norwegian comedian and actor.
He has worked on many comedy programmes for NRK1 together with his partner Rune Gokstad. He is best known as the frontman on the satirical TV programme "Egentlig" 1993-97 and its follow-up "Øystein og meg" 1997-2000. Bache has long been linked with live television programmes such as the Norwegian Melodi Grand Prix which he presented in 1998, 1999 and 2003. From 2003 he began to present NRK's Frokost-TV. Bache is also the presenter of the comedy programme "Løvebakken" which is shown on Saturdays. He also often takes part in the panel on the radio show Twenty Questions on NRK P1 and has also been the stand-in host. 
He has recently worked as producer on a number of programmes shown on NRK, most recently Fridtjofs jul which was shown at Christmas.

</doc>
<doc id="18582301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582301" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Nashik">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Nashik

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nashik () is a diocese located in the city of Nashik in the Ecclesiastical province of Bombay in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18582302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582302" title="Roberto Zywica">
Roberto Zywica

Roberto Zywica (born 21 January 1947 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine former football midfielder and manager.
Playing career.
Zywica started his professional playing career in 1966 with CA River Plate. He joined Gimnasia La Plata where he was part of "La Barredora" team.
In 1971 he joined Stade de Reims alongside teammate Delio Onnis, where he played three seasons and was nicknamed "Roberto Z". He enjoyed three more seasons in France, with Troyes, Toulouse and GFCO Ajaccio.
He ended his career in Argentina with stints with All Boys, Nueva Chicago, Banfield and Atlanta.
Managerial career.
He has managed Belgrano and Tristán Suárez in 1993–94.

</doc>
<doc id="18582314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582314" title="Nabataean kingdom">
Nabataean kingdom

The Nabataean kingdom, also named "Nabatea" (many times spelled "Nabatean"), was a political state of the Nabataeans which existed during classical antiquity and was annexed by the Roman Empire in CE 106.
Geography.
Located between the Sinai Peninsula and the Arabian Peninsula, its northern neighbour was the kingdom of Judea, and its south western neighbour was Ptolemaic Egypt. Its capital was the city of Petra in Jordan, and it included the towns of Bostra, Mada'in Saleh, and Nitzana.
Petra was a wealthy trading town, located at a convergence of several important trade routes. One of them was the Incense Route which was based around the production of both myrrh and frankincense in southern Arabia, and ran through Mada'in Saleh to Petra. From here the aromatics were distributed throughout the Mediterranean region.
History.
Nabataean origins go back to a time when they were nomadic pastoralists in the Negev and the Sinai Peninsula around the 4th century BCE.
Nabateans and Hasmoneans.
The Nabataeans were allies of the first Hasmoneans in their struggles against the Seleucid monarchs. They then became rivals of the Judaean dynasty, and a chief element in the disorders which invited Pompey's intervention in Judea. Many Nabataeans were forcefully converted to Judaism by the Hasmonean king Alexander Jannaeus. It was this King who, after putting down a local rebellion, invaded and occupied the Nabataean towns of Moab and Gilead and imposed a tribute of an unspecified amount. Obodas I knew that Alexander would attack, so was able to ambush Alexander's forces near Gaulane (Golan) destroying the Judean army in 90 BCE.
Under the reign of Aretas III (87 to 62 BCE) the kingdom seems to have reached its territorial zenith, but was defeated by a Roman army under the command of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus. Scaurus' army even besieged Petra, but eventually a compromise was negotiated. Paying a tribute, Aretas III received the formal recognition by the Roman Republic. 
The Nabatean kingdom saw itself slowly surrounded by the expanding Roman Empire, which conquered Egypt and annexed Hasmonean Judea. While the Nabatean kingdom managed to preserve its formal independence, it became a client kingdom under the influence of Rome.
Roman annexation.
In 106 CE, during the reign of Roman emperor Trajan, the last king of the Nabatean kingdom Rabbel II Soter died. This event might have prompted the official annexation of Nabatea to the Roman Empire, although the formal reasons, and the exact manner of annexation, are unknown.
Some epigraphic evidence suggests a military campaign, commanded by Cornelius Palma, the governor of Syria. Roman forces seem to have come from Syria and also from Egypt. It is clear that by 107 CE Roman legions were stationed in the area around Petra and Bostra, as is shown by a papyrus found in Egypt. The kingdom was annexed by the empire, becoming the province of Arabia Petraea. Trade seems to have largely continued thanks to the Nabataens' undiminished talent for trading.
Under Hadrian, the "limes Arabicus" ignored most of the Nabatæan territory and ran northeast from Aila (modern Aqaba) at the head of the Gulf of Aqaba. A century later, during the reign of Alexander Severus, the local issue of coinage came to an end. There is no more building of sumptuous tombs, owing apparently to some sudden catastrophe, such as an invasion by the neo-Persian power under the Sassanid Empire. 
The city of Palmyra, for a time the capital of the breakaway Palmyrene Empire (fl. 130–270), grew in importance and attracted the Arabian trade away from Petra.

</doc>
<doc id="18582349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582349" title="Freiflug">
Freiflug

"Freiflug" (German for 'Free Flight') is the fourth single from the German metal band Megaherz, and the third and final single from their album Kopfschuss. The single hit the German alternative charts at #7.
Video.
The video for Freiflug shows Alexander "Alexx" Wesselsky, the vocalist for the band, tied up in rope and hung over a fire (as shown in the cover for the single). Rats feature prominently in the video, and the clown from the cover of Kopfschuss is also shown. At the end of the video, rats chew through the ropes supporting him and he falls, presumably to his death. 
The video is available for free download and streaming on the official Megaherz site.

</doc>
<doc id="18582350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582350" title="Cecilia Hae-Jin Lee">
Cecilia Hae-Jin Lee

Cecilia Hae-Jin Lee (born 1970) is a Korean American writer and artist. She works in many media including installation, photography, painting and drawing. She has exhibited worldwide, created public art projects and written for various magazines, newspapers and online publications.
Early life.
Lee was born in Seoul, South Korea. She emigrated to the United States with her family in the late 1970s. She graduated from the art school at University of California, San Diego.
Career.
Lee has written cookbooks, travel guides and numerous magazine and newspaper articles. She has written for "Food and Wine" magazine, "Eating Well", the "Los Angeles Times", "The Washington Post", the "Whole Life Times", the "Asian Pacific American Journal", and MGM Studios. She is also a conceptual and mixed media artist, and has created public art pieces for the City of Los Angeles and the University of Southern California (USC).

</doc>
<doc id="18582351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582351" title="Cabalzarite">
Cabalzarite

Cabalzarite is a rare arsenate mineral with formula: (Ca(Mg,Al,Fe3+)2[AsO4]2·2(H2O,OH). It is a member of the tsumcorite group. It crystallizes in the monoclinic system and typically occurs as clusters of crystals or granular aggregates.
It was first described for samples from an abandoned manganese mine in Falotta, Graubünden, Switzerland and named for Swiss amateur mineralogist Walter Cabalzar. It was approved as a new mineral by the IMA in 1997. It has also been reported from the Aghbar mine in Ouarzazate Province, Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="18582357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582357" title="Duke of Miranda do Corvo">
Duke of Miranda do Corvo

The Dukes of Miranda do Corvo (in Portuguese "Duque de Miranda do Corvo") was a Portuguese title of nobility granted by Queen Maria I of Portugal, by a royal decree dated from May 13, 1796, to "Dom" José João Miguel de Bragança e Ligne, 1st Duke of Miranda do Corvo, who died in 1801, before his father, João Carlos de Bragança e Ligne de Sousa Tavares Mascarenhas da Silva, 2nd Duke of Lafões.
The title of Duke of Miranda do Corvo (originally Count of Miranda do Corvo) was subsidiary to the title of Duke of Lafões, and was used by the House of Lafões heir during his father's life.
Bibliography.
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil" – Vol. II, pages 747/748. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18582362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582362" title="Tashi Tsering">
Tashi Tsering

Tashi Tsering (also spelt "Trashi Tshering" or "Zhaxi Cering") is a common Tibetan name. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18582365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582365" title="Kobbegem">
Kobbegem

Kobbegem is a village that is now part of the municipality of Asse, Flemish Brabant, Belgium.
It was an independent agricultural municipality until 1976. In 1997 it had 805 inhabitants and a brewery.

</doc>
<doc id="18582382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582382" title="Khalifa Coastal Refinery">
Khalifa Coastal Refinery

Khalifa Coastal Refinery is a proposed oil refinery in Khalifa Point in Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan. Bosicor Oil Refinery and HUBCO power will be its major neighbouring industries. The refinery site is to be located at Hub, Balochistan, near Gaddani coastal area. It covers . The project is expected to cost US$6 billion. According to media sources, it will be the largest single foreign direct investment ever made in Pakistan.
The refinery will have a capacity of , equal to 13 million tons of petroleum products per year. It is an existing refinery to be dismantled and relocated from North America to Pakistan. In addition to the refinery, the project includes also 250 MW natural gas-fired power plant, a grid station, a seaport jetty and a city to accommodate refinery workers.
The project was approved by Government of Pakisntan in October 2007. Owners of the refinery will be Pak-Arab Refinery (PARCO) (24%) and International Petroleum Investment Company of Abu-Dhabi (IPIC) (76%). The project was suspended several times by IPIC, but continued. As of January 2012, the project has put on hold due to various issues including lack of gas supply, lack of security and issues related to governance and economy, such as circular debt, which is affecting IPIC's other investments in Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18582392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582392" title="Gre Tai Securities Market">
Gre Tai Securities Market

The Gre Tai Securities Market (GTSM; 證券櫃檯買賣中心) is a foundation which organized for serving the over-the-counter (OTC) market and bond trading of Taiwan. It was formally found on November 1, 1994. The initial fund of the foundation was donated by the Taiwan Stock Exchange, Taiwan Securities Association, and Taiwan Depository & Clearing. It headquarter is located at Zhongzheng District of Taipei City.
The exchange has normal trading sessions from 09:00am to 02:00pm and post-market sessions from 02:00pm to 02:30pm on all days of the week except Saturdays, Sundays and holidays declared by the Exchange in advance.

</doc>
<doc id="18582398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582398" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Poona">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Poona

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Pune () is a diocese located in the city of Pune in the Ecclesiastical province of Mumbai in India.
The Poona Diocee consists of the civil districts of Pune, Satara, Solapur, Sangli & Kolhapur city. In about 1790 the Archbishop of Goa at the request of Dom Manuel Noronha, a Portuguese officer working in the Peshwa's army, sent Fr.Vincent Joaquim Menezes to minister to the Catholics working in the army of Peshwas.
Fr.Menezes resided and said Mass in the house of Dom Noronha. In 1794, with the contribution of the Catholics in the army, a small chapel was built at Nana Peth on a plot offered by the Peshwa. The first Mass was celebrated in this chapel on Christmasday. These were the beginning of the Church of the Immaculate Conception, commonly known as the City Church.
Around 1800 the Vicar Apostolic of Bombay started sending his priests to minister to the Catholics in the Scindia's army but he stopped this about 1804. In 1835 Fr.Britto, a Goan priest working under the Vicar Apostolic acted as Military Chaplain in a chapel built at Right Flank Lines, Wanowrie. In 1850 St.Patrick's Church, the present Cathedral was built.
Poona was erected into a Vicariate Apostolic by dismemberment from Bombay on March 8, 1854, and entrusted to the society of Jesus. The Vicar Apostolic of Bombay remained Administrator till the Hierarchy was established in 1886. Rt.Rev.Bernard Bieder-Linden SJ was appointed its first Bishop.
On October 20, 1953 the Catholics of Ratnagiri District and those of the Church of the Immaculate Conception, Pune, who formerly belonged to the Archdiocese of Goa, were placed under the jurisdiction of the Bishop of Poona. On November 30, 1953 the districts of Dharwar and Bijapur, formerly in the Poona Diocese were attached to the newly constituted Diocese of Belgaum.
On June 9, 1987 the Diocese of Nashik was created, comprising four districts - Nashik, Dhule, Jalgaon and Ahmednagar - of the Poona Diocese. Jesuit Thomas Bhalerao became its first bishop. St.Patrick's Cathedral was rededicated on October 22, 1987. The roof of the old Cathedral collapsed shortly before midnight on July 15, 1984. The outer walls and facade have been retained, but there is now a vault roof of concrete.
The Eparchy of Kalyan, which is contiguous with the Archdiocese of Bombay and the Dioceses of Poona and Nashik, was created on May 19, 1988. On August 24, 1988 Paul Chittilapilly was ordained Eparch of Kalyan, and the new diocese was formally inaugurated. All Catholics of the Syro-Malabar rite in the diocese came under his jurisdiction.
The First Diocesan Synod was held at Ishvani Kendra, Pune, from 11 to 14 February 2003. 144 delegates from all the 7 districts attended.

</doc>
<doc id="18582415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582415" title="Tashi Tsering (footballer)">
Tashi Tsering (footballer)

Club career.
Tsering has played for Manang Marsyangdi for several years and was noted for his strong performances for the club in the AFC President's Cup 2006.
International career.
Tsering has appeared for Nepal in two qualifiers for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. He also appeared in five matches for Nepal, scoring once, at the 2006 AFC Challenge Cup, where he played in the semi-final as Nepal lost to Sri Lanka on penalties.

</doc>
<doc id="18582416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582416" title="Tim Tebow">
Tim Tebow

Timothy Richard "Tim" Tebow (; born August 14, 1987) is a former American football quarterback who played for the Denver Broncos and New York Jets in the NFL. He played college football for the University of Florida, winning the Heisman Trophy in 2007 and appearing on BCS National Championship-winning teams in the 2006 and 2008 seasons. Tebow was selected by the Denver Broncos in the first round of the 2010 NFL Draft.
Tebow became the University of Florida Gators' starting quarterback during the 2007 season when he became the first college sophomore to win the Heisman Trophy. In 2008, Tebow led Florida to a 13–1 record and its second national championship in three years, and was named the offensive MVP of the national championship game. The Gators again went 13–1 in 2009, his senior year. At the conclusion of his college career, he held the Southeastern Conference's all-time records in both career passing efficiency and total rushing touchdowns, appearing second and tenth (respectively) in the NCAA record book in these categories.
As a member of the Denver Broncos, he started the last three games of his rookie season and became the team's full-time starting quarterback beginning in the sixth game of 2011. The Broncos were 1–4 before he became the starter, but began winning with him on the field, often coming from behind late in the fourth quarter, until they won their first AFC West title and first since 2005, defeating the Pittsburgh Steelers in overtime. Tebow was traded to the New York Jets during the offseason after the Broncos acquired free agent quarterback Peyton Manning. Tebow received little playing time for the Jets and on April 29, 2013, the Jets released Tebow after drafting quarterback Geno Smith. He signed a two-year, non-guaranteed contract with New England on June 11, 2013, before being cut from the team on August 31, 2013.
On December 30, 2013, he was hired by ESPN as a college football analyst.
Early years.
Tim Tebow is a descendant of Andries Tibout, who emigrated from Bruges in Flanders, Belgium to New Amsterdam (later known as New York City). Tebow's parents met while attending the University of Florida in the late 1960s. Pamela, his mother, was a freshman and his father, Robert, was a sophomore at the time. The couple married on June 12, 1971, before Pamela's graduation from the University. In 1985, the family moved to the Philippines where they served as Baptist missionaries and built a ministry. Prior to becoming pregnant with Tim, his mother contracted amoebic dysentery and fell into a coma. She discovered she was pregnant while recovering. Because of the medications used to treat her, the fetus experienced a severe placental abruption. Doctors expected a stillbirth and recommended an abortion. The Tebows decided against it citing their strong faith (abortion was illegal in the Philippines in any case). On August 14, 1987, she gave birth to Tim in Manila.
Tim Tebow is the youngest of five children. He and his siblings were all homeschooled by their parents, who instilled the family's Christian beliefs. In 1996, legislation was passed in Florida allowing home-schooled students to compete in high school sporting events. The law, which later became known as the Tim Tebow law, specifies that home-schooled students may participate on the team of the local high school in the school district in which they live. Tebow took advantage of this law when he decided to attend Trinity Christian Academy, the local high school in his hometown of Jacksonville, where he played tight end. In 2003, he moved into an apartment in nearby St. Johns County, making him eligible to play for the struggling football program at Allen D. Nease High School where he could play quarterback. His performance led to a minor controversy regarding the fact that, although home-schooled, he had his choice of school for which to play.
Tebow came to national prominence as a junior at Nease, known for his running and throwing abilities, as well as an intense competitiveness. Later that year, he suffered an injury to his right leg late in the first half of a game. Originally believed to be suffering from a bad cramp, he actually played the entire second half with a broken fibula, at one point rushing for a 29-yard touchdown. After the game the extent of the injury was discovered and he was held out for the remainder of his junior season. Nevertheless he was named Florida's Player of the Year and became a major college football quarterback prospect.
During his senior season he led the Nease Panthers to a state title, earned All-State honors, was named Florida's Mr. Football and a "Parade" magazine high school All-American, and repeated as Florida's Player of the Year. He played in the U.S. Army All-American Bowl in San Antonio, Texas which featured the top 78 senior high school football players in the nation and was shown nationally on NBC television.
Tebow was the subject of an ESPN "Faces in Sports" documentary. The segment was titled "Tim Tebow: The Chosen One", and focused on Tebow's home school controversy and missionary work in the Philippines, his athletic exploits, and the college recruiting process. Tim Tebow was also featured in "Sports Illustrated" on the "Faces in the Crowd" page. In 2007, he was named to FHSAA's All-Century Team that listed the Top 33 football players in the state of Florida's 100-year history of high school football. Despite family ties to the University of Florida, where his parents met as students, Tebow considered other schools, including the University of Alabama. One of the reasons he gave for choosing Florida was coach Urban Meyer's spread option offense, an offense for which Tebow was deemed an archetypal quarterback. Prior to enrolling at the University of Florida, he spent three summers in the Philippines, helping with his father's orphanage and missionary work.
Homeschooling.
On January 7, 2007, Tebow was featured prominently in an ESPN "Outside The Lines" feature on home-schooled athletes seeking equal access to high school athletics in other states. Because a home-schooler's access to public and private school athletic functions vary by state, Tebow and former defensive end Jason Taylor (who was allowed to play at his local high school in Pennsylvania) argued in favor of extending the right to play for local teams to more states. Upon becoming the first home-schooled athlete to be nominated for the Heisman Trophy, he remarked, "That's really cool. A lot of times people have this stereotype of home-schoolers as not very athletic – it's like, go win a spelling bee or something like that – it's an honor for me to be the first one to do that." Tebow received the 2008 Quaqua Protégé Award as outstanding home-education graduate.
College career.
Tebow received an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida and play for the Florida Gators football team from 2006 to 2009. While he spent his freshman year as a backup, eventual career highlights at Florida include winning the Heisman Trophy in 2007, leading the team to a BCS championship in 2008, and a 13–1 season in 2009. The Gators' coaches selected him as a team captain in 2008 and 2009, and he is the only three-time recipient of the Gators' most valuable player award, having been chosen by his teammates in 2007, 2008, and 2009. 
2006.
Despite a strong showing in his first intersquad scrimmage, Coach Urban Meyer named Tebow second string behind Chris Leak. A backup throughout the season, Tebow was a significant contributor to the Gators' 2006 success. He made his college debut coming off the bench in a goal line situation against Southern Miss. He rushed for a touchdown on a designed quarterback scramble on his first play. In his next game, he led the team in rushing yards against UCF.
Tebow made his SEC debut against the Tennessee Volunteers on September 16. His performance included a ten-yard run on his first carry and converting a critical fourth down near the end of the game, which led to the Gators' go-ahead touchdown. Tebow's biggest game in the season came against the LSU Tigers on October 7, where he accounted for all three of the Gators' touchdowns, passing for two and rushing for another. Tebow played a role in the Gators' victory in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game against Ohio State. He threw for one touchdown and rushed for another, finishing with 39 rushing yards. He finished 2006 with the second-most rushing yards on the Gator team.
2007.
Although questions about his passing skill loomed, Tebow was named the Florida Gators starting quarterback for the 2007 season. He opened the year 13-of-17 for 300 yards and three touchdowns in his starting debut against Western Kentucky University. Tebow finished the regular season with the second highest passing efficiency in the nation with 177.8. Additionally, he averaged 4.3 yards per carry on the ground.
Tebow set numerous personal, school and national records in the 2007 season, including:
On November 24, against the Florida State Seminoles, Tebow threw for three touchdowns and rushed for two in a 45–12 rout of the Seminoles. It was later revealed that Tebow fractured his right hand during the third quarter but played the rest of the game. He had to wear a cast for the next three weeks.
After the 2007 season, Tebow was recognized as a first-team All-SEC selection and a consensus first-team All-American, He won the Heisman Trophy, given to the most outstanding college football player of the year. Tebow also received the Davey O'Brien Award, annually given to the best quarterback in the nation, on February 18 in Fort Worth, Texas.
Heisman Trophy.
On December 8, 2007, Tebow was awarded the Heisman Trophy, finishing ahead of Arkansas's Darren McFadden, Hawaii's Colt Brennan, and Missouri's Chase Daniel. He was the first sophomore to win the Heisman Trophy. He garnered 462 first-place votes and 1,957 points, 254 points ahead of the runner-up, Arkansas running back Darren McFadden. He finished the regular season as the only player in FBS history to rush and pass for at least 20 touchdowns in both categories in the same season. He had 32 passing touchdowns, and 23 rushing touchdowns. Tebow's rushing TD total in the 2007 season is the most recorded for any position in SEC history. The total also set the record for most rushing touchdowns by a quarterback in FBS history. Tebow became the third UF player to win the Heisman Trophy, joining Steve Spurrier and Danny Wuerffel.
2008.
Before the 2007 season had even come to a close, Florida coach Urban Meyer stated that he would likely use two quarterbacks during the 2008 season to take some of the workload off of Tebow's shoulders. Tebow led the Gators in rushing in 2007 but also had to play through a bruised shoulder and broken non-throwing hand. Before the 2008 season even started, Tebow had his name pulled from consideration for the Playboy Preseason All-American team because it conflicted with his Christian beliefs.
On November 1, 2008, playing against the Georgia Bulldogs, Tebow ran for his 37th rushing touchdown, breaking the school record previously held by former Florida running back Emmitt Smith. Tebow led the Gators to a 12–1 record in 2008. After clinching the Southeastern Conference Eastern Division title, the team played for and won the SEC title in the 2008 SEC Championship Game against the Alabama Crimson Tide. The win secured the #2 ranking in the final BCS standings, which earned the Gators the chance to play the #1 ranked Oklahoma Sooners in the 2009 BCS National Championship Game, which they won 24–14. 
Tebow finished third in the 2008 Heisman Trophy voting, with Oklahoma's Sam Bradford taking the top spot followed by Texas' Colt McCoy, despite Tebow receiving the most first-place votes. He won the Maxwell Award in 2008, only the second player to ever win the award twice.
On January 11, 2009, at a national championship celebration held at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium, Tebow announced that he would not make himself eligible for the 2009 NFL Draft, but would instead return for his senior season at Florida. A day later, he had surgery on his right shoulder to remove a bone spur in an effort to reduce chronic inflammation.
2009.
Tebow opened the 2009 season continuing a streak of throwing and running for a touchdown in blowout wins over Charleston Southern and Troy. He ran for a touchdown in the third game, a win against Tennessee, but failed to throw for a touchdown for the first time since his freshman season. In answer to an interview question, Tebow stated he was a virgin. The statement was subject to much discussion about whether the question was necessary, including criticism of the reporter who originally asked.
Tebow started against Kentucky despite suffering from a respiratory illness and taking two bags of intravenous fluids before the game. He ran for two touchdowns to put him in 2nd place on the all-time SEC touchdown list and he also threw for a touchdown. Late in the third quarter, he was hit in the chest by Kentucky defensive end Taylor Wyndham, fell backwards, and hit the back of his head on the knee of Florida tackle Marcus Gilbert, who was wearing a hard knee brace. Upon impact, Tebow briefly displayed a prominent fencing response with his left arm, indicating that a concussion had taken place. He lay motionless for several minutes before being helped to the sidelines, where he vomited. He was taken by ambulance to the University of Kentucky Chandler Medical Center. A CT scan showed no bleeding in the brain, with the injury described as a mild concussion. Coach Urban Meyer stayed the night in the hospital with Tebow, who was discharged in the morning. Coincidentally, Florida did not have a game scheduled for the following Saturday, and Tebow was cleared to play in the Gators' next contest at LSU on October 10, two weeks after the incident.
On October 31, 2009, while playing against the Georgia Bulldogs, Tebow ran for his 50th and 51st rushing touchdowns, breaking the SEC career record previously held by former Georgia running back Herschel Walker. His penultimate collegiate game, the 2009 SEC Championship, saw him once again facing the University of Alabama. Tebow threw for 245 yards and a touchdown and led the team with 63 yards rushing, but the Gators fell 32–13 and lost their chance to play for a second consecutive national title. Florida beat Cincinnati 51–24 in the 2010 Sugar Bowl the following January. In what was Tebow's last college game, he completed 31-of-35 passes for 482 yards and three touchdowns and accounted for four total touchdowns and 533 yards of total offense, which set a record for a Bowl Championship Series game. He graduated from the University of Florida in December 2009.
College statistics and records.
At the end of his college career, Tebow held 5 NCAA, 14 Southeastern Conference, and 28 University of Florida statistical records. He was the SEC's all-time leader in career passing efficiency (170.8), completion percentage (67.1%), passing touchdown to interception ratio (5.5 to 1), rushing yards by a quarterback (2947), rushing touchdowns (any position) (57), and total touchdowns responsible for (145). Among many mentions in the NCAA Division-I record book, Tebow is ranked second in career passing efficiency, third in career yards per attempt (9.33), 8th in career rushing touchdowns, and also owns the record for most consecutive games in which he both threw at least one touchdown pass and scored at least one rushing touchdown (14).
"The Tebow Rule".
In 2010 a new rule for the next NCAA football season banned messages on eye paint. This rule was dubbed "The Tebow Rule" by media because it would have affected him.
During his college football career, he frequently wore references to biblical verses on his eye black. In the 2009 BCS Championship Game, he wore on his eye black; the verse was the highest-ranked Google search term over the next 24 hours, generating over 90 million searches. Additionally, later, when Tebow switched to another verse, there were 3.43 million searches of "Tim Tebow" and "Proverbs 3:5-6" together.
Tebow stated of the searches "It just goes to show you the influence and the platform that you have as a student-athlete and as a quarterback at Florida".
Despite the media labeling it as the Tebow rule, the NCAA denies the rule was influenced by Tebow in particular, since many other notable players (Reggie Bush and Terrelle Pryor for example) wear or have worn messages on eye black. An NCAA spokesman said: "When this rule was proposed, the committee did not focus on any one team or student athlete. That measure reinforces what the intended use of eye black is, which is to shade the eyes from the sun."
The NFL already had a rule prohibiting players from wearing messages on eye black, so Tebow could not have continued the practice in the NFL.
Professional career.
Pre-draft.
After passing on the 2009 NFL Draft for his senior season at Florida, Tebow went on to enter the 2010 NFL Draft. Despite his college success, Tebow's NFL potential was much debated. According to former Tampa Bay Buccaneers coach Jon Gruden, he could "revolutionize" the pro game. Says Gruden: "Tim Tebow is 250 pounds, and he's the strongest human being that's ever played the position. He can throw well enough at any level." Former Indianapolis Colts coach Tony Dungy said he would pick Tebow with a top 10 pick over any quarterback in the 2010 draft. However, NFL analyst Mel Kiper believed Tebow did not have the intangibles to play quarterback in the NFL. "I don't think he can be a fulltime quarterback. I don't think he can be the quarterback of the future for you, but I do think in the third round, maybe the second round, he'll be the same as Pat White", said Kiper.
Tebow was particularly mentioned as a potential third round pick of the Jacksonville Jaguars, his hometown team. Some, including Florida governor Charlie Crist, suggested that Tebow could be the remedy for dwindling Jaguars ticket sales at EverBank Field.
Early in the 2009 season, Jaguars owner Wayne Weaver stated: "He (Tebow) clearly is an outstanding football player and would be an asset to any football organization. Clearly there's going to be a groundswell for Tebow, and we'll have to make that evaluation if we have a draft pick that's going to be anywhere near him." Not everyone in the organization agreed, as Jaguar lineman Uche Nwaneri posted doubts about Tebow's potential NFL success on his team's website message board.
Denver Broncos.
2010.
Tebow was selected by the Denver Broncos in the first round (25th overall) of the 2010 NFL Draft. The Broncos had acquired the pick in a trade with the Baltimore Ravens on the first night of the draft for the Broncos' second, third and fourth round picks. Broncos head coach Josh McDaniels said about drafting Tebow, "He has all the traits you look for. It's a good pick." When asked how Tebow will be used, McDaniels commented that Tebow probably wouldn't start at quarterback as a rookie, and that he'll, "Play when he's ready." "The Denver Post" columnist Woody Paige praised the pick, saying "Tim Tremendous may be high risk, but he will be a Mile High Reward."
Tebow wore number 15 on his jersey for the Broncos, the same number he wore in college. He set an NFL Draft record for jersey sales and continued to have the top selling jersey through the 2010 season.
On July 29, Tebow signed a five-year contract with the Broncos that had a base value of $11.25 million (he could make as much as $33 million through certain performance-based incentives). The contract included $8.7 million guaranteed.
On October 17, Tebow scored his first NFL touchdown, which was a five-yard running play against the New York Jets. On November 14, Tebow threw a three-yard touchdown pass to Spencer Larsen on his first career NFL pass attempt, as part of a 49–29 home victory over the Kansas City Chiefs. He also added a one-yard rushing touchdown in the game.
Tebow started his first NFL game on December 19, which was a 39–23 road loss to the Oakland Raiders. Tebow completed eight of 16 passes for 138 yards, including a 33-yard touchdown pass. He also rushed for 78 yards, 40 of which came on a touchdown run in the first quarter of the game. It was the longest touchdown run for a quarterback in Broncos history and the longest touchdown run in NFL history for a quarterback in his first start.
Tebow's first career victory came in his second start on December 26. The Broncos defeated the Houston Texans, 24–23, in Denver. Tebow helped rally the Broncos from a 17–0 deficit at halftime, as he finished the game with 308 passing yards and one touchdown pass. He also added a fourth quarter rushing touchdown, which capped the comeback.
Tebow finished his rookie season playing sparingly in six games as a back-up (primarily on plays involving the wild horse formation, which is Denver's variation of the wildcat formation) before starting the last three games of the Broncos' season. He threw for a total of 654 yards, five touchdowns and three interceptions. He also rushed for 227 yards and six touchdowns. Tebow became the first quarterback in NFL history to rush for a touchdown in each of his first three career starts.
2011.
Tebow began the season as the Denver Broncos' backup quarterback, behind Kyle Orton. After a 1–4 start and some poor performances, Orton was replaced by Tebow at halftime during a home game against the San Diego Chargers in week five. Tebow nearly led the Broncos back from a 16-point deficit, as he passed and ran for a touchdown in the fourth quarter. The Chargers ultimately won the game, 29–24. Shortly afterward, Broncos' head coach John Fox announced Tebow would start in the following game on the road against the Miami Dolphins. Tebow and the Broncos struggled in the first three-and-a-half quarters against the Dolphins, but rallied from a 15–0 deficit in the last three minutes to win the game 18–15 in overtime.
On November 6, Tebow rushed for 117 yards, along with passing for 124 yards and two touchdowns, as part of a 38–24 road victory over the Oakland Raiders. The Broncos followed up a road win over division-rival Oakland with another road win over the Kansas City Chiefs. Tebow completed two passes on eight attempts for 69 yards and a touchdown. His second completion, a 56-yard touchdown pass in the fourth quarter to wide receiver Eric Decker, sealed the game for Denver. Four days later, Tebow was 9-for-20 with 104 yards in a Thursday Night Football home game against the New York Jets. He led a 95-yard, game-winning touchdown drive with less than six minutes to play, and the Broncos trailing. On third-and-four, Tebow ran for a 20-yard touchdown with less than one minute remaining causing the Broncos to win the game, 17–13. Tebow guided the Broncos to another comeback victory the next week—a 16–13 overtime road win over the San Diego Chargers. He ran the ball 22 times for 67 yards. In the 10th start of his NFL career, Tebow led the Broncos to their third consecutive come-from-behind win of the season, as Denver beat the Minnesota Vikings on the road, 35–32. The following Sunday, Tebow once again guided a comeback victory, this time at home over the Chicago Bears. Denver won 13–10 in overtime after facing a 10–0 deficit with just over two minutes to play in regulation.
The Broncos' winning streak was broken by the New England Patriots in week 15. Tebow rushed for 2 touchdowns and completed 11 of 22 passes against the Patriots in a 41–23 loss. Tebow was sacked four times in the game and had one fumble. In the Broncos' 40–14 loss to the Buffalo Bills the following week, Tebow had one passing and one rushing touchdown but also threw three interceptions, two of which were returned for touchdowns, and two fumbles. He struggled for a third straight game the following week in a 7–3 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs, completing only 6 of 22 passes and finishing with a career low quarterback rating of 20.6, but a week 17 loss by the Oakland Raiders clinched a playoff spot for the Broncos in the AFC West.
After the three consecutive losses, Broncos vice president and former quarterback John Elway said Tebow was playing tentatively and needed to "pull the trigger." On January 8, Denver hosted the Pittsburgh Steelers during the first round of the NFL playoffs. Tebow threw for a career high 316 yards and two touchdowns, including an 80-yard TD to Demaryius Thomas on the first play of overtime, as the Broncos won 29–23. Tebow completed 10 of 21 passes in the contest, setting an NFL record for yards per completion in a playoff game at 31.6. Media sources noted Tebow's passing yards (316) and yards per completion (31.6) evoked the Bible's . The Nielsen ratings for the game also peaked at 31.6. "John 3:16" was the top search item on Google the next morning, followed by "Tebow" and "Tim Tebow". The Broncos were then handed a 45–10 defeat by the New England Patriots the following week, knocking them out of the playoffs. Tebow completed 9 of 26 passes for 136 yards and was sacked five times; he also rushed five times for thirteen yards.
After the season, John Elway confirmed that Tebow would be the Broncos starting quarterback going into training camp in 2012.
Despite on-field successes by the Broncos under Tebow, he finished the season with the lowest passing completion rate in the NFL which led many to question his potential as a quarterback at the professional level.
New York Jets.
In the wake of the Broncos signing free agent Peyton Manning, Tebow was traded, along with the Broncos' 2012 seventh round draft pick, to the New York Jets, on March 21, 2012, in exchange for the Jets' fourth and sixth round picks. Jets special teams coordinator Mike Westhoff stated Tebow would be used on special teams while head coach Rex Ryan and offensive coordinator Tony Sparano stated he would also be used in the wildcat formation on offense. The presence of Tebow throughout the season, in which the Jets struggled, created a controversy as the fans and media called for Rex Ryan to bench the inconsistent Mark Sanchez in favor of Tebow.
Tebow suffered two broken ribs during a road game against the Seahawks, however, this was not confirmed until two days prior to the Jets' Thanksgiving contest against the New England Patriots. Tebow was active despite the injury which was publicly revealed after the game. Tebow was subsequently inactive during the Jets' following contest against the Arizona Cardinals in which Sanchez was benched in favor of Greg McElroy.
Westhoff was highly critical of the Jets' use of Tebow in a January 2013 interview on WQAM radio in Miami.
On April 29, 2013, Tebow was released; he had thrown only eight passes and run 32 times in his one season with the Jets.
New England Patriots.
The New England Patriots signed Tebow on June 10, 2013, the day before the team's mandatory minicamp; Tebow signed a two-year contract with no guaranteed money, although it did have playing time-based incentives in 2014. The move reunited Tebow with Josh McDaniels, now the Patriots offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach. Tebow played in the first two of New England's preseason games, against the Eagles and the Bucs; he completed just five passes in both games, was sacked several times and intercepted once, intensifying criticism of his football acumen. Tebow went 6-for-11 for 91 yards, throwing a pair of touchdown passes and one interception, and gained 30 yards on six carries against the New York Giants, but he also was sacked four times. He threw a total of 2 touchdown passes and 2 interceptions in the preseason and had a passer rating of 47.2 and completed 36.7% of his passes. Tebow was released from the Patriots on August 31, 2013, the day NFL teams were required to cut their rosters to 53. After being cut, Tebow publicly thanked the Patriots organization for the opportunity and stated: "I will remain in relentless pursuit of continuing my lifelong dream of being an NFL quarterback."
Retirement.
Tebow retired from professional football on December 30, 2013, when he was hired by ESPN as a college football analyst.
In the media.
Books.
On May 31, 2011, HarperCollins released "Through My Eyes", an autobiography that Tebow co-wrote with author Nathan Whitaker. Tebow details his early life growing up in Jacksonville and the Philippines, as well as his college football experiences. By March 4, 2012 it had spent 24 weeks on the New York Times best seller list. It was named the #1 sports book of 2011 and the best selling religion book of 2011. Tim followed his memoir with a young readers’ edition titled "Through My Eyes: A Quarterback’s Journey", also co-written with Nathan Whitaker.
Endorsements.
Tebow is a spokesperson for Nike, Jockey International, FRS Health Energy and TiVo.
Documentaries.
In 2011, Tebow was the first quarterback featured in ESPN's "Year of the Quarterback" series. The documentary, titled "Tim Tebow: Everything in Between", followed him from the 2010 Sugar Bowl to the 2010 NFL Draft. It premiered on January 6, 2011. On November 8, 2011 the documentary was released on DVD. Tebow was documented in 2012 on NFL Network's "A Football Life" in a documentary titled, "The Faces of Tebow".
2010 Super Bowl ad.
A nationwide controversy surrounded Tebow's decision to appear in an ad funded by the socially conservative organization Focus on the Family that was broadcast February 7, 2010, during Super Bowl XLIV on CBS. There were two 30-second commercials, which included Tebow's personal story as part of a pro-life stance. The abortion issue was not specifically mentioned in the ad. Pro-choice groups criticised the ad, while pro-life groups supported Tebow.
Tebowing.
"Tebowing" is a neologism for the act of kneeling on one knee in prayer specifically with one's head bowed and an arm resting on the one bent knee, when kneeling, a form of genuflecting. It is derived from Tebow's propensity for kneeling and praying. The origin of the phrase is credited to fan Jared Kleinstein, who posted a picture with friends on Facebook, in which they mimicked a pose of Tebow following the Broncos' comeback overtime victory over the Dolphins on October 23, 2011. The popularity of the picture led Kleinstein to set up a website showing pictures submitted by people depicting various interpretations of "Tebowing" all over the world. After two-and-a-half months, the site received 20,000 photograph submissions and 20 million page views from 2 million unique visitors. "The New York Times" wrote "it can be hard to tell whether tebowing are celebrating or mocking for his virtuous ways." Pittsburgh mayor Luke Ravenstahl tebowed as part of a bet with the mayor of Denver following the Broncos playoff victory over the Steelers in 2012. On October 9, 2012, Tebow was awarded the trademark to "Tebowing" after winning a legal battle with two fans who had expressed interest in trademarking the name.
"Tebowing" was recognized as a word in the English language by the Global Language Monitor, due to its level of worldwide usage, which was comparable to the word "Obamamania" (referencing President Barack Obama). In December 2011, the life-sized wall graphics company Fathead released a "Tebowing" sticker that became the company's best-selling product in two days.
Tebowing was included as a feature in the "Madden NFL 13" video game.
Christianity.
Tebow is known for his outspoken Christian faith. In the Philippines, Tim Tebow preached the Christian Gospel to schoolchildren and entire villages and assisted in medical care. Tebow supports more than 40 national evangelists working in that nation. In the United States, he has shared his Christian faith in prisons and schools, to church and youth groups, and at meetings and conferences.
An Easter Sunday crowd of roughly 20,000 in Florida listened to Tebow on April 8, 2012. He only briefly mentioned his move from Denver to New York. "Kind of got traded. I'm on another team—excited to be a Jet," Tebow said. "Regardless of what happens, I still honor my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, because at the end of the day, that's what's important, win or lose. ... We need to get back to one nation under God, and be role models for kids," Tebow added.
Philanthropy.
Tebow envisioned a foundation to give back to others during his college career, and he, along with other University of Florida students, created "First and 15", raising funds for Uncle Dick's Orphanage in the Philippines, founded by his father's nonprofit association, the Bob Tebow Evangelistic Association. He also raised money for Shands Hospital pediatric cancer center in Gainesville and a Disney trip for disadvantaged children. Upon graduation from University of Florida, Tebow launched the Tim Tebow Foundation in January 2010. In 2013 Tebow was designated a Great Floridian by Florida Governor Rick Scott in recognition of his “major contributions to the progress and welfare" of Florida.
Tebow CURE Hospital.
CURE and the Tebow Foundation announced plans to build a children's hospital in the fall of 2011 in the Philippines, the country where Tebow was born. The Tebow CURE Hospital in Davao City, on the island of Mindanao, will hold 30 beds and will specialize in orthopedics. CURE's 12th hospital worldwide, they hope to heal deformities such as clubfoot, untreated burns, hydrocephalus and other conditions correctable with surgery. The cost of the project, $3 million, will come from donations from CURE and the Tebow Foundation. The hospital will include a "Timmy's Playroom".
Broadcasting.
On December 30, 2013, Tebow was hired by ESPN as a college football analyst. He will appear mainly on the SEC Network as co-host of "SEC Nation", a travelling pre-game show, and will contribute to ESPN's other platforms as well; Tebow made his debut on ESPN during the 2014 BCS National Championship Game. He has not given up on playing in the NFL, however; his contract allows him to continue to pursue opportunities as a player.
Tebow was asked to co-host ABC News' "Good Morning America" on January 31, 2014, shortly before Super Bowl XLVIII, and was joined on the morning show by Eli Manning.

</doc>
<doc id="18582419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582419" title="Free-Stater (Ireland)">
Free-Stater (Ireland)

Free Stater is a term often used by opponents to describe those in Ireland who supported the Anglo-Irish Treaty of 1921 that led to the creation of the Irish Free State in 1922. The pro-Treaty side included members of the IRA who had fought the British during the recent Irish War of Independence. Led by Michael Collins and Richard Mulcahy, it soon became the nucleus of the new (regular) Irish National Army that overcame their anti-treaty opponents during the often bitter Irish Civil War of 1922-23.
The term is sometimes heard anachronistically in the north of Ireland for anyone from the south of the country, occasionally with a pejorative republican slant.
The term is also used across Ireland to describe people from the Republic of Ireland who do not support a united Ireland.
Followers of Irish republican legitimatism use the term to describe those who defected from the Republican movement and accept the institutions of the 26 county state as opposed to giving allegiance to the Irish Republic out lined in the 1916 Proclamation.

</doc>
<doc id="18582421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582421" title="Mick Jacob">
Mick Jacob

Mick Jacob (born 1946 in Oulart, County Wexford) is a retired Irish sportsman. He played hurling with his local club Oulart the Ballagh and with the Wexford senior inter-county team from 1969 until 1984.
Playing career.
Club.
Jacob played his club hurling with his local Oulart-the Ballagh club. In spite of competing in a number of county finals throughout the 1970s and early 1980s he never won a senior county title with the club.
Inter-county.
Quigley first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as goalkeeper of the Wexford under-21 hurling team in the 1960s. He won a Leinster title in this grade in 1964 before later lining out in his first All-Ireland final. Tipperary provided the opposition on that occasion and went on to claim an impressive 8-9 to 3-1 victory. Jacob won a second Leinster under-21 medal in 1965 before lining out in a second All-Ireland final. Tipp were the opponents once again, however, on this occasion the result was reversed as Jacob won an All-Ireland medal following a 3-7 to 1-4 win. In 1966 Jacob was moved to midfield as he collected a third consecutive Leinster under-21 medal. Cork were their opponents in the subsequent All-Ireland final, however, that game ended in a draw. The replay also saw both sides finishing with 4-9 apiece. At the third attempt Cork emerged as the victors.
In 1969 Jacob made his debut on the Wexford senior team. He won his first senior Leinster medal in 1970 as All-Ireland champions Kilkenny fell in the provincial final. Galway were defeated in the penultimate game of the championship, setting up an All-Ireland final meeting with Cork, Wexford’s bête noire an underage levels. For the first time ever the final would be contested over eighty minutes instead of the usual sixty. The game itself was an exciting affair with a record sixty-four scores and eleven goals in all. After a free-flowing game Cork emerged victorious by 6-21 to 5-10.
Jacob played in his next Leinster final in 1971. The Kilkenny team of that era, a team often described as the greatest of all-time, provided the opposition on that occasion. In fact, it was the first of five successive defeats at the hands of Kilkenny in Leinster finals for Wexford.
In spite of a lack of success in the championship Wexford reached the final of the National Hurling League in 1973. On that occasion Limerick were the opponents, however, victory went to Wexford giving Jacob his first major title at senior level.
1976 saw Wexford and Kilkenny battle it out in the Leinster final for the seventh year in succession. ‘The Cats’ were going for a provincial six in-a-row and an All-Ireland three-in-a-row, however, Wexford shocked the reigning champions by 2-20 to 1-6. It was a trouncing that nobody expected and it gave Jacob his second Leinster medal. Wexford’s championship campaign nearly came unstuck in their next game against Galway. A high-scoring game ended in a 5-14 to 2-23 draw and a replay was forced at the newly opened Páirc Uí Chaoimh in Cork. The second game was just as tense an affair, however, Wexford emerged victorious by 3-14 to 2-14. Their opponents in the All-Ireland final were Cork, a team looking for their first championship title since 1970 when they defeated Wexford. Jacob’s side got off to a great start and led by 2-2 to no score after just six minutes, however, Cork settled down and were spurred on with an inspirational display by Pat Moylan. The sides were level at the interval; however, the second-half developed into what was arguably the finest final of the decade. Cork hung on to win by 2-21 to 4-11 as Jacob was left on the losing side.
In 1977 Wexford maintained their provincial dominance with another defeat of Kilkenny. It was Jacob’s third Leinster medal and the defeat for ‘the Cats’ brought the curtain down on Eddie Keher’s inter-county career. Victory in the provincial final allowed Wexford to advance directly to the All-Ireland final. For the second year in-a-row Cork provided the opposition and another classic looked likely. Wet and windy weather severely hampered both teams; however, the game was still a close affair. For the second year in-a-row Jacob ended up on the losing side as Cork claimed a 1-17 to 3-8 victory.
In 1978 Kilkenny were back as champions of Leinster and Wexford had to go back to the drawing board. A new force in the province also emerged as Offaly won their first Leinster titles in 1980 and 1981. Jacob continued playing hurling well into the 1980s, however, after several defeats in the provincial championship he retired from inter-county hurling in 1984.
Provincial.
Jacob also lined out with Leinster in the inter-provincial hurling competition. He first played for his province in 1973 as Leinster defeated Munster to take the Railway Cup. Quigley added further Railway Cup medals to his collection in 1975 and 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18582424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582424" title="Pristol">
Pristol

Pristol is a commune in Mehedinţi County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Cozia and Pristol.

</doc>
<doc id="18582436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582436" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Vasai">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Vasai

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Vasai () is a diocese located in the city of Vasai in the Ecclesiastical province of Bombay in India.
Leadership.
Thomas Dabre (22 May 1998 Appointed - )
Felix Machado (19 December 2009 - )

</doc>
<doc id="18582446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582446" title="Two Days in November">
Two Days in November

Two Days in November is the title of a recording by Doc Watson and Merle Watson, released in 1974. The title refers to the two days it took to complete the recording.
At the Grammy Awards of 1975, "Two Days in November" won the 1974 Grammy Award for Best Ethnic or Traditional Folk Recording.
Sugar Hill records re-issued versions — that excluded some tracks — of both "Two Days in November" and "Then and Now" in 1994. BGO Records released both with additional tracks from "The Elementary Doctor Watson!" in 2002.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, music critic Lindsay Palmer wrote of the album "Doc Watson's amplified approach to traditional melodies as well as the reworking of cover material is decidedly modern, yet the interpretations directly hark back to their acoustic counterparts... Seasoned as well as developing enthusiasts of bluegrass, newgrass, traditional country, and Americana agree that Doc & Merle Watson developed and created some of their finest music in the early to mid-'70s..."

</doc>
<doc id="18582457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582457" title="Bollebeek">
Bollebeek

Bollebeek is a hamlet in the municipality of Asse, Flemish Brabant, Belgium. It was part of the village of Mollem.
It has a 13th-century church tower.

</doc>
<doc id="18582475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582475" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Asansol">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Asansol

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Asansol () is a diocese located in the city of Asansol in the Ecclesiastical province of Calcutta in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18582504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582504" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Bagdogra">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bagdogra

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bagdogra () is a diocese located in the city of Bagdogra in the Ecclesiastical province of Calcutta in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18582508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582508" title="Pak-Arab Refinery">
Pak-Arab Refinery

Pak-Arab Refinery (PARCO) is an oil refinery located in Qasba Gujrat in Muzaffargarh District, Punjab, Pakistan.
In September 2000, Pak-Arab Refinery largest capacity refinery of 100,000 barrels per day, costing US$ 886 million commissioned well within budget and a month ahead of schedule. The White Oil Pipeline transports imported oil from Port Qasim to Pak-Arab Refinery.

</doc>
<doc id="18582509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582509" title="Eremiaphila persica">
Eremiaphila persica

Eremiaphila persica is a species of praying mantis found in Turkey, Iran, and Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18582511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582511" title="Alpaca">
Alpaca

An alpaca ("Vicugna pacos") is a domesticated species of South American camelid. It resembles a small llama in appearance.
There are two breeds of alpaca; the Suri alpaca and the Huacaya alpaca.
Alpacas are kept in herds that graze on the level heights of the Andes of southern Peru, northern Bolivia, Ecuador, and northern Chile at an altitude of to above sea level, throughout the year. Alpacas are considerably smaller than llamas, and unlike llamas, they were not bred to be beasts of burden, but were bred specifically for their fiber. Alpaca fiber is used for making knitted and woven items, similar to wool. These items include blankets, sweaters, hats, gloves, scarves, a wide variety of textiles and ponchos in South America, and sweaters, socks, coats and bedding in other parts of the world. The fiber comes in more than 52 natural colors as classified in Peru, 12 as classified in Australia and 16 as classified in the United States.
In the textile industry, "alpaca" primarily refers to the hair of Peruvian alpacas, but more broadly it refers to a style of fabric originally made from alpaca hair, but now often made from similar fibers, such as mohair, Icelandic sheep wool, or even high-quality English wool. In trade, distinctions are made between alpacas and the several styles of mohair and luster.
An adult alpaca generally is between 81 and 99 cm in height at the withers. They usually weigh between 48 and 84 kg (106 and 185 lbs).
Background.
Alpacas have been domesticated for thousands of years. The Moche people of northern Peru often used alpaca images in their art. There are no known wild alpacas, though its closest living relative, the "vicuña" (also native to South America), are believed to be the wild ancestor of the alpaca. The alpaca is larger than the vicuña, but smaller than the other camelid species.
Along with camels and llamas, alpacas are classified as camelids. Of the various camelid species, the alpaca and vicuña are the most valuable fiber-bearing animals: the alpaca because of the quality and quantity of its fiber, and the vicuña because of the softness, fineness and quality of its coat.
Alpacas are too small to be used as pack animals. Instead, they are bred exclusively for their fiber and meat. Alpaca meat was once considered a delicacy by Andean inhabitants. Because of the high price commanded by alpaca on the growing North American alpaca market, illegal alpaca smuggling has become a growing problem.
Alpacas and llamas can successfully cross-breed. The resulting offspring are called "huarizo", which are valued for their unique fleece and gentle dispositions.
Behavior.
Alpacas are social herd animals that live in family groups consisting of a territorial alpha male,
females and their young. Alpacas warn the herd about intruders by making sharp, noisy inhalations that sound like a high-pitched bray. The herd may attack smaller predators with their front feet, and can spit and kick.
Spitting.
Not all alpacas spit, but all are capable of doing so. "Spit" is somewhat euphemistic; occasionally the projectile contains only air and a little saliva, although alpacas commonly bring up acidic stomach contents (generally a green, grassy mix) and project it onto their chosen targets. Spitting is mostly reserved for other alpacas, but an alpaca will occasionally spit at a human.
For alpacas, spitting results in what is called "sour mouth". Sour mouth is characterized by a loose-hanging lower lip and a gaping mouth. This is caused by the stomach acids and unpleasant taste of the contents as they pass out of the mouth.
Physical contact.
Most alpacas do not like being grabbed. Some alpacas tolerate being stroked or petted anywhere on their bodies, although many do not like their feet, lower legs, and especially their abdomen touched or handled. 
Hygiene.
Alpacas use a communal dung pile, where they do not graze. This behaviour tends to limit the spread of internal parasites. Generally, males have much tidier, and fewer dung piles than females, which tend to stand in a line and all go at once. One female approaches the dung pile and begins to urinate and / or defecate, and the rest of the herd often follows.
Because of their preference for using a dung pile, some alpacas have been successfully house-trained.
Sounds.
Alpacas make a variety of sounds. When they are in danger, they make a high-pitched, shrieking whine. Some breeds are known to make a "wark" noise when excited. Strange dogs – and even cats – can trigger this reaction. To signal friendly or submissive behavior, alpacas "cluck," or "click" a sound possibly generated by suction on the soft palate, or possibly in the nasal cavity.
Individuals vary, but most alpacas generally make a humming sound. Hums are often comfort noises, letting the other alpacas know they are present and content. The humming can take on many inflections and meanings.
When males fight, they scream a warbling, bird-like cry, presumably intended to terrify the opponent.
Reproduction.
Females are "induced ovulators"; the act of mating and the presence of semen causes them to ovulate. Females usually conceive after just one breeding, but occasionally do have troubles conceiving. Artificial insemination is technically difficult, but it can be accomplished. Alpacas conceived from artificial insemination are not registerable with the Alpaca Registry.
A male is usually ready to mate for the first time between one and three years of age. A female alpaca may fully mature (physically and mentally) between 12 and 24 months. It is not advisable to allow a young female to be bred until she is mature, as over-breeding a young female, before conception is possible, is a common cause of uterine infections. As the age of maturation varies greatly between individuals, it is usually recommended that novice breeders wait until females are 18 months of age or older before initiating breeding.
The gestation period is 345 ± 15 days, and usually results in a single offspring, or "cria". Twins are rare, occurring about once per 1000 deliveries. After a female gives birth, she is generally receptive to breeding again after about two weeks. Crias may be weaned through human intervention at about six months old and 60 pounds, but many breeders prefer to allow the female to decide when to wean her offspring; they can be weaned earlier or later depending on their size and emotional maturity.
Alpacas can live for up to 20 years.
Diet.
Alpacas require much less food than most animals of their size. They generally eat hay or grasses, but can eat some other plants (e.g. some leaves), and will normally try to chew on almost anything (e.g. empty bottle). Most alpaca ranchers rotate their feeding grounds so the grass can regrow and fecal parasites may die before reusing the area.
Alpacas can eat natural unfertilized grass; however, ranchers can also supplement grass with low-protein grass hay. To provide selenium and other necessary vitamins, ranchers will feed their domestic alpacas a daily dose of grain. Free-range alpacas may obtain the necessary vitamins in their native grazing ranges.
Digestion.
Alpacas are pseudoruminants and have a three-chambered stomach; combined with chewing cud, this allows maximum extraction of nutrients from low-quality forages.
Alpacas will chew their food in a figure eight motion, swallow the food, and then pass it into one of the stomach's chambers. The first and second chambers (called C1 and C2) are where the fermentation process begins digestion. The alpaca will further absorb nutrients and water in the first part of the third chamber. The end of the third chamber (called C3) is where the stomach secretes acids to digest food, and is the likely place where an alpaca will have ulcers, if stressed. The alpaca digestive system is very sensitive and must be kept healthy and balanced.
Poisonous plants.
Many plants are poisonous to the alpaca, including the bracken fern, fireweed, oleander, and some azaleas. In common with similar livestock, others include: acorns, African rue, agave, amaryllis, autumn crocus, bear grass, broom snakeweed, buckwheat, ragweed, buttercups, calla lily, orange tree foliage, carnations, castor beans, and many others.
History of the scientific name.
The relationship between alpacas and vicuñas was disputed for many years. In the 18th and 19th centuries, the four South American lamoid species were assigned scientific names. At that time, the alpaca was assumed to be descended from the llama, ignoring similarities in size, fleece and dentition between the alpaca and the vicuña. Classification was complicated by the fact that all four species of South American camelid can interbreed and produce fertile offspring. The advent of DNA technology made a more accurate classification possible.
In 2001, the alpaca genus classification changed from "Lama pacos" to "Vicugna pacos", following the presentation of a paper on work by Dr. Jane Wheeler et al. on alpaca DNA to the Royal Society showing the alpaca is descended from the vicuña, not the guanaco.
Fiber.
Alpaca fleece is a lustrous and silky natural fiber. While similar to sheep’s wool, it is warmer, not prickly, and bears no lanolin, which makes it hypoallergenic. Without lanolin, it does not repel water. It is also soft and luxurious. In physical structure, alpaca fiber is somewhat akin to hair, being very glossy. The preparing, carding, spinning, weaving and finishing process of alpaca is very similar to the process used for wool. Alpaca fiber is also flame-resistant, and meets the US Consumer Product Safety Commission's standards.
Alpacas are typically sheared once per year in the spring. Each shearing produces approximately five to ten pounds (2.2–4.5 kilograms) of fibre per alpaca. An adult alpaca might produce 50 to 90 ounces (1420–2550 grams) of first-quality fibre as well as 50 to 100 ounces (1420–2840 grams) of second- and third-quality fibre.
Prices.
The price for American alpacas can range from US$50 for a castrated male (gelding) to US$500,000 for the highest of champions in the world, depending on breeding history, sex, and color.
According to an academic study, though, the higher prices sought for alpaca breeding stock are largely speculative and not supported by market fundamentals, given the low inherent returns per head from the main end product, alpaca fiber, and prices into the $100s per head rather than $10,000s would be required for a commercially viable fiber production herd. Breeding stock prices in Australia have fallen from A$10,000–30,000 head in 1997 to an average of A$3,000–4,000 today.
It is possible to raise up to 25 alpacas per hectare (10 alpacas per acre). as they have a designated area for waste products and keep their eating area away from their waste area, but this ratio differs from country to country and is highly dependent on the quality of pasture available (in many desert locations it is generally only possible to run one to three animals per acre due to lack of suitable vagetation). Fiber quality is the primary variant in the price achieved for alpaca wool; in Australia, it is common to classify the fiber by the thickness of the individual hairs and by the amount of vegetable matter contained in the supplied shearings.
Livestock.
Alpacas need to eat 1-2% of body weight per day, so about two bales of grass hay per month per animal. When formulating a proper diet for alpacas, water and hay analysis should be performed to determine the proper vitamin and mineral supplementation program. Two options are to provide free choice salt/mineral powder, or feed a specially formulated ration. Indigenous to the highest regions of the Andes, this harsh environment has created an extremely hardy animal, so only minimal housing and predator fencing are needed. The alpaca’s three-chambered stomachs allow for extremely efficient digestion. There are no viable seeds in the manure, because alpacas prefer to only eat tender plant leaves, and will not consume thick plant stems; therefore, alpaca manure does not need composting to enrich pastures or ornamental landscaping. Nail and teeth trimming is needed every six to 12 months, along with annual shearing.
Similar to ruminants, such as cattle and sheep, alpacas have only lower teeth at the front of their mouths; therefore, they do not pull grass up by the roots. Rotating pastures is still important, though, as alpacas have a tendency to regraze an area repeatedly. Alpacas are fiber-producing animals; they do not need to be slaughtered to reap their product, and their fiber is a renewable resource that grows yearly.

</doc>
<doc id="18582547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582547" title="Eremiaphila klunzingeri">
Eremiaphila klunzingeri

Eremiaphila klunzingeri is a species of praying mantis found in Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="18582549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582549" title="Sonam Rinchen">
Sonam Rinchen

Sonam Rinchen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18582551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582551" title="Pickle">
Pickle

Pickling is a process of preserving food. Pickle or pickling may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18582557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582557" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Baruipur">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Baruipur

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Baruipur () is a diocese located in the city of Baruipur in the Ecclesiastical province of Calcutta in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18582558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582558" title="White Oil Pipeline">
White Oil Pipeline

White Oil Pipeline is an oil pipeline from Port Qasim to the Pak-Arab Refinery (PARCO) at Mehmood Kot, Multan District, Punjab, Pakistan. 
In September 2000, Pak-Arab Refinery largest capacity refinery of , costing US$ 886 million commissioned well within budget and a month ahead of schedule. The White Oil Pipeline transports imported oil from Port Qasim to Pak-Arab Refinery.
The primary contractor was China Petroleum Energy Corporation and the sub contractor was Techno Engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="18582562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582562" title="Katzhen">
Katzhen

Katzhen is a 2005 film directed by Guy Michael. It is considered a modern-day Israeli "Oliver Twist". The film tells the story of Katzhen, a young boy who, faced with the loss of his mother and an incapable father, chooses to steer his own path in life. Roaming throughout Israel in a quest for affection and the solidity of a warm family life, Katzhen finds it in unexpected places.
Plot.
Katzhen, is left without a stable family structure upon the death of his mother. After his mother's funeral, the young boy finds himself shuttled from one unfit home to another. Caught in a tug of war between his cold aunt and his promiscuous and suicidal uncle – neither of which, knows how to raise a child. He is eventually sent off from this first stopping point to a kibbutz, where more loneliness and cruelty await him. Katzhen is forced to take charge of his own destiny but isn't quite capable enough to do so.
Katzhen is distant from other boys, seeming to exist in a world of his own. Despite the many hardships he faces, he never complains, and he rarely cries. Instead, his eyes absorb everything around him, trying to make sense of the scenes of death, sex, and violence that he witnesses. Rootless and insecure, but with a strong spirit and stoic attitude that speak to a maturity well beyond his young age, the little boy boldly tries to take control of his own destiny and find his place in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18582575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582575" title="Mrs. Officer">
Mrs. Officer

"Mrs. Officer" is the fourth and final single from Lil Wayne's album "Tha Carter III". Its lyrics explore the sexual tension between male criminal suspects and female police officers; it goes so far as to reference the famous rap single "Fuck tha Police" (though in the most literal sense). The song features Bobby Valentino and Kidd Kidd, and is produced by Deezle. The song officially debuted on September 9, 2008 It was ranked the No. 25 Hip-Hop song of 2008 by MTV.
Music video.
The music video was shot in Miami, Florida with Lil Wayne and Gil Green directing it. It is a continuation of the "A Milli" and "Got Money" music videos.
The video was released on October 31, 2008. The last verse of Mrs. Officer, with Kidd Kidd and Bobby Valentino, is cut off and replaced with the first verse from "Comfortable", another track off "Tha Carter III" which features R&B artist Babyface. Lil Wayne plays the lucky victim, being searched by the female cop (Tammy Torres) an hour after leaving the "A Milli" video shoot. In contrast, Bobby Valentino plays an officer, detaining several women. The "Comfortable" segment of the video is the continuation of "Mrs. Officer" where Lil Wayne and the female officer are living together and for most of the segment argue late in the night on an open street. This segment of the song also contains lines referencing Beyoncé's "Irreplaceable". Cameos were made Birdman, and Young Money Entertainment artist Mack Maine, & Jae Millz.
Chart performance.
"Mrs. Officer" debuted at No. 16 on the Billboard Hot 100, making it the seventh song to chart on the Hot 100 from "Tha Carter III". The song peaked at No. 16, making it Wayne's fourth top twenty hit on the Billboard Hot 100 from the album. It rapidly ascended the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, reaching No. 5, becoming his fourth top ten single on that chart from the album. 

</doc>
<doc id="18582577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582577" title="Address locator">
Address locator

An address locator is a dataset in ArcGIS that stores the address attributes, associated indexes, and rules that define the process for translating nonspatial descriptions of places, such as street addresses, into spatial data that can be displayed as features on a map. An address locator contains a snapshot of the reference data used for geocoding, and parameters for standardizing addresses, searching for match locations, and creating output. Address locator files have a .loc file extension. In ArcGIS 8.3 and previous versions, an address locator was called a geocoding service.

</doc>
<doc id="18582587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582587" title="Eremiaphila typhon">
Eremiaphila typhon

Eremiaphila typhon is a species of praying mantis. It is one of the most far-ranging species within its genus and has been found in Egypt, Algeria, Saudi Arabia, India, Libya, Niger, Syria, and Chad.

</doc>
<doc id="18582597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582597" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Jalpaiguri">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jalpaiguri

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jalpaiguri () is a diocese located in the city of Jalpaiguri in the Ecclesiastical province of Calcutta in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18582598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582598" title="Eremiaphila petiti">
Eremiaphila petiti

Eremiaphila petiti is a species of praying mantis found in Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="18582600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582600" title="Les Voix De Magma">
Les Voix De Magma

Les Voix De Magma (also known as "Les Voix" Concert 1992 Douarnenez or Akt I) is a live album by French Progressive rock group Magma, featuring vocal-heavy, largely acoustic reworkings of well-known pieces by Magma and Christian Vander's Offering. It was released in 1992 (See 1992 in music) on Akt Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18582604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582604" title="Eremiaphila nilotica">
Eremiaphila nilotica

Eremiaphila nilotica is a species of praying mantis found in Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="18582610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582610" title="Mehmood Kot">
Mehmood Kot

Mehmood Kot (), (Punjabi: ) or Mahmud Kot is a small town in District Muzaffargarh, Punjab, Pakistan. The coordinates of Mahmud Kot are 30°15'3"N 71°29'12"E.
The Lal Pir Power is location in Mehmood Kot and Lal Pir Power Plant produces 362 MW of electricity. 

</doc>
<doc id="18582641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582641" title="El Chorrito">
El Chorrito

El Chorrito is a pilgrimage center located in the municipality of Hidalgo, Tamaulipas.

</doc>
<doc id="18582642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582642" title="Enterprise GIS">
Enterprise GIS

An Enterprise GIS is a geographic information system that is integrated through an entire organization so that a large number of users can manage, share, and use spatial data and related information to address a variety of needs, including data creation, modification, visualization, analysis, and dissemination. In addition to providing users with GIS capabilities, Enterprise GIS is also made available to other software systems, including those dedicated to Spatial function or those that can usefully benefit from the inclusion of spatial information or processing. 
Enterprise GIS evolved over the period of time and specially during 2005-2010. Most of the leading GIS vendors have had components that constitute an Enterprise GIS for long time but, the efforts to have them all packaged together and provide an end-to-end solution picked up fast pace in the recent times. To put it in simpler terms, an Enterprise GIS should be capable of:
Enterprise GIS exhibits includes:
"Enterprise GIS - an Architect's point of view"
Architects consider the following when designing Enterprise GIS systems:
Business Process - with location intelligence
Offerings from leading GIS vendors

</doc>
<doc id="18582659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582659" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Krishnagar">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Krishnagar

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Krishnagar () is a diocese located in the city of Krishnagar in the Ecclesiastical province of Calcutta in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18582661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582661" title="Kishanpur Wildlife Sanctuary">
Kishanpur Wildlife Sanctuary

The Kishanpur Wildlife Sanctuary is a part of the Dudhwa Tiger Reserve near Mailani in Uttar Pradesh, India. It covers an area of and was founded in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="18582670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582670" title="Ned Buggy">
Ned Buggy

Ned Buggy (born 1948 in Wexford, Ireland) is a former Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Faythe Harriers and with the Wexford senior inter-county team from 1970 until 1981. 
Ned is also the warehouse manager in various rural manufacturing companies and is known to his peers as "The Patron Saint of Rural Audits".

</doc>
<doc id="18582718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582718" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Raiganj">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Raiganj

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Raiganj () is a diocese located in the city of Raiganj in the Ecclesiastical province of Calcutta in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18582721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582721" title="Dudhwa Tiger Reserve">
Dudhwa Tiger Reserve

The Dudhwa Tiger Reserve is a protected area in Uttar Pradesh that stretches mainly across the Lakhimpur Kheri and Bahraich districts and comprises the Dudhwa National Park, Kishanpur Wildlife Sanctuary and Katarniaghat Wildlife Sanctuary. It covers an area of and includes three large forest fragments amidst the matrix dominated by agriculture. It shares the north-eastern boundary with Nepal, which is defined to a large extent by the Mohana River. The area is a vast alluvial floodplain traversed by numerous rivers and streams flowing in south-easterly direction. It ranges in altitude from .
History.
In 1987, the Dudhwa National Park and the Kishanpur Wildlife Sanctuary were brought under the purview of the ‘Project Tiger’ as Dudhwa Tiger Reserve. The Katarniaghat Wildlife Sanctuary was added in the year 2000. It is one of India's 41 Tiger Reserves.
Fauna.
The protected area is home for tigers, leopards, Asiatic black bears, sloth bears, Swamp deer, rhinoceros, elephants, cheetal, hog deer, barking deer, sambar, wild pig and hispid hare. Honey badger and around 400 bird species and 90 fish also occur.
Tigers.
In 2006, the tiger population of the Dudhwa-Kheri-Pilibhit conservation complex was estimated as comprising 80–110 tigers. Until 2010, the population had increased to an estimated 106–118 tigers and was considered stable.
The reintroduced tiger.
In July 1976, Billy Arjan Singh acquired a tiger cub named "Tara" from Twycross Zoo in the United Kingdom, hand reared her and later reintroduced her to the wild in the Dudhwa National Park with the permission of India's then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
In the 1990s, some tigers from the protected area were observed to have the typical appearance of Siberian tigers, namely a large head, pale fur, white complexion, and wide stripes, and were suspected to be Bengal-Siberian tiger hybrids. Billy Arjan Singh sent hair samples of tigers from the national park to the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology in Hyderabad where the samples were analysed using mitochondrial sequence analysis. Results revealed that the tigers in question had a Bengal tiger mitochondrial haplotype indicating that their mother was a Bengal tiger.
Skin, hair and blood samples from 71 tigers collected in various Indian zoos, in the National Museum in Kolkata and including two samples from Dudhwa National Park were prepared for microsatellite analysis that revealed that two tigers had alleles in two loci contributed by Bengal and Siberian tiger subspecies. However, samples of two hybrid specimens constituted a too small sample base to conclusively assume that "Tara" was the source of the Siberian tiger genes.
Visitor information.
Contact: Director, Dudhwa National Park, Lakhimpur Kheri, Phone: (05872) 52106
Dudhwa National Park Visitors Entrance and service Center is at: .
Since 2006, Karavan Heritage & Nature Society has conducted the National Environment Science Camp or NEVSC at Dudhwa National Park. This Camp is a nationwide student’s movement for Environment Education and Conservation.
From November to March, they camp in tents in the heart of Terrai forest of Dudhwa. Teams from different schools arrive on successive slots to explore the dense Sal forest, spooky swamps and vast grasslands of the endangered Terrai region. They focus on a new theme every year: Habitats, Evolution, Web of Life and Nature Study Programs are the most successful and popular. The prime objective of the Science Camps is to provide students an insightful understanding of our unknown natural heritage. They have organized hundreds of such Programs where thousands of students from throughout India have participated. Students are taken to wilderness areas and through creative games and exciting activities, students are sensitized about the environmental importance of these places.

</doc>
<doc id="18582737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582737" title="Kelsang Dhondup">
Kelsang Dhondup

Kelsang Dhondup (July 1957) is a Tibetan ex-football player, manager of the Tibet national football team and executive secretary of the Tibetan National Football Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18582738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582738" title="15 cm Autokanone M. 15/16">
15 cm Autokanone M. 15/16

The 15 cm Autokanone M. 15/16 was a heavy field gun used by Austria-Hungary in World War I. Guns turned over to Italy as reparations after World War I were taken into Italian service as the Cannone da 152/37. Austrian and Czech guns were taken into Wehrmacht service after the Anschluss and the occupation of Czechoslovakia as the 15.2 cm K 15/16(t). Italian guns captured after the surrender of Italy in 1943 were known by the Wehrmacht as the 15.2 cm K 410(i). They weren't used much by the Germans, probably because of their unique ammunition, and generally served on coast-defense duties during World War II.
Design.
The M. 15 was a thoroughly conventional design for its day with a box trail, iron wheels and a curved gunshield. It was notable as being the first Austro-Hungarian gun to be designed for motor transport, hence the Autokanone designation. For transport the barrel was generally detached from the recoil system and moved on its own trailer. The original M. 15 weapons had a maximum elevation of only 30°, but an elevation of 45° was demanded early in the gun's production run, mainly to engage high-altitude targets in the mountains. 27 M. 15 guns were completed before production switched to the improved M. 15/16 with greater elevation in the first half of 1917. A total of 44 barrels and 43 carriages were completed by the end of the war.
It seems likely that surviving M. 15 guns were rebuilt after the war to M. 15/16 standards. During the Twenties, guns in Italian service had been refurbished by Vicker-Terni and given new wheels.

</doc>
<doc id="18582758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582758" title="Marathon County Public Library – Wausau Headquarters">
Marathon County Public Library – Wausau Headquarters

The Marathon County Public Library – Wausau Headquarters is the headquarters of the Marathon County Public Library (MCPL), a nine-library system that serves all of Marathon County, Wisconsin, U.S.A. It is also commonly called "The "Wausau Library" or "The Marathon County Public Library." The Marathon County Public Library was founded in April 1907, but it was known as the "Wausau Free Public Library" at that time.
The MCPL - Wausau Headquarters is located at 300 North First Street in Wausau, Wisconsin. Its eight branch libraries are located in Athens, Edgar, Hatley, Marathon, Mosinee, Rothschild, Spencer, and Stratford.

</doc>
<doc id="18582763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582763" title="Geoprocessing">
Geoprocessing

Geoprocessing is a GIS operation used to manipulate spatial data. A typical geoprocessing operation takes an input dataset, performs an operation on that dataset, and returns the result of the operation as an output dataset. Common geoprocessing operations include geographic feature overlay, feature selection and analysis, topology processing, raster processing, and data conversion. Geoprocessing allows for definition, management, and analysis of information used to form decisions.

</doc>
<doc id="18582802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582802" title="United States Census of Agriculture">
United States Census of Agriculture

The Census of Agriculture is a census conducted every five years by the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) that provides the only source of uniform, comprehensive agricultural data for every county in the United States.
Overview.
The census is a complete count of U.S. farms and ranches and the people who operate them. The Census looks at land use and ownership, operator characteristics, production practices, income and expenditures and many other areas. This picture, when compared to earlier censuses, helps to measure trends and new developments in the agricultural sector of our nation’s economy.
Title 7 of the United States Code requires all those who receive a census report form to respond – even if they did not operate a farm or ranch during the census year. The same law protects the confidentiality of all census respondents. NASS uses the information only for statistical purposes and publishes data only in tabulated totals. The report cannot be used for purposes of taxation, investigation or regulation. The privacy of individual census records is also protected from disclosure through the Freedom of Information Act.
For census purposes, a farm is defined as a place from which $1,000 or more of agricultural products were produced and sold, or normally would have been sold, during the census year. This farm definition has changed nine times throughout history and the current definition has been in effect since 1974.
History.
The first Census of Agriculture was taken in 1840 as part of the sixth decennial population census. The census remained a part of the decennial census through 1950, with separate mid-decade Censuses of Agriculture taken in 1925, 1935 and 1945. As time passed, census years were adjusted until the reference year coincided with the economic censuses covering other sectors of the nation’s economy. Currently, the Census of Agriculture is conducted for years ending in 2 and 7.
The 1997 Census of Agriculture has historical significance because it was the first conducted by NASS after the 1997 Appropriations Act shifted responsibility of the Census of Agriculture from the U.S. Census Bureau, which is part of the U.S. Department of Commerce, to USDA.
Uses of census data.
Census data is used by all those who serve farmers and rural communities – federal, state and local governments, agribusinesses, trade associations and many others. For instance:

</doc>
<doc id="18582817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582817" title="Nils Rudolph">
Nils Rudolph

Nils Rudolph (born 18 August 1965 in Rostock, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern) is a former butterfly and freestyle swimmer from Germany, who competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. He is best known for winning the gold medal in the men's 50 m freestyle at the 1991 European LC Championships in Athens, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="18582823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582823" title="Mike Welch (baseball)">
Mike Welch (baseball)

Michael Paul Welch (born August 25, 1972) is a former right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball, born in Haverhill, Massachusetts. Welch attended the University of Southern Maine where he participated in playing college baseball.
Career.
On June 3, 1993, Welch was drafted by the New York Mets in the amateur draft. He signed with the Mets on June 15. On December 15, 1997, the Mets traded Welch for Héctor Mercado, who on that day was just drafted by the Philadelphia Phillies.
Welch made his major league debut on July 17, 1998 with the Phillies at age 25. On that day, the Phillies were playing against the Mets at Shea Stadium, with 23,298 people attending the game. Welch was called in to replace Desi Relaford, pitching and batting eighth in the bottom of the fifth inning. Welch pitched a total of 2⅔ innings. Rubén Amaro, Jr. was called to pinch hit for Welch. Welch allowed two hits, one run, one home run, and ended the game with an earned run average (ERA) of 3.38. The Philles lost to the Mets by the score of 6-0.
Welch played the baseball season with the Phillies, his only major league season. He played his final major league game on September 27, 1998. Welch played a total of 10 games during his one-year career. He lost two games pitching and did not win a game. Welch pitched a total of 20⅔ innings. He allowed 26 hits, and 7 home runs. Welch also allowed seven walks and threw fifteen strikeouts. He ended his career with an earned run average of 8.27.

</doc>
<doc id="18582856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582856" title="1997 Fiesta Bowl (December)">
1997 Fiesta Bowl (December)

The 1997 Tostitos Fiesta Bowl game was a post-season college football bowl game between the Kansas State Wildcats and the Syracuse Orangemen on December 31, 1997, at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Arizona. Kansas State defeated Syracuse, 35-18. The game was part of the 1997-1998 Bowl Alliance of the 1997 NCAA Division I-A football season and represented the concluding game of the season for both teams.
First Quarter.
The Orangemen jumped out to a 3-0 lead on the first of Nate Trout’s three field goals.
Second Quarter.
Kansas State quarterback Michael Bishop led the Wildcats to three-consecutive touchdowns in the second quarter. Following a failed fake field goal attempt by Syracuse, Bishop completed a 19-yard pass to Darnell McDonald. Bishop then followed with a 12-yard TD rush on their next possession, and need with a 28-yard completion to Justin Swift on a tight end screen. 
Syracuse came back to score 12 points in the final 2:18 to cut the lead to 21-15 at the half.
Third Quarter.
No scoring occurred.
Fourth Quarter.
McDonald caught a 77-yard TD play from a long pass along the sidelines, and then followed with a 41-yard reception with 3:17 remaining to seal the game away.
Aftermath.
Kansas State.
Bishop threw for four touchdown passes, completing a career-high 14 passes for a career-best 317 yards. He finished the game with 390 yards in total offense (317 yards passing, d 73 yards rushing). 
McDonald caught seven of Bishop’s passes for a school-record of 206 yards and three touchdowns. His 77-yard reception in the fourth quarter was the longest in Fiesta Bowl history. 
Swift caught a career-high five passes for a career-high 98 yards and one touchdown. 
Bishop earned the Offensive Player of the Game award, while KSU linebacker Travis Ochs, was named Defensive Player of the Game after he had an interception and fumble recovery.
Syracuse.
Quarterback Donovan McNabb threw for 271 yards and ran for 81 yards, but completed just 16 of 39 passes. 
Syracuse’s seven-game bowl game win streak had ended.

</doc>
<doc id="18582862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582862" title="Dave Johnson (record producer)">
Dave Johnson (record producer)

Dave "Stiff" Johnson is a record producer from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18582893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582893" title="Christopher Bingham">
Christopher Bingham

Christopher Bingham is an American statistician who introduced the Bingham distribution. In joint work with C. M. D. Godfrey and John Tukey he introduced complex demodulation into the analysis of time series.

</doc>
<doc id="18582899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582899" title="Georelational data model">
Georelational data model

A georelational data model is a geographic data model that represents geographic features as an interrelated set of spatial and attribute data. The georelational model is the fundamental data model used in coverages.

</doc>
<doc id="18582904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582904" title="Margaret Traxler">
Margaret Traxler

Margaret Ellen Traxler, S.S.N.D., was a prominent American Religious Sister with the School Sisters of Notre Dame and a women's rights activist. She was also a leader in developing institutions to help poor women in the City of Chicago.
Biography.
Early life.
Traxler was born in 1924 in Henderson, Minnesota, the daughter of a country doctor and a nurse. The fourth of five girls in the family, she was known affectionately as Peggy and was a lively girl who enjoyed the debate team at school and played the trumpet in the school band.
Traxler entered the novitiate of the School Sisters of Notre Dame in 1942, after completing high school, and the following year was given the habit of the School Sisters and the religious name of Sister Mary Peter, the name she used for some 20 years. She earned a Bachelor's degree in English from the College of St. Catherine in Saint Paul, Minnesota, and later received a Master's degree from Notre Dame University in Indiana. For the next 17 years she taught in high schools and colleges of her religious congregation in Minnesota and North Dakota.
Social activism.
At that point, Traxler, who had returned to using her baptismal name, began devoting herself to advocacy on behalf of interracial justice and the rights of women in society and in the Catholic Church, She took part in the Selma to Montgomery marches in 1965, singing "We Shall Overcome". Just prior to Selma, she joined the staff of the National Catholic Conference for Interracial Justice, based in Chicago, serving successively as Assistant Director and Director of its Department of Educational Services (1965–1971) and as Executive Director (1971–1973). During this period she marched in the front row in Selma, Alabama, with 12 other Religious Sisters, and, with together with Martin Luther King Jr, organized "traveling workshops" of Sister-scholars to assist schools preparing for integration, and established a program to place Religious Sisters in African-American colleges to allow the regular faculty to pursue advanced degrees.
Other notable activities included attending the peace negotiations in Paris, France, for ending the Vietnam War, organizing the NCCIJ's Citizen's Task Force of Inquiry regarding Civil Liberties in Belfast, Northern Ireland, and co-founding the National Coalition of American Nuns and the National Interreligious Task Force on Soviet Jewry, for which she received an award from the Prime Minister of Israel, Golda Meir.
Women's rights.
In 1984 Traxler was one of 26 Religious Sisters who signed their names to an advertisement in "The New York Times" entitled "A Catholic Statement on Pluralism and Abortion". The ad stated that there was more than one Catholic position on abortion, and called for religious pluralism and discussion within the Church. The ad showed the results of a poll of American Catholics: 11% were against abortion in any form. The ad said that this demonstrated a great majority of Catholics were sympathetic to at least some instances of abortion. Traxler upheld the church's teaching opposing abortion, but believed each woman had a right to make the choice for herself. Although 96 other religious leaders, both priests and laymen, also signed the ad, it was the members of religious congregations who drew the Vatican's wrath and who had to retract their statement or risk expulsion from their congregations.
The four-year ordeal that ensued saw two Sisters leave religious life, and heralded the start of Traxler's heart troubles. Traxler defended the poll findings by appearing on television with a tube of toothpaste, saying that the toothpaste cannot be put back in the tube; an analogy to the Church's inability to hide the fact that the majority of American Catholics disagreed with its doctrinal position. "The tension that comes with Rome on your back is enormous," said Sister Betty Barrett, who added that Traxler suffered greatly when Rome forbade her friend of 30 years, Sister Jeannine Gramick (also a School Sister of Notre Dame at the time), to continue her pastoral ministry with gays and lesbians. Gramick called Traxler "a giant of a woman, a prophetess to us all, unafraid to speak truth to power".
Traxler was also the founder of the Institute for Women Today, a Christian–Jewish–Protestant coalition to reach out to troubled women. Under the aegis of the IWT,she organized skilled workers and lawyers to travel to women's prisons in Illinois to provide training and advice. And she visited these prisons regularly, bringing the women sewing machines to make clothes for their children. She opened Sister House on Chicago's west side to aid women coming out of prison. She established Maria Shelter for abused women and children and Casa Notre Dame for older homeless women. And she funded these projects by speaking regularly, and without embarrassment, at churches and synagogues.
Death.
Traxler suffered a debilitating stroke in 2000 that ended her public work, and retired to the infirmary at the Provincial Motherhouse of the School Sisters of Notre Dame in Mankato, Minnesota. She died two years later and was buried in the Sisters' cemetery there.

</doc>
<doc id="18582911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582911" title="Szamuely">
Szamuely

Szamuely is the surname of a Hungarian Jewish family.
Among its members are

</doc>
<doc id="18582932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582932" title="Tibetan National Football Association">
Tibetan National Football Association

The Tibetan National Football Association (TNFA) is a football association created by Tibetan exiles in India. The TNFA holds headquarters in Dharamsala, the same city where the Central Tibetan Administration of the 14th Dalai Lama is based. The association was founded in 2000 with the aim to organize football tournaments and attend to and promote the interests of the Tibet national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="18582945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582945" title="Sports and Olympic Committee of Macau, China">
Sports and Olympic Committee of Macau, China

The Sports and Olympic Committee of Macau, China (MOC, , ), is the National Olympic Committee (NOC) of Macau and is responsible for organizing the Special Administrative Region's (SAR) participation in international sporting events. It applied for official recognition as a National Olympic Committee by the International Olympic Committee, but as of 2013 it remains unrecognized.
History.
Although sports in the Portugal-controlled region already had a long history, Macau first began to participate in international tournaments under a separate name following approval to do so by the Olympic Committee of Portugal in 1974. As the region's society became more affluent and more residents were able to attend sporting events, Macau's government established the Macau Sport Development Board (, ) on May 18, 1987 as a central coordinating office to promote sports in the city. Later that year on December 22, the Macau Olympic Committee (, ） was established as the National Olympic Committee for Macau using the flag of the Municipality of Macau. It applied for membership in the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) in December 1989 during the Council's General Assembly in Bali, Indonesia and was accepted.
The first athlete from Macau to win a medal under the auspices of Macau's NOC in an international tournament was Li Man Yam () when he won the bronze medal in T'ai chi ch'uan during the 2nd Asian Martial Arts Tournament in Hong Kong in 1989. Wong Tung Ieong () won the first medal in a large-scale tournament by taking bronze in martial arts during the 1990 Asian Games in Beijing. In October 1994, Macau's government established the Awards Committee for Premier Sporting Competitions (, ) which grants prizes and awards for distinguished achievement in competitive sports for athletes and coaches from Macau. Also, from 1991 to 1999 the Macau Olympic Committee and the region's government built 20 different sport venues and facilities, including the multi-purpose Macau Stadium, which are administered by a related local sports organization.
Although the sovereignty of Macau was transferred from Portugal to the People's Republic of China in 1999, the new government has continued to allow Macau to participate in international organisations and sporting events under the name "Macau, China" using the regional flag of the Macau Special Administrative Region. In addition, the Macau Olympic Committee has participated in the National Games of the People's Republic of China since 2011. Macau was elected as the host city of 2005 East Asian Games during the 11th General Assembly of East Asian Games Association in Guam in March 1996. The Games are the largest international sporting event ever hosted by Macau and the SAR achieved the best results of the all the countries that participated.
Additionally, during the 22nd General Assembly of Olympic Council of Asia in Kuwait on January 24, 2003, Macau was approved as the host city of 2007 Asian Indoor Games. After the establishment of Association of the Portuguese Speaking Olympic Committees (ACOLOP) on June 8, 2005, Macau was chosen as the host city of the 2006 Lusofonia Games. Macau was also chosen as the first vice-president (2005-2009) and President of the Executive Committee (2009-2013) of ACOLOP. Manuel Silvério (), the first vice-president of the Macau Olympic Committee, was elected as the vice president of the Olympic Council of Asia in 2005.
As several athletes in the region had expressed interest in forming an organization to administer non-international sporting events in the regions, the Macau Olympic Committee revised its constitution and renamed itself to "Sports and Olympic Committee of Macau, China" on September 10, 2008. After the change, CODM remains the only internal and external sports federation for Macau. CODM hosted the 31st General Assembly of Olympic Council of Asia during November 2012 which elected Hanoi, Vietnam as the host city for the 2019 Asian Games.
Status.
As was done previously by the Macau Olympic Committee, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China has sent several letters to the International Olympic Committee to support recognition of Macau as member of the IOC. This request has been complicated by the fact that the IOC revised its Charter in 1996 to only admit new NOCs that represent member states of the United Nations. Despite the setbacks, Manuel Silvério told a reporter for the "Macau Daily" in 2008 that "the application from the Macau Olympic Committee for membership in the International Olympic Committee under the name 'Macau, China' is in 'considering and hearing' and the Chinese Government and Chinese Olympic Committee are assisting with the application." 
As of 2013, the Sports and Olympic Committee of Macau remains unrecognized as a NOC by the International Olympic Committee. However, as Macau is an autonomous territory, it has been allowed to join some international organisations and games such as the Asian Games as a separate entity, but it has not been allowed to do so in games for sovereign states such as the Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18582956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582956" title="Tino Weber">
Tino Weber

Tino Weber (born 12 February 1970 in Merseburg, Sachsen-Anhalt) is a former backstroke swimmer from Germany, who competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. A member of Sportverein Halle he won a silver medal at the 1993 European Sprint Swimming Championships in Gateshead.

</doc>
<doc id="18582992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18582992" title="Hinukh people">
Hinukh people

The Hinukh (also Hinux, Ginukh, or Ginux) are a people of Dagestan living in the Tsunta region of southwest Dagestan, near the Georgian border. They are being assimilated by the Caucasian Avars. They speak their native Hinukh language, and many also speak Avar, Russian and often also other languages of the region.

</doc>
<doc id="18583009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583009" title="Khangarh, Punjab">
Khangarh, Punjab

Khangarh (), is a town with a population of nearly 100,000. It is located in Muzaffargarh District, which is southern part of province Punjab in Pakistan. It is situated on the west bank of the Chenab River. The city is known for being the hometown of the late Nawabzada Nasrullah Khan. It is also known for its agriculture (Cotton and Mango), khoa, and education institutes.

</doc>
<doc id="18583020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583020" title="Selberg integral">
Selberg integral

In mathematics the Selberg integral is a generalization of Euler beta function to "n" dimensions introduced by .
Selberg's integral formula.
Selberg's formula implies Dixon's identity for well poised hypergeometric series, and some special cases of Dyson's conjecture.
Mehta's integral.
Mehta's integral is 
It is the partition function for a gas of point charges moving on a line that are attracted to the origin . 
Its value can be deduced from that of the Selberg integral, and is 
This was conjectured by , who were unaware of Selberg's earlier work.
Macdonald's integral.
The product is over the roots "r" of the roots system and the numbers "d""j" are the degrees of the generators of the ring of invariants of the reflection group. 

</doc>
<doc id="18583037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583037" title="Eluveitie">
Eluveitie

Eluveitie ( ) is a Swiss folk metal band from Winterthur, Zurich founded by Chrigel Glanzmann. The band was formed in 2002 and their first EP, "Vên" was released in 2003. Vên was a studio project of Glanzmann's but its success led to the recruitment of a full band. They describe themselves as "The new wave of folk metal". The band then released a full-length album, "Spirit" in June 2006. In November 2007, Eluveitie was signed by Nuclear Blast
The first product of the collaboration, "Slania", was released in February 2008. The album peaked at number 35 in the Swiss charts and number 72 in the German charts.
Eluveitie use traditional instruments amidst guitars and harsh vocals. The lyrics are often in the now extinct language Gaulish. The name of the band comes from graffiti on a vessel from Mantua (ca. 300 BC). The inscription in Etruscan letters reads "eluveitie," which has been interpreted as the Etruscan form of the Celtic "(h)elvetios" (“the Helvetian”), presumably referring to a man of Helvetian descent living in Mantua.
History.
Formation and Twilight Records contract (2002 - 2007).
The band was founded in the winter of 2002 by Christian "Chrigel" Glanzmann as a studio project featuring different people on different tracks. October the following year saw the publication of the MCD "Vên" (Helvetian Gaulish for "wild joy" ). After Chrigel decided to make Eluveitie a real band instead of a studio project, he assembled nine other musicians, making it a full ten-piece band.
Shortly afterwards, the group performed its first shows, one including the Swiss metal festival Elements of Rock, and Eluveitie signed a contract with the Dutch record label Fear Dark which released a re-recorded "Vên" in 2004. Other live performances were played, such as on some events of "Fear Dark Festivals", and even as support for the established international pagan–folk metal acts such as Korpiklaani and Cruachan. At this point, the band became full-time, and 7 of the 10 members left for various reasons, leaving Chrigel Glanzmann, Sevan Kirder, and Meri Tadic to carry on with new members. They recruited six others, including Sevan Kirder's brother Rafi to play bass, making Eluveitie a nine-piece band.
A limited edition tribute album to the German-Icelandic band Falkenbach was published in 2006 to celebrate their 15th anniversary. The album included Eluveitie's cover song, "Vanadis".
At the beginning of 2006, there was another change in the band's line-up. Sarah Kiener was replaced by Anna Murphy to play hurdy gurdy and Linda Suter was removed, trimming the band down to eight members.
In the second quarter of 2006, the album entitled "Spirit" was published on Fear Dark, and in September that same year Eluveitie toured Europe with the German band Odroerir. At the end of 2006, Eluveitie signed a new recording contract with the German label Twilight Records. In early 2007, they played at Ragnarök Festival.
Nuclear Blast contract and Slania (2006 - 2012).
In November 2007, Eluveitie signed a contract with label Nuclear Blast. The new studio album "Slania" (a girl's name that Chrigel saw on a 2500-year-old tombstone) was released on February 15, 2008.
On June 4, 2008, brothers Rafi Kirder and Sevan Kirder (bassist and bagpipe player, respectively) announced on their MySpace pages that they would leave Eluveitie following their concert at the Metal Camp Open Air in Slovenia on July 8, 2008.
Eluveitie's next project, "Evocation", was announced in 2008. The first part of the album, "Evocation I: The Arcane Dominion", was released in April 2009. The band released an official special edition of this new album as Slania / Evocation I - The Arcane Metal Hammer Edition on the May Edition from the Metal Hammer, the magazine was released on 15 April 2009 with eight songs from Evocation I - The Arcane Dominion and five from Slania album.
Eluveitie announced via their website on 17 September 2009 that they were working on a new album titled Everything Remains (As It Never Was). The entire album was made available for "full prelistening" through the band's MySpace page on 12 February, to remain available until the album's European release. The album was released 19 February 2010.
Eluveitie toured Europe and North America extensively in 2010 and also visited India in February 2010 when they played at the college campus of Indian Institute of Technology Guwahati, Assam, India.
In August 2010 they were awarded the Metal Hammer "Up and Coming 2010" title at the Wacken Open Air.
Helvetios (2012 - Present).
Eluveitie released "Helvetios", another metal album, in 2012, which received very favorable reviews. In an interview with Metal Blast magazine, Chrigel Glanzmann revealed that he has already started writing new material for "Evocation II", the follow up to their 2009 acoustic album, as well as some new metal songs; as of June 2013, however, there is no clarity as to the release date of either.
During their tour in South America, Anna, the Hurdy Gurdy player, was reported sick on 26 January 2013, and had to take a flight to Switzerland on short notice, despite this however, the band are continuing their tour without her.
On August 29, 2013, it was revealed that Eluveitie had been working on a new album, and that their "Helvetios World Tour" will be the last of their time playing live (apart from their "Eluveitie & Friends Festival") before fully working on the new album. On the 11th of December, it was revealed that Nicole Ansperger will be the successor of Meri Tadić on the violin.
Characteristics.
Eluveitie infuses traditional Celtic folk melodies with Gothenburg-styled melodic death metal. Eluveitie uses traditional folk instruments in their music, such as fiddles, tin whistles and flutes, bag pipes and hurdy gurdies. The traditional folk tunes in their songs have been drawn from various sources, including traditional Irish reels. While many of their lyrics are in English, some are in the ancient extinct Gaulish language. All of the lyrics on their 2009 release "Evocation I - The Arcane Dominion" are in Gaulish (except the first song "Sacrapos - At First Glance"). Their lyrics are based on texts written in Gaulish such as prayers, invocations of the gods and other spirits.

</doc>
<doc id="18583043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583043" title="List of Pakistani field hockey players">
List of Pakistani field hockey players

The list of Pakistani field hockey players, who played for Pakistan national field hockey team since 1948 till now. This chart containing the elements arranged in order of Player name Duration & total number of matches he played and his goals contribution throughout his International career.

</doc>
<doc id="18583046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583046" title="Arallu">
Arallu

Arallu is an Israeli extreme metal band. As one of the members of the Jerusalem extreme metal scene, Arallu has "thrived off the seeming contradiction of its location within a 'holy' city."
Biography.
Arallu was created as the solo project of Moti "Butchered" Daniel, a bass guitarist who has performed live with Melechesh. The debut album "The War on the Wailing Wall" arrived in 2001 and featured "a drum machine programmed to ludicrous speed". In 2002, Arallu released their "iconoclastic" second album "Satanic War in Jerusalem". Nir Nakav from the band Salem was responsible for the drums and the traditional Goblet drum while Daniel performed on all other instruments and vocals. The album featured a cover version of Slayer's "Evil Has No Boundaries". Daniel expanded the band's line-up after the release of this album and a DVD "Visual Chaos Invasion" was released in the following year.
In September 2003, Daniel's brother was kidnapped and held to ransom by guerrillas from the Colombian organisation Ejército de Liberación Nacional. Daniel was successful in negotiating for his brother's release.
The year 2005 saw the release of Arallu's third album "The Demon From The Ancient World" with guest performers from various Israeli acts including Zeev Tananboim of Salem. Daniel returned the favor with a guest performance on Salem's chart-topping "Strings Attached" album.
In September 2007, Arallu opened for Mayhem's concert in Tel Aviv. . Their fourth album "Desert Battles - Descending to the Sands" was released in 2009./> The footage from the performance was filmed and is scheduled for release in 2010 as the band's second DVD "The Ultimate War".
January 2008 ARALLU interviewed for the metal movie GLOBAL METAL by Sam Dunn./>
On August 28, 2009, the band was the opening act for Behemoth on their show at the Barby club in Tel Aviv, along with Arafel.
In September 2011, the band went on their first European tour, playing 5 dates between September 9–13, 2011, in Germany, Switzerland and Austria.
In October 2012, the band went on their second European tour, playing 5 dates between October 19-28 in Austria, Switzerland and Hungary 
Between October 22-25 the band recorded a brand new single track name "Desert Genii Storm" in Sourmash Studio in Switzerland, produced by Dave Snowin May 2013 the band open for ENSLAVED at riding tel aviv ,October 2013 the band went ther third European tour playing 8 Dates between October 18- November 3 in Austria , Hungary, Switzerland and Germany.
Style.
Arallu performs black metal with oriental influences and touches of thrash metal. Critic Roberto Marinelli describes their style as "reminiscent of early Venom, Sodom, and Voivod: thrashy, monochromatic, underproduced and full of ideas that far outstrip their abilities". Daniel has remarked in an interview that Arallu's style has to be oriental, thrashy and barbaric "all at once".

</doc>
<doc id="18583052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583052" title="American hog-nosed skunk">
American hog-nosed skunk

The American hog-nosed skunk (Conepatus leuconotus) is a species of hog-nosed skunk from Central and North America, and is one of the largest skunks in the world, growing to lengths of up to 2.7 feet (82.5 cm). Recent work has concluded the western hog-nosed skunk (formerly "Conepatus mesoleucus") is the same species, and "Conepatus leuconotus" is the correct name of the merged populations.
In Texas, it is commonly known as the rooter skunk for its habit of rooting and overturning rocks and debris in search of food.
Description.
The distinguishing feature of the American hog-nosed skunk is it has a single, broad white stripe from the top of the head to the base of the tail, with the tail itself being completely white. It is the only skunk that lacks a white dot or medial bar between the eyes and has primarily black body fur. The snout of "C. leuconotus" is relatively long, with a naked nose pad, and resembles the nose of a small hog. The nose pad (20 mm wide by 25 mm long) is about three times wider than that of "Mephitis mephitis". The ears are small and rounded, and the eyes are relatively small. The fur is short and coarse.
The American hog-nosed skunk has stocky legs and plantigrade feet (the entire sole of the foot touches the ground). Its hind feet are broad and large with soles that are naked for about one-half their length. Its upper body is powerfully built, and the fore claws are very long. Length can range from 44.4–93.4 cm (17–37 in) and weight is typically 1,130–4,500 g (2.5–10 lb). The striped skunk can broadly overlap in size with this species, but in comparison the striped, has a shorter head-and-body length and a longer tail than the hog-nosed skunk. Males of this species average about 10% larger than females.
The American hog-nosed skunk is adapted for digging, and resembles badgers rather than other species of skunks in this respect. The rectangular-shaped scapula, strong forearms, and shape of the humeri of "C. leuconotus" resemble those of badgers. The nostrils are located ventrally and open downward. Their sense of smell is acute, and the nose is used in locating and capturing buried prey. This skunk species also is a capable climber, although not as agile as the spotted skunks of the genus "Spilogale".
Reproduction.
"C. leuconotus" breeds from late February through early March; most adult females are pregnant by the end of March. Typically, gestation lasts about 60 days. Birth occurs in April and May. Half-grown young have been observed in late July and mid-August, and by late August young begin to disperse. The litter size is one to five young, although two to four are most common.
Range and habitat.
This species occurs in canyons, stream sides, and rocky terrain. It has been collected in a variety of habitats in Mexico, including open desert-scrub and mesquite-grasslands, tropical areas, mountains, coastal plains, cornfields surrounded by brushland or adjacent to grassy plains and thickets of bull-horn acacia, thorn woodland, and riparian forests, characterized by live-oaks, pecans, sycamores, and Texas persimmons and an understory of briars, grasses, and weeds. It also has been found in pine–oak forest and in scrub and cacti. In Kleberg County, Texas, "C. leuconotus" occurs in mesquite-brushland, pastures, and native grassland, used exclusively for cattle ranching. Thorny brush and cactus are the predominant vegetation in the region of southern Texas where this species occurs.
It is omnivorous, feeding primarily on insects and vegetation, though it will take small mammals and reptiles when available. While sometimes considered a pest by crop farmers due to their rooting habits, this is largely misplaced, as it generally prefers insects to agricultural plants. Like all skunk species, it possesses powerful anal glands used to deter would-be attackers.
Subspecies.
Three subspecies are currently recognized, although one may be extinct:
Conservation.
Though not threatened through most of its range, one subspecies, the big thicket hog-nosed skunk ("C. l. telmalestes") of Oklahoma and southeastern Texas, is now considered extinct by the IUCN.
Globally, this species is of low concern for conservation efforts, but at the local level, it is considered threatened in some states. In Colorado, for instance, it was ranked as "critically imperiled because of extreme rarity (five or fewer records of occurrence in the state or less than 1,000 individuals)" as of 2006. In New Mexico and Oklahoma, it was ranked as "Imperiled because of rarity (six to 20 occurrences or less than 3,000 individuals)", also as of 2006. The situation is far different in Texas and Arizona, though; the populations are high enough for the species to be legally harvested throughout the year and is designated as a "fur bearer" by the United States Forest Service.

</doc>
<doc id="18583082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583082" title="Wallace Chafe">
Wallace Chafe

Wallace Chafe (; born 1927) is an American linguist. He is Professor Emeritus and research professor at The University of California, Santa Barbara.
Chafe was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He graduated from Yale University, where he obtained his doctorate in 1958. From 1975 to 1986 he was the director of the Survey of California and Other Indian Languages at the University of California, Berkeley. He later moved to the University of California, Santa Barbara, and became professor emeritus at UCSB in 1991.
Chafe is a cognitivist; he considers semantics to be a basic component of language. He is a critic of Noam Chomsky's generative linguistics.
He is an influential scholar in indigenous languages of the Americas, notably Iroquoian and Caddoan languages, in discourse analysis and psycholinguistics, and also prosody of speech.
Together with Johanna Nichols, he edited a seminal volume on evidentiality in language in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18583084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583084" title="Hadrian (BBC documentary)">
Hadrian (BBC documentary)

Hadrian is a Bafta Cymru-winning 2008 BBC Television documentary film in which Dan Snow follows the travels of the Roman Emperor Hadrian.
Production.
The film was produced by BBC Wales to tie in with the exhibition "Hadrian: Empire and Conflict" at the British Museum.
Reception.
Reviews.
Sam Wollaston writing in "The Guardian" describes the film as, "a breathless, whistle-stop tour of the Roman Empire," and complimented Snow for having, "contagious bounding enthusiasm, a real passion for his subject, as well as the authority and gravitas to make you sit up and listen," but he is however critical of the cameraman’s dizzying, "habit of circling presenters," and the presenter’s, "prancing around in the desert", wearing a silk-scarf in the style of, "The English Patient" or "Indiana Jones".
Andrew Billen writing in "The Times" described the film as a, "really rather good account," but described Snow as, "a bit too public school for my liking," "a bit keen on showing us his biceps," and, "a bit too Bear Grylls with his flowing desert scarf," concluding that he was unsure, "whether to be pleased or sad that Hadrian died a long and lonely death."
Ratings.
Broadcast 2008-07-19: 2.2 million viewers (11% audience share).
Synopsis.
Snow begins his journey at Monte Testaccio a vivid indication of the importance of Hadrian’s family olive oil business in Baetica. The Emperor Trajan was appointed guardian to the orphaned Hadrian who achieved his reputation leading the Emperor’s wars of Imperial expansion. Snow visits Trajan's Markets where Hadrian asserted his authority to rule following the death of his guardian. Reversing the expansionist policies of his predecessor Hadrian defined the Empire’s northern borders with a wall along the Danube-Rhine frontier and Hadrian's Wall, visited by Snow, in Northern England. Snow also visits the wall that defined the southern borders and the nearby city of Sbeitla in Tunisia which shows the prosperity this brought to the region.
Snow sees Hadrian’s commitments to the cities of the Empire in the monumental constructions of Cyrene in Libya and Sagalassos in Greece built to enforce Roman cultural domination. Hadrian found solace is his close companionship with Antinous and his spiritual heartland of Athens, where he was initiated into the Eleusinian Mysteries and built the Temple of Olympian Zeus visited by Snow, in Greece. Snow visits the remote Mons Claudianus in Egypt where Hadrian quarried the great granite columns for his most impressive monument the Pantheon. Hadrian decrees the construction of Aelia Capitolina on the ruins of Jerusalem exiling the resident Jews.
Snow follows Hadrian’s tour of Egypt to the Great Pyramid at Giza and the Valley of the Kings where following the drowning of his beloved Antinous in the Nile the Emperor founded the city of Antinopolis and deified the young boy. Hadrian’s repressive policies in Judea resulted in the Bar Kokhba revolt which the Emperor had Julius Severus quash by besieging the guerrillas’ mountain base, visited by Snow, in Israel. Snow visits the massive Villa Adriana at Tivoli where the isolated and paranoid Hadrian spent his final years on personal building projects. Hadrian constructed his own monumental mausoleum Castel Sant' Angelo, visited by Snow, where he was finally interred after rebuilding the Empire and ensuring its stability.

</doc>
<doc id="18583100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583100" title="Raid on Ross">
Raid on Ross

The Raid on Ross was a conflict that took place in 1491 in the Scottish Highlands. It was fought between the Clan Mackenzie and several other clans, including the Clan MacDonald of Lochalsh, Clan MacDonald of Clanranald the Clan Cameron and the Chattan Confederation of Clan Mackintosh.
History.
Ewen Cameron, chief of Clan Cameron was joined by Alexander MacDonald of Lochalsh, Clan Ranald of Garmoran and Lochaber and the Chattan Confederation. The Chattan Confederation must have made peace with their enemies the Clan Cameron. Together the clans went on a raid into the county of Ross-shire. During the raid they clashed with the Clan Mackenzie of Kintail. They then advanced from Lochaber to Badennoch where they were even joined by the Clan Mackintosh. They then proceeded to Inverness where they stormed Inverness Castle and Mackintosh placed a garrison in it. The Macdonald Lords of Lochalsh appear at this time to have had strong claims upon the clans to follow them in the field. The MacDonalds of Lochalsh were superiors under the chief of Clan Donald, Domhnall Dubh, who claimed the title of the Lord of the Isles, which had been forfeited to the crown by his grandfather. 

</doc>
<doc id="18583110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583110" title="Boonton Township School District">
Boonton Township School District

The Boonton Township School District is a community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Boonton Township, in Morris County, New Jersey, United States.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the district and its one school had a total enrollment of 808 students and 39.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 20.72:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "I", the second highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
For ninth through twelfth grades, public school students attend Mountain Lakes High School, in Mountain Lakes, as part of a sending/receiving relationship agreement in place with the Mountain Lakes Schools.
School.
Rockaway Valley School had an enrollment of 510 students as of the 2010-11 school year.
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="18583116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583116" title="Zhengzhou Railway Bureau">
Zhengzhou Railway Bureau

Zhengzhou Railway Bureau (Chinese: 郑州铁路局) is a regional railway bureau under the jurisdiction of Ministry of Railway of the People's Republic of China. It is in charge of the railways in Henan Province. Before the reform of national railway bureaus in March 2005, it also controlled railways in Hubei, south Shaanxi and south Shanxi. The current director of the bureau is Zhang Junbang.
History.
The precedent of Zhengzhou Railway Bureau was Zheng County Railway Station, founded in 1904. It was a station on the railway from Lugouqiao to Hankou. During Chinese Civil War following the end of Sino-Japanese War, Zhengzhou was occupied by the People's Liberation Army on October 22, 1948. Zhengzhou Associated Administration Commission, in charge of Longhai and Pinghan Railways in central China, was subsequently formed. In February 1949, it was renamed Central China Longhai and Pinghan Railways Associated Administration Bureau. In March of the same year, Zhengzhou Railway Management Bureau of Ministry of Railway of Chinese People's Revolutionary Military Commission was founded.
In September 1958, Zhengzhou Railway Bureau of Ministry of Railway was founded. In the following reorganization of railway bureaus, Ministry of Railway merged Wuhan Railway Bureau and Xi'an Railway Bureau into, and separated them from Zhengzhou Bureau several times. In the reform in 2005, Wuhan and Xi'an Bureaus were again separated from Zhengzhou Bureau. Because the railway sections controlled by Zhengzhou Railway Bureau are the intersection of several major railway arteries in mainland China, Zhengzhou emerged into a railway transportation hub in China, and boasts influential status in China's railway history. During Cultural Revolution, Zhengzhou Bureau was once administrated by PLA army to ensure the normal operations. 

</doc>
<doc id="18583128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583128" title="Artur Mroczka">
Artur Mroczka

Artur Mroczka (born November 2, 1989 in Poland) is an international speedway rider who is a member of the Poland U-21 national team. In 2008 he won the Team U-21 World Championship, Individual U-19 European Championship and Polish Bronze Helmet (U-19). In 2009 he again won the Team U-21 World Championship title with Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18583140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583140" title="The Bronx Executioner">
The Bronx Executioner

The Bronx Executioner is the English title of the Italian cyborg film, Il Giustiziere del Bronx, released in 1989.
Plot.
In the post-apocalyptic Bronx, warring races of androids and humanoids battle each other for supremacy.

</doc>
<doc id="18583156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583156" title="My Love Is Better">
My Love Is Better

"My Love Is Better" is a song by Norwegian recording artist Annie from her second studio album, "Don't Stop" (2009). Released as the album's second single on 9 October 2009, the track originally had featured backing vocals by Girls Aloud. "My Love Is Better" was re-released on 15 March 2010 as a 12" single.
Girls Aloud controversy.
"My Love Is Better" initially featured backing vocals by British pop group Girls Aloud. Annie received tabloid attention when various publications wrote that Girls Aloud requested "My Love Is Better" be removed from the album. Producer Brian Higgins was reported to have included vocal tracks from a Girls Aloud demo in the song without their permission. Annie told Digital Spy in an interview that "it's not as dramatic as they said in the papers", citing problems with the record company. "Brian asked them if they'd like to help out. They were really up for it and came into my studio and it was really fun." The issue was resolved and the song remained on Annie's album. She continued, "of course their record company said no and they ended up not singing on the song after all. I thought it was a little bit stupid but what can you say? It wasn't my choice. They were really nice, very sweet."

</doc>
<doc id="18583179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583179" title="Harlem Tommy Murphy">
Harlem Tommy Murphy

Harlem Tommy Murphy is an American boxer from New York, NY. In his first nine first, he was undefeated, winning six and getting three draws. He fought many great fighters in his long career, which lasted from 1903 to 1919. He compiled a final record of 85 wins, 31 losses, and 26 draws.

</doc>
<doc id="18583206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583206" title="Memory Run">
Memory Run

Memory Run, also known as Synapse, is a 1996 action film set in the year 2015, starring Karen Duffy. It is based on the novel "Season of the Witch" (1968), by Hank Stine, who is now Jean Marie Stine.
The year is 2015 and Big Brother is everywhere. The search for immortality is over. Science has finally achieved the impossible, undermining the most basic aspect of life: that Mind, Body, and Soul must be one. Those who benefit from this new technology will wake up to a new and youthful beginning - the rest of humankind must live a bad dream and wake up to a living nightmare that goes beyond life, beyond death, and beyond redemption.

</doc>
<doc id="18583207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583207" title="Melikkend">
Melikkend

Melikkend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18583225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583225" title="Buffer (GIS)">
Buffer (GIS)

A buffer in GIS is a zone around a map feature measured in units of distance or time. A buffer is useful for proximity analysis.
A buffer is an area defined by the bounding region determined by a set of points at a specified maximum distance from all nodes along segments of an object.

</doc>
<doc id="18583278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583278" title="Gaza Museum of Archaeology">
Gaza Museum of Archaeology

The Gaza Museum of Archaeology (, "Al Mat'haf", "The Museum") called in English the AlMath'af, Recreational Cultural House opened to the public in fall 2008 in Gaza. The Museum is a privately owned restaurant, hotel, and conference center, with a privately owned museum that houses antiquities discovered in the Gaza Strip from various historical periods.
Museum.
The museum holds a collection of 350 artifacts. They date as far back as the Bronze Age (3500 BCE). Tools, columns, motifs, coins, glass and pottery from the Roman and Byzantine periods, the Islamic period, the Crusader periods, continuing through the modern era to the time of the Egyptian administration of the Gaza Strip, which ended in 1967. Each display features explanations of the artifacts in several languages, designed for specialists and laymen alike, although none of the artifacts featured on the museum's website is identified or dated.[http://www.almathaf.ps/en-collection.php]
According to museum director, Jawdat N. Khoudary, "The idea is to show our deep roots from many cultures in Gaza. … It’s important that people realize we had a good civilization in the past. Israel has legitimacy from its history. We do, too."
Gaza does not have a law requiring rescue archaeology when construction crews happen on archaeological artifacts. As a construction company owner, Khoudary instructs his employees to save whatever they dig up so that he can search it for treasures for the museums. He also pays fishermen who bring him archaeologically interesting objects. 
The New York Times describes the museum building, made partly of stones recovered from old houses, old railroad ties and marble columns discovered by Gazan fishermen and construction workers, as "stunning". 
The museum was planned to be sponsored by UNESCO, and to be funded by a board of Palestinian trustees. It receives scientific and technical support from the Museums Division of the city of Geneva. As of 2010 it was privately owned and operated.
Some of the museum displays are censored by the Hamas-led government of Gaza. Objects that cannot be displayed include an Aphrodite whose gown is too revealing, images of other ancient deities and oil lamps featuring menorahs.
Restaurant.
According to the website, the elegant Museum Restaurant (Al Mat'haf) "has the flexibility to be used for seminars, conferences, personal events, weddings and a variety of other occasions."

</doc>
<doc id="18583313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583313" title="Himmelfahrt (song)">
Himmelfahrt (song)

"Himmelfahrt" (A German word meaning 'Rise or Journey to Heaven' and interpreted as 'Suicide Mission' by the German band Megaherz) is the German metal band Megaherz's fifth single, and the first single from the album Himmelfahrt.

</doc>
<doc id="18583336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583336" title="Gwihabaite">
Gwihabaite

Gwihabaite is a rare ammonium potassium nitrate mineral (NH4,K)(NO3). It is orthorhombic in form, colorless with a vitreous luster. It has a Mohs hardness of 5 and a specific gravity of 1.77. It is deliquescent and water soluble. The mineral is also known as "nitrammite". It was first described in 1996 for an occurrence in Gcwihaba Cave (Drotsky's Caverns, type locality), Maun, North-West District, Botswana. It occurs as incrustations and efflorescences on cave surfaces formed by bacterial action on bat guano.

</doc>
<doc id="18583408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583408" title="Mount Ireland">
Mount Ireland

Mount Ireland is a mountain in Grant County of the U.S. state of Oregon. It is about east-northeast of Granite, Oregon. It is the second highest peak in the Blue Mountains at after Strawberry Mountain, and Oregon's 71st highest peak. For a period of several years, this mountain peak was referred to as Bald Mountain but in 1975, it was changed to Ireland Mountain before formally becoming known as Mount Ireland. The name change was brought about by a cooperative effort of local citizens and the US Forest Service to honor Henry Ireland, a forest supervisor for many years, who had died in 1916. 
Several gold mining claims were established in the area and are still identifiable on local forest maps. Some are still patented while others have long been abandoned.
Mount Ireland is located in the Wallowa-Whitman National Forest and outdoor enthusiasts are welcome to hike the Mt. Ireland Lookout Trail #1604 which is open Summer and Fall. Though the trail is ranked as "more difficult", there are no restrictions. The trail covers 3.2 miles from an elevation of 6,000 feet at the trailhead and ends at the Mt. Ireland Fire Lookout established on the peak at an elevation of 8,321. The summit overlooks Baldy Lake on the north slope and though the mountain peak's name was changed, the small mountain lake retained its original name. The view from the summit provides an extensive panorama of the North Fork John Day Wilderness.

</doc>
<doc id="18583413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583413" title="The Final Executioner">
The Final Executioner

The Final Executioner or is an Italian post-apocalyptic film released in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18583415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583415" title="Horacio Neumann">
Horacio Neumann


</doc>
<doc id="18583417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583417" title="Vincenzo Pucitta">
Vincenzo Pucitta

Vincenzo Pucitta (or Puccitta) (February 17, 1778 – December 20, 1861) was a nineteenth-century Italian composer. Born in Civitavecchia, he wrote more than 20 operas during his career. One of his works, "La Vestale", after its premiere in London (1810), was also sung in Lisbon (1816), Milan (1816) and Rio de Janeiro (1817). He died in Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="18583428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583428" title="La Laguna, Chalatenango">
La Laguna, Chalatenango

La Laguna is a municipality in the Chalatenango department of El Salvador. 

</doc>
<doc id="18583434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583434" title="Ojos de Agua">
Ojos de Agua

Ojos de Agua is a municipality in the Chalatenango department of El Salvador. It is about 1700 feet (or about 1.1 kilometers) from the border of Honduras and El Salvador, which is formed by the Rio Sumpul.
<br><br>The name "Ojos de Agua" translates from Spanish to "Eyes of Water."

</doc>
<doc id="18583441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583441" title="Skydiving (magazine)">
Skydiving (magazine)

Skydiving is an independent, monthly news magazine covering the events, equipment, techniques, people and places of sport parachuting. It is based in DeLand, Florida, and has been published continuously since 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18583444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583444" title="1990–91 Slovenian Republic League">
1990–91 Slovenian Republic League

The Slovenian Republic League 1990–91 was the last season of Slovenian top-league within the Yugoslav football system. First 14 clubs secured their place in a newly established Slovenian First League.

</doc>
<doc id="18583445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583445" title="Liberty Square (Taipei)">
Liberty Square (Taipei)

Liberty Square (also Freedom Square) is a public plaza covering over 240,000 square meters in the Zhongzheng District of Taipei, Taiwan. It has served as the public gathering place of choice since its completion in the late 1970s. The name of the square recalls the important historical role it played in Taiwan's transition from one-party rule to modern democracy in the 1990s.
Overview.
Liberty Square serves as a major site for public gatherings in Taipei and is home to three major landmarks as well as civic parks. At the east end of Liberty Square stands the National Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall. The square is flanked by the National Concert Hall on the north and the National Theater on the south. A park surrounds the plaza and a wall surrounds the site. The square sits within sight of the Presidential Office Building. 
Liberty Square regularly serves as the site of mass gatherings in Taiwan. It is the scene for red-carpet ceremonies when Taiwan's president greets foreign dignitaries. Crowds gather at the square throughout the year for outdoor festivals and concerts. The Taipei Lantern Festival regularly takes place on the square. On many days students, athletes and soldiers may be seen at the square, working on drills and dance routines. The National Theater and Concert Hall host over 800 events every year and provide iconic backdrops for events on the square.
The ponds and parks surrounding the memorial and cultural centers feature well-maintained lawns, trees, and pathways. The ponds are filled with colourful "koi" traditionally found in gardens in East Asia. The parks regularly play host to quieter forms of public activity, such as Go games and taekwondo, T'ai chi ch'uan and other martial arts practices.
History.
The square had its beginnings in the 1970s at a time when Taiwan remained under martial one-party rule by the Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalists). Architect Yang Cho-cheng conceived the plaza as part of a grand design for a memorial to Chiang Kai-shek, the President of the Republic of China who relocated to Taiwan after the overthrow of the Kuomintang regime in China during the Chinese Civil War. The square first opened to the public as Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Square after Chiang's death in 1975.
Architecture at the site incorporates many traditional elements and recalls earlier Kuomintang monuments erected in China. Yang's design symbolically assigned civic virtues to each area of the square. The main gate, the Gate of Integrity (), was placed at the west end on Zhongshan South Road, with the Gate of Loyalty () standing at the north side on Xinyi Road and the Gate of Piety () at the south side on Aiguo East Road. A Boulevard of Homage, bordered by manicured bushes, connects the square to the memorial hall. 
The square became Taipei's site of choice for mass gatherings as soon as it opened. The nature of many gatherings gave the site new historical meanings. The square became the hub of events in the 1980s and early 1990s that ushered Taiwan into its era of modern democracy. Of the many pro-democracy demonstrations that took place at the square, the most influential was the Wild Lily student movement of 1990. The movement provided the impetus for the far-reaching political reforms of President Lee Teng-hui. These culminated in the first popular elections of national leaders in 1996.
The plaza's importance in the development of Taiwan's democracy led to its dedication as Liberty Square by President Chen Shui-bian in 2007. Though the announcement of the new name was greeted with hostility by officials in the Pan-Blue camp, the name has been affirmed since by officials on both sides of the political divide.
The inscriptions over the archways, including the main gate that declares the plaza as "Liberty Square" ("自由廣場"), recall the calligraphic style of Wang Xizhi in the East Jin Dynasty (see Chinese calligraphy). The style is noted for its sense of vitality, movement and freedom. The characters are placed in left-to-right sequence, following modern practice in Taiwan, rather than the right-to-left order of ancient Chinese tradition, which had been adopted at the site previously. 
Liberty Square remains popular as a public meeting place and a symbol of democratic progress. Within weeks of its rededication the square was the scene of demonstrations on behalf of freedom for Tibet, and within the year it was the scene of rallies for speech and assembly rights by the Wild Strawberry student movement.

</doc>
<doc id="18583450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583450" title="Gauss–Jacobi quadrature">
Gauss–Jacobi quadrature

In numerical analysis, Gauss–Jacobi quadrature is a method of numerical quadrature based on Gaussian quadrature. Gauss–Jacobi quadrature can be used to approximate integrals of the form
where ƒ is a smooth function on [−1, 1] and "α", "β" > −1. The interval [−1, 1] can be replaced by any other interval by a linear transformation. Thus, Gauss–Jacobi quadrature can be used to approximate integrals with singularities at the end points. Gauss–Legendre quadrature is a special case of Gauss–Jacobi quadrature with "α" = "β" = 0. Similarly, Chebyshev–Gauss quadrature arises when one takes "α" = "β" = ±½. More generally, the special case "α" = "β" turns Jacobi polynomials into Gegenbauer polynomials, in which case the technique is sometimes called Gauss–Gegenbauer quadrature.
Gauss–Jacobi quadrature uses "ω"("x") = (1 − "x")"α" (1 + "x")"β" as the weight function. The corresponding sequence of orthogonal polynomials consist of Jacobi polynomials. Thus, the Gauss–Jacobi quadrature rule on "n" points has the form
where "x"1, …, "x""n" are the roots of the Jacobi polynomial of degree "n". The weights "λ"1, …, "λ""n" are given by the formula
where Γ denotes the Gamma function and "P""n" the Jacobi polynomial of degree "n".

</doc>
<doc id="18583451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583451" title="All Saints Cathedral School">
All Saints Cathedral School

The All Saints Cathedral School, founded in 1928, is a private Episcopal college preparatory day school located on the island of St. Thomas in the United States Virgin Islands on Commandant Gade, or Garden Street. It serves students from all over the island.
Student body.
All Saints Cathedral School enrolls nearly 300 boys and girls in Junior Kindergarten through Grade 12, divided fairly evenly between boys and girls. The ethnic makeup is highly diverse. The number of students at each grade level is normally between 30 and 40; each grade is divided into A and B sections. The enrollment is stable since there is no room for expansion of the physical facilities. Students walk to school or come by car.
The school year begins in early September and ends in early June. Classes are held five days a week from 8:15 A.M. to 3:10 P.M., and the School is insistent on punctuality at all grade levels. Ninety-five percent of the graduates go on to higher education, and over the years, several students have qualified as Presidential Scholars and National Merit Finalists.
Student activities.
Students from All Saints Cathedral School acquit themselves well in a variety of interscholastic competitions. All Saints teams have been champions in Virgin Islands Territorial Quiz Bowl and Science Bowl. In 2003, All Saints ninth graders won the first ever Virgin Islands History, Geography, Civics and Juvenile Rights Bowl. They have also been leaders in the Moot Court competition for some time. All Saints students also compete in Virgin Island competitions such as Carnival King and Queen and Starfest. Younger students also compete in the Spelling Bee, Geography Bee, Math Counts and the JV Quiz Bowl. Other organized activities include Student Council, National Honor Society, French and Spanish Clubs, Interact, and varsity and junior varsity cheerleaders. School teams compete in tackle football, flag football, baseball, soccer, boys' and girls' volleyball they are involved in basketball, and girls' softball. Parents are welcome to attend student performances and are encouraged to join in School activities through the Parent Teacher Student Association.
Campus.
The school is located on Commandant Gade where the Cathedral Church of All Saints stands boldly in the midst of the academic buildings. The facilities are compact and fully utilized. A cafeteria provides hot lunches; students may also bring their lunches from home.
Philosophy.
"In the environment arising from the union of church and school, All Saints seeks to nurture the spiritual and social growth as well as the intellectual development of each and every student. All Saints emphasizes the importance of moral and ethical behavior and maintaining harmonious relationships within its very diverse community. School uniforms and weekly attendance at mass and chapel are required for all. Academic standards are rigorous at every grade level, and ultimately students are prepared for high achievement in academics and careers. The school has an outstanding record in standardized tests and produces a high percentage of National Merit Scholars."
Academic Program & Courses.
The school year begins in early September and ends in early June. Classes are held five days a week from 8:15 A.M. to 3:10 P.M. The courses offered in the high school include:
Mathematics:
Pre-Algebra,
Algebra I & II,
Pre-Calculus,
Geometry,
College Algebra,
AP Calculus
English & Grammar:
English 9 through 12 (includes Honors courses),
AP English,
Grammar 9,
Writing Tech I & II
History:
Caribbean History,
U.S. History,
World History,
AP World History,
Modern History
Sciences:
Physical Science,
Physics,
Chemistry,
Biology,
Advanced Biology,
Human Physiology
Languages:
French I - IV,
Spanish I - IV
Electives:
Music (Theory & History),
Art History,
Gym & Health,
Computer Science I & II,
Desktop Publishing,
Multimedia,
Graphic Arts,
Philosophy,
Psychology,
Speech,
Government,
Economics,
Speech
School uniforms.
Students are required to wear school uniforms consisting of a white shirt/blouse, and forest green trousers (for males only) and a green plaid or solid forest green skirt. Students are allowed to only wear all brown or all black shoes. Seniors are to wear green ties or green plaid ties (females only).

</doc>
<doc id="18583467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583467" title="SCOPE Art Show">
SCOPE Art Show

SCOPE Art Show (also known as just SCOPE and SCOPE Art Fair) is one of several global contemporary art fairs. The first fair featured 28 booths of galleries representing emerging artists. The art fairs are now held annually in New York, Miami, and Basel, each presenting between 60 and 100 exhibitors. Total sales have now reached nearly $300 million and the number of visitors has exceeded 250,000. SCOPE now also includes ongoing events, educational programs, and the SCOPE Foundation 501(c)3.
History.
SCOPE was founded by artist and gallerist Alexis Hubshman. The first art fair was held at New York’s Gershwin Hotel.. SCOPE began as an international exhibition of 28 galleries, curators, and art organizations. Each exhibitor featured one emerging artist. SCOPE planned to hold SCOPE New York annually and to possibly expand to other major cities. Daily events included a panel on the Harlem Renaissance, a Special Collectors’ Day, Cinema-SCOPE screenings of films and videos, and a day of performance art.
In 2004, SCOPE New York, on March 12–15 March at the Hotel Gansevoort, expanded to feature 65 international exhibitors and included the new Culture on the Verge Party to open the fair. In addition to the continuing Miami, New York, and Los Angeles fairs, SCOPE added a fair in London at the Melia White House in Regents Park on October 15–18 October 2004. This fair launched another new initiative, Performance-SCOPE.
In 2005, SCOPE included the Hamptons and Venice in its program. The first SCOPE Hamptons took place on July 15–17 July at Hampton Hall. Venice, a special project, featured artist Jason Hackensworth. SCOPE New York, Hamptons, London, and Miami were held again in 2005 and 2006.
In 2007, SCOPE Basel was held for the first time at E-Halle on June 12–17. SCOPE New York, Hamptons and Miami were held as well. SCOPE New York moved to Damrosch Park at Lincoln Center, where it would remain the following year. Shuttles ran between SCOPE New York and Armory Show throughout the fairs.
In a 2011 interview with art critic Brian Sherwin for FineArtViews, SCOPE Show Director Mollie White stated that SCOPE Art Show focuses on providing an international, innovative, and dynamic platform for contemporary art. White claimed that SCOPE explores art that is generally overlooked by other contemporary art fairs and that SCOPE is one of the first contemporary art fairs to fully embrace social media and the Internet.
Collector Mentorship Auction.
The Collector Mentorship Auction allows young collectors to further their knowledge of the art field by bidding on mentorship hours with established collectors. The silent auction takes place at each fair, begins at the preview reception and continues throughout each weekend. Young art collectors from the Whitney Contemporaries, the Guggenheim Museum’s Young Collectors Council, the Core Club, and the Soho House, among others, bid for the opportunity to work with more experienced collectors such as Beth Rudin DeWoody, Warhol collaborator Bob Colacello, Enrique Norten, Jed Walentas, and Brooklyn Museum director Arnold Lehman. The bidding starts at $500 and goes up in $100 increments.
Green Initiative.
SCOPE Hamptons 2008 includes a Green Lecture/Panel Discussion featuring architects and representatives from both Verdant Magazine and the Parrish Art Museum. SCOPE has also replaced some of their products with eco-friendly substitutes, including recycled paper and soy-based inks.
SCOPE Foundation.
The SCOPE Foundation benefits artists, curators, and under-serviced communities in its destination cities. Originally, the foundation offered grants to emerging artists and independent curators.
Emerging Artist Grant.
The Emerging Artist grant offers recipients a $2,000 grant. The cash award is intended to further the vision and career of artists with emerging talent, who demonstrate extraordinary future promise.
Independent Curator Award.
The Independent Curator Award is given to an emerging curator who is not funded or supported by a private or non-profit organization or a gallery. A panel of arts professionals reviews proposals submitted by participating curators; the winning curator receives an exhibition room at no cost during the next SCOPE fair.
Peripheral Projects.
The Arctic Circle (tac): A series of artist-led expeditions to The Arctic Circle aboard a traditionally rigged sailing vessel, followed by an international exhibit schedule.
The Girl Project: explores the lives of American teenage girls through photographic images they create themselves. Using the raw, honest qualities of film, girls communicate female adolescence as only they know and understand it. For more information please visit thegirlproject.org.
See also.
Perpetual Art Machine

</doc>
<doc id="18583474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583474" title="Muthina Haara">
Muthina Haara

Muttina Haara (English:Pearl Necklace) is a 1990 Indian Kannada war drama film directed by Rajendra Singh Babu. It stars Vishnuvardhan and Suhasini Maniratnam in the lead roles. The film speaks of the toil of warfare on the soldier life played by Vishnuvardhan.
Background.
The movie is set in the 1940s, 50s and 60s. The protagonist is a Coorg soldier who fights in World War II and in India's wars against China.
Plot.
Achappa (Vishnuvardhan) is a soldier from Madikeri who is injured while the Second World War is raging. In the hospital he meets an Army nurse (Suhasini) who is also from Coorg. After the War both get married in Madikeri. Achappa goes back to the Army and his wife lives with her in-laws. She has Achappa's son but she becomes barren after giving birth. The son is named Viraj but Achappa hasn't seen him as he hasn't had a break from the Army.
India becomes independent and partitioned. Achappa is stationed on India's border in Rajasthan. Meanwhile Viraj is a couple of years old and Achappa longs to see him. So his wife and son travel to meet him. But then tension breaks between India and Pakistan along the border. Viraj becomes a casualty even before his father gets to see him. Achappa and Suhasini are aggrieved; she becomes an Army nurse again. Despite Suhasini's insistence, Achappa refuses to remarry for the sake of having another child. They remain faithful to each other and live like this as years pass by.
Achappa becomes an Army Major, and he trains young army men in the Army institute of Dehradun. One day Achappa's aged parents from Mercara come to live with him. They have been kept in the dark about Viraj's death and so they long to see their grandchild. When they come to know the truth, Achappa's unwell mother can't bear the shock and she dies. Meanwhile the Indo-China War breaks out and Achappa is sent to the border with his troop. Achappa and his troop are captured by the Chinese and tortured. But Achappa remains loyal and doesn't reveal what his Chinese interrogators want. In his troop is a young, promising soldier (Ram Kumar) whom Achappa treats as his son. They manage to escape into the Indian border but are mortally wounded. Achappa dies there while his protégé dies in the army hospital. Achappa's corpse has a war hero's funeral honoured by the country, but Suhasini loses her sanity.
Theme.
The title, meaning a string of pearls, stands for what Achappa promises his wife; every year he buys a pearl and gives it to her with the hope that one day she can make a necklace of it. She does get her pearl necklace complete only to have it broken at Achappa's funeral. The movie depicts how war affects a soldier's life and his family. The film opens with a scene where Hitler is shown giving a speech. The backdrop is the Second World War in which Achappa the soldier is abroad fighting. When his young son becomes a casualty in another war (in 1947, against invading Pakistan) the mother buries him in the sand dunes while vultures hover overhead. While the soldier and his wife pass by the same spot the mother runs to uncover the corpse but Achappa stops her, hence the father never gets to see his son. The film ends with the funeral of the soldier at the time of the India-China War and his wife becoming insane. Skeletons riding horseback through darkness are shown at the start and the end of the movie. This is a metaphor for the ravages of war. The movie is not just a family saga but it depicts a larger dimension, it shows the devastating effects of war. Imperialists start war for their own greed but ultimately it is the people who suffer. Director Rajendra Singh Babu has conveyed a strong message - stop war.

</doc>
<doc id="18583476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583476" title="Dante Rivera">
Dante Rivera

Dante Rivera (born August 12, 1974 in Manhattan, New York) is an American professional mixed martial arts (MMA) fighter. He was a cast member of SpikeTV's "The Ultimate Fighter 7" making it to the quarterfinals where he was defeated by Jesse Taylor.
Mixed martial arts career.
The Ultimate Fighter.
Dante was selected to be a part of the seventh season of The Ultimate Fighter. In order to get into the house and actually compete on the show, Rivera had to fight John Wood, a training partner of Forrest Griffin. Rivera defeated Wood via kimura submission and was then selected to be a part of Griffin's team. In the first round of the tournament, Rivera was matched up against Brandon Sene, defeating him via decision and moving him onto the next round. Rivera's next fight came against teammate Jesse Taylor. Taylor defeated Rivera via unanimous decision and ended Rivera's chances of winning the show.
During the show, Rivera was consistently shown arguing with the young and inexperienced Matt Riddle. Dante, on more the one occasion, stated that he would retire if Riddle defeated him.
UFC career.
Dante fought Matthew Riddle at the TUF 7 Finale. Dante was defeated by Riddle via decision (30-27, 30-27, 29-28). When asked by Joe Rogan if he will retire as he had stated on The Ultimate Fighter, Dante declined and said he would continue to fight. After the loss, he was released from his contract.
Post UFC.
He made his post UFC debut against a castoff from The Ultimate Fighter 7, Paul Bradley. Rivera was defeated after being knocked out before the minute mark. He bounced back with a win over Lamont Lister and a win over WEC vet, Justin Haskins.
Rivera fought fellow "TUF" alumni, Dan Cramer, for a small New Jersey promotion. After three rounds, the fight went to the judges and Rivera was awarded the victory via split decision (30-27, 28-29, 30-27). Many spectators were upset with the decision believing that Rivera had dominated the fight and had convincingly won all three rounds. According to his twitter he frequently works to increase his cardio by innovating the art of dynamic rollerblading. 
Bellator MMA.
Rivera made his promotional debut against former Bellator welterweight champion Lyman Good on April 4, 2013 at Bellator 95. Good defeated Rivera via unanimous decision (30-27, 30-27, 29-28).
Rivera was expected to face promotional newcomer Nah-Shon Burrell on November 15, 2013 at Bellator 108. However, Rivera was removed from the card due to undisclosed reasons and Burrell was rescheduled to face Jesus Martinez.

</doc>
<doc id="18583501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583501" title="Doc Watson (album)">
Doc Watson (album)

Doc Watson is the self titled debut album by Doc Watson, released by Vanguard Records in 1964.
It was re-issued on CD by Ace Records in 1995 and numerous tracks have been used in compilations such as "Vanguard Years" and "The Best of Doc Watson 1964-1968".
In celebration of Vanguard Records 60th Anniversary in 2010, it was re-issued with original artwork on a limited edition 180 gram vinyl record pressing of 500 copies for Record Store Day on April 17.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, music critic Jim Smith wrote the album "The album is incredibly varied, from the stark, banjo-driven "Country Blues" to the humorous "Intoxicated Rat," and many of these songs became Watson standards, especially his signature song "Black Mountain Rag." His incredible flat-picking skills may have been what initially wowed his audiences, but it was Watson's complete mastery of the folk idiom that assured his lasting popularity."

</doc>
<doc id="18583502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583502" title="Destiny (1938 film)">
Destiny (1938 film)

Destiny () is a 1938 Italian drama film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Cesare Bettarini.

</doc>
<doc id="18583514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583514" title="Joseph LeBaron">
Joseph LeBaron

Joseph Evan LeBaron (born 1947) is the former United States Ambassador to Qatar (July 18, 2008-July 29, 2011) and to the Islamic Republic of Mauritania (September 1, 2003– November 22, 2007). 
In September 2011, Ambassador Joseph LeBaron joined Patton Boggs, LLP as senior advisor. He is active in the practice area of International Business, with an emphasis on the Middle East, especially the Persian Gulf. Additionally, Ambassador LeBaron is the Founder and CEO of GulfScape Arabia, LLC, a private consulting firm based in Washington, DC. The firm facilitates business and investment associated with the six Arab states of the Persian Gulf: Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, and Oman. GulfScape Arabia helps American companies enter Persian Gulf markets and Gulf businesses partner with American firms.
In January 2014, Ambassador LeBaron became Chairman of the Board of Global Building Solutions (Doha). He is also a member of the Advisory Board of Lagoon Capital Partners, a private equity firm based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Ambassador LeBaron was sworn in as Ambassador to Qatar on July 18, 2008, in a ceremony at the Simon Benson House of Portland State University in Portland, Oregon. PSU Interim President Michael J. Reardon presided over the ceremony, and the oath of office was administered by Paul J. DeMuniz, the Chief Justice of Oregon's Supreme Court. The event is believed to be the first time a career diplomat of the U.S. Foreign Service has been sworn in as ambassador in a public ceremony in the United States but outside Washington, D.C. 
Ambassador LeBaron received a BS in Sociology from Portland State University and a MA and PHD in Near Eastern Studies from Princeton University. U.S. Envoy "Thrilled to Return to Qatar"</ref> LeBaron served in the United States Air Force during the Vietnam War. In 2006-2008, he served as the Political Advisor to the Commander, U.S. Special Operations Command, MacDill AFB, Tampa, Florida. From 2001-2003, he served as a faculty member at The George Washington University's Elliott School of International Affairs.
He is married to Elinor R. Drake LeBaron and has one daughter, Petra Drake LeBaron.

</doc>
<doc id="18583518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583518" title="Vicente Gerbasi">
Vicente Gerbasi

Vicente Gerbasi (June 2, 1913 in Canaobo, Carabobo - December 28, 1992, Caracas) was a representative poet of Venezuelan 20th century.
Biography.
Vicente Gerbasi was born in Canoabo, a small city in Carabobo in Northern Venezuela as child of Italian immigrants. He was part of the "Grupo Viernes", and published many books of poetry; in later years, many were published by Monte Ávila Editores.
Gerbasi was also ambassador of Venezuela for many years: Haiti (1959), Israel (1960–1964), Poland (1969–1971). 
He received an honorary doctorate from the University of Carabobo in 1984. In 1986 Biblioteca Ayacucho published his "Obra Poética".

</doc>
<doc id="18583529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583529" title="Easton Diversion Dam">
Easton Diversion Dam

The Easton Diversion Dam is a diversion dam on the Yakima River In western Kittitas County near Easton, Washington. The dam is high, and long along the crest.
The dam was built in 1928–29. It is currently owned by the Bureau of Reclamation and operated by the Kittitas Reclamation District.

</doc>
<doc id="18583547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583547" title="Wacław Iwaniuk">
Wacław Iwaniuk

Wacław Iwaniuk (born 17 December 1912 in Stare Chojno near Chełm Lubelski), died 4 January 2001 in Toronto. Educated in Warsaw and Cambridge, England, a poet, literary critic and essayist for various Polish émigré newspapers in Canada and abroad. He served in the Polish Diplomatic Corps and as an officer in the Polish Armed Forces during World War II. Iwaniuk immigrated to Canada in 1948 (Toronto) where he continued to write and published in Polish. He was a member of several international literary societies (PEN) and writers unions (SPP - Lublin Chapter). During his career as a postwar émigré poet and writer, he had published numerous articles and publications including in popular Polish Kultura paryska.

</doc>
<doc id="18583553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583553" title="Shwayze (album)">
Shwayze (album)

Shwayze is the self-titled debut album of American rapper Aaron Smith, better known as Shwayze, released through Suretone Records on August 19, 2008. While Smith wrote the lyrics for the songs, Cisco Adler is credited for production, as well as cowriting the entire album. The first single off the album is "Buzzin'", followed by "Corona and Lime". The album has only one feature, coming from guitarist Dave Navarro, at the end of the song "Flashlight". There is also a hidden track, that is #69 on the CD, entitled "High Together". Smith and Adler released a mixtape shortly after this album, entitled "Rich Girls" that is available as a free download. The album debuted at #10 on the Billboard 200 with 47,000 copies sold in the first week.

</doc>
<doc id="18583585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583585" title="Fulbright–Hays Act of 1961">
Fulbright–Hays Act of 1961

The Fulbright–Hays Act of 1961 is officially known as the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 (, ). It was marshalled by United States Senator J. William Fulbright (D-AR) and enacted by the 87th United States Congress on September 21, 1961, the same month the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and Peace Corps Act of 1961 were enacted.
Purpose.
As the preamble of the Fulbright–Hays Act of 1961 states:
The purpose of this chapter is to enable the Government of the United States to increase mutual understanding between the people of the United States and the people of other countries by means of educational and cultural exchange; to strengthen the ties which unite us with other nations by demonstrating the educational and cultural interests, developments, and achievements of the people of the United States and other nations, and the contributions being made toward a peaceful and more fruitful life for people throughout the world; to promote international cooperation for educational and cultural advancement; and thus to assist in the development of friendly, sympathetic, and peaceful relations between the United States and the other countries of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18583586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583586" title="Zacatecas, Cuscatlán">
Zacatecas, Cuscatlán

Zacatecas is a municipality in the Cuscatlán department of El Salvador.

</doc>
<doc id="18583613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583613" title="Love Death Travel Box Set">
Love Death Travel Box Set

Love/Death/Travel is a box set by The Doors.
Contents.
The set consists of three CDs and one DVD. Disc 1 contains the band's highest charted singles. Discs 2 and 3 contain tracks hand picked by the surviving Doors. The total amount—54 songs—is almost the entire studio output of the band; 62 songs were released while Morrison was in the band. The DVD contains live footage, three remixes by other artists plus three 5.1 mixes by Bruce Botnick. The 5.1 mixes are presented as samplings of the Perception box set.
The Artwork.
The discs come in a plastic, slip-out book within a hard slipcase. The set also contains a specially created, hand-signed lithograph of Jim Morrison by Shepard Fairey, plus individual photos of the members photographed by Joel Brodsky in 1967.
Limited edition.
The box set was released as an individually numbered limited edition of 5,000 copies. Half of these were shipped to the film, television and advertising industries.

</doc>
<doc id="18583623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583623" title="Auguste Marie Henri Picot de Dampierre">
Auguste Marie Henri Picot de Dampierre

Auguste Marie Henri Picot de Dampierre (19 August 1756 – 9 May 1793), styled the Marquis de Dampierre and usually known as Dampierre, was a French general during the time of the French Revolution . He served in many of the early battles of the French Revolutionary Wars, and was killed in action in 1793. For him, the name Dampierre is among those inscribed on the Arc de Triomphe.
Early life.
Dampierre was born in Paris into a military family and was commissioned as a junior officer in the Gardes Françaises 17 May 1772. He was promoted to 1st Ensign 19 January 1777 and Sous-Lieutenant 15 June 1780, but then quit the Guards because he was dissatisfied with Marshal de Biron, and transferred to the Regiment of Chartres, 6 October 1784. He then became Major of the 2nd Chasseurs of Normandy 1 May 1788. During the 1780s he travelled to England and then to Berlin, where he studied Prussian military tactics. He became an admirer of Frederick II of Prussia, imitating him even down to the smallest detail, such as to appearing at court with a long tailed coat, which earned him a mockery from Louis XVI.
At the outbreak of the revolution, he was sympathetic to the new revolutionary ideas and resumed his military career, promoted Lieutenant-Colonel of the 5th Dragoons 25 July 1791, he became aide-de-camp to Rochambeau and then in April 1792 was made Colonel of the 5th dragoons under Biron. At the Battle of Quiévrain (30 April 1792) he was trampled by a horse whilst attempting to rally his routed troops, then, serving under Dumouriez, was promoted Marechal-de-Camp of the Army of the Ardennes.
French Revolutionary Wars.
At the Battle of Valmy, Dampierre commanded a division of the army of Beurnonville, then commanded the right wing at the Battle of Jemappes, where his troops presented him with a coronet for his bravery. Marching at the head of the Flanders regiment and a battalion of Paris volunteers, he attacked six enemy battalions threatening Beurnonville and aiding Beurnonville's successful advance.
Promoted General-de-Division on 8 March 1793, he commanded the right wing under Valence during the invasion of Holland and Flanders Campaign, and served under the Duke of Chartres at the Battle of Neerwinden on 18 March.
Following Dumouriez's flight, Dampierre was elected commander of the Army of the North and the Armée des Ardennes 4 April 1793, and withdrew these forces towards the Camp of Famars to re-organise. Under pressure from Paris and in an attempt to relieve besieged Condé, he attacked the Allies on 19 April but was repulsed after a stiff fight at St. Amand. At the Battle of Raismes on 8 May he again led his men to attack, but was repulsed once more and towards the end of the action hit in the thigh by a cannonball. He died of his wounds the next day at Valenciennes. He was buried in the main redoubt of the left at the Camp of Famars, but was reinterned at the Panthéon by the Convention on 11 May. His name is inscribed on the north side of the Arc du Triomphe.

</doc>
<doc id="18583632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583632" title="Mercedes Aráoz">
Mercedes Aráoz

Mercedes Rosalba Aráoz Fernández (Lima, 5 August 1961) is a Peruvian economist, professor, and politician. She served as Minister of Foreign Commerce and Tourism from 2006 to December 2009, after which she was appointed as Peru's Finance Minister.
Aráoz graduated from the University of the Pacific in Lima and the University of Miami.
On 2 November, Aráoz agreed to be the Presidential Candidate of the Peruvian Aprista Party (APRA) for the 2011 presidential elections. However, she withdrew her candidacy on 16 January, and the APRA party did not field any candidate.

</doc>
<doc id="18583657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583657" title="Tougher In Alaska">
Tougher In Alaska

Tougher In Alaska was a program on the History Channel that was a part of the network's "American Original Series" lineup. Starring long-time Alaska resident Geo Beach, the program explored the dangerous and extraordinary efforts put forth by Alaskans to perform jobs and provide services in such a remote, large, rugged, and hostile place. The program premiered on May 8, 2008 and aired one 13-episode season. The series was produced by Moore Huntley Productions, whose previous programs include several other programs about Alaska. The Principal Cinematographer was Daniel J. Lyons of Vermont Films.
Format.
Each episode featured several related occupations in which Geo Beach joins the workers for a hands-on approach to the unique dangers of performing their job in Alaska, in a manner somewhat similar to the Discovery Channel program "Dirty Jobs". The program switched back and forth between these jobs throughout each episode. Beach frequently commented on just how difficult or different life in Alaska can be, not only in the jobs themselves but also in the effort it takes just to get to where he or the fruits of his labor need to go.
DVD releases.
The one season of the program, featuring all 13 episodes, became available on DVD on September 30, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18583665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583665" title="Johan D. van der Vyver">
Johan D. van der Vyver

Johan D. van der Vyver is the I.T. Cohen Professor of International Law and Human Rights at Emory law school in Atlanta, Georgia.
van der Vyver received a Doctor Legum, from University of Pretoria in 1974 and a Diploma of the International and Comparative Law of Human Rights of the International Institute of Human Rights in Strasbourg, France in 1986. He also has two honorary Doctor Legum degrees from the University of Zululand and the Potchefstroom University for Christian Higher Education.
He was heavily involved in the promotion of human rights in South Africa, advocating for an end to apartheid, while a professor at the University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg.
He served as a fellow in the Human Rights Program at the Carter Center from 1995 to March 1998 before becoming a professor of law at Emory University School of Law.
He is a Senior Fellow at Emory's Center for the Study of Law and Religion.
He is the author of several law review articles and supplements including "Morality, Human Rights, and Foundation of the Law", "International Criminal Court and the Concept of Mens Rea in International Criminal Law".
In October 2006, van der Vyver addressed the U.S. State Department on whether to make the "Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Intolerance and of Discrimination Based on Religion or Belief" a convention. He argued that the government should push for "true" international consensus, rather than a "lukewarm" convention on religious tolerance.

</doc>
<doc id="18583672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583672" title="Gedaklu">
Gedaklu

Gedaklu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18583680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583680" title="Bayou St. John Confederate Submarine">
Bayou St. John Confederate Submarine

The Bayou St. John Confederate Submarine is an early military submarine built for use by the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War.
Description.
The submarine is constructed of riveted iron, long, wide and deep, with a hand-cranked propeller.
History.
No period documentation for the submarine is known to exist, and its original name and many details about it remain unknown. The submarine was rediscovered in 1878 during a dredging of Bayou St. John at its intersection with Lake Pontchartrain in New Orleans, Louisiana, where the submarine was presumably scuttled to prevent it falling into Union hands after the U.S. capture of New Orleans ("see also:" New Orleans in the American Civil War). It was put on display beside the bayou at Spanish Fort Amusement Park as a curiosity, incorrectly identified as the Confederate submarine "Pioneer". (The traditional identification as the "Pioneer" was not called into serious question until historical research in the late 20th century showed the "Pioneer" to be of different design than the one rescued from Bayou St. John.) The Bayou submarine and the "Pioneer" may have undergone trials at about the same time and confusion between the two may date back to contemporary accounts; it is not clear which of the two was constructed first.
In 1908 the submarine was moved to the grounds of Camp Nicholls Confederate Home on Moss Street beside Bayou St. John. About this time, the interior of the submarine was filled with concrete in an attempt at preservation that later generations of conservators would find questionable. 
In 1942 the submarine was acquired by the Louisiana State Museum and moved to Jackson Square; after being in various displays around the Square it was placed in the shelter of the arcade of the ground floor of The Presbytere in 1957, where it would remain until 1999.
In 1999 the submarine was transported to Baton Rouge, Louisiana, where the old concrete was removed as part of major restoration work, after which the submarine was placed on display at the Baton Rouge branch of the Louisiana State Museum. 

</doc>
<doc id="18583681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583681" title="Taipei Center for Popular Music">
Taipei Center for Popular Music

The Taipei Center for Popular Music is a performance venue being planned for construction in Taipei, Taiwan. City officials on July 24, 2008 announced plans to conduct an international design competition for the facility in tandem with plans for the Taipei Performing Arts Center. In 2012, government officials announced that winner of the design competition was RUR Architecture P.C., the New York City based American architectural firm represented by a joint collaboration between American architect Jesse A. Reiser and Japanese architect Nanako Umemoto, both well known in the architectural world for their innovative post-modernist aesthetic. The firm is particularly well known for its recently completed office tower, 0-14, in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

</doc>
<doc id="18583721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583721" title="Taipei City Museum">
Taipei City Museum

The Taipei City Museum is a new exhibit hall being planned for construction in Taipei, Taiwan. City officials on July 24, 2008 announced plans to conduct an international design competition for the facility in tandem with plans for the Taipei Performing Arts Center.

</doc>
<doc id="18583725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583725" title="Jasper Kirkby">
Jasper Kirkby

Jasper Kirkby is a British experimental particle physicist currently with CERN. He originated the idea for the Tau-Charm Factory, an accelerator now under construction as BEPC II in Beijing. He has led several large particle accelerator experiments at SPEAR; the Paul Scherrer Institute; and most recently, the CLOUD experiment at CERN.
The CLOUD experiment is investigating possible physical mechanisms for "solar/cosmic ray forcing" - a theory whereby cloud nucleation is affected by cosmic rays and the cosmic rays are affected by solar activity. The main purpose of the CLOUD experiment is to simulate the conditions under which clouds form in earth's atmosphere--specifically, the process by which cloud condensation nuclei form from aerosols in the atmosphere. Kirkby et al. published the results of CLOUD's first experiment in the journal "Nature" in 2011, reporting that cosmic rays "seemed to enhance the production of nanometre-sized particles from the gaseous atmosphere by more than a factor of ten." He added, however, that the particles in question are far too small to serve as cloud condensation nuclei, adding, "At the moment, it actually says nothing about a possible cosmic-ray effect on clouds and climate, but it's a very important first step."

</doc>
<doc id="18583729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583729" title="Luigi Cimara">
Luigi Cimara

Luigi Cimara (19 July 1891 – 26 January 1962) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 46 films between 1914 and 1960. He was born and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18583731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583731" title="Shō Shin">
Shō Shin

Much of the foundational organization of the kingdom's administration and economy is traced back to developments which occurred during Shō Shin's reign. As government became more institutionalized and organized, the "aji" (按司, local lords) gradually lost power and independence, becoming more closely tied to the central government at Shuri. In order to strengthen central control over the kingdom, and to prevent insurrection on the part of the "aji", Shō Shin gathered weapons from all the "aji" to be put to use for the defense of the kingdom, and ordered "aji" to make their residences in Shuri; lords separated from their lands and from their people were far less able to act independently or to organize rebellion, and, over time, their emotional connections to Shuri grew, those with their territory weakening. The residences at Shuri of the "aji" were divided into three districts – one each for those coming from the northern, central, and southern areas of Okinawa Island which had formerly been the independent kingdoms of Hokuzan, Chūzan, and Nanzan respectively. These regions were now renamed Kunigami, Nakagami, and Shimajiri, respectively, place names which remain in use today. Through intermarriage, residence in Shuri, and other factors, the "aji" came to be more integrated as a class, more closely associated with life and customs and politics at Shuri, and less attached to their ancestral territorial identities.
The "aji" left deputies, called "aji okite" (按司掟), to administer their lands on their behalf, and some years later a system of "jito dai" (地頭代), agents sent by the central government to oversee the outlying territories, was established. Some "aji" of the northern regions were allowed to remain there, not moving to Shuri, as they were too powerful for the king to force their obedience in this matter; the king's third son was made Warden of the North, however, and granted authority to maintain peace and order in the region.
The Shuri dialect of the Okinawan language used by administrators and bureaucrats became standardized at this time, and a golden age of poetry and literature blossomed. The first volumes of the "Omoro Sōshi", a collection of poems, songs, and chants reflecting centuries-old oral tradition as well as contemporary events, were completed in 1532. Along with later volumes, the "Omoro Sōshi" would become one of the chief primary sources for modern-day historians studying the kingdom's history.
The process of moving the "aji" to Shuri also brought about major changes to the city, including the construction of a great many grand gates, pavilions, lakes, bridges, monuments, and gardens. There came to be a great demand for masons, carpenters, and others, as well as for a wide variety of goods and materials, imported by each "aji" from his own territories. Okinawa Island quickly became more economically integrated, with goods and labor traveling to and from Shuri and the neighboring port city of Naha. Economic integration allowed territories to become more specialized, and the production of luxury goods expanded significantly. Various kinds of hairpins and other ornaments became standard elements of the fashions of courtiers and bureaucrats, new techniques in producing and weaving silk were imported, and the use of gold, silver, lacquer, and silk became more common among townspeople. Urbanization led to increased prosperity for merchants, traders, courtiers, townsmen and others, though historian George H. Kerr points out that farmers and fishermen, who made up the vast majority of the Okinawan population, remained quite poor.
Many monuments, temples, and other structures were also erected during the prosperous reign of Shō Shin. A new palace building was constructed, in Chinese style, and court rituals and ceremonies were dramatically altered and expanded, in emulation of Chinese modes. A pair of tall stone "Dragon Pillars" were placed at the entrance to the palace, patterned not after Chinese, Korean or Japanese models, but after those of Thailand and Cambodia, reflecting, as Kerr points out, the reach and extent of Okinawan trade and the cosmopolitan nature of the capital at this time. The Buddhist temple Enkaku-ji was built in 1492, Sōgen-ji was expanded in 1496, and in 1501, Tamaudun, the royal mausoleum complex, was completed. Shō Shin successfully petitioned the Korean royal court, several times, to send volumes of Buddhist texts; the first metal movable type printing presses in the world had been invented in Korea in the 13th century. In the thirtieth year of his reign, a stele was erected in the grounds of Shuri Castle, listing Eleven Distinctions of the Age enumerated by court officials. A reproduction of this stele, destroyed in the 1945 Battle of Okinawa along with the castle, stands in the castle grounds today.
The reign of Shō Shin also saw the expansion of the kingdom's control over several of the outlying Ryukyu Islands. Okinawan ships began in the late 15th century to frequent Miyakojima and the Yaeyama Islands; following a series of disputes among the local lords in the Yaeyama Islands which broke out in 1486, Shō Shin in 1500 sent military forces to quell the disputes and establish control over the islands. Kumejima was brought under firm control of Shuri, and liaison offices were established in Miyako and Yaeyama, in 1500 and 1524 respectively.
Shō Shin also effected significant changes to the organization of the native "noro" (ノロ, high priestesses) cult and its relationship to the government. He owed his uncle's abdication, and his own succession to his sister, the "noro" of the royal family, a special position known as the "kikoe-ōgimi". He established a new residence for the "kikoe-ōgimi" (聞得大君) just outside the gates to the castle, and erected high walls in 1519 around the Sonohyan Utaki, the sacred space and accompanying sacred hearth which she tended. A system by which the king and "kikoe-ōgimi" appointed local "noro" across the kingdom was established, tying this element of the native Ryukyuan religion into formal systems of authority under the government.
After a fifty year reign, Shō Shin died in 1526, and was succeeded by his son Shō Sei. It is said that after such a long reign, officials encountered difficulties in determining the proper way to conduct the royal funeral, succession rituals, and other important related ceremonies. Historian George Kerr writes that "Okinawa was never again to know the halcyon days of Sho Shin's reign."

</doc>
<doc id="18583751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583751" title="Watashi to Hōden">
Watashi to Hōden

The music video collection DVD "" was released on the same day.
Outline.
The songs were either not featured in previous full albums, or were at least non-album versions. However, not all non-album songs were released in this compilation.
The music video of ""Mellow"" was produced for this release. The clip was recorded the DVD ""Watashi no Hatsuden"".

</doc>
<doc id="18583756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583756" title="Susan Davis (BRAC USA)">
Susan Davis (BRAC USA)

Susan Davis is an author, public speaker and expert in international development and social entrepreneurship. She is a founder and current president and CEO of BRAC USA, an organization created to support BRAC, a development organization founded in Bangladesh in 1972 and the largest nongovernmental organization in the world. BRAC runs programs to alleviate poverty using microfinance, education, healthcare, legal services, community empowerment, and other methods.
Career.
In addition to her role at BRAC, where she is also a member of the governing body of Stichting BRAC International, BRAC's arm overseeing international operations, Davis has been a senior advisor to New York University's Catherine B. Reynolds Program for Social Entrepreneurship since its inception. Susan led 's Global Academy for Social Entrepreneurship and serves on its international board committee that selects Ashoka Fellows. She also oversaw 's expansion to the Middle East, North Africa and Central Asia and served as a Senior Advisor to the Director General of the International Labor Organization. She was the executive director of Women's Environment & Development Organization, founded in 1990 by Bella Abzug and Mim Kelber to take action in the United Nations and other international policymaking forums. Prior to that, she led initiatives aimed at scaling up microfinance institutions that were owned and governed by poor women at Women's World Banking and the Ford Foundation in Bangladesh. During her four and half years in Dhaka, she organized the Grameen Bank, BRAC and Proshika donor consortia to scale up microfinance. She was a founding board member and chair of the Grameen Foundation and was a board member there as of 2013. Davis was educated at Georgetown (BSFS 1978), Harvard (MPA 1982), and Oxford Universities (MPhil candidate 1980-81).
Publications and appearances.
In 2010, Davis co-authored the book "Social Entrepreneurship: What Everyone Needs to Know" with David Bornstein. She has appeared on CNN and ABC News discussing global poverty and health issues. Her work on microfinance and entrepreneurship creation in developing countries has appeared in Innovations, Harvard Business Review and other publications. In 2013, she delivered a Frank Rhodes lecture as part of "Creation of the Future: A Lecture Series for a New American University" at Arizona State University.

</doc>
<doc id="18583786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583786" title="USS Satinleaf (AN-43)">
USS Satinleaf (AN-43)

USS "Satinleaf" (AN-43/YN-62) was an which served with the U.S. Navy in the western Pacific Ocean theatre of operations during World War II. Her career was without major incident, and she returned home safely after the war with two battle stars to her credit.
Launched in Washington.
"Satinleaf" was laid down as "YN-62" on 5 July 1943 by Everett-Pacific Shipbuilding and Drydock Company, Everett, Washington; reclassified "AN-43" on 20 January 1944; launched on 15 February 1944; and commissioned on 8 April 1944, Lt. Arthur B. Church in command.
World War II service.
Pacific Ocean operations.
"Satinleaf" arrived at San Pedro, California, on 9 May 1944 for shakedown, and sailed from there on 13 June 1944 to join the Service Force, U.S. 7th Fleet, at Funafuti, traveling via Pearl Harbor. 
On 27 July, she departed Funafuti towing an Army barge which she delivered to Milne Bay, New Guinea, on 6 August. She was employed there as a harbor defense and general utility vessel until 1 October, departing the harbor only to deliver a barge to Manus between 18 and 25 September. 
Supporting invasion of the Philippines.
On 1 October, the ship sailed for Brisbane, Australia, where she loaded sonar buoy equipment for use in the forthcoming assault at Leyte Gulf. Picking up personnel for the buoy unit at Milne Bay on 15 October, she arrived at Leyte on 29 October, shortly after the landings. 
The ship began laying the sonar buoys on 5 November 1944, and guarded them until 17 January 1945, providing protection to ships anchored off Leyte. On 20 January, she became Harbor Entry Control Vessel and performed that duty until 12 March. Then, for the next month, she was employed in general utility work in San Pedro and Guiuan Roadstead and assisted part time with the Guiuan Roadtead net defenses.
Supporting Tarakan landings.
On 15 April 1945, "Satinleaf" was assigned to the Amphibious Forces, 7th Fleet, and sailed a week later with navigation buoys for the Tarakan landings. Arriving off Tarakan, Borneo, on 27 April, she laid navigation buoys to guide the assault ships along the cleared channel. 
This mission was completed on 30 April, and the ship sailed on 8 May for Morotai where she staged for the Brunei landings. Arriving off Brunei, Borneo, on 7 June, she once again laid navigation buoys in the channel; and, after completion of this duty on 9 June, she remained in the area providing general utility services until departing for Leyte Gulf on 25 June. She helped install net defenses in Guiuan Roadstead until sailing to Manus on 12 July for overhaul.
End-of-war operations.
Returning to Guiuan Roadstead on 30 August, after the Japanese surrender, "Satinleaf" helped remove net defenses in the Leyte Gulf area until sailing for the United States on 27 November 1945 via Eniwetok and Pearl Harbor. She arrived at San Pedro, California, on 4 January 1946 and moved to Tiburon, California, on 13 February to begin inactivation. 
Post-war decommissioning.
She was decommissioned on 4 April 1946 and struck from the Navy list on 8 May 1946. The ship was transferred to the U.S. Maritime Commission as of 7 May 1947 and delivered to her purchaser, E. E. Johnson, on 29 April 1947.
Honors and awards.
"Satinleaf" earned two battle stars during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="18583830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583830" title="U20 European Championship Men 2008 – Division B">
U20 European Championship Men 2008 – Division B

Squads.
At the start of tournament, all 16 participating countries will have 12 players on their roster.
References.
Official Site

</doc>
<doc id="18583841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583841" title="Emma Gramatica">
Emma Gramatica

Emma Gramatica (25 October 1874 – 8 November 1965), was an Italian stage and film actress. She appeared in 29 films between 1919 and 1962. She was born in Borgo San Donnino, today Fidenza, Province of Parma and died in Ostia.

</doc>
<doc id="18583864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583864" title="Matty Baldwin">
Matty Baldwin

Matthew "Matty" Baldwin was an American boxer from Boston, Massachusetts. Baldwin had 208 fights winning 101 of them.
Baldwin fought Johnny Summers (Boxer) in Massachusetts. Baldwin won by decision.
Baldwin fought Harlem Tommy Murphy in Massachusetts. Both fighters fought to a draw.
Baldwin fought Jim Driscoll in two consecutive bouts. Driscoll won both fights by decision; in the Bronx, New York and Boston, Massachusetts.
Baldwin fought Harlem Tommy Murphy again in Massachusetts. This time Murphy won by decision.
Baldwin fought the great Jack Britton in New York City, New York where he lost by decision.
At the end of his career he fought Charley White in Boston, Massachusetts losing to White by KO.

</doc>
<doc id="18583885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583885" title="Borer's Falls">
Borer's Falls

Borer's Falls is a 15 metre high ribbon-style waterfall found in the "Borer's Falls Conservation Area" in Dundas, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. Its source is "Borer's Creek." A very picturesque waterfall featured on many Hamilton waterfall postcards over the years. Named after the Borer family who ran a sawmill for over a century. This mill was the lifeblood of the village of "Rock Chapel." Also known as "Rock Chapel Falls." The area is a hiker's haven and also an ice-climbing destination in the winter when the weather is cold enough to freeze the Falls.
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Cootes Paradise, Borer's Falls, Borer's Falls Conservation Area, the Spencer Gorge / Webster's Falls Conservation Area, Rock Chapel Sanctuary and Royal Botanical Gardens, who own the lands around the falls. There are also many other waterfalls in the area. 
"Lower Borer's Falls" is a complex curtain/ cascade waterfall, 3 metres in height and 5 metres wide and a 10 minute walking distance south of Borer's Falls. Difficult to access. Good pair of hiking boots recommended to access by foot.
Directions.
Borer's Falls can be accessed from the Dundas section of the Bruce Trail and also from the Borer's Falls Conservation Area.
By car take the QEW west to Highway 403, which you will follow to Highway 6 in Flamborough and go north. Go left on Highway 5 ("Dundas Street"), and left on "Rock Chapel Road."
Hazards.
The Bruce Trail passes by the edge of Borer's Falls and presents a hazard to people with young children, as there is a poorly marked high vertical drop inches from what appears to be the trail; unless one reads a small sign directing you to walk on the road.
External links.
Maps.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18583956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583956" title="Thomas Lumley-Saunderson, 3rd Earl of Scarbrough">
Thomas Lumley-Saunderson, 3rd Earl of Scarbrough

Thomas Lumley-Saunderson, 3rd Earl of Scarbrough, KB (c.1691 – 15 March 1752) was a British peer and diplomat.
Born The Hon. Thomas Lumley, he was the third son of Richard Lumley, 1st Earl of Scarbrough and his wife, Frances. He entered the army before 1714, became Colonel of Tyrrell's Regiment of Dragoons in 1715 and a Lieutenant-Colonel in Lord Hinchinbroke's Regiment of Foot in 1717. From 1716 to 1731, he was Clerk of the Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, whilst also Envoy to Portugal from 1722 to 1724, (anti-Walpole) Whig Member of Parliament for Arundel from 1722 to 1727 and for Lincolnshire from 1727 to 1740, when he inherited his childless, elder brother's titles. In 1723, he assumed the additional surname of Saunderson after inheriting the estate of his maternal cousin, James Saunderson, 1st Earl Castleton and was appointed a Knight Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1725. From 1726 to 1727, he was an Equerry to Frederick, Prince of Wales, to George II from 1727 to 1730 and Treasurer to the Prince of Wales from 1738 to 1751.
On 27 June 1724, Scarbrough had married Lady Frances Hamilton, the second daughter and coheiress of George Hamilton, 1st Earl of Orkney. They had two children:

</doc>
<doc id="18583970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583970" title="Starozhily">
Starozhily

The Starozhily are the descendants of the Russian Settlers of Eastern Siberia in the 16th and 17th Century. Most of them were Old Believers at least prior to the rise of the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18583971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583971" title="Department of Science and Technology (India)">
Department of Science and Technology (India)

The Department of Science and Technology (DST) is a department within the Ministry of Science and Technology in India. It was established in May 1971, with the objective of promoting new areas of Science and Technology and to play the role of a nodal department for organising, coordinating and promoting Scientific and Technological activities in the country. It gives funds to various approved scientific projects in India. It also supports various researchers in India to attend conferences abroad and to go for experimental works.
Union Minister Shri S. Jaipal Reddy is head of the department, while Dr. T. Ramasami is its present secretary.

</doc>
<doc id="18583979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583979" title="Armando Migliari">
Armando Migliari

Armando Migliari (29 April 1889 – 15 June 1976), was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 103 films between 1914 and 1965.
He was born in Latium, Italy and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18583981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583981" title="Benjamin Caryl House">
Benjamin Caryl House

Benjamin Caryl House is a historic house museum located in Caryl Park at 107 Dedham Street in Dover, Massachusetts.
The Reverend Benjamin Caryl was the first minister of Springfield Parish, then in a part of Dedham which is now Dover. He built the house around the year 1777. Benjamin's son George, who was the town's first doctor, and their descendants occupied the house until 1897. Since 1920 the building has been owned and operated by the Dover Historical Society. The house retains its architectural integrity and has been carefully restored with period furnishings to reflect life in the 1790s when the first two Caryl families lived and worked there together. It is currently operated as a historic house museum by the Historical Society.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18583990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18583990" title="Mugni">
Mugni

The mugni (archlute) resembles a tar except that the two globes are connected and not separated like the tar's. 
During Ghuri rulers and Khwarizmi (12th -13 th century) music grew. Two notable theorists of this era were Fakhr al-Din al-Razi and Nasir al-Din al-Tusi. Another Persian theorist was Qutb al-Din al-Shirazi who was famous for Pearl of Crown (Durrat al-taj). In the Treasure-House of Gift (Kanz al -Tahaf) an important work in 1350, ud (lute), rubab (guitar), mughni (archlute), chang (harp), nuzha, qanun (psaltery), Ghaychak (spiked viol), pisha (fife) and nay-i siyah (reedpipe) are completely described. In other places, dutar (two strings) and setar (three strings) exquisite of poet Hafez are mentioned. 

</doc>
<doc id="18584000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584000" title="Lilí del Mónico">
Lilí del Mónico

Lilí del Mónico is one of the Swiss artist recognized as a reference for the renewal of the visual arts in Paraguay since it was in this country where she developed most of her work since the fifties. Born in (Switzerland in 1910; Asuncion and he died in Asuncion on February 7, 2002)
First Steps.
Lilí del Mónico 1948 began taking painting lessons in oil painting at Lausanne (Switzerland) with Professor David Burner and in Asuncion with Jaime Bestard . 
At the beginning of the decade of 1950 she held her first solo exhibition in the Paraguayan American Cultural Center (CCPA) in 1952 and participated in the Women's Hall of Fine Arts at the Union Club, both institutions of the Paraguayan capital.
Trajectory.
The year 1954 was crucial to work out the later Paraguayan visual arts. Lilí del Mónico performed with the New Art Group the first Art Exhibition of Modern Art in Asuncion in the windows of stores and shops on the street Palma, the main avenue of the capital down town. 
That same year, the group formed by Josefina Plá, Jose Parodi Laterza and Olga Blinder presented an exposition in Buenos Aires in the Argentine Society of Plastic Artists. 
This artist had since the beginning of her career intense participation in the cultural life of Paraguay. In 1960 she took part in several group exhibitions in Asuncion. In 1967 she made her second individual sample in the Kennedy Gallery. In 1968 he won the Gold Medal at the exhibition organized by the Society of Horticulture & Garden of Asuncion. 
Also, in the years 1972, 1974, 1980 she organized solo exhibitions in the Paraguayan American Cultural Center. In 1975 she participated in the sample group "Women in Paraguayan plastic." In 1976 she exhibited in the Colonial Bookshop Gallery in Punta del Este Uruguay. In 1980 she showed her oil paintings in an exhibit at the same individual Uruguayan seaside resort. In 1988 Lilí del Mónico exhibited in the Factory Gallery and made a show of paintings at the Gallery of Art-sans of Asuncion. She also could show her work in her homeland. So she took some pictures in which she focused on the female body to her country.
"Consistency internal".
In the catalog for the presentation “Art-Sans” her colleague from the movement "Arte Nuevo” and friend Olga Blinder wrote:" Lilì was looking for her way and her findings were not accidental. The force is always constant inside her and, although her production is not constant and is governed by a line or technical issue, the strength of her paintings rely on their authenticity, which makes her paint the way she speaks and acts in her daily life. Lilí is like that, weather people like her or not and, therefore, her paintings reflected the same force that always pushed her, in all her endeavors."
Plastic reflections.
As an exercise in reflection on her work and the path she walked by the group "New Art", Lilí del Mónico wrote the book "Between brush and reeds" this material was edited in Asuncion in 1990 and then translated into Italian. 
Lil's Mónico also had another little-known facet; of the industry. He was at the controls of the sugar mills "Censi and Pirota S. A. ", in Benjamin Aceval Paraguayan Chaco. She was remembered as the first industrial woman of Paraguay. 
The artist died in Benjamin Aceval on February 7, 2002 at age 92.
Collections.
The works of Lilí del Mónico are in the collection of the Museum of Contemporary Paraguayan Art Asuncion and in private collections in Paraguay, Argentina, Uruguay, U.S.A., Venezuela, Spain and Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="18584019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584019" title="Amos Morse House">
Amos Morse House

Amos Morse House is a historic house at 77 North Street in 
Foxborough, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1804 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18584031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584031" title="Jungman">
Jungman

Jungman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18584043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584043" title="Dragomir Markov">
Dragomir Markov

Dragomir Denchev Markov () (born April 8, 1971 in Sofia) is a retired backstroke and butterfly swimmer from Bulgaria. He was a member of the Bulgarian National Swimming Team (four men and one woman) at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. He didn't reach the finals in the men's 100 m backstroke and the men's 100 m butterfly.

</doc>
<doc id="18584045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584045" title="Capt. Josiah Pratt House">
Capt. Josiah Pratt House

Capt. Josiah Pratt House is a historic house at 141 East Street in Foxboro, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1760 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18584048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584048" title="The whole world is watching">
The whole world is watching

"The whole world is watching" was an iconic chant by antiwar demonstrators outside the Chicago Hilton Hotel during the 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago.
The event was broadcast from taped footage on the night of Wednesday, August 28, the third day of the convention. Demonstrators took up the chant as police were pulling some of them into paddy wagons, "each with a superfluous whack of a nightstick," after the demonstration blocked Michigan Avenue in front of the hotel.
The prescient and apparently spontaneous chant quickly became famous. The following year, it served as the title of a television movie about student activism.
The Chicago Transit Authority.
On track 10 of their 1969 hit debut record album the rock band Chicago, then known as CTA (The Chicago Transit Authority) used what may be a copy of the real audio clip of the crowd chanting, "The whole world is watching." The track called, "Prologue, August 29, 1968" is 57 seconds long. The chant continues into the next song, track eleven, "Someday (August 29, 1968)" but fades away after a few seconds, only to return again in the middle of the song backed by a haunting piano beat and a ride cymbal.
In their 2008 , Chicago reprised the chant in the third track, "All the Years". At about two and a half minutes into the track, the chant is played after a montage of other notable historical clips and concurrently with a harmonica solo.
Current usage.
Today, the phrase is regularly used in mainstream left movements such as the 2003 demonstrations against the Iraq War. It is the title of a 1980 book about mass media and the New Left by former student activist Todd Gitlin. Rightist commentators have also used the phrase to argue for such causes as U.S. condemnation of Islamic violence. The phrase is a poster tagline for the 2007 film "Battle in Seattle" and it is repeatedly chanted in the film. President Barack Obama used the phrase during demonstrations in Tehran over the outcome of Iranian elections in June, 2009. During the 2011 Wisconsin protests, protesters in Madison, WI chanted the phrase often in reference to the large national media presence and worldwide positive response. Protesters also chanted the phrase while being arrested and removed from the Capitol the morning of the first vote on the law they were protesting. Occupy Wall Street protesters chanted the phrase on October 1, 2011, when NYPD barricaded and arrested citizens on the Brooklyn Bridge in one of the largest mass-arrests of nonviolent demonstrators in US history.
Origin.
The origin of the phrase is unclear. The 1964 Bob Dylan song "When the Ship Comes In" contains the lyric "And the ship's wise men / Will remind you once again / That the whole wide world is watchin'." Peter, Paul and Mary, who performed for the demonstrators during the convention, covered Dylan's song on their 1965 album "A Song Will Rise".
Don Rose, who was press secretary for the Chicago office of the National Mobilization Committee to End the War in Vietnam, the primary organizer of the Chicago actions, has said in several interviews that he coined the phrase prior to a press conference on Monday, August 26, at which Mobe organizer Rennie Davis spoke. Davis asked Rose what they could say about the violence of the Chicago police the night before in Lincoln Park and Rose said, "tell them the whole world is watching and they’ll never get away with it again."

</doc>
<doc id="18584056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584056" title="Mugam, Armenia">
Mugam, Armenia

Mugam (also, Mugamlu) is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18584057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584057" title="Bald Mountains">
Bald Mountains

The Bald Mountains are a mountain range rising along the border between Tennessee and North Carolina in the southeastern United States. They are part of the Blue Ridge Mountain Province of the Southern Appalachian Mountains. The Bald Mountains stretch from the Pigeon River in the south to the Nolichucky River in the north, and comprise parts of Cocke County, Greene County, and Unicoi County in Tennessee and parts of Madison County and Yancey County in North Carolina. The Great Smoky Mountains border the range to the south, and the Unakas rise opposite the Nolichucky to the north. The range gets its name from the relatively frequent occurrence of grassy balds atop the more prominent summits.
The Cherokee National Forest and the Pisgah National Forest protect substantial sections of the Bald Mountains. The Appalachian Trail traverses the crest of the range. Populated areas within the range include Erwin and Del Rio in Tennessee and Hot Springs in North Carolina. The highest summit in the Bald Mountains is Big Bald, which rises to an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="18584072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584072" title="Soho20 Chelsea">
Soho20 Chelsea

SOHO20 Gallery was founded in 1973 by a group of 20 women artists intent on achieving professional excellence in an industry where there was a gross lack of opportunities for women to succeed. The founding members were: Elena Borstein, Cynthia Mailman, Barbara Coleman, Maureen Connor, Mary Ann Gillies, Joan Glueckman, Eunice Golden, Margaret Helenchild, Marion Ranyak, Rachel Rolon De Clet, Marilyn Raymond, Halina Rusak, Lucy Sallick, Morgan Sanders, Rosalind Shaffer, Sylvia Sleigh, Eileen Spikol, May Stevens, Suzanne Weisberg, and Sharon Wybrants-Lynch. These fore-thinking and industrious women created an artist-run organization devoted to the mission of increasing public awareness of the excellence and diversity of women’s art. SOHO20’s first news release in October 1973 stated, "“In keeping with the feminist ideal of women defining themselves, the criterion for membership is professional excellence without restriction of style, medium, or theme. Twenty one-woman shows are planned which will demonstrate the variety of means and images through which women artists have chosen to express themselves.”" The Gallery was located at 99 Spring Street in Soho, downtown New York City, the center of the art world.
SOHO20 was one of the first galleries in Manhattan to showcase the work of an all-woman membership and most of the members joined the organization as emerging artists. These artists were provided with the exhibition opportunities they couldn’t find elsewhere and as a result gained abundant recognition through their involvement with the gallery. Many SOHO20 artists have been repeatedly cited for their artistic achievements in publications such as "The New York Times", "The Village Voice", "Arts Magazine", "The Soho Weekly News", and "Craft Horizons". An October 1973 "Village Voice" article about Sylvia Sleigh stated: "“The nude portrait and nude male portrait by a woman artist is one of Sleigh’s strongest accomplishments. Invention of any new genre is never exact, but occurs within a context; in this case, feminism and art history.”" In 1980, "Arts Magazine" reviewed former emerging artist, and current gallery member, Eve Ingalls, claiming, "“if the 70’s has been a decade of new exploration, and I think it was, then Ingalls’ work is like a watermark, a stamp of importance upon the current art terrain.”" Some notable artists who have benefited from participating in exhibitions at SOHO20 are Sana Musasama, Maron Hassinger, Clare Moore, Lil Picard and Jane Teller, as well as architects Anne King, May Callas and Sarah Harkness.
In the 1980’s the benefits and effectiveness of SOHO20 and other artist-run galleries were widely discussed in art publications. Artspeak focused on the impact that SOHO20 had in establishing artist’s careers, where "“some artists retain membership here while also being in private galleries; Sylvia Sleigh and Elena Borstein at SOHO20 and May Stevens at Lerner Heller have found the added exposure of great benefit.”" 
In 1982, the gallery was achieving consistent success and receiving ample media attention. The members decided to move to a new space at 469 Broome Street, another location in Soho, and as the then SOHO20 Gallery Coordinator Reine Hauser wrote, "“By inviting other women to exhibit, the members shared and broadened their experiences.”" 
International exchanges started in 1990 with artists showing in Germany with the support of the Goethe House. In 1998, member Eleonora Tammes and her husband Orson van de Plassche secured fundings from the Mondrian Foundation, the Anjer Foundation, Merryl Lynch Bank and the Netherlands America Foundation that unable SOHO20 members to exhibit in Amsterdam at the De ZAAIJER Gallery. The show got reviewed in the main newspapers (DE VOLKSKRANT, NRC HANDELSBLAD, ALGEMEEN DAGBLAD and was featured on chanel ATV 
( Amsterdam TV).
Built to serve the public and create opportunities for underrepresented artists, SOHO20 Gallery gained legal, non-profit 501© 3 status in 1989. This new status enabled the gallery to receive funding from the New York State Council on the Arts for the two exhibition series: "“Emerging Women Artists”" and "“Senior Women Artists, Ageless Perceptions.”" Both of which ran for four years and were highly attended.
By this time SOHO20 had become known for featuring exhibits that exposed relevant social and political issues. In 1985 "“Private Gone Public”", was reviewed in The New York Times, "“Another show of work by six ‘gut issue’ artists – all women – assembled by the art critic Ellen Lubell…(Bonnie) Lucas makes clever assemblages of baby clothes and female fripperies – laces, ribbons, glitter, fake jewelry, etc. – in not-so-demure compositions that put down accepted female roles.”" In 1990, an exhibition curated by artist Faith Ringgold was a tribute to civil rights workers killed in 1964, ""Chaney, Goodman, and Schwerner, The Mississippi Three: The Struggle Continues."" This exhibit featured works by six African-American women artists making public their personal reflections about the deaths of these civil rights workers, and about the continuing struggle for civil rights in America. Accompanying this 1990 exhibit was a “mail art” show of 400 works by 200 artists from South Africa. Organized and curated by SOHO20 member Janet Goldner, "“South African Mail: Images From Inside”" later traveled and was exhibited in other gallery locations in the U.S.
Next in 1990, SOHO20 presented the exhibit "“Blacklisted/Whitewashed and Red Handed,”" which featured works related to issues of censorship, funding restrictions, and 1st Amendment rights after funding for the National Endowment for the Arts had been cut. This exhibit of painting and sculpture by SOHO20 artists and artist/interns from Washington Irving High School in New York City united the visions of adult and youth artists. Later that same year, the Organization of Asian Women and SOHO20 Gallery presented an art auction of works by Asian artists (including Martin Wong, Yung Soon Min, Arlen Huang and Helen Oji) to benefit the New York Asian Women’s Center, a center that addresses the problem of mistreated women in Asian-American communities. And in 1994, with "“Effect or Infect: Art and Ecology,”" SOHO20 hosted an invitational exhibit of work that addressed the fragile state of world ecology.
Since 1994, SOHO20 has released an annual call for artists for the “Annual International Exhibit of Women’s Art.” Juried by notable artists and curators such as Clare Bell (Assistant Curator, Guggenheim Museum Soho), Charlotta Kotik (Curator of Contemporary Art, Brooklyn Museum), Evelyn Hankins (Assistant Curator, Whitney Museum of Contemporary Art), Judy Hecker (Assistant Curator, MOMA), Fereshteh Daftari (Assistant Curator, MOMA), Lilian Tone (Assistant Curator, Department of Painting and Sculpture, MOMA), Carrie Springer (Senior Curatorial Assistant, Whitney Museum of American Art) Chakaia Booker, Sculptor, Phong Bui, Artist and Curator and publisher of the Brooklyn Rail arts journal, Dean Daderko (Curator at the Contemporary Arts Museum Houston). This exhibit has given more than 300 artists worldwide the opportunity to exhibit at SOHO20 Gallery and awarded annually a solo exhibition for the “best in Show”.
The gallery moved to a third location at 545 Broadway in 1996, staying in Soho, and then relocated to 511 West 25th Street in Chelsea at the end of 2001. The gallery continued its rotating schedule of exhibitions, as well as working with literary artists, including Linda Nochlin, who read her poetry at SOHO20 during this time. Between 2003 and 2010 SOHO20 also hosted events led by the organization Artists Talk on Art (ATOA). Weekly ATOA panel discussions featured topics such as: Dialogue on Digital Art, Trends in Book Art, Overview of the Art for Transit Program, What is Fine Art?, and Museums and Alternative Spaces, among many others. These events brought together panelists from different disciplines: established artists, critics, dealers, gallery directors, museum curators and community leaders, as well as a broad cross section of audience members from New York.
In an effort to give back and use art to promote awareness and understanding of global issues SOHO20 members have often used their exhibition opportunities to help others. In 2005, artist Nelleke Nix had a solo benefit exhibit entitled, “Lions Share,” all net proceeds from “Lions Share” were donated to bovine tuberculosis research, and medicine for the lions of South Africa to curb the spread of the deadly disease. Also in 2005, Lucy Hodgson’s exhibition, “Undercurrents” donated sales proceeds to Mercy Corps for Tsunami Victim Aid. And 2005 ended with an invitational exhibit, “Small Works,” for which artist members invited other artists to exhibit for the month of December. Portions of proceeds from the sales during “Small Works” were donated to the Hurricane Katrina Relief Fund.
Continuing with feminist inspired exhibitions, SOHO20 organized in 2007 a juried exhibit in conjunction with the Feminist Art Project through Rutgers University, "“Adam’s Rib, Eve’s Air In Her Hair”", a concept exhibit examining the many forms of Eve (female identity) and a Latin American Art exhibit, "“Fuerza Argentinos”" featuring a group of female Argentinean artists, most of whom were receiving little artistic recognition beyond Argentina.
In 2008 SOHO20 hosted their first all woman video show entitled, "“ Boxing Gloves and Bustiers,”" which was juried by video and performance artist Kate Gilmore. Then in late 2009, the gallery relocated to its fifth and present location on West 27th street.
SOHO20 has also been host to various film screenings, such as "“LOOK HERE, a portrait of Sylvia Sleigh”" in 2010. This documentary on SOHO20 founding member and figure of the feminist art movement of the 60’s/70’s, was followed by a discussion with Sylvia Sleigh, film maker/actress Paula Ewin and moderated by artist and curator Kathryn McFadden.
That same year, artist Diane Churchill put together a series of talks and dialogues entitled, "“INTERNATIONAL FOCUS-Women in Crisis”" dealing with human right’s issues such as sex trafficking, child soldiers and genital mutilation. Later the series adopted a broader name, "“CONVERSATIONS,”" and continued with experts speaking on a variety of topics including “Voices of Muslim Women”, a talk between activist Robina Niaz and artist member Aphodite Navab. In 2010, the series continued with “What’s Old is New Again: The legacy of the feminist art movement of the 70’s,” with Harriet Lyons and artists Damali Abrams, Orly Cogan, Donna Dodson, and Chris Twomey, as well as a discussion around Hester Eisenstein’s book, “Feminism Seduced; How Global Elites Use Women’s Labor and Ideas to Exploit the World” with artists Karen Frostig and Suzanne Stroebe, and in 2013, with “Louise Nevelson: Empress Of Environmental Sculpture” with author, art historian and psychoanalyst Laurie Wilson, and artists Gisela Insuaste and Julie Schenkleberg.
Since 1994, through donations from Marsh and McClennan, Adeline Hazard Perkins and other private and Fiduciary Trust donations, SOHO20 funded 15 fellowships providing deserving women artists with full member benefits for 2 years without the financial obligation usually associated with membership. A memorial exhibition of works by long time member Ellen Hoffman was hosted at the end of 2009, and at the same time SOHO20 renamed the fellowship program, the “Ellen Hoffman Fellowship Fund” in Ms. Hoffman’s memory.
“Savoir-Faire” began in 2009 as a platform for women performance artists to realize never before seen projects. Now in its fifth year, this invitational program created and curated by gallery director Jenn Dierdorf, offers a place for each artist to develop and present their work to a live audience. Through “Savoir-Faire,” SOHO20 draws out the playful, experimental, and powerfully delicious aspects of artistic inquiry to reassess and redefine our perceptions about art, life, and the roles of women in each.
Implemented around the same time was the Artist Studio Residency Program providing selected artists with a studio for 3 months and participation in Open Studio events. Artists in Residence have included Naoko Ito, Amanda Buonocore, Krista Peters, Allyson Ross, Ginny Huo, GO! PUSH POPS (Katie Cercone and Elisa Garcia de la Huerta), Lisette Morel, Anne Percoro, and in 2013, So Yeon Park, Caitlin Baucom and Golnar Adili. Other outreach programs include “SIGHT unSEEN,” an ongoing series of gallery tours through the Chelsea Arts district. Led by guest curators, writers and artists “SIGHT unSEEN,” encourages the examination and discussion of art by women and hopes to share with the public the myriad of provocative, inquisitive, and engaging works by women artists.
In 2012, forty years after the founding of feminist institutions such as Ms. Magazine, Title IX, A.I.R. Gallery, Ceres Gallery and SOHO20, many of the rights won by the second-wave generation of feminists seemed to be slipping away. In response to the incredible increasing tension against providing women with basic healthcare needs and the ensuing media firestorm, SOHO20 served as a venue for outrage. The exhibition was called "“Backlash”" and it was open to all artists who felt an injustice in the way women in our world are treated. The response to this “unjuried” exhibition was overwhelming; Backlash included the work of men and women, across generations, working in a variety of media to express fear, anger, despair, but also hope, fortitude, and solidarity. The event also featured performances by Go! Push Pops, Words Of Choice, The Baltimore Experimental Dance Collective & Kay Turner's song "Breast Exam" with guitarist extraordinaire Viva DeConcini. To provide an additional forum for conversation surrounding these issues, as well as a means of direct action, SOHO20 also collaborated with Government Free VJJ in hosting “The Snatchel Project,” an afternoon of feminist crafting making vaginas and uteruses to be send to male representatives in congress.
In 2013, SOHO20 presented "“Women Redrawing the World Stage.”" This exhibition was inspired by an extraordinary collection of events called the “Fertile Crescent Project,” which originated at the Institute of Women and Art at Rutgers University featuring artists Samira Abbassy, Zeina Barakeh, Milcah Bassel, Nezaket Ekici, Dahlia Elsayed, Chitra Ganesh, Mona Hatoum, Farah Ossouli, and Armita Raafat. Accompanying the exhibition, SOHO20 artist Aphrodite Navab moderated a panel discussion “The Iranian Diaspora: Women Redrawing the World Stage” with guest speakers Samira Abbassy, Farah Ossouli, and Armita Raafat. Also, The Feminist Art Project and the College Art Association in conjunction with SOHO20 presented “Place and Performance Art: Women Relocating the World,” chaired and moderated by Dr. Kathleen Wentrack with artists Aphrodite Navab, Jodie Lyn-Kee-Chow, and Maria Hupfield.
Throughout the years, the gallery has increased emerging artist memberships; continued quality member exhibits, implemented fellowship memberships, featured numerous shows that address crucial social and political issues, organized group shows featuring women from diverse cultural backgrounds, and hosted panel discussions about significant art topics. In our forty year history more than 250 women artists have had their first New York City solo show at SOHO20 Gallery and more than 1,000 emerging artists have had the opportunity to exhibit in group shows. SOHO20 Gallery has provided not only an opportunity for exhibition, but also informal mentor opportunities for emerging artists to learn from more established artists. SOHO20 is now one of the oldest organizations in the U.S. created to address the under-representation in museums and galleries of work by women. SOHO20 Gallery members have received numerous distinctions, grants and fellowships, and are represented in major museums as well as public and private collections in the US and abroad.
In 2011, the National Museum of Women in the Arts reported that although 51% of visual artists today are women only 5% of the art currently on display in U.S. museums is made by women. SOHO20 is on the forefront of the contemporary art world, and works to continually redefine the meaning of feminism in art. Our goal is to defend feminism by continuing to challenge the unfair exclusion of women without accepting simplistic stereotypes or ideological policies. Our mission remains to provide exhibition opportunities for women artists, present educational programs and promote knowledge of women’s artistic contributions to the general public.

</doc>
<doc id="18584082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584082" title="Abbe error">
Abbe error

Abbe error, named after Ernst Abbe, also called sine error, describes the magnification of angular error over distance. For example, when one measures a point that is 1 meter away at 45 degrees, an angular error of 1 degree corresponds to a positional error of over 1.745 cm, equivalent to a distance-measurement error of 1.745%.
In machine design, some components are particularly sensitive to angular errors. For example, if the shaft of a lathe is angled slightly, the part will have errors in diameter far down the part.
Abbe error can be detrimental to dead reckoning.
Formula: 
As Abbe errors those deviations are referred to in the length measurement, resulting from the fact that the axis of the reference length and the movement axis do not coincide and the relative movement of the measurement object to Antastsensor with guide deviations such as Pitch or yaw angle errors is afflicted.
The Nanometer, the vacuum - interference comparator for precision measurements of length divisions, has in vacuum measured angular interferometer to determine the remaining leadership deviations of the air bearing precision air bearing slide, on the stored metrics and below each at a measuring bridge fixedly mounted scanning system (microscope or scanning ) are moved away.

</doc>
<doc id="18584090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584090" title="Ray Shell">
Ray Shell

Ray Shell is an African-American film, TV and stage actor, as well as an author, director and producer. He is famous for creating the roles of Nomax in "Five Guys Named Moe" and Rusty in "Starlight Express". He is a Creative Director of the Giant Olive Theatre Company, resident Company at the Lion & Unicorn Theatre in Kentish Town.
Career.
In 2008, Shell wrote about his appearance in and the closure of the musical "Gone with the Wind" for The Guardian newspaper. After arriving in London in 1978 with the Gospel musical "Little Willie Jr's Resurrection", Shell immediately became part of London's New Wave music scene recording with Howard Devoto's Magazine, covering Kate Bush's "Them Heavy People". He went on to record with his own band The Street Angels featuring a "pre-Simon Cowell Sinita, Carl McKintosh and Charita Jones.
Summer 2011, Shell was the performance coach for Adrian Grant's "Respect La Diva" starring Sheila Ferguson, Zoe Birkett, Katy Satterfield, Denise Pearson and Andy Abraham. In winter 2011, Ray was James Earl Jones' standby in the London West End production of the Broadway hit "Driving Miss Daisy" starring, Boyd Gaines and Vanessa Redgrave in the title role.
In March 2012, Shell's TAIP (Total Artist in Production) produced "The Gaddafi Club", a new play. In spring 2012, Ray toured the UK as MC Romeo Marcell in "Dancing in the Streets". In 2012, Shell directed "A Dream Across the Ocean", a new British musical produced by Samuel Facey and Dave Prince from ChurchBoyz Entertainment. Also in 2012, Arcadia Books published "Spike Lee: The Eternal Maverick", a biography by Shell. Towards the end of 2012, Shell will start production on the film version of "Iced" and will publish "Twenty Two", a new novel. He also appears as Bill Devaney in the newly created West End musical "The Bodyguard", based on the movie of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="18584094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584094" title="Fortigent">
Fortigent

Fortigent, LLC began in 1994 when Jamie McIntyre and Steve Lockshin collaborated to create CMS Financial Services, a Wealth Management, Consulting and Performance Reporting firm based in Rockville, Maryland. CMS Financial Solutions focused on implementing absolute return and hedge fund strategies as a means of diversifying portfolios, and quickly became one of the largest independent consultants in equity risk management. Continuing with this unique approach to Wealth Management, Performance Reporting and Consulting - CMS continued to grow and evolve, and by 1999 assets under management exceeded $1 billion. CMS Financial Services’ Portfolio Accounting and Performance Reporting quickly became an industry leader, and in 1995 CMS created a partnership with Arthur Andersen to provide these services to their clients nationwide.
In 2001, CMS Financial Services was acquired by Convergent Wealth Advisors, formerly known as Lydian Trust Company. After the acquisition, CMS Financial Services changed its name to Lydian Advisor Solutions, but retained the same services and business platform. The Fortigent platform continued to evolve and expand under Lydian Trust Company, and in 2005 Fortigent spun off from Lydian Trust Company and was formally introduced as an outsourced wealth management solution to Independent Advisors, Advisory Firms and Financial Institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="18584100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584100" title="Triumph of Love (film)">
Triumph of Love (film)

Triumph of Love () is a 1938 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Paola Barbara.

</doc>
<doc id="18584125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584125" title="Khristian Minkovski">
Khristian Minkovski

Khristian Petkov Minkovski () (born October 24, 1971 in Sofia) is a retired butterfly swimmer from Bulgaria. He was a member of the Bulgarian National Swimming Team (four men and one woman) at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. He didn't reach the finals in the men's 100 m butterfly (45th place) and the men's 200 m butterfly (35th place).

</doc>
<doc id="18584137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584137" title="Triumph of Love (disambiguation)">
Triumph of Love (disambiguation)

Triumph of Love can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18584138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584138" title="Instrumentation Laboratory">
Instrumentation Laboratory

Instrumentation Laboratory may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18584146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584146" title="Vigyan Parishad">
Vigyan Parishad

The Vigyan Parishad is an apex body for science popularization under the Department of Science and Technology of the Government of India.

</doc>
<doc id="18584151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584151" title="Eduard Riedel">
Eduard Riedel

Eduard Riedel (1813–1885) was a German architect and Bavarian government building officer. Among other things he is known for his contribution to the construction of Neuschwanstein Castle.
Biography.
Riedel was born on 1 February 1813 in Bayreuth. He began to study architecture in Bayreuth and graduated in Munich, the Bavarian capital, in 1834.
Riedel's first project was the supervision of the new development of the Ludwigstraße Damenstift (convent) in Munich. This was followed by the residence and palace garden for King Otto of Greece in Athens, where he was court architect until he returned to Munich in 1850. Here he completed the Propylaea jointly with Leo von Klenze.
From 1852 till 1857, Riedel was professor at the polytechnic institute.
In 1853 he was appointed superintendent of the royal building authorities and in 1872 he became the leading court architect.
His works include the Wolfram von Eschenbach Monument in Wolframs-Eschenbach,
numerous fountains in the garden of Schleissheim Palace, the Beamtenreliktanstalt and Bavarian National Museum in Munich, as well as numerous drafts and concepts such as for the Cistercian monastery in Mehringen, a new university and a coin.
He was also responsible for the restoration of numerous palaces.
Riedel died on 24 August 1885 in Starnberg.

</doc>
<doc id="18584161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584161" title="Neath Castle">
Neath Castle

Neath Castle is a Norman castle located in the town centre of Neath, Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="18584192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584192" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Balasore">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Balasore

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Balasore () is a diocese located in the city of Balasore in the Ecclesiastical province of Cuttack–Bhubaneswar in India.
On Monday, December 9, 2013, Pope Francis accepted the resignation from the pastoral governance of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Balasore, presented by Bishop Thomas Thiruthalil, CM, in accordance with Canon 401.1 of the Latin rite Code of Canon Law. Pope Francis appointed as Bishop-elect of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Balasore, the Reverend Father Simon Kaipuram, C.M., who until then had been serving as Dean and Professor of Aquinas College of Gopalpur, India, in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Berhampur (based in Berhampur, India). 

</doc>
<doc id="18584193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584193" title="Ovophis okinavensis">
Ovophis okinavensis

Ovophis okinavensis is a venomous pitviper species found in the Ryukyu Islands of Japan. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Description.
Adults are usually 30 to 80 cm (11¾-31½ inches) long. Body usually pale greenish-brown, or yellowish-olive (sometimes pale brown), with alternating, darker brownish or greenish dorsal blotches, each bordered with yellowish scales. Head large, triangular, distinct from neck, narrow dark postocular stripe.
Scalation includes: 23 or 21 rows of dorsal scales at midbody; 125-135 ventral scales; 36-55 paired subcaudal scales; and 8 (sometimes 7 or 9) supralabial scales.
The color pattern consists of a gray ground color overlaid with a series of dark gray of grayish-black crossbands. A ventrolateral pattern of black spots against a gray-white background is also present.
Common names.
, Okinawa pitviper, Okinawa habu (This name usually refers to Hon habu or simply Habu:Trimeresurus flavoviridis), kufah. This snake is sometimes referred to as by Okinawan people. Mamushi (only in Amami dialect. Mamushi is common name for Gloydius blomhoffii).
Geographic range.
Found in the Ryukyu Islands of Japan, including Okinawa and the Amami Islands. The type locality given is "Okinawa."
Habitat.
Occurs in various habitats, including open woodland, forests, mountains, fields, in farming areas with nearby streams, ponds, and other water sources. It can also be found in human habitations
Feeding.
Hunts for rodents and other vertebrates in open areas, especially in sugar cane fields and, sometimes near human habitations.
Reproduction.
Both oviparous and ovoviviparous. Depending on environmental condition, females will either deposit their eggs, or retain them to incubate internally and give birth later to live young.
Venom.
The venom of "Ovophis okinavensis", like that of most vipers, is mainly hemotoxin with Cytotoxicity factors. People are bitten when they step on this sluggish snake at night, or when tending crops by day. Although venom from this snake is not life-threatening usually, people still should seek medical attention promptly if they are bitten. Because of its relatively weak venom, antivenom is not produced.

</doc>
<doc id="18584194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584194" title="Change detection (GIS)">
Change detection (GIS)

Change detection for GIS (geographical information systems) is a process that measures how the attributes of a particular area have changed between two or more time periods. Change detection often involves comparing aerial photographs or satellite imagery of the area taken at different times. Change detection has been widely used to assess shifting 
cultivation, deforestation, urban growth, impact of natural disasters like Tsunamis, earthquakes and use/land 
cover changes etc..

</doc>
<doc id="18584217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584217" title="Kamenschik">
Kamenschik

The Kemenschiks or Bukhtarman are a group of Russians who descend from the earliest settlers of Siberia. They are Old Believers and originally lived along the Kerzhenets River in Nizhegrodskaya. Most of them were stonemason. They latter moved to the banks of the Bukhtarma River.
Sources.
Wixman, Ronald. "The Peoples of the USSR", (Armonk: Sharpe, 1984) p. 32

</doc>
<doc id="18584219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584219" title="Denislav Kalchev">
Denislav Kalchev

Denislav Kharalamiev Kalchev () (born 1 July 1973 in Silistra) is a retired butterfly and medley swimmer from Bulgaria. He was a member of the Bulgarian National Swimming Team (four men and one woman) at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, where he didn't reach the finals in his three individual starts. He also competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="18584231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584231" title="Balanta people">
Balanta people

The Balanta (same spelling in Guinea-Bissau Creole and Portuguese, "balante" in French transliteration), meaning literally “those who resist”, are an ethnic group found in Guinea-Bissau, Senegal, and the Gambia. They are the largest ethnic group of Guinea-Bissau, representing more than one-quarter of the population. Despite their numbers, they have remained outside the colonial and postcolonial state because of their social organization. The Balanta can be divided into four subgroups, (three of which are Balanta Kentohe, Balanta Ganja, and Balanta Brassa) the largest of which are the Balanta Brassa. 
Archaeologists believe that the people who became the Balanta migrated to present-day Guinea-Bissau in small groups between the tenth and fourteenth centuries C.E. During the nineteenth century, they spread throughout the area that is now Guinea-Bissau and southern Senegal in order to resist the expansion of the Kaabu kingdom. Today, the Balanta are mostly found in the southern and central regions of Guinea-Bissau.
Culture.
All important decisions amongst the Balanta are taken by a Council of Elders. To become a member of the Council of Elders, the person has to be initiated during the Fanado ceremony. In general, egalitarianism prevails amongst the Balanta. Consequently, the Portuguese colonialists found it difficult to govern them. In the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, Portugal mounted pacification campaigns against the resistant Balanta and subjected them to appointed Fulbe chiefs. Because of the Portuguese repression, the Balanta enlisted as soldiers in great numbers and were principal supporters of the PAIGC in the nationalist struggle for liberation during the 1960s and 1970s. Many Balanta resented their exclusion from the government; their prominence in the military spurred a series of Balanta-led coup attempts in the 1980s.
Religion.
The Balanta practice indigenous, spiritual customs and rites. In the Balanta society, God is believed to be far away, and communication with the Almighty is established through their spiritual practices and traditions. Although Catholicism has been partially accepted, Islam is strong and practiced along with their unique spirit worship.
Music.
The Balanta play a gourd lute instrument called a kusunde. On the kusunde instrument, the short string is at the bottom rather than at the top, the top string was of middle length and the middle string is the longest although it was capoed by the middle length string and its open sounding length is therefore the same as that string. The tones produced by the instrument are in all: top string open F#, top string stopped G#, middle string open C#, middle string stopped D#, bottom drone string A#/B. The Balanta kusunde is similar to the Jola akonting.
Marriage.
In "People Like Me 2002: Face to Face!", the Sunugal Ballet presented the Balanta wedding dance from the village of Mini-Ndame. In this village, when the prince comes of age to marry, the kingdom has a big party, to which every family brings their daughters. The young women compete with their beauty and their virtuosic dancing for the hand of the prince. The prince then chooses his bride, and a celebration ensues. To prove his courage to his future wife, a Balanta man must steal a cow. The masks that are used in this dance include a large spirit mask laden with cowry shells, an old woman mask, a young girl mask, and a young man mask. As symbols of family and spiritual connection, the masks play an important role when the community comes together to celebrate with music and dance.
Farming.
The Balanta are fishermen, herders, and cultivators. They grow millet, rice, peanuts, cashews, and fruit for a cash crop. Their specialty is the culture of cashew which they derive from the apple wine cashew called Cadjou. The export to India of cashew nuts also provides an important economic force in the Balanta villages. Raising cattle is also a traditional activity predominant as the sacrifice of the cattle is import in all stages of life (initiation, marriage, death, etc.) The back of Guinea-Bissau’s 50-peso note (No. 1) shows two farmers wielding an agricultural tool that is called a kebinde in the Balanta language (also called an arade in Guinean Creole). These tools are used by the Balanta, Jola and Papel peoples to prepare the soil for planting crops – usually rice. Use of the kebinde is an art that has been perfected over many years by the Balanta people who deservedly hold a reputation as expert farmers. Along with intricate irrigation systems that mix salt and fresh water, they manage to maintain the nutrients in the soil and achieve excellent yields. After the harvest, the Balanta people have a celebration called the Kussundé, where non-initiated men compete in dances.
Rites of passage.
The Balanta have initiation rites at various states of the individual’s life. Each phase of life, from childhood to adulthood, is regulated by an initiation that marks the entrance into a new social category. From early childhood up to age 15, the child belongs to the category of Nwatch. Around age 18 to 20 the individual enters the Fuur and then enters the Nghaye around age 25. Around age 30, according to the rites of Kgness a man will be authorized to take a woman. 
After the young Balanta man has become a landowner and taken on family responsibilities, he can then be chosen by his maternal uncle to participate in the Fanado initiation. Once chosen for the Fanado, a Balanta man cannot refuse the family’s wishes. The Fanado initiation ceremony takes place once every four years. The Fanado is a two-month process in the “sacred woods” which is the ultimate phase of initiation rites and social hierarchy. Initiation during the Fanado ritual opens the doors of maturity and wisdom in the Balanta community. Depicted on the back of the 50-peso note (No. 1) is a man in the costume worn by young Balanta men during the “Fanado” or male circumcision ceremony. Part of the costume is a tortoise shell that is hollowed out and worn on the back. 
The first day of the Fanado ceremony is a general festival for the entire village during which people eat, drink and dance. The initiates are presented to the village by their maternal uncles and greeted by the village. After the presentation and greeting, the initiates are brought in the middle of a tropical forest to a place completely secret called the “sacred woods.” In the “sacred woods” the initiates are circumcised by the “master”, a sort of magical figure-pedagogical. After the first few days of circumcision, the initiates must build a kind of hut that will serve as their home-base for the next two months. During these two months, the initiates only have contact with their uncles and the “master”. The initiates undergo test of endurance and learn to be men. What is imparted to the initiates during the Fanado not only concerns their entire culture, but also how to behave with others, how to manage the family, and how to live as adults and men therefore wise. The tests and trials are hard to the point where some people face physical suffering, mutilation, and/or do not survive. 
Once completed, the initiate is a mature man, capable of taking care of other people in the tribe. After two months in the “sacred woods,” the initiate (if survived) is ready to return to his family as a new man. Nothing remains of the place where the rite was held, everything is burnt and jealously guarded in secret by those who took part. Mothers learn of the fate of their children only on arrival to the village of the “new” men. The most valiant initiates that do survive emerge from the “sacred woods” to songs of their bravery by family and friends. The initiate then wears a bright red hat to show that he has become Lante Ndang (brave and wise), and the following day he will be allowed to serve on the council of elders who manages village life. The ex-president of Guinea-Bissau Kumba Yalla is a member of the Balanta people and was often seen wearing a red hat as a sign that he had completed the Fanado initiation.

</doc>
<doc id="18584237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584237" title="Tejutepeque">
Tejutepeque

Tejutepeque is a municipality in the Cabañas department of El Salvador located in the northeast, with population 20,000 of people. 

</doc>
<doc id="18584239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584239" title="Orsa Lia">
Orsa Lia

Orsa Lia, born in Virginia, is a female singer. She recorded some jingles for television commercials in the 1970s before signing on with an upstart record label, Infinity Records, in the late 1970s.
She is best known for the song, "I Never Said I Love You", which was written and produced by Hal David and Archie Jordan. David had been a longtime collaborator with Burt Bacharach on many well-known songs, most notably for singer Dionne Warwick. Country singer Barbara Mandrell recorded "I Never Said I Love You" on her 1976 lp "Midnight Angel". Although "I Never Said I Love You" only reached number 84 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 pop singles chart in April 1979, the song did spend one week at number one on the "Billboard" Adult Contemporary chart that same month. It was Lia's only song to reach the music charts in the United States.
Later in 1979, Lia recorded a duet with singer Dobie Gray, who was also signed to Infinity Records. However, by this time the label was in dire financial straits, and it wound up folding and becoming a part of its parent company, MCA Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18584249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584249" title="Shagriar">
Shagriar

Shagriar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18584254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584254" title="St. Richard's Episcopal School">
St. Richard's Episcopal School

St. Richard's Episcopal School is a private, Episcopal day school located in Indianapolis, Indiana. It serves urban Indianapolis and the greater Indianapolis metropolitan area as a school for children from pre-kindergarten to eighth grade. It is the only Episcopal elementary day school in the state. 
History.
St. Richard's School was founded in 1960 by the Rev. G. Ernest Lynch, rector of Trinity Episcopal Church. He envisioned a unique elementary school linked with the church that would stress academic excellence and traditional values, but also diversity of its student body. According to the school's web page, "St. Richard’s School was the first private school in Indianapolis to open its doors to all races, creeds, and nationalities." The school's namesake comes from St. Richard of Wych, Bishop of Chichester from the 13th Century. The official school song's lyrics come from St. Richard's famous prayer, "Day by Day". Its mission is "We foster knowledge and values for a lifetime through the implementation of our Five Pillars for Success: Faith, Classical Curriculum, Leadership, Civic Responsibility, and Global Readiness."
The school was modeled after a British day school and originally employed only European teachers. From the beginning, students were required to wear uniforms - plaid jumpers for girls and ties and trousers for boys. Both sexes wore green blazers emblazoned with the school's crest.
Today.
As of 2010, St. Richard's has a student body of well over 300 students. The schools is divided into three sections: Early Childhood, the Lower School, and the Middle School. St. Richard's continues to enroll students of diverse heritage and religion. Only 20% of students are Episcopalian and 27% are of racial or cultural minorities. Of all Indianapolis private schools, St. Richard's has arguably the best academic program in the city and is known for its advanced curriculum. Students take French from Kindergarten until eighth grade. Spanish is also offered from sixth grade on and Latin is mandatory for sixth, seventh, and eighth grade. Along with core subjects such as math, science, history/social studies, English, and foreign language, students also attend multiple art, music, and physical education classes a week. Grades 1 through 8 wear the traditional uniforms. In carrying out Rev. Lynch's wish for a school connected to the church, the Lower School has a chapel service daily and the Middle School once a week. 
St. Richard's mascot is the dragon. There are many sports with no-cut policies. The school has varsity teams for tennis, girls' volleyball, girls and boys basketball, track and field, and soccer in which the Dragons have had tremendous success in winning the IISL from 2006-2009. Intramural sports are offered for the Lower School. 
In 2010, St. Richard's School celebrated its 50th anniversary, and the school decided to change its name to St. Richard's Episcopal School.
Five Pillars of success.
St. Richard's values are emphasized in "Five Pillars," established to define the school's mission. The pillars are Faith, Classical Curriculum, Leadership, Civic Responsibility, and Global Readiness.

</doc>
<doc id="18584270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584270" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Berhampur">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Berhampur

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Berhampur () is a diocese located in the city of Berhampur in the Ecclesiastical province of Cuttack-Bhubaneswar in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18584282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584282" title="Julio Rodolfo Alsogaray">
Julio Rodolfo Alsogaray

Julio Alsogaray (1918 – 1994) was an Argentine Army general.
Biography.
Julio Alsogaray was born in Esperanza, Santa Fe to Julia Elena Bosch and Álvaro Enrique Alsogaray, in 1918. Alsogaray's great-grandfather had a role as Admiral Guillermo Brown's adjutant in the 1845 Battle of Vuelta de Obligado, which established Argentine control over the lower Paraná River, and both his father and grandfather had been colonels in the Argentine Army. 
He was direct involved in the Laguna del Desierto incident.
Appointed Commander of the 1st Army Corps in January 1966, Alsogaray planned a coup d'état against the democratically-elected President Arturo Illia; Illia was a moderate figure who had incurred opposition from conservative groups by refusing to annul Peronist victories in the 1965 mid-term elections (their exiled populist leader, Juan Perón, himself welcomed the prospect of a coup, and of a possible political deal). 
Alsogaray supported the recently-removed Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, General Juan Carlos Onganía, as Illia's successor; the two generals were allies and had been leading members of the moderate ("Blue") faction of the Argentine military during their dispute with the hard-line ("Red") faction that marred events in 1962 and 1963. Alsogaray managed military contacts with leading civilians amenable to a coup, and enjoyed the support of Onganía's replacement, General Pascual Pistarini, as well as the friendship of the Chief of Army Intelligence, General Mario Fonseca. Leading discussions on the structure of the future government, he put forth a blueprint prepared by his influential older brother, Álvaro Alsogaray, supporting the dissolution of democratic institutions, the enhancement of the judiciary as the guarantor of rights, and a more free market-oriented economic policy. A key proposal was the creation of the post of Prime Minister, who would be given wide purview over policy, and to which the Alsogaray brothers intended that Álvaro be appointed by Onganía.
The coup itself, which took place on the morning of June 28, 1966, was led militarily by Pistarini, who encountered little resistance. General Alsogaray, however, personally approached President Illia at his Casa Rosada office to deliver the order to resign, informing Illia that:
"As a representative of the Armed Forces, I have come to request that you leave this office."
(Illia): "You do not represent the Armed Forces, rather an insurrection. You and those with you are highwaymen who, like bandits, appear in the early morning hours." 
"I invite you to leave. Do not force me to use violence."
"Of what violence do you speak? The violence is the one you've just unleashed. The nation shall always recriminate you for this usurpation." 
Following the coup, Onganía, who had obtained Pistarini's pledge to leave himself and any other active-duty General out of the new government, nixed Álvaro Alsogaray's proposal for creating a (powerful) Prime Minister's post, denying him even the post of Minister of Economy of Argentina he had twice previously held. He did, however, name Julio Alsogaray, to whose planning he largely owed the coup's success, to succeed Pistarini as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs in December. Differences had developed by May 1968, however, between Alsogaray and the President, who resisted his input, and whose efforts to control the CGT labor union (by way of fostering a corporativist model) were anathema to Alsogaray's neoliberal ideology. Disputes also arose with the Internal Affairs Minister, Dr. Guillermo Borda (who opposed any return to democratic rule), and with Alsogaray's successor as head of the important Campo de Mayo base, Major General Cándido López (who favored an early call for elections). Fearing a coup, Onganía decided it was best to "refresh" the three forces' leadership every two years, and informed Alsogaray of his retirement on August 20; rather than wait until the scheduled, October 4 transition, he stepped down as Joint Chiefs Commander on August 26.
His replacement, the 3rd Army Corps Commander, General Alejandro Lanusse, himself removed Onganía in 1970. Amid a wave of political violence (Onganía removal was triggered by the execution of a former President, General Pedro Aramburu), a group belonging to the far-left ERP unsuccessfully attempted to kidnap Alsogaray on August 18, 1971. His own son, Juan Carlos, joined the Montoneros guerrilla organization, and took part in attacks on the Army in the hills of Tucumán Province as a commander during the mid-1970s. The younger Alsogaray was apprehended in February 1976 by counterinsurgency forces led by the Operativo Independencia Commander, General Antonio Domingo Bussi, and was executed. 
Alsogaray maintained a low profile in subsequent years. In early 1983 Alsogaray visited a dying Arturo Illia in a hospital in Córdoba to apologize for the coup d'état, which he had grown to regret throughout the years. Illia accepted his apology and died a few days afterwards. Alsogaray died over a decade later, in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18584283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584283" title="Dana Goldman">
Dana Goldman

Dana Paul Goldman is the Leonard D. Schaeffer Chair and director of the University of Southern California Leonard D. Schaeffer Center for Health Policy and Economics and Professor of Public Policy, Pharmacy, and Economics at the USC Sol Price School of Public Policy and USC School of Pharmacy. He is also an adjunct professor of health services and radiology at UCLA, and a managing director and founding partner, along with Darius Lakdawalla and Tomas J. Philipson, at Precision Health Economics, a health care consulting firm. Previously held positions include the director of the Bing Center for Health Economics, RAND Royal Center for Health Policy Simulation, and UCLA/RAND Health Services Research Postdoctoral Training Program.
Dr. Goldman's professional interests include the innovation of health technology, the future of America's elderly population, the design of insurance, and disparities in health outcomes. More recently, his work has focused on medical innovation and regulation, comparative effectiveness and outcomes research, and patient-reported outcomes in emerging markets
Dr. Goldman is also the founding co-editor of the Forum for Health Economics and Policy and has been on the editorial board of Health Affairs, B.E. Journals of Economic Analysis and Policy, and the RAND Journal of Economics, among others. He is a health policy advisor to the Congressional Budget Office and, in 2009, was elected a member of the Institute of Medicine. He is also the 2009 recipient of the Eugene Garfield Economic Impact Prize, in recognition of his outstanding research on how medical research impacts the economy.
He received his B.A. "summa cum laude" from Cornell University and a Ph.D. in Economics from Stanford University.
Dr. Goldman’s 1997 article, "Redistributional Consequences of Community Rating" discusses a study done in California where health insurance premiums were based on community ratings. The Patient Protection and Accountable Care Act (PPACA) has been passed through Congress and implementation has commenced in the U.S. healthcare system. Community rating systems will be the basis for health care premiums in the future exchange system.  These ratings, pool people in to demographic groups and charge all members a constant rate. The goal of this system is to prevent medical underwriting and decrease the inequities that occur for clients with higher risks of increased medical utilization present in a risk adjusted system. Goldman et al. conducted a study in California that trialed such clusters of insured clients by pooling at the state level, regional level, and metropolitan level.  Results from California’s experiment with such a system conclude that the larger the areas pooled, the greater the transfer of costs. 
Another challenge to community based rating systems is that lower income neighborhoods with lower healthcare utilization subsidize the healthcare cost of higher income communities that tend to have higher healthcare expenditures.  
The health exchange system will not be the only place where community rating systems are utilized.  Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) (CMS) plans to initiate a modified rating system starting in January 2014, this may lead other insurance companies following suit. 
Due to the results of the California experiment and the widespread use of community based rating systems being initiated, it is imperative that some kind of subsidies be used for low income families. Otherwise, these families may be more likely to avoid insurance due to higher premium costs. This result would be counter intuitive to the goals of implementing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act in the U.S. healthcare system.
Use of drugs for chronic illness when co-payments are doubled.
Data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) revealed that chronic illness affected 133 million people in the United States and accounted for seven out of ten deaths. In relationship to these numbers, the American Society of Health System Pharmacists say Americans spent $307.5 billion on pharmaceuticals in 2010.
Research by Goldman, Joyce, Escarce, Pace, Soloman, Laouri, Landsman, and Teutsch (2001) studied the purchasing behavior of drugs used to treat eight chronic illnesses: diabetes, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, asthma, depression, allergies, arthritis, and stomach ulcers. This retrospective study presents a strong correlation between co-payment levels and medication use for these chronic illnesses. The study illustrated the change in consumption behaviors based on plan generosity and structure such as coinsurance rates and mandatory generic substitution.
The study by Goldman et al. (2001) predicts there would be a significant decrease in medication utilization in all of the chronic disease categories examined when co-payments were doubled. However, of note, the researchers discovered that patients respond discriminatorily to changes in co-payment and are less likely to reduce consumption of disease specific medications and will reduce pharmacy spending in other medications.
Goldman, et al. (2001) exposed the largest decrease in drug spending when co-payments were doubled were in medications to treat arthritis and allergies.
The study revealed that patients with diabetes decreased their purchase of diabetes drugs the most compared to the other chronic illnesses examined when their co-payments doubled.
The research by Goldman et al. (2001) reveals two points that could inform public policy related to pharmaceutical expenditures. One, consumption of over-the-counter drugs to treat allergies and arthritis are highly influenced by out of pocket spending. Two, diabetes patients may choose lifestyle behavior changes when faced with higher drug costs.
Before changing payment structures, more research will be needed to examine adverse health consequences in the chronically ill if pharmaceutical interventions are limited by increasing out of pocket expenses. For instance, emergency department utilization could rise in response to these changes.
The results of the study by Goldman et al. (2001) could inform public policy on ways to decrease excess drug usage when the benefits are less than the cost of the drug.

</doc>
<doc id="18584321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584321" title="The New York Times Non-Fiction Best Sellers of 2001">
The New York Times Non-Fiction Best Sellers of 2001

This is a list of adult non-fiction books that topped "The New York Times" Non-Fiction Best Seller list in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18584347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584347" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Rourkela">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Rourkela

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Rourkela () is a diocese located in the city of Rourkela in the Ecclesiastical province of Cuttack-Bhubaneswar in India.
History.
The new diocese of Rourkela is bounded on the north by Archdiocese of Ranchi and on the South by the diocese of Sambalpur to the west and the north-west lies the diocese of Raigarh, while the diocese of Jamshedpur and Balasore lie to the east and South-East.
Jesuit Missionaries began evangelization of this part of the Chotanagpur Mission, Fr Constant Livens (1856 - 1893) being the most prominent among them. After the Second World War, the Jesuits faced two major problems - personnel and finance. They, therefore, requested the Divine Word Missionaries (SVD) who had been working in the neighbouring states of Central India since 1932, to take up the Gangpur Mission in Northern Orissa. The SVDs set their feet in this mission land in 1948. The Late Bishop Herman Westermann, SVD, who had several years of experience in Central India, was ordained the first Bishop of Sambalpur in 1951. During his tenure as well as that of Bishop Raphael Cheenath, SVD (1974 - 1979), mission work in this ecclesiastical territory progressed in leaps and bounds.
Rt. Rev. Alphonse Billung, S.V.D. was appointed the first Bishop of Rourkela on November 3, 1979. Today the Diocese of Rourkela owes a lot to the relentless zeal and indefatigable labour of these eminent personalities, and their co - Missionaries - Priests, Brothers, Sisters, Lay people, generous benefactors and all well-wishers.
Parishes.
There are 41 parishes in the Diocese of Rourkela.

</doc>
<doc id="18584356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584356" title="Make Up My Heart">
Make Up My Heart

Make Up My Heart is the power ballad from Andrew Lloyd Webber's Starlight Express. It is performed by Pearl.
During the song, she is deciding between the two she has fallen in love with. Electra "is strong" and "has style", whilst Rusty "is good" and "makes me smile".
The song commences during act 1, and was added into the show first for broadway, before being added into the re-written London production. As far as the structure goes it replaced Pearl's other number 'He Whistled At Me', which was moved to another point in the show. It also replaced her previous power ballad 'Only He', which occurred before the duet; Only You.
The German equivalent is 'Hilf Mir Verstehn', which means 'Help Me Understand'. The Spanish equivalent is 'No Resiste Mi Corazón', meaning 'My Heart Does Not Resist'.
Music and Lyrics.
The music is by Andrew Lloyd Webber and lyrics are the work of Richard Stilgoe.
The song is in E flat major in most productions, with the exception of Broadway, where it was in F major.
The English language lyrics always start with;
The German version being far from a translation;
References.
Starlight Express

</doc>
<doc id="18584357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584357" title="The Orphaned Anything's">
The Orphaned Anything's

"The Orphaned Anything's" is a 2008 memoir by American musician/writer Stephen Christian. It tells the story of a "lesser known" named Ayden Kosacov's sudden realization that "There's more to living than being alive."
Synopsis.
An “I'm up, what more do you want from me?” sticker hideously controls the back of Ayden Kosacov’s bedroom door. In his mind what started as a joke is slowly becoming his "glorious and underrated mantra".
Ayden Kosacov is alive, and that is about all you can say. In the throes of a mundane and jejune life Ayden is slowly coming to the realization that if all his world is a stage then he wouldn’t care if he did or did not miss the final scenes. Through an almost "accidental" suicide attempt and the recovery that soon follows, Ayden learns that there is more to living than just being alive. Finding his way through diverse experiences and people he comes to terms with God, his family, and finally himself.
The "Orphaned Anything's" style of writing is in the likes of Denis Johnson ("Jesus' Son") and Dave Eggers ("A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius") and yet designed to give life lessons, encouragement, and hope like books by Paulo Coelho ("The Alchemist") and Donald Miller ("Blue Like Jazz").
Soundtrack.
Stephen Christian released the official soundtrack for the book on its MySpace page in a blog on March 7, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18584378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584378" title="Museum L-A">
Museum L-A

The full name of Museum L-A is the Museum L-A: The Story of Work and Community in Lewiston-Auburn. Located in Lewiston, Maine, USA, the museum focuses on the local history of the Industrial Revolution and the contributions and cultural heritage of its workers in the Lewiston-Auburn area. The museum is located in the historic Bates Mill, where visitors can walk through a simulated production line and view exhibits covering the textile, shoe, and brick industries that once thrived in these cities along the Androscoggin River. Other exhibits focus on the millworkers' ethnic heritage, including Canada, Ireland, Russia, and Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="18584389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584389" title="Lisa Stewart">
Lisa Stewart

Lisa Stewart (born August 6, 1968) is an American country music artist, actress, television host and voice actor. In 1993, she signed to BNA Records (then known as BNA Entertainment), releasing her self-titled debut album that year. This album produced two singles for her on the "Billboard" country charts. Stewart is also the wife of Brady Seals, who is lead vocalist of the band Hot Apple Pie and was previously a member of Little Texas.
Biography.
Stewart was born August 6, 1968, in Louisville, Mississippi. She first sang in public at age six in her church. Five years later, she attended a Tent Show at the Nashville Fan Fair, where she gave her first country performance. By 1987, Stewart had moved to Nashville, Tennessee, where she won the Roy Acuff scholarship at Belmont University and found work as a studio singer.
While performing at a wedding reception in 1991, Stewart was noticed by Mark Thompson, Wynonna Judd's bandleader, who asked Stewart to sing demos for him. After recording the demos, Stewart signed to a recording contract with BNA Entertainment (now known as BNA Records), releasing her debut single "Somebody's in Love" in late 1992. This song was the first of three singles from her self-titled debut album, followed by "Under the Light of the Texaco" (which failed to chart) and "Drive Time". Also included on the album was a cover of Jeannie Seely's 1966 single "Don't Touch Me".
In addition to promoting her album on radio tours, Stewart hosted the nationally syncdicated Entertainment News show "#1 Country". She also made appearances on The Nashville Network, hosting their programs "Yesteryear" and "This Week in Country Music". She continued to tour throughout the 1990s, although she eventually parted from BNA. She also made an appearance in the 2001 film "Jericho", as well as a cameo appearance in the music video for Billy Gilman's 2001 single "Oklahoma".
Stewart also co-wrote "Sky Full of Angels", recorded by Reba McEntire. 
Stewart married former Little Texas vocalist Brady Seals in 2002, shortly before Seals founded another band called Hot Apple Pie. The couple has a son, born September 15, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18584404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584404" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Sambalpur">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Sambalpur

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sambalpur () is a diocese located in the city of Sambalpur in the Ecclesiastical province of Cuttack-Bhubaneswar in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18584409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584409" title="Mariya Kocheva">
Mariya Kocheva

Mariya Zdravkova Kocheva () (born November 26, 1974 in Silistra) is a retired backstroke swimmer from Bulgaria. She was the only female member of the Bulgarian National Swimming Team (four men and one woman) at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, where she didn't qualify for the finals in the women's 100 m backstroke (37th place) and the women's 200 m backstroke (36th place).

</doc>
<doc id="18584411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584411" title="Tony Buffery">
Tony Buffery

Tony Buffery (Anthony Walter Harold Buffery) is a British actor, comedian, and writer – apart from having a career in academic psychology. 
Career.
Buffery got his start in the Cambridge Footlights, but his place in the London Footlights Revue was taken over by Graham Chapman (later of Monty Python) when Buffery chose an academic career over one in entertainment.
I do remember that in one year – probably 1967 – ] did a two-man show with Tony Buffery... who had been part of the 1963 Footlights show "Cambridge Circus" which featured John Cleese, Tim Brooke-Taylor, Bill Oddie, and David Hatch, but who as a committed graduate student had not gone with it on its professional tour to the West End and elsewhere. He was – probably still is – an astonishingly funny man not least physically, and I know that Clive always admired him no end.
"— Pete Atkin, 03 Sep 2006"
As a member of the Footlights, Buffery contributed to the writing, music, and/or performance of many of the troupe's productions in the 1960s, including:
Buffery also appeared in the 1967 Comedy series "Twice a Fortnight" along with Terry Jones, Michael Palin, Graeme Garden, Bill Oddie, and Jonathan Lynn.

</doc>
<doc id="18584418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584418" title="Center for the Study of Law and Religion">
Center for the Study of Law and Religion

The Center for the Study of Law and Religion at Emory University School of Law in Atlanta, Georgia is dedicated to studying the religious dimensions of law, the legal dimensions of religion, and the interaction of legal and religious ideas and institutions, norms and practices. This study is predicated on the assumptions that religion gives law its spirit and inspires its adherence to ritual and justice. Law gives religion its structure and encourages its devotion to order and organization. Frank S. Alexander is the founding director and John Witte, Jr., is the director of the Center.
History.
Emory University founded a program in law and religion in 1982 as part of its mission to build an interdisciplinary university and to increase understanding of the fundamental role religion has played in shaping law, politics, and society. Over the last three decades, the program has developed into the Center for the Study of Law and Religion, offering six degree programs, pursuing multi-year research projects, producing more than 300 books, and hosting major international conferences and distinguished lecture series. Back in 1982, no major law school in America was devoting serious scholarship or teaching to the field of law and religion. In fact, Emory’s vision of bringing religion into the study of law and other professional disciplines met with suspicion, even fear and hostility, from other academic institutions.
The founders of the law and religion program, Emory President James T. Laney and Emory Law Professor Frank S. Alexander, believed that the need for focused scholarship and teaching in this vital field of inquiry was paramount. Where else could students and scholars learn the fundamentals of church and state, religion and politics, faith and order? Where could they come to understand the inner workings of Jewish, Christian, and Islamic laws, and their respective places in the modern nation-state and global order? How could they explore the essential religious foundations and dimensions of law, politics, and society, in the West and beyond?
The burden of proof was on the program’s founders and faculty to demonstrate that law and religion was a legitimate area of serious interdisciplinary scholarship—that it would enhance understanding of law, not dilute or detract from rigorous legal study; that it would widen the horizons of religious education, not proselytize a particular faith or propagate a fundamentalist agenda. 
CSLR is a major scholarly initiative on the Emory campus, involving more than 80 Emory faculty and reaching hundreds of students each year. Its work is interreligious in inspiration, with emphasis on the traditions of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. It is interdisciplinary in perspective, seeking to bring the wisdom of religious traditions into greater conversation with law, public policy, and the humane and social sciences. And, it is international in orientation, seeking to situate American debates over interdisciplinary issues of law and religion within an emerging global conversation.
CSLR focuses its research and teaching on the fundamentals of faith, freedom, and the family—the three things for which people will die. It has helped shaped the field of law and religion -- now emulated by dozens of other universities around the world.
The increasingly volatile relationship of law and religion in the past decade has only underscored the need for continued cultivation of this vital area of interdisciplinary inquiry. The rise of savage fundamentalisms, the clash of religious ideologies, the escalation of religious persecution, and the intensification of religious warfare around the world have made it all the more important for law and religion to learn to balance each other and to stabilize society and politics.
Role of Harold J. Berman.
In 1985, Laney convinced Harvard Law School’s Harold J. Berman (1918-2007) to join Emory as the first Robert W. Woodruff Professor of Law. Widely regarded around the world as the father of the modern study of law and religion, Berman’s presence brought instant legitimacy to Emory’s program. He also brought John Witte, Jr., a recent Harvard Law graduate and research assistant, who was quickly tapped to be the new director of Emory’s Law and Religion Program.
Opportunities Provided by the Center.
The Center provides many opportunities for study and scholarship, including 6 degree programs (JD/MDiv, JD/MTS, JD/PhD, LLM, SJD, JM),40 cross-listed courses, 9 major research projects; dozens of individual and side research projects, 4-8 annual public forums, 2 book series, 300 plus published volumes, Visiting scholars and fellows program, 90 Emory senior fellows and associated faculty from twenty fields of study, 1600 corresponding members.

</doc>
<doc id="18584420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584420" title="Bezhta people">
Bezhta people

The Bezhta (also Kapuchi) are an Andi–Dido people living in the Tsunta region in southwestern Dagestan. In the 1930s along with the rest of the Andi-Dido peoples they were classified as Avars. However, some people identified themselves as Bezhta in the 2002 census of Russia. They speak the Bezhta language, but many of them also speak Avar, Russian or other Tsezic languages of their region.
The Bezhta are primarily Sunni Muslims. They numbered 1,448 in 1926. According to the Russian census in 2002, there were 6184 self-identified "Bezhtins", though the real number is probably higher. 

</doc>
<doc id="18584426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584426" title="Data model (GIS)">
Data model (GIS)

A data model in geographic information systems is a mathematical construct for representing geographic objects or surfaces as data. For example, the vector data model represents geography as collections of points, lines, and polygons; the raster data model represent geography as cell matrices that store numeric values; and the TIN data model represents geography as sets of contiguous, nonoverlapping triangles.
Representing three-dimensional map information.
There are two approaches for representing three-dimensional map information, and for managing it in the data model. 
Vector-based stack-unit.
Vector-based stack-unit maps depict the vertical succession of geologic units to a specified depth (here, the base of the block diagram). This mapping approach characterizes the vertical variations of physical properties in each 3-D map unit. In this example, an alluvial deposit (unit “a”) overlies glacial till (unit “t”), and the stack-unit labeled “a/t” indicates that relationship, whereas the unit “t” indicates that glacial till extends down to the specified depth. In a manner similar to that shown in figure 11, the stack-unit’s occurrence (the map unit’s outcrop), geometry (the map unit’s boundaries), and descriptors (the physical properties of the geologic units included in the stack-unit) are managed as they are for a typical 2-D geologic map.
Raster-based stacked surfaces.
Raster-based stacked surfaces depict the surface of each buried geologic unit, and can accommodate data on lateral variations of physical properties. In this example from Soller and others (1999), the upper surface of each buried geologic unit was represented in raster format as an ArcInfo Grid file. The middle grid is the uppermost surface of an economically important aquifer, the Mahomet Sand, which fills a pre- and inter-glacial valley carved into the bedrock surface. Each geologic unit in raster format can be managed in the data model, in a manner not dissimilar from that shown for the stack-unit map. The Mahomet Sand is continuous in this area, and represents one occurrence of this unit in the data model. Each raster, or pixel, on the Mahomet Sand surface has a set of map coordinates that are recorded in a GIS (in the data model bin that is labeled “Pixel coordinates”, which is the raster corollary of the “Geometry” bin for vector map data). Each pixel can have a unique set of descriptive information, such as surface elevation, unit thickness, lithology, transmissivity, etc.).

</doc>
<doc id="18584431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584431" title="Marcus Goldhaber">
Marcus Goldhaber

Marcus Goldhaber (born September 13, 1978) is a New York-based jazz vocalist and band leader. His debut CD is "The Moment After", which was released in 2006. Goldhaber has performed at New York City venues like The Metropolitan Room, Iridium, The Cutting Room, The Friars Club, The Makor/Steinhardt Center, The Carnegie Club, and The Ritz Carlton. Goldhaber currently has three CD's out, including "The Moment After", "Take Me Anywhere", and "Almost Love", a collection of jazz standards and original material.
Musical Career / History.
Born and raised in Buffalo, New York, Goldhaber developed a passion for Jazz alongside a 1928 Ivers & Pond upright piano, on which his mother casually played countless standards each night after dinner. Goldhaber graduated later with a BFA in Musical Theatre from SUNY Fredonia. He then moved to New York City and worked as an actor (including musical theatre, daytime television, and commercial & character voice-over gigs), but eventually returned to singing the standards of Harold Arlen, Dorothy Fields, Jimmy McHugh and many other musicians he grew up listening to.
After gaining a reputation in the music world for his intimate approach to straight-ahead jazz, Goldhaber went on to record and release his debut album, "The Moment After", off of his independent record label Fallen Apple Records. Since its release, "The Moment After" has been recognized by the industry as a record that highlights simple melodies and a classic quartet sound. In 2007, Goldhaber began to work on original, more contemporary material, in addition to the traditional jazz standards for which he’s most known. In addition to his solo career, Goldhaber is also a band leader, providing musical entertainment for private, special, and corporate events, and facilitating arrangements from a trio on up to a 16-piece big band ensemble.
Goldhaber is currently performing in the off-Broadway revue, "The Wonderful Wizard of Song", a tribute to the music of Harold Arlen

</doc>
<doc id="18584434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584434" title="Nedzhirlu">
Nedzhirlu

Nedzhirlu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18584440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584440" title="Blue sky memo">
Blue sky memo

The Blue sky memo was a document authored by the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). The premise of the memo was to describe actions the CIA should undertake if it did not have to operate under legal, financial, and political restrictions (that is to say, if the "sky were blue"). 
The memorandum was inspired by the USS Cole bombing, and written in the final weeks of the Clinton administration. It was delivered to Richard A. Clarke on December 29, 2000.
According to the 9/11 Commission Report:
No action was taken on these ideas in the few remaining weeks of the Clinton administration. Security Adviser Sandy Berger did not recall seeing or being briefed on the Blue Sky memo. Nor was the memo discussed during the transition with incoming top Bush administration officials. Director George Tenet and his deputy told us they pressed these ideas as options after the new administration took office.

</doc>
<doc id="18584444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584444" title="Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 57 kg">
Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 57 kg

The Men's Freestyle 57 kg at the 1984 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Anaheim Convention Center, Anaheim, California.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18584451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584451" title="127 Squadron, Republic of Singapore Air Force">
127 Squadron, Republic of Singapore Air Force

The 127 Squadron is a helicopter squadron base at Sembawang Air Base (SBAB), Republic of Singapore Air Force, the squadron goes by the motto of ""Strength, Courage, Swiftness"", the motto is supported by the squadron motif, a white horse in full battle armour.
Unit History.
Formed at Sembawang Air Base in 1998, the 127 Squadron was set up to provide the RSAF with much needed help in the heavylift/support role of troop-lift and equipment transportation. And from time to time, the squadron's Chinooks are also used to augment 125 Sqn & 126 Sqn in Search & Rescue (SAR) operations.
One such incident happened on 18 December 2008 at 1612hrs (Singapore Standard Time), when a multi-role survey vessel of the Royal Navy—the , made a call for assistance to the RSAF's Air operation centre (AOC) requesting for emergency evacuation of an unconscious crew. As was then outside the normal operational range of 125 Sqn's SAR Super Pumas, LTC Vincent Chin of AOC decided to launch one of 127 Sqn's Chinook helicopter to undertake the task of long-range medical evacuation (Medevac). Within 45 minutes from the time of activation, the squadron's commanding officer—LTC Low Chung Guan along with co-pilot MAJ Andy Lim and Medical Officer CPT (Dr) Charles Goh was in the air. The unconscious casualty, Leading Rating (LH) Cleary, was subsequently airlifted to National University Hospital in Singapore for medical treatment, whereupon he made a full recovery. On 29 December 2008, while docked at Singapore, Commander Gary Brooks of commented that "if LH Cleary had not received medical attention for just another four to six hours, he might not have survived."; Commander Brooks then thanked the RSAF and 127 Sqn for their prompt response and professionalism demonstrated during this medical emergency.
Also, during Singapore's annual National Day Parade, the Chinooks of 127 Sqn takes on a different, but no less important role by flying the Singapore flag proudly over the parade venue since 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18584470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584470" title="Whistler Weasel Workers">
Whistler Weasel Workers

The Whistler Weasel Workers is a volunteer organization of alpine ski race workers that has been active in Whistler, British Columbia(BC), Canada since the 1970s. The Whistler Weasel Workers is a non-profit society dedicated to the advancement of alpine ski racing in British Columbia and Canada. The Weasel Worker's major activity is the preparation and maintenance of ski race courses and the support and organization of ski racing competitions.
The Weasel Workers have participated in the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics, in all World Cup, Canadian Championship and NorAm alpine ski races that have been held in Whistler BC. The Weasel Workers have also participated in international ski races at other locations, including the FIS Alpine World Championships in Sierra Nevada, Spain (1996), and in Bormio, Italy (2005), in World Cup alpine ski races in Lake Louise, AB (2000–present), and in Beaver Creek, CO (2006), as well as in the Winter Olympic Games in Calgary, AB (1988) and in Salt Lake, UT (2002). The Whistler Weasel Workers participated in the 2008 Whistler World Cup and they played a role in the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympic Games.
Alpine ski racing in Canada is largely dependent on volunteer workers who prepare a course for racing and then maintain the course during the event. This activity includes creating and maintaining a hard, smooth snow surface and installing and maintaining safety netting necessary to safeguard both the ski racers and spectators. Volunteers also organize and officiate most alpine ski races. Among officiating and other tasks requiring large numbers of volunteers are those of Gate Judging (confirms that competitors properly complete the course) and Course Security (restricts access to the race course).
In the 1970s, while watching a line of course workers walking, arm-in-arm, "boot-packing" the snow on a steep pitch on Whistler Mountain's Dave Murray track, an early race organizer was heard to say, "They're Weasel Workers", naming the group after the slope on which they were working. The name stuck and from that time, Whistler's volunteer ski race workers have been known as the "Weasel Workers".
Whereas the core membership is resident in the Lower Mainland region of BC (Vancouver and surroundings), and in Whistler, Squamish and Pemberton, BC, Weasel Workers reside throughout Canada, as well as in the USA, Australia, New Zealand, and many countries in Europe.
The Whistler Weasel Worker organization is sustained by strong camaraderie and a shared love of and dedication to alpine ski racing. The Weasels are enthusiastic supporters of the Canadian Alpine Ski Team. Many Weasels are or have been parents of ski racers competing at various levels, from local club and regional ski races to international World Cup races.

</doc>
<doc id="18584496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584496" title="From Nowhere – The Troggs">
From Nowhere – The Troggs

From Nowhere — The Troggs is a rock and roll album by English band The Troggs, released in 1966. It was released with an alternative track listing as "Wild Thing" in the United States.
The original "From Nowhere — The Troggs" album sleeve photo was taken at Cheddar Caves, Somerset, UK, on 22 May 1966.
The album was re-released in 2003 with an altered track list and five bonus tracks by Repertoire Records.
Track listing.
2003 CD re-issue.
<br>* Bonus tracks

</doc>
<doc id="18584525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584525" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Jammu–Srinagar">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jammu–Srinagar

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jammu–Srinagar () is a diocese located in the cities of Jammu and Srinagar in the Ecclesiastical province of Delhi in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18584543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584543" title="David Kenny (journalist)">
David Kenny (journalist)

David Kenny is a journalist, best-selling author and broadcaster living in Dublin, Ireland.
His books include: "The Trib: Highlights from the Sunday Tribune 2005-2011", "The Little Buke of Dublin: Or, How to Be a Real Dub", "Erindipity The Irish Miscellany", and "Erindipity Rides Again". The latter two are books that feature humorous essays about little-known Irish historical facts.
Kenny was originator and compiler of the 'Trib' series which was launched in mid-July 2011. "The Trib: Highlights from the Sunday Tribune, Vol I" is a collection of articles chosen by the newspaper's writers.
He was also author and co-originator of the Inish Turk Beg "Brilliant Irish Series" which was released globally in January 2011 by Warner Music. The "Brilliant Irish Series" is a book and CD set charting the history of Ireland's traditional instruments. The first installment, "The Brilliant Irish Flute", features The Lord of the Rings soloist, Alan Doherty and is produced by composer and Kíla member, Lance Hogan. It also contains written contributions from Jim Kerr, Matt Molloy, Barry Devlin, Moya Brennan and Kevin Godley.
In 2011, Kenny hosted UNESCO City of Literature's inaugural Great Writing, Great Places event in the Deanery of St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, with author Brian Keenan and the former governor of Mountjoy Jail, John Lonergan.
Kenny has worked in various writing and senior editorial roles for "The Irish Press", "The XPress", "Evening Press", "Evening News", RTÉ television news and Independent Newspapers. He was Acting Deputy Editor of the "Evening Herald" from 2005 to 2007, before joining the "Sunday Tribune" as Associate Editor and news opinion columnist.
He was a weekly panelist on RTÉ's "The Daily Show" for two seasons and is a regular contributor to documentaries and discussions on Irish television and radio.
Kenny is a weekly feature columnist on TV3's Morning Show with Sybil and Martin, and writes lifestyle and opinion-based features for the Irish Examiner and the Sunday Independent newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="18584553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584553" title="Susan Davis">
Susan Davis

Susan Davis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18584555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584555" title="HP MediaSmart Connect">
HP MediaSmart Connect

HP MediaSmart Connect is a digital media player that streams or syncs media from other personal computers in an area with Wi-Fi connectivity to be played and accessed on a television screen.
It utilizes Windows Media Center Extender for the television user interface of the MediaSmart Connect box. 
It is also part of Hewlett-Packard's current MediaSmart brand, alongside HP MediaSmart Server and HP MediaSmart TV.

</doc>
<doc id="18584567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584567" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Jalandhar">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jalandhar

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jalandhar / Jullundur () is a diocese located in the city of Jalandhar in the Ecclesiastical province of Delhi in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18584584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584584" title="XII Corps (United Kingdom)">
XII Corps (United Kingdom)

XII Corps was an army corps of the British Army in World War I and World War II. In World War I, it formed part of the British Salonika Force on the Macedonian front. In World War II, it formed part of Second Army during the Normandy and North-West Europe campaigns of 1944-45.
World War I.
XII Corps was formed in France on 8 September 1915 under the command of Lt-Gen Sir Henry Fuller Maitland Wilson. In November 1915, XII Corps was sent from France with 22nd, 26th and 28th Divisions under command to reinforce Allied forces on the Macedonian front. Wilson and his corps headquarters (HQ) arrived at the port of Salonika on 12 November, but the commander of the British Salonika Force (BSF) took XII Corp’s staff to establish his own HQ. On 14 December 1915, the War Office sanctioned the establishment of two corps within the BSF and Wilson reformed XII Corps.
After a period holding the defensive position known as ‘the Birdcage’ around Salonika, XII Corps moved up-country in July 1916, taking over former French positions, but only part was involved in the fighting during the summer and autumn. XII Corps was selected to attack the Bulgarian positions west of Lake Doiran in April 1917. The area to be attacked was ‘a defender’s dream, being a tangled mass of hills cut by numerous ravines’. Wilson planned a three-stage operation to capture the three lines of defences, preceded by a short intense bombardment. The BSF’s commander, Sir George Milne decided that his manpower was too limited, and reduced this to a smaller assault on the first defence line only, preceded by a three-day bombardment to neutralise enemy batteries and destroy trenches and barbed wire. This, of course, lost the element of surprise and the Bulgarians were well aware of what was coming. Only three brigades were engaged, but the casualties were high and little ground was gained. In a second attack two weeks later, the assault troops managed to cross no man’s land, but it was difficult to get information back to HQs, and some companies simply disappeared.
This 1st Battle of Doiran (second battle by Bulgarian reckoning) had been a failure and, with many troops being withdrawn to other theatres, XII Corps did not get another opportunity to launch a major attack until 18 September 1918. On that day, with two brigades of 22nd Division and the Greek Seres Division, XII Corps failed to take ‘Pip Ridge’ and the ‘Grande Couronne’. The following day, the attack was renewed with a brigade from 27th Division supported by the remnants of 22nd Division, the Seres Division, and the French 2nd Regiment of Zouaves. Once more the attack failed with heavy casualties. However, the 2nd Battle of Doiran had served its purpose by drawing Bulgarian attention away from Gen Franchet d’Esperey’s main Franco-Serbian thrust, which broke through the Bulgarian lines further west. On 21 September, the BSF was ordered to pursue the retreating Bulgarians, with XII Corps in the lead. Bulgaria signed an armistice with the Allies on 29 September, but XII Corps continued to advance across Bulgaria towards the Turkish frontier, until the Ottoman Turks also signed the Armistice of Mudros on 31 October.
XII Corps occupied parts of European Turkey and Wilson was appointed GOC Allied Forces Gallipoli and Bosporus. On 11 February 1919, XII Corps ceased to exist, Wilson becoming Commander, Allied Forces Turkey in Europe, British Salonika Army, and British Army of the Black Sea.
Composition of XII Corps in World War I.
Order of Battle (March 1917)
Corps Troops:
World War II.
Home defence.
XII Corps, which was formed in 1940, was part of the United Kingdom's Home Forces in the early part of World War II. Lieutenant-General Bernard Montgomery was its commander from 27 April 1941 until 13 August 1942, when he was sent to Egypt to take command of Eighth Army.
Order of Battle, June - October 1940
North West Europe.
XII Corps was designated as one of the follow-up corps of the British Second Army. In July 1944, it took over command of the troops holding the Odon Valley area in July 1944 (previously under command of the British VIII Corps). It took part in a diversionary action in the area prior to Operation Goodwood (18–20 July 1944), and was then involved in the fighting southwards out of this area in August. The Corps was the last assignment of the 59th (Staffordshire) Infantry Division prior to the division's disbandment in August.
XII Corps supported the left flank of XXX Corps during Operation Market Garden in September 1944; but, like VIII Corps on the right flank, struggled to match the pace of XXX Corps' rapid advance. This left XXX Corps' flanks exposed to German counter-attacks on its lines of communication, and was one of the major factors in the British failure at Arnhem.
Order of battle, June 1944<br>
General Officer Commanding Lt-Gen Neil Ritchie<br>
Corps Troops
Attached formations
Divisions attached at other times
General Officers Commanding.
Commanders included:
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18584585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584585" title="Shaarei Tefillah">
Shaarei Tefillah

Congregation Shaarei Tefillah (Gates of Prayer) is a Modern Orthodox synagogue located at 35 Morseland Avenue in the village of Newton Centre in Newton, Massachusetts. In 2003, the synagogue had a membership of 140 families, and in 2012 that number had risen to 220 families. The congregation is notable for the unusual concentration of distinguished scholars among its members.
History.
Shaarei Tefillah was founded in December 1983 by dissident members of Newton's other major Orthodox synagogue, Congregation Beth-El Atereth Israel, as a breakaway synagogue. Members described the split, which was somewhat of a revolutionary act, as "generational". Its members were younger than those at Beth El, and its main members tended to know more about Judaism, were more traditional in their observance, and were interested in prayer that was more participatory, informal, open, lively, energetic, and spirited. Members share the duty of leading services throughout the year.
The synagogue initially met rotating in the living rooms of the private homes of its members, and in a church gymnasium. In 1985, when the congregation proposed locating the synagogue at 841 Commonwealth Avenue at the corner of Morton Street, which was formerly a private house which it bought in 1984 for $165,000 and for which it sought a zoning variance, a parking order restriction was imposed which led to protests by 100 supporters and members of the congregation at City Hall, where they carried signs that read "Let Us Pray," and "Open the Gates of Prayer." The synagogue sold the property after trying for more than a year, without success, to work out an arrangement.
The synagogue has been located since 1987 in a split-level ranch-style house on a shaded street, at 35 Morseland Avenue, one block north of Commonwealth Avenue and around the corner from Beth El. It purchased the house that year when a rabbi offered to sell his home, which had operated a small synagogue in its basement since 1970, to be used as a synagogue.
The house was gutted to create its sanctuary, with separate sections for men and women. The men and women are divided down the middle by a five-foot high wall, which distinguishes the congregation from many of its Orthodox counterparts, where women are seated behind the men, or above them in a balcony. The ark is on the men's side, but the women have a good view of it and of the bimah. As of 2009, the synagogue had 300 seats, and was seeking to expand to 405 seats.
Services.
Services are held on weekday mornings and evenings, as well as Shabbat and Jewish holidays. Friday evening services at the synagogue are attended primarily by men. Regular members of the synagogue attend services on a regular basis. The synagogue's two "gabbaim" welcome unfamiliar guests, and seek people to lead the services.
Its members are known for being highly educated, with people joking that "if you don't have three degrees, they won't let you in". The Jewish Orthodox Feminist Alliance (JOFA) honors on its Wall of Honor, for being women Presidents of Orthodox synagogues, the following past presidents of Shaarei Tefillah: Brenda Katz (1992–94), Lisa Micley (1999–2001), and Nancy Kolodny, former Dean of Wellesley College (2001–03).
Clergy and leadership.
The congregation is led by Rabbi Benjamin Samuels, who was hired in September 1995 as its first full-time rabbi. It has lay officers, and a board of approximately 15 people. In 1985, Dr. Alan Rockoff was the synagogue's president. Richard Feczko was its president from July 2003 to July 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18584595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584595" title="Soldier's Last Letter">
Soldier's Last Letter

Soldier's Last Letter was a country music song written by Redd Stewart and Ernest Tubb and recorded by Ernest Tubb. It was released in the United States in 1944.
Background and content.
In 1941, following the attack on Pearl Harbor, Redd was drafted into the U.S. Army and sent to the South Pacific. While stationed there with the rank of sergeant, Redd wrote "A Soldier's Last Letter”, which Ernest Tubb worked on and recorded in 1944, making it a No.1 hit staying at the top for four weeks out of a seven month stay on the Country charts, and crossing over to the Pop chart Top 20. The B-side of the Ernest Tubb recording of "Soldiers Last Letter" a song entitled, "Yesterday's Tears" peaked at number four on the Juke Box Folk chart.
Merle Haggard version.
Merle Haggard later had a hit single with the song in 1970. His version reached number three on the U.S. country chart and number four on the Canadian country chart. It also peaked at number ninety on the Hot 100.

</doc>
<doc id="18584604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584604" title="KETRA">
KETRA

KETRA is an acronym for the Katrina Emergency Tax Relief Act of 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18584607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584607" title="Data model (ArcGIS)">
Data model (ArcGIS)

In ArcGIS, a data model a set of database design specifications for objects in a GIS application. A data model describes the thematic layers used in the applications (for example, hamburger stands, roads, and counties); their spatial representation (for example, point, line, or polygon); their attributes; their integrity rules and relationships (for example, counties must nest within states); their cartographic portrayal; and their metadata requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="18584608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584608" title="Candido Maria Trigueros">
Candido Maria Trigueros

Candido Maria Trigueros (4 September 1736 - 20 May 1798) was a Spanish poet, theatrical author and illustrated journalist. 
He was born at Orgaz. After living out of Church appointments for over thirty years in Carmona, Seville, participating for many years in meetings of the "Real Academia Sevillana de Buenas Letras" and those organized by influent politician Pablo de Olavide y Jáuregui, and being appointed through pressures of his Madrid colleagues a Librarian, since 1784, at the "Reales Estudios de San Isidro de Madrid".
He participated then in a fluid exchange of ideas and correspondence with the foremost politicians, academicians, writers and historians of the late-18th century Madrid.
He developed works around, and/or, the French author Molière, no doubt by his contacts with Agustín de Montiano y Luyando, first director of the Spanish Academy of History and also a member of the Royal Spanish Academy. He was the author of his Apology read before the King Charles III of Spain in 1765 when Montiano died in November 1764. 
He managed also to readapt with success some works of such great early 17th century writers as Felix Lope de Vega y Carpio and Miguel de Cervantes. 
Trigueros died at Madrid in 1798.

</doc>
<doc id="18584613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584613" title="MCF-7">
MCF-7

MCF-7 is a breast cancer cell line isolated in 1970 from a 69-year-old Caucasian woman. MCF-7 is the acronym of Michigan Cancer Foundation-7, referring to the institute in Detroit where the cell line was established in 1973 by Herbert Soule and co-workers. The Michigan Cancer Foundation is now known as the Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute.
Prior to MCF-7, it was not possible for cancer researchers to obtain a mammary cell line that was capable of living longer than a few months.
The patient, whose name, Frances Mallon, is unknown to the vast majority of cancer researchers, died in 1970. Her cells were the source of much of current knowledge about breast cancer. At the time of sampling, she was a nun in the convent of Immaculate Heart of Mary in Monroe, Michigan under the name of Sister Catherine Frances.
MCF-7 and two other breast cancer cell lines, named T-47D and MDA-MB-231, account for more than two-thirds of all abstracts reporting studies on mentioned BCC lines, as concluded from a Medline-based survey.
Characteristics of MCF-7 cells.
The characteristics of MCF-7 cells are:
This cell line retained several characteristics of differentiated mammary epithelium, including the ability to process estradiol via cytoplasmic estrogen receptors and the capability of forming domes.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha) inhibits the growth of MCF-7 breast cancer cells. Treatment with anti-estrogens can modulate the secretion of insulin-like growth factor binding proteins.
PIK3CA helical mutations were identified in MCF-7, but with low AKT activation.

</doc>
<doc id="18584624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584624" title="Redundant binary representation">
Redundant binary representation

A redundant binary representation (RBR) is a numeral system that uses more bits than needed to represent a single binary digit so that most numbers have several representations. A RBR is unlike usual binary numeral systems, including two's complement, which use a single bit for each digit. Many of a RBR's properties differ from those of regular binary representation systems. Most importantly, a RBR allows addition without using a typical carry. Usually, each digit has its own sign that is not necessarily the same as the sign of the number represented. When digits have signs, that RBR is also a signed-digit representation.
Conversion from RBR.
A RBR is a place-value notation system. In a RBR, digits are "pairs" of bits, that is, for every place, a RBR uses a pair of bits. The value represented by an RBR digit can be found using a translation table. This table indicates the mathematical value of each possible pair of bits.
As in conventional binary representation, the integer value of a given representation is a weighted sum of the values of the digits. The weight starts at 1 for the rightmost position and goes up by a factor of 2 for each next position. Usually, a RBR allows negative values. There is no single sign bit that tells if a RBR represented number is positive or negative. Most integers have several possible representations in an RBR.
Often one of the several possible representations of an integer is chosen as the "canonical" form, so each integer has only one possible "canonical" representation -- non-adjacent form and two's complement are a popular choices for that canonical form.
An integer value can be converted back from a RBR using the following formula, where "n" is the number of digit and "dk" is the interpreted value of the "k"-th digit, where "k" starts at 0 at the rightmost position:
The conversion from a RBR to two's complement can be done in O(log(n)) using prefix adder where "n" is the number of digit.
Example of redundant binary representation.
Not all RBR have the same properties. For example, using the translation table on the right, the number 1 can be represented in this RBR in many ways: "01·01·01·11", "01·01·10·11", "01·01·11·00", "11·00·00·00". Also, for this translation table, flipping all bits (NOT gate) corresponds to finding the additive inverse (multiplication by −1) of the integer represented.
In this case: formula_2
Arithmetic operations.
A RBR is used by particular arithmetic logic units.
In particular, a carry-save adder uses a RBR.
Addition.
The addition operation in all RBRs is carry-free, which means that the carry does not have to propagate through all the width of the addition unit. In effect, the addition in all RBRs is a constant-time operation. The addition will always take the same amount of time independent of the bit width of the operands. This does not imply that the addition is always faster in a RBR than is two's complement representation, but that the addition will eventually be faster in a RBR with increasing bit width because the two's complement addition unit's delay is proportional to log("n") (where "n" is the bit width). The addition in a RBR take a constant time because each digit of the result can be calculated independently of one another, implying that each digit of the result can be calculated in parallel. A few of the adders can be found here 
Subtraction.
Subtraction is the same as the addition except that the additive inverse of the second operand needs to be computed first. The additive inverse is usually found using a translation table.
Logical operations.
Implementing logical operations in a RBR using digital logic is more complicated than in usual representations. For example, the expected result of the bitwise AND operation on a pair of representations of 1 is expected to have value 1 in usual representations. Since there are many ways to represent 1 in a RBR, it is not possible to simply use the basic logic gate AND between every digit. The same problem apply to the OR and XOR operations. While it is possible to do bitwise operations directly on the underlying bits inside a RBR, it is not clear that this is a meaningful operation. Assuming one wants the result to represent the same integer value as if the operation had been carried out using a standard non-redundant binary representation, it is necessary to convert the two operands first to non-redundant representations. Consequently, logical operations are slower in a RBR. More precisely, they take a time proportional to log("n") (where "n" is the number of digit) compared to a constant-time in two's complement.

</doc>
<doc id="18584626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584626" title="Kira Willey">
Kira Willey

Kira Willey is an award-winning American musician best known for
her song "Colors" which is featured on a popular Dell computer laptop commercial. She is also a certified Yoga instructor and a mother.
Musical career.
Willey spent the late nineties in New York City performing in nightclubs before working on material that would later be used for her debut album, Dance for the Sun. The songs initially were written for her first daughter in an effort to sing her to sleep. Upon gaining a certification to teach Yoga, she started bringing her guitar to classes to play for the children. Her students loved the songs she wrote which led her to write more songs with the intention of pleasing children and eventually to recording her first album. Her cousin produced the album and played drums, her brother sang bass, and her daughter and friends sang along in a few tracks. Her music has been described as joyful, upbeat and eminently danceable and she has won awards for best album and best song.
Personal life.
At the age of five, Willey started playing the violin and continued performing all the way through high school and taught herself how to play guitar and mandolin as a teenager. In 2006 she opened her own Yoga Studio, Fireflies Yoga in Pennsylvania. She has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="18584636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584636" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Simla and Chandigarh">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Simla and Chandigarh

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Simla and Chandigarh/Shimla and Chandigarh () is a diocese located in the cities of Simla and Chandigarh in the Ecclesiastical province of Delhi in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18584673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584673" title="Haji Muhammad Adeel">
Haji Muhammad Adeel

Haji Muhammad Adeel - Pakistani senator, is the leader of the Awami National Party in the Senate and senior vice president of the Awami National Party.
Biography.
A Hindko speaker, he is from a family of anti-imperialists, the son of Hakeem Abdul Jalil (Hakeem Sahib was actively involved in the non violence movement, Khudai Khidmatgar against the British Empire in the subcontinent and was the president of All India National Congress Committee Peshawar District and a close colleague of Bacha Khan and Mahatama Gandhi and Member of Central working committee of Congress.
During his political career he served as finance minister and deputy speaker in the provincial government of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa. He is senator and represents Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in the National Finance Commission of Pakistan.
Role in Senate.
Committee(s) :
Haji Adeel is member of following standing committees
Standing Committee on Interior
Standing Committee on Defence and Defence Production
Standing Committee on Textile Industry
Standing Committee on Information and Broadcasting
Functional Committee on Problems of Less Developed Areas
His senate tenure started in March 2009 and conclude in March 2015
Role in national politics.
Parliamentary Leader in Senate of Pakistan
Senior Vice President, Awami National Party (ANP) Pakistan.
Chairman Election Commission of ANP.
Coordinator ANP Lawyers.
Member Central & Provincial Executive Committees of ANP.
Member, National Executive Committee, Pakistan India People Forum for Peace and Democracy.
Member of National Steering Committee INSA (Imagine a New South Asia).
Civil society activist.
Haji Adeel is a die hard believer of Pakistan and India friendship. He has been very active in campaign and leads the caucus of parliamentarians for New South Asia. 
Haji Adeel also supports various initiatives for Sustainable Development in Pakistan. He supports Pakistani civil society organizations and South Asian Rights groups.

</doc>
<doc id="18584676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584676" title="Al Citrino">
Al Citrino

Al Citrino is an American boxer from San Francisco, California. Al lost his first fight but then went on a winning streak of 12-0-4.
Al fought Fidel LaBarba in San Francisco. Al lost by TKO.
Al fought Young Tommy in San Francisco. Al again lost by TKO.
Al fought for the Hawaiian State Featherweight Title in Hawaii against Pedro Velasco. Al lost by decision.
Al fought Frankie Covelli 2 straight times in California. The first fight was a draw. The second fight Al won by decision.
Al also would fight the great Henry Armstrong in California. Al lost by TKO.

</doc>
<doc id="18584695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584695" title="Aziz Ezzat Pasha">
Aziz Ezzat Pasha

Aziz Ezzat Pasha () (24 June 1869 - 12 April 1961) was an Egyptian politician.
Foreign Ministry.
Born in Cairo, Aziz Ezzat Pasha was educated at Jesus College, Cambridge and the now defunct Royal Military Academy, Woolwich. He began his career in the court of Khedive Isma'il Pasha and was then promoted to deputy minister of foreign affairs. Following the United Kingdom's unilateral grant of independence to Egypt in 1922, he was appointed as Egypt's first minister plenipotentiary to the Court of St. James's, serving for five years, from 1923 until 1928. He served as Egypt's Foreign Minister from 18 February 1935 until 30 January 1936.
Regency.
Aziz Ezzat Pasha was a member of the Regency Council during King Farouk I's minority. He served as regent from 28 April 1936 until 29 July 1937, alongside Prince Muhammad Ali Tewfik and Sherif Sabri Pasha. As such, he was allocated EGP 15,000, a huge sum at that time.
Al-Ahly.
Aziz Ezzat Pasha was greatly involved with the famous Egyptian sports club "Al-Ahly". On 2 April 1908, he became the club's second president. He was the first Egyptian to hold that post, and kept it until 16 April 1914. He later became Honorary President of the club (1929-1941).
Family.
Aziz Ezzat Pasha's second wife, Behiye Yeghen Hanim, whom he married in 1892, was a granddaughter of Khedive Isma'il Pasha from her mother's side. Their daughter Aysha Hanim (1893 - 1945) married in 1912 (and later divorced in 1927) Prince Muhammad Ali Hassan Pasha, another grandson of Khedive Isma'il.

</doc>
<doc id="18584697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584697" title="MV Sea Star">
MV Sea Star

Sea Star was a supertanker that spilled some 115,000 tons of crude oil into the Gulf of Oman on December 19, 1972, after colliding with the Brazilian tanker "Horta Barbosa". After the collision both vessels caught fire and were abandoned by their crews. 12 of the crew members died in the fire and burned for five days. Recovery of "Sea Star" was attempted before the fires on board were extinguished, but following several explosions the vessel sank into the Persian Gulf on December 24.

</doc>
<doc id="18584698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584698" title="The Man Whose Pharynx Was Bad">
The Man Whose Pharynx Was Bad

"The Man Whose Pharynx Was Bad" is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first book of poetry, "Harmonium." First published in 1921, it is in the public domain in the United States.
One point of entry into this poem is Stevens' attitude towards the weather. Is it all he cared about or does it converge with reflections on the passage of time and attendant issues such as ennui and ageing? (The difference between Helen Vendler and Harold Bloom on this matter is noted in the main Harmonium essay, the section "The musical imagist".) This poem emphatically ties `the time of year' to the relentless flow of time.
Buttel interprets the poem as evoking urban emptiness under the influence of Jules Laforgue. Stevens, he argues, brought the monotony, emptiness and meaninglessness of city life into his poetry. However, Bates reads the poem as issuing a favorable prognosis, "for his cure is implicit in the terms of his complaint: if `summer' is here, can `winter' be far behind?" Although Buttel thinks that Stevens would often ask essentially Laforgue's question, "Faudra-t-il vivre monotone?," Stevens' despair is modified by exuberance. Bates though doesn't register the despair for he understands "Laforguian boredom" as temperamentally uncongenial to Stevens, mattering to him chiefly as something to overcome. With reference to "The Man Whose Pharynx Was Bad," Buttel and Bates are debating whether a change of season would allow the poet to be less diffident; this is Bates's view. Or is it rather that a season would have to break out of the cycle of seasons in order to overcome this malady of the quotidian? Would summer have to come to rest in some perfected state or winter penetrate to "the final slate"?
Harold Bloom interprets the poem as belonging to a triad in "Harmonium", the other elements being "The Snow Man" and "Tea at the Palaz of Hoon." To master the triad is to reach "the center of Stevens' poetic and human anxieties and of his resources for meeting those anxieties." "The Man Whose Pharynx Was Bad" represents a moment in "Harmonium"'s progress in which the poet proclaims diffidence about his future creativity.

</doc>
<doc id="18584699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584699" title="Stadion kraj Valjaonice">
Stadion kraj Valjaonice

Stadium Sevojno is a stadium in Sevojno, Serbia. It holds 4.350.

</doc>
<doc id="18584701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584701" title="Resumptive pronoun">
Resumptive pronoun

Resumptive pronouns are pronouns in a relative clause which refer to the antecedent of the main clause (sometimes referred to as the matrix clause). These pronouns occur after a pause or interruption (such as an embedded clause, series of adjectives, or a wh-island), and they restate the antecedent. 
Their primary role is to “block violations of syntactic constraints”, but that is not their only role. In the past, resumptive pronouns have been seen as “ways of salvaging a sentence that a speaker has started without realizing that it is impossible or at least difficult to finish it grammatically”. In order to clarify a syntactically complicated sentence an English speakers will use a resumptive pronoun.
In many languages resumptive pronouns are necessary for a sentence to be grammatical and are required to help interpretation and performance in particular syntactic conditions.
<br>
Defining the Resumptive Pronoun.
Resumptive pronouns are pronouns that become more common the deeper the relative clause is embedded within the sentence because of greater processing constraints. When a relative clause is deeply embedded, the sentence is longer and it is more difficult to understand what is being modified by the relative clause. This added level, or additional distance, makes processing the sentence more difficult. These pronouns may not be actually grammatical in some languages like English, but are inserted into some sentences for clarity when there is a great deal of embedding or distance. 
Relationship of Resumptive Pronouns and Traces.
Crucial to understanding resumptive pronouns is grasping the concept of their counterpart: the trace. Since resumptive pronouns and traces may not be differentiated in the English lexicon, the definition of one requires information about the other. When movement occurs in English sentences an invisible place-marker is left, called a trace. An example of movement that would result in a trace would be when an auxiliary verb is moved from a main clause to the beginning of a sentence to form a question phrase. A trace is an empty category that maintains a position in a sentence even though, in some languages, there is no surface level evidence of that linguistic element. Traces represent the pronoun that would have been present in the embedded clause, or before the Wh-Movement, that is removed from the surface representation of the sentence. As a result, in accordance with Binding Theory, the empty position of a trace must still be co-indexed with the preceding noun that it refers to in D-structure since they refer to the same entity. 
t = trace
i = co-indexed
Two Competing Accounts of Resumptive Pronouns.
There are two main views regarding the existence of resumptive pronouns. Some Linguists believe that resumptive pronouns occur as a result of syntactic processing, while others believe they are the result of grammatical structure and are actually the pronunciation of a trace. In terms of grammatical processing, speakers use resumptive pronouns to clarify syntactically complicated sentences by using a resumptive pronoun as a hook back to the antecedent. This point of view sees resumptive pronouns as a kind of helper that is inserted into the sentence in order to make understanding the sentence easier for speakers. The second view looks at the underlying syntactic structure of the sentence, and views the resumptive pronouns as audible instances of an invisible underlying form. From the structural perspective, resumptive pronouns have been called a “cross between a trace morpheme and a regular pronoun”. A conceivable way of approaching resumptive pronouns is to say that they are of the same syntactic category as gaps or traces, and that they get the same semantic translation. The only difference would be that certain gaps get ‘spelled out’ as pronouns for clarity. Resumptive pronouns are syntactically and semantically pronouns, and they differ in both these respects from gaps.
Example Sentences.
The following examples are based on sentences provided in the work by McKee and McDaniel (2001)
Sentence (a) shows a trace, where the pronoun has been removed from the embedded clause. In sentence (b), the word him represents the pronoun that would be referred to as a resumptive pronoun if it remained in the sentence. However, as was stated previously, traces and resumptive pronouns appear in complementary distribution, so for the sentence to be grammatical with a trace in (a), it must be ungrammatical when the resumptive pronoun fills that same position in (b). Sentences (c) and (d) operate similarly, and are demonstrated in the X-bar theory trees below.
Theories of Resumptive Pronouns Distribution.
Through a brief overview of resumptive pronouns in Swedish, Zaenen, Engdahl and Maling (1981) conclude that in some languages resumptive pronoun usage is not a case of anaphoric binding. In fact, they indicate that the relationship between a wh-word and a resumptive pronoun is actually akin to the relationship between a wh-word and a trace (an empty category that maintains a position in a sentence) that exists in English. Furthermore, they state that even though resumptive pronouns typically occur in syntactic islands, this is not because of switch in the category of binding.
The issues with resumptive pronoun extractability clearly follow from syntactic principles. Furthermore, this factor is naturally described within the Minimalist program, where the possibility of one structure can affect the possibility of another. In pre-Minimalist frameworks where derivations are independent of each other, this type of relation between two structures was unaccounted for; that is, there was no syntactic account of the ungrammaticality of cases like (5b). The independence of (5a) and (5b) implied that (5b) should be as good as (6b), regardless of whether resumptive pronouns are marginal in English. However, in the Minimalist framework, derivations that originate from the same numeration (i.e., set of lexical items) compete with one another so that the least costly derivation blocks the other(s). Therefore, if each resumptive–trace pair in the patterns exemplified in (5) and (6) is analyzed as originating from the same numeration, the complementarity has an account.
To develop this account we must claim that resumptive pronouns and traces are not differentiated in the English lexicon. If they were, the two versions would derive from different numerations and so would not compete.
Distribution of Resumptive Pronouns.
Resumptive pronouns in English behave differently than in other languages. In many contexts resumptive pronouns are judged to be ungrammatical by native speakers and they cannot be in the same binding domain or clause as the pronoun to which they refer. They do not usually occur in main clauses, but generally in relative clauses in some languages. In fact, in English, “relative clauses with resumptive pronouns are officially ungrammatical [...] However, they are in fact not uncommon in speech”. However, their grammaticality is influenced by linear distance from the subject, embedded depth, and extractability.
In a relative clause, resumptive pronouns are generally not seen as grammatical, how ever their level of grammaticality improves as they get farther from the head. Thus, (4b) seems preferable to (4a). Some improvement in whether a native speaker judges resumptive pronouns as grammatical may also result when the resumptive pronoun is embedded, as in (4c). The following examples are based on sentences provided in the work by McKee and McDaniel (2001)
Since distance is generally irrelevant to syntactic principles, it is difficult to build a grammatical account of English resumptive pronouns in such terms. 
The factor that seems to affect the distribution of resumptives in English most is extractability (i.e., whether a trace is acceptable). Resumptive pronouns are therefore generally in complementary distribution with traces. In (5), where the trace is possible, the resumptive pronoun is not; in (6), where the trace is not possible because of island constraints, the resumptive pronoun is.
Distribution In Other Languages.
The use of resumptive pronouns and the resumptive pronoun strategy is “marginal” in the English language, but “common in colloquial English where binding theory prohibits Wh-Movement”. This language phenomenon is found more readily in other languages, such as Italian and French.
Italian.
<br>
Contrary to English, Italian features grammatical resumption in some unbounded dependencies other than relative clauses. As the example below shows, the resumptive pronoun is required for the sentence to be grammatical. Where ‘lo’ is the resumptive pronoun. 
Romani.
In some languages, resumptive pronouns and traces seem to alternate relatively freely, as the Romani examples in (9) illustrate.
<br>
<br>
<br>
Yiddish.
<br>
Yiddish also provides an example of a language that uses resumptive pronouns readily, as can be seen in the example below.

</doc>
<doc id="18584726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584726" title="The Mississippi Gambler (1929 film)">
The Mississippi Gambler (1929 film)

The Mississippi Gambler is a 1929 film made by Universal Pictures, directed by Reginald Barker, and starring by Joseph Schildkraut and Joan Bennett.

</doc>
<doc id="18584728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584728" title="Stefan Trendafilov">
Stefan Trendafilov

Stefan Georgiev Trendafilov (; born March 4, 1971 in Sliven) is a retired boxer from Bulgaria, who competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. There he was defeated in the quarterfinals of the Men's Middleweight (– 75 kg) by Canada's eventual bronze medalist Chris Johnson.

</doc>
<doc id="18584730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584730" title="Timor Sea Treaty">
Timor Sea Treaty

Formally known as the Timor Sea Treaty between the Government of East Timor and the Government of Australia was signed between Australia and East Timor in Dili, East Timor on May 20, 2002, the day East Timor attained its independence from United Nations rule, for joint petroleum exploration of the Timor Sea by the two countries. The signatories of the treaty were then Australian prime minister John Howard and his East Timorese counterpart at that time Mari Alkatiri.
The treaty entered into force on April 2, 2003 following an exchange of diplomatic notes and was backdated to May 20, 2002. The treaty was to run for 30 years from the day it came into force or when a seabed boundary could be established, whichever earlier. However, the subsequent signing of the Treaty on Certain Maritime Arrangements in the Timor Sea (CMATS) in 2007, the period of validity for the Timor Sea Treaty was extended to 2057, when the validity of CMATS also ends.
The Timor Sea Treaty provides for the sharing of the proceeds of petroleum found in an agreed area of seabed, called the Joint Petroleum Development Area and does not determine the sovereignty and maritime boundary between the two countries. The treaty expressly states that the right of either country to claim the overlapping portion of the seabed is maintained.
Effects of the treaty.
The treaty replaces the Timor Gap Treaty which was signed between Australia and Indonesia on December 11, 1989 which was no longer valid once the territory of East Timor ceased to become a province of Indonesia. It virtually puts East Timor in the place of Indonesia in the Timor Gap Treaty but with a few differences.
The significant difference between the Timor Gap Treaty and Timor Sea Treaty is that the latter only creates one Joint Petroleum Development Area, with East Timor getting 90% and Australia 10% of the revenue derived from the area. The former created three zones, with the revenue of the middle Zone of Cooperation being divided equally between the two countries.

</doc>
<doc id="18584744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584744" title="Trimeresurus elegans">
Trimeresurus elegans

Trimeresurus elegans is a venomous pitviper species endemic to Japan in the southern Ryukyu Islands. No subspecies are currently recognized. The species is aggressive with large fangs. It can strike at over one half the length of its body. 
Description.
Scalation includes 25 (sometimes 23) rows of dorsal scales at midbody, 179-192 (males) or 182-196 (females) ventral scales, 63-90 subcaudal scales, and 8 (sometimes 7 or 9) supralabial scales.
During 1965-2011, 2447 snakebites from this snake are reported with one fatality.
Geographic range.
Found in Japan in the southern Ryukyu Islands. The type locality is unknown. Boulenger listed it as "---- ?" while Gray's original 1849 description gives "West Coast of America." A restriction to "Ishigaki-Shima [Ryukyu Islands, Japan" was proposed by Stejneger (1907).

</doc>
<doc id="18584747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584747" title="Jonas Schanche Kielland (born 1863)">
Jonas Schanche Kielland (born 1863)

Jonas Schanche Kielland (20 November 1863 – 1 June 1925) was a Norwegian judge and politician.
Family.
He was born in Horten to Jacob Kielland and his wife Thora Margrethe (1827–1902), née Bendz. His grandfather was Jacob Kielland, his uncle Jens Zetlitz Kielland and his cousins Kitty Lange and Alexander Kielland. Jonas Schancke Kielland had four older brothers, one of whom died young, and one older sister. His brother Axel Christian Zetlitz Kielland became a diplomat, and another brother Christian Bendz Kielland became a high-ranking civil servant.
In 1893 Jonas Schanche Kielland married Helene Christiane Lorange (1868–1925). The couple had two sons a one daughter: 
Career.
He enrolled in law studies in 1881, and graduated with the cand.jur. degree in 1886. From 1889 to 1910 he worked as an attorney in Stavanger. He rose in the hierarchy to become a judge in 1917 and stipendiary magistrate ("byfogd") of Stavanger in 1919.
As a politician, he represented the Conservative Party and was first elected to Stavanger city council in 1902. He was later mayor of Stavanger from 1908 to 1909. He was elected to the Parliament of Norway in the Norwegian parliamentary election, 1909, but after one year of the three-year term he relinquished his seat because of illness. In 1911 he became burgomaster of Stavanger, a position his cousin Alexander Kielland had held from 1891 to 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="18584759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18584759" title="2011 Rugby World Cup – Oceania qualification">
2011 Rugby World Cup – Oceania qualification

There was one qualifier for Rugby World Cup 2011 from the Oceania region. The qualifying process began with the 2009 Oceania Nations Cup, with the winner going on to play Samoa.
The first stage was the four team Oceania Nations Cup. The Cup was played as a straight knock-out. The winner then advanced to the final qualifier against Samoa, a two legged playoff to decide the Oceania Qualifier who faced South Africa, Wales, Fiji, and the African qualifier (Namibia) in Pool D
Oceania was the only region not to send a team to the 20th place playoff.
Oceania Qualification Playoff.
Samoa won 188-19 on aggregate and progressed to the 2011 Rugby World Cup Finals as Oceania 1

</doc>
