<doc id="18611320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611320" title="Tiapride">
Tiapride

Tiapride is a drug that selectively blocks D2 and D3 dopamine receptors in the brain. It is used to treat a variety of neurological and psychiatric disorders including dyskinesia, alcohol withdrawal syndrome, negative symptoms of psychosis, and agitation and aggression in the elderly. A derivative of benzamide, tiapride is chemically and functionally similar to other benzamide antipsychotics such as sulpiride and amisulpride known for their dopamine antagonist effects.
Pharmacodynamics.
Tiapride is a dopamine D2 and D3 receptor antagonist. It is more selective than other neuroleptic drugs such as haloperidol and risperidone, which not only target four of the five known dopamine receptor subtypes (D1-4), but also block serotonin (5-HT2A, 2C), α1- and α2-adrenergic, and histamine H1 receptors. Compared to these drugs, tiapride has a relatively moderate affinity for its target receptors, displacing 50 percent of 3H-raclopride binding at a concentration of 320 nM at D2 receptors and a concentration of 180 nM at D3 receptors.
Tiapride displays a relatively high regional selectivity for limbic areas. One study found that, in contrast with haloperidol, which displays equal affinity for receptors in the rat limbic system and striatum, tiapride shows over three times as much affinity for limbic areas than striatal areas. Another study in rats found tiapride's affinity for the septum, a limbic region, to be over thirty times as high as for the striatum.
Efficacy at the D2 receptor is moderate, with 80 percent of receptors occupied even in the presence of excess tiapride concentrations.
Pharmacokinetics.
Tiapride is primarily taken orally in the form of a tablet, but can also be administered via intravenous or intramuscular injection. A liquid oral formulation is also available for elderly patients with difficulty chewing solids. For all three methods of administration, the bioavailability of tiapride is approximately 75 percent. Peak plasma concentrations are attained between 0.4 and 1.5 hours following administration, and steady-state concentrations achieved 24 to 48 hours after beginning administration 3 times a day. It distributes rapidly and exhibits virtually no binding to plasma proteins, giving it a relatively high volume of distribution. Benzamide and its derivatives are highly water soluble, and because of their polarity are believed to cross the blood-brain barrier via carrier-mediated transport. Elimination of tiapride, mostly in its original form, occurs through renal excretion with a half-life of 3 to 4 hours.
Recommended dosages of tiapride vary with clinical symptoms. In alcoholic patients, delirium or pre-delirium associated with alcohol withdrawal can be alleviated by administration of 400–1200 mg/day or up to 1800 mg/day if necessary. Tremors and other dyskinsias can be treated with 300–800 mg/day. For reducing agitation and aggression in elderly patients, 200–300 mg/day is recommended.
Treatment.
Alcoholism.
Research in animal models and clinical studies in alcoholic patients have found that tiapride has anxiolytic effects. Dopamine hyperactivity has been linked with alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS), suggesting that tiapride's antidopaminergic effects are the most likely mechanism for its clinical efficacy, although others believe some other mechanism might be involved. Alcoholic patients treated with tiapride at a dosage of 300 mg/day reported reduced psychological distress and improved abstinence from alcohol. In another study in which alcoholic patients were given titrated doses up to 800 mg/day, subjects showed significant improvements in ratigns of withdrawal, craving, psychiatric symptoms and quality of life.
While tiapride does not affect positive symptoms of psychosis such as hallucinosis or delirium sometimes manifested in alcohol withdrawal syndrome, if combined with a drug such as carbamazepine that addresses those symptoms, it is ideal for treating alcohol dependency because its metabolism does not depend on liver function and it has low potential for abuse. This sets it apart from the benzodiazepines, which are contraindicated with alcohol and can be addictive. Moreover, tiapride's rapid onset makes intravenous or intramuscular injection prior to or during withdrawal episodes particularly effective.
Agitation and aggression.
Agitation and aggression are also associated with hyperdopaminergic activity. Antipsychotic drugs are the most common treatment for these symptoms, but often come with a host of side-effects including orthostatic hypotension and deficits in vigilance and attention. One clinical study in agitated elderly patients compared the effects of tiapride, haloperidol and placebo and found that while the two drugs had comparable efficacy superior to the placebo effect, tiapride had fewer and less severe side effects than haloperidol.
Tiapride's selectivity for the limbic system, which is associated with emotion, could underlie its particular efficacy in treating these affective disorders. Moreover, its selectivity for the dopaminergic system is thought to account for its avoidance of the side effects typically associated with other neuroleptic drugs, such as chlorpromazine, which act on a number of neurotransmitter systems.
Movement disorders.
While tiapride preferentially targets the limbic system over the striatum, its moderate antagonistic effect on striatal dopamine receptors makes it effective in treating motor deficits that involve this area, such as tardive dyskinesia and chorea. Tiapride's moderate efficacy at D2 receptors may explain why it is able to treat motor symptoms without the extrapyramidal symptoms caused by excess dopamine blockage, which are sometimes seen in haloperidol or chlorpromazine. One clinical study of patients with tardive dyskinesia associated with Parkinson's disease found that tiapride significantly improved motor abilities without affecting other parkinsonian symptoms.
Side effects.
Although it is considered a "safe" medicine, it is, like sulpiride, strictly contraindicated for patients under the age of 18 due to its effects during the process of puberty. This is likely related to its side effects on levels of the hormone prolactin, which is involved in sexual development. There are also insufficient clinical data on the other side effects in adolescents.
Tiapride has been found to cause excess prolactin levels in plasma, which can cause decreased libido, infertility and increased risk of breast cancer. This is because dopamine plays a primary role in regulating prolactin release by binding to D2 receptors on prolactin-secreting cells in the anterior pituitary. Thus, when tiapride blocks these receptors these cells are disinhibited and release more prolactin.
The side-effect reported most commonly to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is rhabdomyolysis, a condition characterized by muscle tissue breakdown. Cardiac abnormalities such as prolongation of the QT interval and torsades de pointes have also been observed.
Dosages above approximately 300 mg/day risk inducing tardive dyskinesia. However, given the drug's fairly wide window of tolerable doses, dosages can often be titrated to obtain the desired effect without bringing about motor deficits. In general, tiapride is considered an atypical antipsychotic because of its low risk for extrapyramidal symptoms, such as akinesia and akathesia. These effects are thought to be reduced in tiapride relative to typical antipsychotics because of its selectivity for the limbic system over extrapyramidal areas that control movement.
Availability.
Tiapride is marketed under various trade names and is widely available outside of the United States. The most common trade name for tiapride is Tiapridal, which is used throughout Europe as well as parts of South America, the Middle East, and North Africa. It is also sold under different names in Italy (Italprid, Sereprile), Japan (Tialaread, Tiaryl, Tiaprim, Tiaprizal), Chile (Sereprid), Germany (Tiaprid, Tiapridex), and China (Tiapride).

</doc>
<doc id="18611333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611333" title="Gould transcontinental system">
Gould transcontinental system

The Gould transcontinental system was a system of railroads assembled by George Jay Gould I and the Fuller Syndicate in the early 1900s. This was Gould's attempt to fulfill a goal of his late father, financier Jay Gould. Due to financial troubles following the Panic of 1907, the system was never completed as a fully transcontinental line.
At its peak the system stretched from San Francisco to Pittsburgh, and was composed of the following railroads:

</doc>
<doc id="18611341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611341" title="Sultopride">
Sultopride

Sultopride (Barnetil, Barnotil, Topral) is an atypical antipsychotic of the benzamide chemical class used in Europe, Japan, and Hong Kong for the treatment of schizophrenia. It was launched by Sanofi-Aventis in 1976. Sultopride acts as a selective D2 and D3 receptor antagonist. It has also been shown to have clinically relevant affinity for the GHB receptor as well, a property it shares in common with amisulpride and sulpiride.

</doc>
<doc id="18611346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611346" title="Julián Rejala">
Julián Rejala

Julián Rejala was born in a small town of Aregua, in the Central Department of Paraguay, called “Kokué Guazú”, on February 16, 1907.
He studied guitar with Enriqueta González and interested in theatre he work in Julio Correa’s Company, the great creator of Guaraní Theatre.
First steps.
In 1934 he formed the Conjunto Folklórico Guaraní (Folkloric Guaraní Group), bringing in members Santiago Cortessi, Jorge Caballero, Agustín Cáceres, Agustín Larramendia, José L. Melgarejo, Fidelino Castro Chamorro and others.
This group was active during and after the Chaco War (between Paraguay and Bolivia from 1932 to 1935). In the beginning the group was under the direction of Roque Centurión Miranda with the name “Elenco Chaco Paraguayo” (Paraguayan Chaco Cast). After the war he founded the first folkloric dancing group in Paraguay, becoming a pioneer in a genre that would continue to develop until today.
Career.
In 1940 he did presentations in Brazil and joined in Asunción, to Erika Milée’s Dance Academy, in Asunción, in quality of professor. In 1944 he continued to teach in the Agrupación Tradicionalista Guaraní (Guaraní Traditional Group).
Many outstanding musicians were in his group. He researched and compiled many folkloric dances and had the great merit of rescuing many traditional dances that were almost forgotten.
Between 1960 and 1965 he did many recordings in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Work.
His most spread creations:
Awards.
Among his awards are the Mention of Honor in the First National Exhibit in Paraguay (1940) and the award to the Best Artistic Direction in the International Folklore Competition in Salta, Argentina (1966). He was founder member of the “Autores Paraguayos Asociados – APA” (Association of Paraguayan Authors) and the “Asociación de Escritores Guaraníes – ADEG (Guaraní Writers Association).
His family.
He was married to the great singer and teacher Wilma Ferreira.
Last years.
He died in Asunción on July 13, 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18611354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611354" title="Stepholidine">
Stepholidine

(−)-Stepholidine is a naturally occurring chemical compound found in the herb "Stephania intermedia". Stepholidine is a dual D2 receptor antagonist and D1 receptor agonist, and has shown antipsychotic activity in animal studies.

</doc>
<doc id="18611358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611358" title="List of cricket grounds by capacity">
List of cricket grounds by capacity

The following is a list of cricket grounds, ordered by capacity. Currently all grounds with a capacity of 15,000 or more which are the home venue of a club or national team are included.

</doc>
<doc id="18611359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611359" title="Neil Goldman">
Neil Goldman

Neil Goldman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18611367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611367" title="Spiroxatrine">
Spiroxatrine

Spiroxatrine is a drug which acts as a selective antagonist at both the 5-HT1A receptor and the α2C adrenergic receptor. It is an analogue of spiperone, and also has some dopamine antagonist effects.

</doc>
<doc id="18611380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611380" title="Perazine">
Perazine

Perazine (Taxilan) is a moderate-potency typical antipsychotic of the phenothiazine class. It is quite similar to chlorpromazine, and acts as a dopamine antagonist.

</doc>
<doc id="18611435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611435" title="Turners Falls Road Bridge">
Turners Falls Road Bridge

The Turners Falls Road Bridge (officially White Bridge) is a concrete and steel road bridge over the Connecticut River in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. It carries Turners Falls Road and connects the town center of Greenfield and the village of Turners Falls (in the town of Montague).
History.
The current bridge is the second on this site. Previously, a suspension bridge constructed in 1871 and known as the "Lower Suspension Bridge" was located at the site. The old bridge was constructed with funds from the towns of Greenfield and Montague and cost about $36,000. A road connecting the bridge to Greenfield center was laid out by the following year. The bridge was constructed primarily to allow laborers in Greenfield to easily go to the newly developing village of Turners Falls. The previous bridge was severely damaged in the 1936 flood and the current bridge was constructed soon after.
In the 1920s, Route 2 (former New England Route 7) originally left Greenfield via Turners Falls Road, crossing the old suspension bridge into the village of Turners Falls. Route 2 left Turners Falls via Millers Falls Road. In 1932, a more modern bridge capable of handling the increased automobile traffic, the French King Bridge, opened further upstream and Route 2 was relocated to its modern alignment along French King Highway. The former alignment through Turners Falls was designated as Route 2A. The Route 2A designation remained on Turners Falls Road until the 1960s.
The Massachusetts Highway Department is currently in the planning stages for a rehabilitation project for this bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="18611439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611439" title="Nafadotride">
Nafadotride

Nafadotride is a dopamine antagonist with reasonable selectivity for the D3 subtype (9.6 times selectivity for D3 over D2).

</doc>
<doc id="18611445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611445" title="Proteon Therapeutics">
Proteon Therapeutics

Proteon Therapeutics, Inc. is a developer of pharmaceuticals with offices in Waltham, Massachusetts and Kansas City, Missouri. 
It is developing PRT-201, a drug to improve blood flow following vascular surgery procedures, and, more broadly, is interested in vascular access for hemodialysis and peripheral arterial disease (PAD). On September 10, 2008, Proteon announced that the Food and Drug Administration had granted fast track status to PRT-201. 
Proteon was founded by Dr. F. Nicholas Franano based on technology created at Johns Hopkins University. Major investors in the company include MPM Capital, Rockhill Partners, TVM Capital, Skyline Ventures, Prism VentureWorks, Vectis Life Sciences and Intersouth Partners. They have invested over $72 million in the company. 
On March 5, 2009, the company announced that it had raised $32 million from its existing investors plus MPM Capital and Vectis Life Sciences. Proteon also announced that it had entered into an option agreement to be acquired by Novartis for up to $550 million.

</doc>
<doc id="18611455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611455" title="Edgar Kaiser, Jr">
Edgar Kaiser, Jr

Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser, Jr (July 5, 1942 – January 11, 2012) was an American-Canadian financier and a former owner of the Denver Broncos American football team. He was born in Portland, Oregon on July 5, 1942 and is the grandson of shipbuilding industrialist Henry J. Kaiser. He earned a BA degree from Stanford University and an MBA degree from Harvard University. Kaiser served as a White House Fellow and as a Special Assistant to President Lyndon B. Johnson, President Richard M. Nixon, and as a Special Assistant to U.S. Secretary of the Interior Walter J. Hickel. He became a Canadian citizen in 1980. He died on January 11, 2012.
Denver Broncos.
Kaiser purchased the Broncos from the Gerald Phipps’ family in 1981. Kaiser sold his 60.8% share of the Broncos to current owner Pat Bowlen in 1984. He then sued Bowlen for violating the original sales’ agreement, which he contended granted him right of first purchase of any sale of shares in the team. Kaiser claimed Bowlen violated this agreement by offering former Broncos quarterback John Elway a 10% stake of the company that holds ownership of the team. In 2004, a jury ruled in favor of Kaiser and a Federal judge decreed that Kaiser was entitled to purchase back 10 percent of the Broncos using the identical purchase terms offered to Elway. Bowlen appealed the original verdict that ruled in favor of Kaiser and won the appeal, as the appellate court ruled that the structure of the Bowlen-Elway deal did not violate the original agreement.
Business career.
Kaiser held several corporate positions during his life, including chief executive officer of Vancouver-based Kaiser Resources Ltd, the family holding company. Kaiser Resources' coal assets were sold to British Columbia Resources Investment Corporation and Ashland Oil Canada to Dome Petroleum.
Kaiser served as Chairman and CEO of the Bank of British Columbia from 1984 until the bank's 1986 demise. 
The Kaiser Foundation.
In 1985 Edgar Kaiser Jr. established the Kaiser Foundation. It is a North Vancouver, British Columbia - based organization established as a Canadian, national organization, operated separately from other ventures of the Kaiser family, with the goal of promoting the understanding and importance of mental health and addictions as health issues. It has also established the Kaiser Mental Health and Addictions Awareness Foundation and the Aboriginal Peoples' Health Initiative.

</doc>
<doc id="18611478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611478" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 79">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 79

The 79th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Blair County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="18611479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611479" title="Eticlopride">
Eticlopride

Eticlopride is a selective dopamine antagonist that acts on dopamine receptor D2. It is primarily used in pharmacological research.

</doc>
<doc id="18611497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611497" title="Clopenthixol">
Clopenthixol

Clopenthixol (Sordinol), also known as clopentixol, is a typical antipsychotic drug of the thioxanthene class. It was introduced by Lundbeck in 1961.
Clopenthixol is a racemic mixture of "cis" and "trans" isomers. Zuclopenthixol, the pure "cis" isomer, was later introduced by Lundbeck in 1962, and has been much more widely used. Both drugs are equally effective as antipsychotics and have similar adverse effect profiles, but clopenthixol is half as active on a milligram-to-milligram basis and appears to produce more sedation in comparison.
Clopenthixol is not approved for use in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18611509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611509" title="Salina, Pennsylvania">
Salina, Pennsylvania

Salina is an unincorporated community in northern Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States. Located near Route 819, it lies near communities such as Tinsmill and Avonmore. Salina also is located near Kiski Area School District's Elementary School, Bell-Avon. Salina also hosted a salt mine, years a go.

</doc>
<doc id="18611510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611510" title="Butaclamol">
Butaclamol

Butaclamol (AY-23,028) is an antipsychotic which was never marketed. Sold as the hydrochloride salt for use in research, the compound acts as a dopamine receptor antagonist. 
Chemistry.
pKa = 7.15 (uncorrected for ionic strength)

</doc>
<doc id="18611567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611567" title="DYFR">
DYFR

98.7 DYFR-FM, is an FM radio station owned and operated by Far East Broadcasting Company in the Philippines. It is a sister station to DZFE 98.7 in Manila. The station's studio and transmitter are located at the Immanuel Bible College Compound Banawa Hills, Cebu City, the station operates daily from 5:00 AM to 9:30 PM. 

</doc>
<doc id="18611596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611596" title="Bert Colima">
Bert Colima

Ephram Romero was a Mexican-American professional boxer from Whittier, California. From 1919 to 1920.
Professional career.
Bert fought Frank Barrieau to a draw in California.
Bert and Frank Barrieau had a rematch in Oakland, California. The fight again went to a draw.
Bert also fought Oakland Jimmy Duffy to a draw in California.
Bert fought Mickey Walker in California. Bert lost by DQ.
Bert fought Leo Lomski for the Pacific Coast Middleweight Title in Seattle, Washington. Bert lost by KO.
Bert fought Dave Shade in Los Angeles, California. Bert lost by decision.
Bert had a rematch with Dave Shade in Chicago, Illinois. Bert lost again but this time by KO.
Bert had a fight against Tommy White for the Mexican middleweight title in Mexico City, Mexico. Bert won by decision.
Bert would successfully defend his title against Hilario Martinez winning by in Mexico City, Mexico (August 11, 1929).
His next fight came against Joe Dundee for the Mexican welterweight title in Mexico City, Mexico. Bert would lose by decision.
Bert would fight for the Mexican heavyweight title against Firpo Segura. Bert would lose the match in Mexico City, Mexico by decision.

</doc>
<doc id="18611603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611603" title="One Way System">
One Way System

One Way System are a street punk band formed in the Fleetwood area of Lancashire, England in 1979.
Career.
One Way System's initial line-up was Craig Halliday (guitar), Gavin Whyte (vocals), Tez Mcdonald (drums) and Gaz Buckley (bass). A demo of the song "Jerusalem" recorded by that lineup was later included on the "A Country Fit For Heroes" compilation album, released in January 1982 - Catalogue number Oi3 - which reached No. 4 in the UK Indie Charts. David Ross joined the band from Poulton-Le-Fylde band, Zyklon B as second guitarist and in 1981 Blackpool's Lightbeat/Beat The System label, released the "No Entry" EP: A-side "Stab The Judge" b/w "Riot Torn City" and "Me and You", featuring all 5 musicians.
After some early personnel changes (Tez Mcdonald joined The Fits and it was decided that there was no need for two guitarists so Halliday left, resurfacing years later in Sick 56), the line-up settled down as Gav Whyte on vocals, Dave "Crabby" Ross on guitar, Gary Buckley on bass and Tommy Couch on drums.
The "Give Us A Future" 7" was the first release (ANA1) on Cherry Red's Anagram Records in 1982. In the same year, Anagram also rereleased "No Entry" as the "Stab The Judge" EP (OWS2) and the single version of "Jerusalem". One Way System became the first signing to Anagram with the release of their "All Systems Go" LP following the success of "Give Us A Future" in the indie charts and the band being featured on the front cover of UK national music paper Sounds (magazine).
Between 1982 and 1984 the band had five Indie Chart hit singles and two Top Ten albums. A U.S. West Coast tour alongside Circle Jerks in 1984 was abandoned when Keith Morris broke his neck, although the band managed to salvage one date with Suicidal Tendencies. In 1985 Gav Whyte was replaced on vocals by Andy Gibson of Preston punk band The Genocides and the band remained signed to Anagram until they split in early 1986 with enough songs written for an unreleased third album.
Tom Couch then spent 2 years with the UK Subs and has since been voted one of the best punk drummers of all time. One Way System was resurrected in 1995 with Gavin Whyte returning after Captain Oi! re-released "All Systems Go" and "Writing On The Wall" in CD format. Gaz Buckley left the band to be replaced by Dave Brown for a ten date European Tour. Brown was replaced in turn by Andy Wilkinson and, in 1996, Cleopatra issued a "Best Of" collection. In 1996, whilst working on a new album, Gavin Whyte left the band and was replaced by longtime fan Lee Havok (real name Lee Pinkney) and it was with this line-up that undertook a tour of Japan.
A new CD, "Waiting For Zero" was released through GMM in 1998 and Cherry Red released a "Singles Collection" in 2003. The 2005 various artists compilation CD "Give Us A Future (The History Of Anagram Records 1982-1987)" took its name from the One Way System single of that name.
More recently, Lee Havok was replaced by ukNige (ex of Pink Torpedoes and, with OWS founder member Craig Halliday, Sick 56) on vocals and ukNige was then replaced by Jay Susel. In 2011, Couch and Wilkinson, while remaining in One Way System, joined singer Dunk Rock (UFX) and guitarist Tony Mitchell (Kiss of The Gypsy) in gothic psychobilly band Boneyard Zombies, releasing the "Death Rattle and Roll" album in 2012. Both bands appeared at the 2012 Rebellion Festival in Blackpool. Recording for a new One Way System album is already underway and the band toured the U.S. West Coast in 2013. Gaz Buckley is currently in Aussie punk band The Terraces.
Selected discography.
Chart placings shown are from the UK Indie Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18611631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611631" title="Krešimir Lončar">
Krešimir Lončar

Krešimir Lončar (born February 12, 1983) is a Croatian professional basketball player for Khimki of the Russian Professional Basketball League (PBL). He is 6 ft 10¾ in (2.10 m) in height and weighs 231 pounds (105 kg). He plays both the power forward and center positions.
Professional career.
Lončar won with UNICS Kazan the Russian Cup in 2009 and was also named the MVP. UNICS Kazan ended up 3rd of the 2009/2010 Russian Superleague season. He just signed a 2-year-deal with BC Khimki Moscow Region. In his first season with BC Khimki he was selected to play the All Star Game 2011. In April 2011 BC Khimki Moscow Region won the championship of VTB United League and Krešimir was voted the best power forward of the tournament.
Croatian national team.
Lončar is also a member of the Croatian national basketball team with which he played the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing and the Eurobasket 2009 in Poland.
Both at the Olympics and the Eurobasket Croatia ended up 6th. Therefore they are directly qualified for the 2010 FIBA World Championship in Turkey where Lončar is also part of the Croatian national team. The team has played the Eurobasket in 2011 in Lituania.

</doc>
<doc id="18611647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611647" title="Nuku">
Nuku

Nuku was a traditional province of the island of Hiva Oa in pre-European times. It did not function as a unified governmental unit, but rather as a confederation of local tribes during times of war with tribes from Hiva Oa's other province, Pepane. Nuku comprised approximately the western half of Hiva Oa's landmass, as well as the whole of the tribes of the neighboring island of Tahuata. 

</doc>
<doc id="18611658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611658" title="List of convention and exhibition centers">
List of convention and exhibition centers


</doc>
<doc id="18611678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611678" title="Wood Badge (Boy Scouts of America)">
Wood Badge (Boy Scouts of America)

Wood Badge is the highest level of adult Scout leader training available. It was first presented in England by the founder of Scouting, Baden Powell, and he introduced the program into the United States during a visit in 1936. The first course was held at the Mortimer L. Schiff Scout Reservation, but Americans did not fully adopt Wood Badge until 1948. The National BSA Council staff provided direct leadership to the program through 1958, when the increased demand encouraged them to permit local councils to deliver the training.
The program originally focused almost exclusively on Scoutcraft skills, some elements of the Patrol Method, and First Class Boy Scout requirements. In a major cultural shift during the 1970s, Wood Badge was modified to train Scouters in eleven specific leadership competencies. The National Council has updated it several times since then, and during 2001–2002 implemented an overhaul that emphasized a prototypical troop as a method for teaching team leadership and problem-solving skills. The training is delivered through a lecture classroom environment and a short outdoor camping experience. It is a key element of the overall leadership training program.
Course slowly adopted by U.S. Scouters.
Francis Gidney, the first camp chief of Gilwell Park, came to the United States in 1922 at the instigation of Walter W. Head, a member of the Boy Scouts of America National Board, and later its President. While Gidney demonstrated some of the Scoutcraft tricks from Gilwell, his ideas did not arouse interest, but were treated as entertainment by the American audience. A number of American Scouters later traveled to England and took the British Wood Badge course. These included assistant director of Volunteer Training Gunnar Berg and assistant director of camping William C. Wessel. Though the national training department approved a "Gillwill Training Camp" to be held at Camp Parsons in 1929 (conducted by John A. Stiles, the Chief Scout Executive of Canada), the prevailing attitude of the Boy Scouts of America was that American men would not set aside eight days from their busy lives to attend the course.
Shift away from the British course.
In 1935, BSA President Walter W. Head attended the eighth International Boy Scout Conference in Stockholm, Sweden. He met with James E. West, Scouting's founder Baden Powell, and his aide, Gilwell Park's second camp chief John Skinner Wilson. Wilson was persuaded to visit the United States during 1936 and spend three months teaching others about Wood Badge. During May 1936, he conducted two Wood Badge courses at Mortimer L. Schiff Scout Reservation. Wilson had been told to "follow the book" as it was done in England, which he faithfully did, including the English menu with dishes like boiled leg of lamb and boiled ham. Wilson had a reputation as a "dour Scot" and he brooked no discussion during his course. William Hillcourt was a participant in that first course and four days later, he was the senior patrol leader for the second course. He received his Wood Badge beads in 1939 and was appointed as the deputy camp director for Wood Badge.
Some American Scouters chafed under Wilson's authoritarian attitude. They found the course much too restrictive, demanding, and altogether too "British." They felt the course would not work in the United States and recommended to the National Council that the program should not be adopted, which was followed. Before further experimentation could be implemented, World War II interrupted any ideas of men taking time off for Scouting.
Adapted for American training.
After the war ended, new Gilwell Park camp chief John Thurman was interested in persuading the Boy Scouts of America to adapt Wood Badge. The new Chief Scout Executive Elbert K. Fretwell was an educator and training enthusiast. He was convinced to allow a few members of the Program Division and Volunteer Training Service to try a new National Wood Badge Course. Four national staff members were given the responsibility: Frank W. Braden (assistant director of the Program Division and national coordinator of Training), William E. Lawrence (director of the Boy Scouting Service), Joseph M Thomas (assistant director of Volunteer Training), and William "Green Bar Bill" Hillcourt (national director of Scoutcraft).
Hillcourt had received his Wood Badge beads in 1939, making him the only national staff member eligible to serve as course Scoutmaster. He was appointed "Deputy Camp Chief of the United States." The four men elected to include in the course all of the recently updated basic Boy Scout requirements for Tenderfoot to First Class, along with information on patrol work covered in the "Handbook for Patrol Leaders" (authored by Hillcourt) and troop organization and activities described in the "Handbook for Scoutmasters" (also written by Hillcourt).
They added American touches to the course. They used the names of American birds for patrol names; challenged patrols to make their own flags instead of using store-bought flags; introduced patrol totems and signatures; and added singing "Back to Gilwell" when each patrol's name was mentioned. Each member took turns as the patrol leader, and they met daily as the Patrol Leaders Council to conduct daily inspections. The staff taught course attendees basic Scout requirements and how to handle the U.S. flag. The patrols took an unsupervised patrol hike and overnight camp. Other American features included a program and a service patrol, a "cracker barrel" after each evening's event, a feast, and other ceremonies. The first course, begun on July 31, 1948, was attended by 29 men from 12 states. Although it rained on four of the nine days, the Scouters were excited by the experience and enthusiastic about sharing it with others.
New course tested.
Later in 1948, six courses were led by members of the national BSA staff, with one at Mortimer L. Schiff Scout Reservation and another at Philmont Scout Ranch. Scouters were enthusiastic about the new course. "Perhaps the finest experience we have had in 35 years of Scouting was attending the Wood Badge course in New Mexico... Any man who lived nine days in a Gilwell Troop would know how a troop is operated." The new Chief Scout of the Boy Scouts of America, Arthur A. Schuck, was a training enthusiast. He felt Wood Badge would be a great opportunity to train selected men who could return to their local councils and train others. Schuck was so enthusiastic about the Wood Badge course that he was responsible for sending invitations using his signature from his office to every participant.
National council presents program.
From 1948 through 1958, Wood Badge was presented exclusively by the National Council of the Boy Scouts of America. In 1955, John Thurman, the Camp Chief of Gilwell, toured a number of U.S. Wood Badge courses. His assessment and comments helped to continue to improve the program on both the national and local council levels. Attendees from local councils were carefully screened, needing the ""unqualified" endorsement of the Council's Leadership Training Committee and the Scout Executive." The first Cub Scout Wood Badge beads awarded to a woman were given to Rebekeh T. Weir in 1957. Her husband, Rev. Thomas E. Weir, had already received his beads, which made them the first American couple to both receive Wood Badge beads.
Through 1958, over 6000 individuals took Wood Badge and its popularity continued to expand. Local councils agitated for the opportunity to run their own Wood Badge courses. In 1953, the first council-run program was hosted by the Cincinnati Area (later Dan Beard) Council. Qualified local councils continued to provide advanced leadership training to Scoutmasters and other Scout leaders using Wood Badge. Two or more councils are allowed to join together to present Wood Badge with regional approval.
In the 1970s, the National Council moved its headquarters from North Brunswick, New Jersey to Irving, Texas, and the national training center from Mortimer L. Schiff Scout Reservation to the Philmont Training Center. However, the majority of Wood Badge courses are held throughout the country at local council camps under the auspices of each BSA region.
Change from camping to leadership.
The Wood Badge program originally focused exclusively on teaching Scoutcraft skills, the Patrol Method and First Class Scouting requirements.
White Stag program draws national attention.
Beginning in the 1950s, Béla H. Bánáthy, Chairman of the Leadership Training Committee of the Monterey Bay Area Council, formulated the idea of an experimental leadership training program. He named it White Stag Leadership Development after the white stag of Hungarian mythology, the emblem of the Fourth World Scout Jamboree, which Bela had attended when he was 14 years old. With the active interest and support of the Monterey Bay Area Council executive staff and board, Bela continually improved his experimental program. In 1963 Maury Tripp and Fran Peterson were working closely with Bela. They also served on the National Council of the Boy Scouts of America and brought the White Stag program to their attention. In November 1963, Dr. John W. Larson, a staff researcher for the National Council, observed the program's annual Indaba at the Presidio of Monterey. Impressed with what he witnessed, he recommended that the national office conduct a detailed analysis of the White Stag program.
During a thorough study, the national BSA staff interviewed participants, parents, and leaders. They distributed questionnaires to program participants, reviewed the White Stag literature, and observed the program in action. They also conducted a statistical analysis of troops taking part in White Stag and compared them to non-participating units. In December 1965, Chief Scout Executive Joseph Brunton received the "White Stag Report". It stated that offering leadership development to youth was a unique opportunity for Scouting to provide a practical benefit to youth and would add substantial support to Scouting's character development goals. It recommended that Wood Badge should be used to experiment with the leadership development principles of White Stag. The program had until this time taught the adults the same Scoutcraft skills a boy was required to learn to become a First Class Scout along with concepts of the patrol method.
Focus shifts to leadership skills.
In January 1967, John Larson, along with Bob Perin, Assistant National Director of Volunteer Training, were tasked with working with Dr. Bánáthy to write a new Wood Badge staff guide focusing on the White Stag leadership competencies.
Resistance to change.
Shifting from teaching primarily camping skills to leadership competencies was a paradigm shift. It required rethinking the underlying assumptions, concepts, practices, and values guiding how adults were trained as Scout leaders. Some individuals on the national staff and many volunteers across the nation resisted the idea of changing the focus of Wood Badge from training leaders in Scout craft to leadership skills. Among them was Bill Hillcourt, who had been the first United States Wood Badge Course Director in 1948. He remained loyal to the idea that Wood Badge should teach Scoutcraft skills. Although he had officially retired on August 1, 1965, his opinion was still sought after and respected.
Larson later reported, "He fought us all the way... He had a vested interest in what had been and resisted every change. I just told him to settle down, everything was going to be all right." Hillcourt presented an alternative to Larson's plan to incorporate leadership into Wood Badge. Chief Scout Brunton asked Larson to look at Hillcourt's plan, and Larson reported back that it was the same camping-oriented skills content, just reordered and rewritten. Larson's plan for Wood Badge was approved and he moved ahead to begin testing the proposed changes.
Pilot tests conducted.
In May 1967, participants from six councils met at Mortimer L. Schiff Scout Reservation in New Jersey to train to prepare the new course and follow-on courses. The first laboratory test was during June 1967. Participants from five councils delivered the June course and follow-on council courses. The councils represented were Del-Mar-Va Council in Wilmington, Delaware; Baltimore Area Council in Baltimore, Maryland; Valley Forge Council in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Onondaga Council in Syracuse, New York; and the National Capital Area Council in Washington, D.C.
A second experimental course was held at Philmont in New Mexico beginning on June 17, 1967. Bob Perin was Scoutmaster, Louis Adin of the Circle Ten Council in Dallas was senior patrol leader, and John Larson was assistant senior patrol leader. Participants were primarily from the councils who would conduct the next step in laboratory-testing the new program. One month later, on July 18, the Circle Ten Council presented its first new Wood Badge program at Philmont, while Bob Perin and John Larson watched from the sidelines.
In September 1967, after the program was revised, William E. Lawrence, director of the Volunteer Training Service, named six councils who would pilot-test the next phase of the experimental Wood Badge courses during 1968. The councils and Course Directors were: Monterey Bay Area Council, Béla H. Bánáthy; Piedmont Council, Don Crawford; Middle Tennessee Council, Jimmy Stevens; Del-Mar-Va Council, Bill Whisler; Hiawatha Seaway Council, Carson Buck; and the Circle Ten Council, Louis Adin.
Leaders and boys both trained.
In the Monterey Bay Area Council, Bánáthy implemented a unique approach to training both the adults and the boys. During 1967, he recruited a select group of young men and their leaders from troops in the Monterey Bay Area. The individuals were chosen to pilot-test teaching both adult leaders and their Scouts in sequence. In an application not since reproduced, all Wood Badge attendees were also asked to bring their troop to a single week of White Stag summer camp in August.
The leaders attended Wood Badge at Fort Ord, California over four weekends during January and February 1968. Joe St. Clair served as Scoutmaster, Bánáthy was course director, and Fran Petersen was Senior Patrol Leader. John Larson, who had become National Director of Education, was also present. The following August, boys from the troops of the Scoutmasters who attended Wood Badge went to the White Stag Leadership Development Program summer camp. Many of the Wood Badge staff were also present during summer camp so they could follow up on the Wood Badge participant's tickets and their application of the leadership skills learned at Wood Badge. During the summer camp, John Larson held a day-long leadership symposium for all of the youth and adults.
Experiment includes junior leader training.
The results were promising and John Larson was appointed Director of Leadership Development. He was charged with continuing support for the experiment. During 1969, Gene Rutherford of the Circle Ten Council along with the Course Directors from the pilot programs—Crawford, Stevens, Whisler and Carl Marlowe of the Hiawatha Councils—were charged with evaluating the project. They continued pilot-testing and experimenting with the program for three more years, through 1972. They also began developing an experimental junior leader training program that utilized the White Stag competencies.
The Boy Scouts also obtained funding that year from the Rockefeller Brothers Fund to evaluate the results of the unique experiment in leadership development by design. The grant underwrote continued testing of the junior leader instructor training program at the Philmont Scout Ranch in New Mexico and the Mortimer L. Schiff Scout Reservation in New Jersey.
The junior leader training program was developed and named Troop Leader Development when it was published in 1974. In 1991, it was revised and rechristened Troop Leader Training Conference, and then in 1994 Junior Leader Training Conference. It was substantially revised and renamed again in 2004 as National Youth Leadership Training.
National pilot-tests begun.
The Wood Badge course was pilot-tested still further in 1971 at Philmont, the five test councils, and in every national region excepting Region 8. In 1972, after five long years of testing and experimentation, the official new Wood Badge Staff Guide was published. The program was mandated for nation-wide implementation and included for the first time teaching leadership skills over Scoutcraft skills.
An experimental Cub Scout Trainer Wood Badge was field tested in 1976. In 1978 the National Council decided in a half-step backwards that Wood Badge needed to place greater emphasis on the practical aspects of good troop operation along with a variety of leadership exercises. Wood Badge was adopted as the official advanced training program for adult Cub Scout Leaders. The modified course blended Scoutcraft skills and troop management practices along with scaled-down content about the leadership competencies.
More recent modifications.
In 1994, the National Council revised the course content again to add key concepts based on "Ethics in Action" which had been added to Boy Scout training and literature. The leadership competencies remained an essential part of Wood Badge until 1998, when the National Council revised it again to use the unit meeting and a troop camping activity as a delivery model. This new version, re-titled "Wood Badge for the 21st Century", was initially revised to include principles of Situational Leadership. However, the Center for Leadership Studies, which owns the trademark for Situational Leadership, required the Boy Scouts to pay royalties for each Scouter attending Wood Badge nation-wide. The Wood Badge Task Force decided to describe how groups change and evolve using more generic, non-trademarked language free of royalties. The program emphasized the stages of team development based on the principles described by Bruce Tuckman in 1965 as forming-storming-norming-performing.
On January 1, 2002, the National Council required all councils to implement the updated "Wood Badge for the 21st Century" program which removed much of the Boy Scout-specific information from the program. This allowed the National Council to designate Wood Badge as the advanced leadership training program for Cub Scout, Boy Scout, Varsity Scout, Venturing, council leaders, district leaders, and professional staff. It replaced both Boy Scout Leader Wood Badge and Cub Scout Trainer Wood Badge. Unlike the prior Wood Badge course which was conducted entirely outdoors, the modified Wood Badge program is delivered through a lecture classroom environment and in a short outdoor camping experience. Participants spend the first three days in a classroom setting, and the last three days camping. Teaching aids include VCRs, laptop computers, and video projectors. Session titles include "Leading Change", "Problem Solving", "Valuing People and Leveraging Diversity", "Managing Conflict", and "Coaching and Mentoring". At the conclusion of the course, the participants are presented a multimedia presentation titled "Leaving a Legacy." It includes inspirational excerpts from the movie "Mr. Holland's Opus" and from a John Prine song "Hello in There", sung by Bette Midler.
Thus "Wood Badge for the 21st Century", at one time based on eleven leadership competencies adapted from White Stag Leadership Development during the 1960s and 1970s, was 30 years later updated, given the 21st century imprint, yet still based on generic group leadership concepts from the 1960s.
Course effectiveness.
During the 1960s and 1970s, the Boy Scouts spent more than five years studying the White Stag program before implementing a version of the program that included adaptations of the eleven competencies, but excluded the program's symbolism, spirit and traditions. All subsequent revisions have been implemented in two years or less. The actual usefulness and practical effect of Wood Badge training in the United States has never been measured. The Boy Scouts of America wrote in its "A History of Wood Badge in the United States" that:

</doc>
<doc id="18611718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611718" title="Maō">
Maō

, is a Japanese remake of the Korean suspense drama series titled "The Devil" () which aired on KBS 2TV in 2007. The drama stars Satoshi Ohno of Arashi and Toma Ikuta, both under the talent agency Johnny & Associates.
Synopsis.
Ryo Naruse (Satoshi Ohno) is a two-faced lawyer: on the surface, he is a kind-hearted soul, representing the poor and earning the nickname "The Angel Lawyer" from the press; but unbeknownst to anyone else, he is also a "devil," meticulously plotting the perfect revenge against those responsible for his younger brother's death. Naoto Serizawa (Toma Ikuta) is a gung-ho detective whose overzealous methods mask a dark past which he is trying to overcome. When a family acquaintance of Serizawa's is murdered, Serizawa is thrust in the middle of a multiple-homicide case which stirs up memories of a dark event from his past.
Opening theme song.
The theme song for this series is "Truth" by Arashi, a popular Japanese boy band which Satoshi Ohno is the leader of. In a preview of "Truth" promotional video on TBS morning entertainment news program "2jichaō", Ohno explains that the meaning of the song is very close to the content and feel of the whole drama. Arashi displayed their dancing in the promotional video of "Truth" with Ohno as the lead. It was revealed in Maō's official blog (written by the staffs / producers and posted at their official site) Ohno diligently practiced the intricate dance move in between takes because of his busy schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="18611744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611744" title="George G. Bruce">
George G. Bruce

George G. Bruce was an American drum major during the Civil War, best known for co-writing "The Drummer's and Fifer's Guide" with Daniel Decatur Emmett. "The Guide" was published in 1862, and remains well known as a source for music for the fife and drum. Bruce was a player of the drums, banjo, violin and mandolin.
His work influenced Sanford A. Moeller of the Moeller Method of drumming.

</doc>
<doc id="18611792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611792" title="Château de Goulaine">
Château de Goulaine

The Château de Goulaine is a former castle, now a château, in the Loire Valley located near Nantes, France. This castle has been home to the family of the marquis de Goulaine for over a thousand years. Château de Goulaine is also the estate-bottled wine produced at the château.
History.
In the 12th century, when the Duchy of Brittany was independent, the first Goulaine, Jean de Goulaine, then captain of the city of Nantes, fortified the estate, which is still surrounded by marshes, to defend against attacks from Normans. The Goulaine were of the old nobility, recorded in the Seventh Crusade (1248). During the Wars of Religion, the Goulaine fought for the Catholic League: Gabriel, sieur de Goulaine, at the head of fifty lancers, and his brother Jean, baron du Faouët, took the châteaux of Trogoff (Plouescat) and of Kérouzéré (Sibiril) in 1590. Gabriel was attached to the Bourbon cause in being made a marquis by Henry IV of France. The Goulaine family ownership of the estate continued uninterrupted until 1788 when it was sold to a Dutch banker. This circumstance helped save the château from destruction during the French Revolution. In 1858, a member of the Goulaine family reacquired the estate and maintains it today.
Wines.
While it is not clear exactly when the estate vineyard started producing wine for commercial use, rather than just family consumption, the millennium during which the estate of Château de Goulaine has been producing wine makes it the oldest known wine business still in existence; It is believed to be the third oldest commercial enterprise in the world. It is considered the oldest European family owned business. The castle estate is one of the last Châteaux de la Loire to still be producing wine.
In addition to producing a Muscadet, Château de Goulaine also produces a Sancerre and Vouvray as well as what is believed to be the first commercial Chardonnay in the western Loire Valley. The estate also grows some Folle blanche.
Architecture of the château.
Today the style of the château, under its high pitched slate roofs bears some comparison to the central Loire estates of Château de Blois and Château de Chambord, though Château de Goulaine was built much earlier and in a more conservative style.
The butterflies aviary.
Since 1984, hundreds of tropical butterflies are showcased in an aviary, flying freely among tropical plants. This project was initiated by Marquis Robert de Goulaine (1933-2010) himself.
LU's Museum.
In the older stables, you can visit the LU Museum. You can see the art and advertising collection of the brand of biscuits. There are 500 works of art (paintings, sculptures). The brand is very important in Nantes because the production of "le Petit Beurre" biscuits was in the "quai Baco" in the factories of the family. Today, the brand history is told with their works of art.
Beurre blanc.
According to one telling of the story, as favored by the American chef Bobby Flay, the white sauce beurre blanc was allegedly invented in the kitchen of Château de Goulaine by the head cook, Madame Clémence Lefeuvre.

</doc>
<doc id="18611798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611798" title="Banneux">
Banneux

Banneux is a small town, southeast of Liège in Belgium.
It is known because of the reported Marian apparitions of Our Lady of Banneux, also known as "Our Lady of the Poor" to a young girl called Mariette Beco.

</doc>
<doc id="18611850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611850" title="Coates Opera House">
Coates Opera House

The Coates Opera House was a prominent performing arts venue and cultural landmark in Kansas City, Missouri from its founding in 1870 to its destruction in a fire in 1901. It was built by Kersey Coates, a local hotelier. The House was the first legitimate theater in Kansas City.
Playwright and actor John A. Stevens managed the opera house for the 1871-72 and 1872-73 seasons (its second and third seasons).

</doc>
<doc id="18611894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611894" title="Achnatherum parishii">
Achnatherum parishii

Stipa parishii, formerly classified as Achnatherum parishii, is a species of grass known by the common name Parish's needlegrass. The Jepson Manual 2nd edition (2012) reclassified the plant as "Stipa parishii" var. "parishii". 
Distribution.
The bunchgrass is native to western North America from southern California and Baja California, through Arizona and Nevada, to Utah, where it grows in many types of habitat, especially chaparral and other dry habitats. It is found from in elevation. Locations include the Peninsular Ranges, Mojave Desert sky islands, southern Sierra Nevada and High Sierra, Inyo Mountains, White Mountains, and Great Basin Desert mountains.
Description.
"Stipa parishii" is a perennial bunch grass which forms tight tufts of erect stems up to about 80 centimeters tall. 
The inflorescence is up to 15 centimeters long and packed with densely hairy spikelets. Each spikelet has an awn up to about 3.5 centimeters long. It has a single kink in it, whereas the awns of many other "Stipa" species have two kinks.

</doc>
<doc id="18611911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611911" title="Roths Industries">
Roths Industries

Roths Industries, Inc. (1945 –1960) was a manufacturer of small garden tractors and other agricultural equipment founded by Herbert C. Roths in Alma, Michigan. The company manufactured Garden King Walking Tractors, BesRo Riding Tractors, and Till Ro Stalk Cutters.
History.
Herbert Carl Roths was born in Edna, Iowa in 1902 and died in St. Louis, Michigan in 1978. At the time of his first patent Herbert Roths was a resident of Alpena, Michigan and the company was in the early stages of startup. With the submission of the second patent, the late Roths had settled into Alma, in Gratiot County, Michigan.
The first patent (D146,947) was applied for by Herbert C. Roths on August 24, 1945 for the design of an ornamental tractor. This patent was awarded on June 17, 1947. At the time of the second patent (D157,432), Herbert C. Roths was an assignor to Roths Industries Inc., Alma, Michigan. The patent was applied for on December 19, 1946 and awarded on February 21, 1950. The second patent was a garden tractor design which would later become the Roths Garden King walking tractor. The first production Garden King walking tractors were sold in late 1945. Over the next few years variations built from the Garden King's parts would become available. The Roths Model-G and BesRo would borrow many production parts from the Garden King, one of which being the transmission. The company was still producing the Terrier Tractor, Country Boy and Little Jeff riding tractors as late as 1960.
Herbert Roths had two patents issued in 1970 and 1973 for a transplanting loader and transplanting machine. On these patents his name was stated as Herbert C. O. Roths located at 316 Wilson Drive, Orchard Hills, St. Louis, MI 48880.
Model W - Garden King.
The Roths Garden King-Model W is a self-propelled two-wheel tractor which was introduced sometime around 1945. The number of units produced remains unknown. According to a March 15, 1949 part list, the 6 H.P. standard Garden King walking tractor and reverse drive with 6x12 tires had a domestic shipping weight of , a net weight of , and a list price of $375.00. Later in 1954 this tractor was listed as $345.00.
These tractors may have been sold or licensed to a distributing company in 1946/1947, by the name of General Implement. General Implement sold the Garden King labeled as the GI garden tractor. This may have been a marketing strategy of Roths Industries to reach out to the national agricultural market.
In 1949, the Model "W" and "WKS" were made available.
Attachments include: Toolbar Cultivator, 6 Blade Disc (Six Blades) Draw Bar Type, 8 Blade Disc (Eight Blades) Draw Bar Type, 6 Blade Disc (Six Blades) Draw Bar Type, 8 Blade Disc (Eight inch Blades) Draw Bar Type, 14 Tooth Expanding Type Harrow (tool), Moldboard Plow with rolling coulter, Snow Blade, the Columbia III planter with Fertilizer, (Special Order) or Sickle Bar Mower, Cultipacker and Cane or Vineyard Cultivator.
Model G.
The Garden King Model W was introduced as a high crop walkbehind garden tractor but sometime in 1947 or 1948 the tractor was also available in a lower stance version. This new design came equipped with a new type ratchet differential drive based on the original Model W differential. By 1950 the tractor had become known as the Model G. To steer this type of tractor, the operator did not have to overcome the power in the drive wheels because of the differential design. When the clutch is disengaged the tractor can be easily moved in forward or backward motion. According to a 1950 magazine advertisement, the Model-G walking tractor had a list price of $175.00.
Model T – Terrier.
The Terrier Model T was introduced around 1953-1954. According to a 1954 Red Tractor Book data sheet, the Model T walking tractor had a list price of $175.00.
Attachments include: Cultivator, Bull Dozer Blade, Sickle Bar Mower, Tiller, Rotary Lawn Mower, Furrow and Hiller Plow, Weeder or Hoe attachment, Moldboard Plow, Disc, and swinging draw bar.
Columbia III Planter-Fertilizer.
In late-1947, the Columbia III Planter had been introduced along with a fertilizer attachment. According to a December 18, 1947 advertisement, the new Columbia III Planter was a power-agitated attachment which had two adjustable opening shoes. The fertilizer was sowed in two bands with the seeds planted in-between the fertilizer bands. Roths Industries stated that this eliminated the danger of damaging the seeds during germination. The planter accurately planted all types of seeds from the smallest flower seed to the largest seed, including Spanish Peanuts in the shell. Any desired seed spacing could be obtained. Roths Industries also had special seed cylinders that could be furnished to suit a wide range of requirements.
According to a March 15, 1949 part list, the Columbia III Planter with Fertilizer Attachment: Push Type Model and Tractor Mounted, both had a domestic shipping weight of , a net weight of , and a list price of $47.50. Also a Furrow Marker was available for the planter (required for Tractor Mounted use) which had a domestic shipping weight of , a net weight of , and a list price of $8.00.
Model W & Model R - BesRo.
An optional steering assembly with a sulky seat and wheels was available in 1949 to convert the Model W transmission into a riding unit. The BesRo tractor utilized a similar transmission and drive unit as the Model-W Garden King. The idea of the Model W BesRo was developed from Herbert Roths design of an ornamental tractor patent(D146,947). This original tricycle design was known as the BesRo Model W and was precursor to the BesRo Model R. The Model R BesRo used four wheels with the drive unit mounted in the rear. The riding frame was attached to the front of the transmission. The BesRo tractor was phased out of production by the mid-1950s and replaced with the Roths Country Boy.
Little Jeff.
The Roths Little Jeff was introduced sometime around 1956-1957. It is unknown exactly when these were manufactured or how many of these units were sold. These riding tractors had the following available attachments: Bulldozer Blade, Disc Harrow, Cultivator, Sickle Bar, Rotary Mower, Trailing Gang Mowers, Moldboard Plow and optional: Parallel Rear Tool Lift
Country Boy.
The Roths Country Boy was introduced sometime around 1954-1955. It is unknown how many of these units were manufactured. These riding tractors had the following attachments available: Bulldozer Blade, Disc Harrow, Cultivator, Sickle Bar, Rotary Mower, Trailing Gang Mowers, Moldboard Plow and optional: Parallel Rear Tool Lift

</doc>
<doc id="18611915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611915" title="Bahá'í Faith in New Caledonia">
Bahá'í Faith in New Caledonia

The Bahá'í Faith in New Caledonia was first mentioned by `Abdu'l-Bahá in 1916, though the first Bahá'í arrived in 1952 during a temporary visit because of restrictive policies on English-speaking visitors. In 1961 Jeannette Outhey was the first New Caledonian to join the religion and with other converts and pioneers elected the first Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly of Nouméa. The Bahá'í National Spiritual Assembly of New Caledonia was elected in 1977. Multiplying its involvements through to today, the 2001 population was reported at 1,070. The Association of Religion Data Archives (relying on World Christian Encyclopedia) estimated some 955 Bahá'ís in 2005.
First mention.
The first mention of New Caledonia in Bahá'í literature is in a series of letters, or tablets, to the followers of the religion in the United States in 1916–1917 by `Abdu'l-Bahá, then head of the religion, asking the followers of the religion to travel to other countries; these letters were compiled together in the book titled Tablets of the Divine Plan. The seventh of the tablets was the first to mention several island nations in the Pacific Ocean. Written on 11 April 1916, it was delayed in being presented in the United States until 1919 – after the end of World War I and the Spanish flu. The seventh tablet was translated and presented by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab on 4 April 1919, and published in Star of the West magazine on 12 December 1919.
"A party speaking their languages, severed, holy, sanctified and filled with the love of God, must turn their faces to and travel through the three great island groups of the Pacific Ocean—Polynesia, Micronesia and Melanesia, and the islands attached to these groups, such as New Guinea, Borneo, Java, Sumatra, Philippine Islands, Solomon Islands, Fiji Islands, New Hebrides, Loyalty Islands, New Caledonia, Bismarck Archipelago, Ceram, Celebes, Friendly Islands, Samoa Islands, Society Islands, Caroline Islands, Low Archipelago, Marquesas, Hawaiian Islands, Gilbert Islands, Moluccas, Marshall Islands, Timor and the other islands. With hearts overflowing with the love of God, with tongues commemorating the mention of God, with eyes turned to the Kingdom of God, they must deliver the glad tidings of the manifestation of the Lord of Hosts to all the people."
Early phase.
Governmental policies in the area.
As a special member of the former Second French colonial empire today's New Caledonia has a Sui generis relationship with France. The French government oversight of the islands of French Polynesia included an immigration policy of denying non-French speakers/citizens long-term residency in French Overseas Territories. English speaking Australians Bahá'ís were thus ineligible for permanent residency. Consequently, Australian Bahá'í pioneers were itinerant rather than permanent, and frequently returned to Australia or travelled between colonies when their visas expired. Access to the Loyalty Islands was even more restrictive as they were designated off-limits to all Europeans, including French citizens.
Pioneers and converts.
Shoghi Effendi, head of the religion after the death of `Abdu'l-Bahá, communicated about New Caledonia in several letters: 3 June 1952, 30 April 1953, 7 May 1953, 31 December 1954, 24 January 1956, 3 May 1956 and 15 February 1957, before he died in November 1957. Overall there was poor growth of the Bahá'í community in the French Overseas Territories in the period following World War II including New Caledonia which contrasted strongly with other areas of the Pacific ("see, for example, Bahá'í Faith in Vietnam").
In this atmosphere of restricted visits, the first pioneer to reach New Caledonia was Australia's Margaret Rowling in early 1952 followed closely by Mariette Bolton in February the same year. While visiting Noumea, Bolton went to Bourail and Voh communes. Francois Feminier is mentioned as a convert by July 1952 but may not have been a resident. In January 1955 Rowling described her experiences in New Caledonia in talks at Yerrinbool Bahá'í School in Australia. Daniel Haumont became a Bahá'í in the Society Islands in early 1955, and travelled to the Loyalty Islands in October 1955 and was named a Knight of Bahá'u'lláh.
A Persian family, the Sohailis, denied entrance to Australia because of Australia's White Australia policy was able to pioneer to New Caledonia in 1955. In 1958 representatives from the Bahá'í community of New Caledonia attended the 1958 intercontinental conference held in Sydney Australia. By 1959 translations in the Ajië language (also called Houailou) were available.
In 1961 the first citizens of New Caledonia converted to the religion. Perhaps the first resident Bahá'í was Jeannette Outhey. She accepted the religion in Thio on the north side of the island on 10 June 1961. In the same year the first people from the Loyalty Islands converted to the religion – they were a husband and wife who joined the religion in Nouméa on the south side of the main island but whose home was on Maré Island. By the end of 1961 there were enough Bahá'ís to form a Local Spiritual Assembly in Nouméa with a smaller community in Thio. Outhey took part actively in 1961 in the election of the first Local Spiritual Assembly of Nouméa and served on that body for nineteen consecutive years before serving in other capacities.
In 1962 Hand of the Cause Collis Featherstone travelled between 3 October and 12 November with an itinerary that included Nouméa among many stops. A regional National Spiritual Assembly had been elected in 1959 to whose annual convention a delegate from the Nouméa spiritual assembly attended first in 1963. Jean Sevin, who was designated a Knight of Bahá'u'lláh to the Tuamotu Archipelago region, was the only French Bahá'í to pioneer in the Pacific during the Ten Year Crusade. In 1968, at the request of the Universal House of Justice, Sevin moved to New Caledonia, settling in Nouméa.
National Spiritual Assembly.
In 1964 the regional national assembly was divided into separate regional national assemblies with one based in Honiara, serving the South West Pacific Ocean (Solomon Islands, New Caledonia, Loyalty Is, New Hebrides). Later in 1971, the Solomon Islands formed their own National Assembly and the seat of the National Spiritual Assembly (NSA) of the South West Pacific Ocean was transferred from Honiara in the Solomon Islands to Nouméa. The same year pioneers for Tuamotus were identified. The NSA was composed of Bahá'ís from New Hebrides, New Caledonia and the Loyalty Islands. In 1977, the National Spiritual Assembly of New Caledonia and Loyalty Islands was elected.
Multiplying interests and growth.
Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. In 1975 the assembly of Maré hosted a Women's Congress and the community of Noumea was visited by a Baha'í traveler who shared stories of his father meeting Bahá'u'lláh, the founder of the religion. The religion entered a new phase of activity when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Bahá'ís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Bahá'í teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. Worldwide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognized Bahá'í socio-economic development projects. By 1987, the number of officially recognized development projects had increased to 1482. The Bahá'í community in New Caledonia has participated in a number of events in New Caledonia. In 1988, and then again 1991, the Bahá'í International Community, who were meeting in New Caledonia, offered statements at the Secretariat of the Pacific Community; the statements summarized Bahá'í projects across the Pacific basin by the Bahá'ís on projects related to initiatives of the United Nations (in this case "Health, Education, and the Role of Women" and "Health and Nutrition").
In 1999, New Caledonian Bahá'í were attendees of "Partnerships for the Next Millennium" international conference by the Office for the Advancement of Women of the Bahá'í community of Australia, and then in 2000 the New Caledonia Bahá'í National Women's Association was established and based in Anse Vata.
In 2005, for the 80th anniversary of the Bahá'í Faith, in Fiji the New Caledonian Bahá'í community contributed a Cook Pine in memory of those Bahá'ís who have been killed in Iran (see Persecution of Bahá'ís). In 2007 representatives from New Caledonia National Spiritual Assembly addressed the delegates to the national convention for the election of the national spiritual assembly of the Bahá'ís of New Zealand on the occasion of their 50th anniversary.
Growth.
Growth by conversion had been sporadic but accelerating by the end of the 1970s. In the 1970s a number of gatherings of Bahá'ís resulted in teams of people who cooperated in efforts to bring the religion to the attention of people in New Caledonia. In one nine-week period in early 1977 29 people converted to the religion; 12 being from the town of Thio alone, and three more are from the Loyalty Islands. In 1978 Meherangiz Munsiff, a Bahá'í from Great Britain, attracted publicity. In Nouméa, Munsiff participated in a one and one-half-hour television broadcast mentioning Bahá'í teachings on the role of women which was transmitted to many places in the South Pacific. In 1979 Bahá'ís sources state there were seven assemblies and 24 additional localities with at least one Bahá'í, plus six assemblies and 24 localities of at least one Bahá'í in the Loyalty Islands.
In the 1980s larger group dynamics began to come into play. In 1982 Bahá'ís in the Loyalty Islands from Maré Island built a Bahá'í center for the Bahá'ís of Nakéty of Canala province of the main island, in a traditional style – at the dedication some 100 non-Bahá'ís and village elders were moved by the act of service from one community to another. In 1986 tribal chiefs accepted news of the religion with enthusiasm when they understood that progressive revelation from a Bahá'í point of view neither negated nor condemned previous religions, and indeed their own tribal faith predicted the coming of a great "Peacemaker."
In 1990 in classes by Helen Perkins, a Bahá'í from Australia, aspects of the religion were emphasized as well as giving a chance to respond to questions of Bahá'ís. She also spoke at a large gathering.
Demographics.
A 2001 estimate for the number of Bahá'ís in the countrly was listed at 0.50% of the national population or 1,070 individuals with an annual growth rate of +2.1% by Operation World. The Association of Religion Data Archives (relying on World Christian Encyclopedia) estimated some 880 Bahá'ís in 2005. The Association of Religion Data Archives (relying on World Christian Encyclopedia) estimated some 955 Bahá'ís in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18611922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611922" title="Southroads Mall">
Southroads Mall

Southroads Mall is an enclosed shopping mall at 1001 Fort Crook Road in Bellevue, Nebraska. Fort Crook Road was U.S. Route 75 until the early 1990s, replaced by the Kennedy Freeway.
History.
Developed by the Brandeis Investment Corp., Southroads opened in 1966 with an Omaha based department store, Brandeis, and J.C. Penney as anchors. The mall has of retail space, which was modeled after the success of Omaha's Crossroads Mall, which was also developed by Brandeis. Southroads was developed within the Southroads Complex near a Sears, which had been open since 1964.
Originally, Southroads Mall was only a one level mall in the beginning but later on, the bottom level of the mall came to be. The remodel would also include a food court, a movie theater, an expansion of both anchors, an elevator, 2 escalators and stairs built on both ends in the mall. It also received a heavy makeover on the inside and outside with a new mall area being built connected outwards. This lead us out of the 60's look of Southroads into a newer 80's look for the mall.
Brandeis was purchased by Younkers in 1987, and converted to the Younkers name, but the store was closed in 1996. It remained a popular mall into the early 1990s; on most Saturdays, the food court would be packed. After the painful economic loss of Younkers, the J.C. Penney anchor was converted to a clearance center in 1999 and was closed in 2003.
Conversion to Office Complex.
As retail outlets closed, retail space was converted to office space. TD Ameritrade, headquartered out of Omaha, began leasing space at the mall in 1998, eventually taking over the former Brandeis/Younkers space. PayPal leased space in the former JCPenney, along with CoSentry. TD Ameritrade began shifting employee from Southroads in 2011 and consolidate their offices in West Omaha.
Reverting to Mall Format.
Southroads is in the process of reverting and returning to its original Mall format. Within Southroads is a board open to the people confirming a renovation project titled Southroads "Mall" Renovation. The project is currently being done by Julie Hockney. No one has heard when this will be completed. New storefronts have been being fixed up as well as a new store coming to Southroads also.

</doc>
<doc id="18611939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611939" title="Michael Hughes (serial killer)">
Michael Hughes (serial killer)

Michael Hughes (born c. 1956) is an American serial killer convicted and sentenced to life without parole for the murders of four women and girls in California, and later, in another trial, sentenced to death for the murders of three other women.
Victims.
Authorities suspect there may have been other victims. , detectives were investigating Hughes' possible involvement in other killings around the U.S. While Hughes was in the navy he spent time in Michigan, San Diego, Long Beach and Frostburg, Maryland.
First trial.
In December 1993, Hughes, a security guard, was arrested in Culver City. In 1998, he was convicted and given a life sentence without parole for the strangling murders of Teresa Ballard, Brenda Bradley, Terri Myles and Jamie Harrington.
Ballard, 26, was found in Los Angeles' Jesse Owens County Park on September 23, 1992. The other victims were found dumped in alleys in a Culver City commercial area: 38-year-old Bradley; Myles, 33, found on November 8, 1993; and Harrington, 29, found on November 14, 1993.
Second trial.
On July 3, 2008, Hughes was charged with sexually assaulting and strangling two women and two teenage girls in the Los Angeles area between 1986 and 1993, after homicide detectives linked him to DNA samples from the victims using new forensic technologies. The case of Deanna Wilson, 30, who was found in a garage on August 30, 1990, was later dropped, but was used by prosecutors to establish Hughes' pattern. 
Hughes killed 15-year-old Yvonne Coleman on January 22, 1986. Her body was found in a park in Inglewood, California. The other two were killed in Los Angeles. Verna Williams, 36, was discovered in a stairwell on May 26, 1986. She was considered at the time to be a victim of the prolific, still unidentified serial killer known as the Southside Slayer. Deborah Jackson, 32, was found on June 25, 1993.
Hughes was convicted in November 2011 and sentenced to death in June 2012 for the murders of Coleman, Williams, and McKinley. Hughes motion to reduce his sentence to life without parole, based on upsetting events from his early life, namely that he was beaten as a child and had watched his mother give his sister an abortion, was denied.

</doc>
<doc id="18611952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611952" title="List of appearances of Monument Valley in the media">
List of appearances of Monument Valley in the media

Monument Valley has been featured in many forms of media since the 1930s. It is perhaps most famous for its use in many John Ford films, including "Stagecoach" (1939) and "The Searchers" (1956). It has also been featured in the film "Easy Rider" (1969), Robert Zemeckis' film "Forrest Gump", Clint Eastwood's film "Eiger Sanction" (1975), and recently the popular United Kingdom television show "Doctor Who" in the two episodes "The Impossible Astronaut" and "Day of the Moon".
The twin buttes of Monument Valley ("the Mittens"), the "Totem Pole", and the Ear of the Wind arch, among other features, have developed iconic status. They have appeared in many television programs, commercials, and Hollywood movies, especially Westerns.

</doc>
<doc id="18611961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611961" title="Herbert Ernst Groh">
Herbert Ernst Groh

Herbert Ernst Groh (27 May 190528 July 1982) was a popular Swiss tenor.
Groh was born in Lucerne and subsequently studied in Zurich and Milan. One of his teachers was Carl Beines, who also taught Richard Tauber.
He began his operatic singing career in Darmstadt in 1926, with engagements following in Frankfurt and Cologne and a successful tour of Italy in 1927, where he also began to make his first recordings using the name of Ernesto Groh. He then started to appear on German radio and devoted himself to developing a career as a recording artist - also making films, but soon giving up the stage - a career that lasted well into the LP era of the 1950s.
He died in 1982 at Norderstedt, near Hamburg.
Critical appreciation.
Like Marcel Wittrisch, Groh is inevitably compared to his contemporary Richard Tauber. According to Alan Blyth: " "Groh . . . is fonder yet than Tauber of unwritten touches of quite exceptional delicacy, and surpasses his older coeval in sheer technical control." "
Recordings.
A selection of Groh's recordings were released in 1990 by Pavilion Records on Pearl (GEMM CD 9419).

</doc>
<doc id="18611969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611969" title="W-League (Australia)">
W-League (Australia)

The W-League is the top division of women's association football in Australia. Established in 2008, the league is composed of eight teams of which seven are affiliated with clubs in the A-League. The eighth team based in Canberra. As the league is sponsored by the Westfield Group, it is now known as the Westfield W-League.
Competition format.
The W-League's season typically runs from November to February and consists of 12 rounds. The top four teams in the regular season advance to the semi-finals with the champion determined by the victor of the Grand Final.
History.
Establishment.
After the Australia women's national football team qualified for the quarterfinals of the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup in China for the first time, head coach Tom Sermanni felt the establishment of a professional league was vital for continuing the development of players. The Football Federation Australia established the league the following year. The W-League was initially composed of eight teams: Adelaide United, Brisbane Roar, Central Coast Mariners, Melbourne Victory, Newcastle Jets, Perth Glory, and Sydney FC. Seven of the eight teams were affiliated with the inaugural Australian A-League clubs, and shared their names and colours to promote their brands. The eighth club was the Canberra-based Canberra United.
The Central Coast Mariners were forced to withdraw from the 2010–11 season due to a lack of funding and have yet to return.
Inaugural season, 2008.
The W-League's inaugural season commenced on 25 October 2008, with Perth Glory hosting Sydney FC at Members Equity Stadium. After ten rounds, Queensland Roar were the top-placed team, becoming the first W-League premiers, and advancing to the semi-finals along with the second-, third- and fourth-placed teams. They faced Canberra United in the W-League Grand Final 2009, defeating them 2–0 to take the champions trophy.
One game per week (the 3:00 pm Saturday game) was broadcast live nationwide on ABC1. The teams in the W-League have a salary cap of A$150,000 for the entire squad. By comparison, the salary cap for clubs in the corresponding men's competition, the A-League, is A$2.35 million.
Expansion.
When the Western Sydney Wanderers joined the A-League for the 2012–13 season, they also entered a team into the W-League, returning the competition to eight teams.
Organisation.
Broadcasting.
Live matches are broadcast nationwide on ABC1 each Sunday at 3:00pm. Beginning in the 2013-14 season, Fox Sports will also broadcast two matches during the season. The matches will be part of W-League / A-League doubleheaders. During the 2012-13 season, several W-League matches were aired on community radio station, 98.0 North West, and online via the station's website and iPhone app.
Stadiums.
Primary venues currently used in the W-League:
Other venues previously used by W-League clubs include:
1Central Coast Mariners played this fixture as a home game against Canberra United.
2Sydney FC played this fixture as a home game against Perth Glory. It is also a 'curtain raiser' to the second game, to be played by the Mariners. Central Coast Mariners played this fixture as a home game against Melbourne Victory.
Referees.
The W-League features Women Referees and Assistant Referees from Australia. Referees include:
Champions and premiers.
Queensland Roar changed their name to Brisbane Roar for the 2009 season.
Individual honours.
League awards.
The league presents annual awards for outstanding achievements including: 
W-League all-time top scorers.
Shows players at current club or last club played for.
(*) Denotes players who have played for more than one W-League team.
Last updated 23 February 2014
Current and past foreign players in the league.
Due to the W-League's season running during the off-season of several leagues around the world, many foreign players have played for teams in the league. Many players from countries such as Canada, England, Germany, Japan, New Zealand, the United States, and Wales have participated throughout the history of the league.

</doc>
<doc id="18611992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18611992" title="East Kilbride Shopping Centre">
East Kilbride Shopping Centre

East Kilbride Shopping Centre is Scotland's largest undercover shopping centre at 106,030 sq m (1,141,297 sq ft) and is the uk's 17th largest .It is situated in East Kilbride, South Lanarkshire.
Shopping Malls.
The centre is made up of 6 different malls.
These 6 different malls were built at different times, with some being complete builds from scratch and others having been streets which were later roofed.
Centre West
Centre West is he newest area of the shopping centre, being finished in 2003. It has two2 storeys, with the largest shop at the end of the Centre, Debenhams having an extra two floors. In addition, a multi-storey carpark is attached on the end (Centre West Car Park). The Centre West stands on the ground of what used to be the HMRC 'Centre 1' building. Centre West has 53 units within it, around eight of which currently lay empty.
The Roslynnia
The Plaza
Prince's Mall
Prince's Square
Southgate
Fennessey Gate

</doc>
<doc id="18612009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612009" title="List of people from San Marcos, Texas">
List of people from San Marcos, Texas

This is a list of people from San Marcos, Texas in the United States.
Native residents.
The following people were born in San Marcos. Some became famous after moving away.
Residents.
These people are or were well known for living in San Marcos. They are either non-native, or a birthplace has not yet been confirmed.

</doc>
<doc id="18612026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612026" title="Twin Lakes Brewing Company">
Twin Lakes Brewing Company

Twin Lakes Brewing Company is an American brewing company. Its brewery and taproom are on Twin Lakes Farm in Greenville, Delaware, near the DuPont Historic Corridor.
History.
The Twin Lakes Brewing Company was founded in Greenville, Delaware in April, 2006.
Products.
The Twin Lakes Brewing Company produces approximately 10,000 barrels of beer per year. Beers produced by Twin Lakes include Route 52 Pilsner, Greenville Pale Ale, Tweeds Tavern Stout, Winterthur Spring Wheat Ale, Jubilicous Holiday Ale, and Caesar Rodney Golden Ale. The names of these beers come from the rich history of the brewery and its surrounding area. The newest addition to the Twin Lakes family of beers is the Oktoberfest, which is being brewed in a very limited supply through the month of September. Twin Lakes beer is available throughout Delaware, and, starting on May 16, 2009, Pennsylvania. The brewery plans to expand sales into Maryland and New Jersey in the coming year or two as well.
Green energy.
Twin Lakes new 2-kilowatt solar energy panels were recently installed. Twin Lakes' plans include making the entire brewery completely energy independent in the near future.
There are upcoming plans for a small hydroelectric generator running in the upper of the two lakes and more solar panels will be going in, “We’re proud that Route 52 is the first scenic byway in the State of Delaware and we want to protect the heritage and environment here.”

</doc>
<doc id="18612032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612032" title="Achnatherum pinetorum">
Achnatherum pinetorum

Achnatherum pinetorum is a species of grass known by the common names pinewoods needlegrass and pine needlegrass. It is native to most of the western United States from California to Montana to New Mexico, where it grows in woodland and forest in rocky mountainous areas.
Description.
"Achnatherum pinetorum" is a perennial bunchgrass forming tight bunches of erect stems generally between 10 and 50 centimeters tall. The hairlike leaf blades are under a millimeter wide. 
The inflorescence is up to about long and branched but with the branches running parallel against the main stalk. Each spikelet is coated densely in long hairs and has an awn up to long with two kinks in it.

</doc>
<doc id="18612058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612058" title="2007–08 HV71 season">
2007–08 HV71 season

The 2007–08 HV71 season began September 24, 2007 against Frölunda HC. It was the club's 24th season in the Swedish elite league Elitserien.
After winning their game against Modo Hockey in overtime on February 28, HV71 clinched the regular season league title, for a total of three times. HV71 won the playoffs on April 18, winning the sixth game in the finals by 3-2 and the series 4-2 against Linköpings HC. This was their third time becoming Swedish Champions in the club's history.
Playoffs.
HV71 ended the 2007–08 regular season as the league winner and first seed. HV71 chose to meet the eight seed, Skellefteå AIK, in the quarterfinals and defeated them in five games. HV71 played the fifth seed, Timrå IK, in the semifinals. Timrå was defeated in six games. In the finals HV71 defeated Linköpings HC, the second seed, in six games, winning the series with 4-2.
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalties in Minutes"
Regular season
Playoffs
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; TOI = Time On Ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; OTW = Overtime Wins; OTL = Overtime Losses GA = Goals Against; SO = Shutouts; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Regular season
Playoffs
Draft picks.
HV71 players picked at the 2008 NHL Entry Draft in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18612062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612062" title="Edgardo Fuentes">
Edgardo Fuentes


</doc>
<doc id="18612076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612076" title="Young's Market Company Building">
Young's Market Company Building

Young's Market Company Building built in 1924 is an historic building located at 1610 West 7th Street, corner South Union Avenue, in the Westlake neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. 
The building features marble columns and a terra-cotta frieze. Originally a liquor warehouse and office building, it has been renovated into 44 live-work lofts in 1997. The original architect was Charles F. Plummer.
On June 15, 2004 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18612106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612106" title="Will Johnson (Canadian football)">
Will Johnson (Canadian football)

William Alexander Johnson (born December 4, 1964) was a Canadian Football League defensive lineman who played nine seasons in the CFL, mainly for the Calgary Stampeders. Johnson was a five-time All Star and won a Grey Cup with Calgary in 1992. He started his career in the NFL, playing for the Chicago Bears in 1987, where he was a linebacker.

</doc>
<doc id="18612114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612114" title="List of Top 40 singles for 1980–89 in Australia">
List of Top 40 singles for 1980–89 in Australia

The following lists the top 40 (end of decade) charting singles on the Australian Singles Charts, for the 1980s. These were the best charting singles in Australia for the 1980s. The source for this decade is the "Kent Music Report", known from 1987 onwards as the "Australian Music Report".
These charts are calculated by David Kent of the Kent Music Report and they are based on the number of weeks and position the records reach within the top 100 singles for each week.
See also.
List of Top 40 albums for 1980-1989 in Australia

</doc>
<doc id="18612120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612120" title="Robert Berning">
Robert Berning

Robert Berning (January 25, 1935 – July 19, 2008) was an American grocer and principal wine buyer for Trader Joe's specialty grocery store chain beginning in the 1970s. He was credited with introducing American consumers to low-cost, bargain imported wines while working with Trader Joe's.
Biography.
Robert Berning was born in Avalon on Santa Catalina Island, California, on January 25, 1935. His father worked as a greenskeeper on a Santa Catalina golf course. 
Early career.
Berning began his career in the grocery industry at the age of 16 when he took a job at King Cole Markets in Whittier, California, in 1951. He was promoted to store supervisor at King Cole a few years afterwards. Soon he developed an interest in selling wines which had been imported from Europe.
Trader Joe's.
Berning was hired by Pronto Markets, a chain of convenience stores based in Los Angeles in 1965. Pronto Markets was in the midst of its transformation from a convenience store to the Trader Joe's specialty grocery chain, which would officially be founded in 1967. Wines became a very important focus of the newly founded Trader Joe's and Berning would play a key part in that success. Joe Coulombe, the founder of Trader Joe's, said in an interview with the Los Angeles Times that Berning was brought into the company's main office in 1970 because he had expressed interest in wines. 1970 also coincided with the time that Trader Joe's began its "aggressive wine merchandising," which meant that Trader Joe's began offering wines at lower prices than had been previously available in the marketplace.
Berning quickly became Trader Joe's head wine buyer. He is credited with building Trader Joe's private wine label program. Berning's program offered wines from around the world under the Trader Joe's label. These wines were allowed to be sold at very inexpensive prices because of the Trader Joe's branded label. Under California law at the time, there were fair trade provisions for alcoholic beverages which made it illegal to sell wines at a cheaper price than branded competitors, such as Gallo's. Berning's program simply "got around" the alcohol fair trade laws by offering their own wines under the Trader's Joe brand, the Trader Joe's Winery label. The program was a huge success, which helped Trader Joe's stay competitive in wine retailing for eight years until the alcohol fair trade laws were abolished in 1978.
Coulombe credited Berning with innovating Trader Joe's ability to buy and distribute lower-cost wines to their own stores without the use of traditional wholesalers. Trader Joe's, in turn, is credited as one of the pioneers which popularized wine in the United States. Under Berning's guidance, Trader Joe's began offering selections from small California wineries, some of which later became well-known brands themselves, including Heitz Wine Cellars, Mirassou Winery and Schramsberg. Berning traveled throughout California and the world to find wines for sale in Trader Joe's. Berning was featured in a series of radio commercials in the late 1980s and early 1990s in the Los Angeles metropolitan area.
Berning retired from Trader Joe's in the middle of the 1990s. However, his legacy of marketing higher-quality, low-cost wines at the company continue. For example, the popularity of Charles Shaw wines, which has been nicknamed "Two Buck Chuck" for its $1.99 price.
Later life.
Berning moved to Fallbrook, California, with his family following his retirement from Trader Joe's. He purchased a ranch where he grew limes and avocados. He continued to work within the wine industry as a consultant for Plume Ridge, import company based in San Dimas, California, which is owned by his daughter, Christina. He worked for the company until his illness in early 2008.
Robert Berning died at his home in Fallbrook of bone cancer on July 19, 2008, at the age of 73. His wife, Nancy Anne Vigil-Berning died of cancer on October 11, 2005. He was survived by his daughters, Christina, Nanette Berning-Pate and Julia Berning-Escamilla; and his son, Craig.

</doc>
<doc id="18612179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612179" title="USS Plumas County (LST-1083)">
USS Plumas County (LST-1083)

USS "Plumas County" (LST-1083) was an "LST-542"-class tank landing ship in the United States Navy. Unlike many of her class, which received only numbers and were disposed of after World War II, she survived long enough to be named. On 1 July 1955, all LSTs still in commission were named for US counties or parishes; "LST-1083" was given the name Plumas County, after Plumas County, California.
She was built in Ambridge, Pennsylvania by the American Bridge Company, and was launched on 14 January 1945. She passed through the Panama Canal and saw combat action at Midway, Wake Island, the Marshall Islands, Guam, Saipan, the Mariana Islands, Leyte in the Philippines, and Okinawa. 
She was the first LST to drop anchor in Japanese waters after the atom bomb was dropped, and was present at the signing of the Japanese surrender.
She returned to San Francisco after the war, and was decommissioned in August 1946. She was recommissioned on 8 September 1950 and served in the Korean War, finally returning to California in July 1954. She was named "Plumas County" on 1 July 1955 and spent the rest of her career operating off California, and in the Pacific, carrying out joint amphibious exercises with Nationalist China and South Korea. She was placed in reserve at Sasebo on 22 August 1961, and was transferred to the Military Sea Transportation Service in December 1965.
"Plumas County" earned one battle star during World War II and three battle stars during the Korean War.

</doc>
<doc id="18612186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612186" title="Dunnellen Hall">
Dunnellen Hall

Dunnellen Hall is a private mansion located in Greenwich, Connecticut, USA. It was sold by the estate of Leona Helmsley for $35 million down from the original asking price of $125 million when it was first put up on the market in 2008.
Dunnellen Hall was built for New York City financier Daniel G. Reid as a gift for his daughter in 1918. Dunnellen Hall was built for approximately $6 million. The approximately mansion originally sat on over , but is currently situated on just over 40. It was purchased in 1983 by Leona Helmsley and her husband Harry for US$11 million. According to the Greenwich Historical Society, Dunnellen Hall is one of the last intact historic estates left in Greenwich.

</doc>
<doc id="18612191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612191" title="Mamyan">
Mamyan

Mamyan is a small village in Jhelum District, in the Punjab (Pakistan) province of Pakistan. It is located at an altitude of 223 metres (734 ft).
Economy.
Most income is generated from people settled abroad mainly the UK and Spain. The main crop is wheat, corn and rice are also grown if weather is right. The River Bunhar is a growing threat to crops and fields.
There are now many shops run by local villagers selling everything from produce to beauty products.
Mamyan is becoming a prospering village with many new outstanding houses being built over the last ten years.
The violence that blighted the village over last few decades is now decreasing meaning more harmony in the village.
However, rising food prices coupled with high rates of unemployment, means most residents struggle to eke out a living in a difficult environment.
Location.
The village is located 20 km south-west of Jhelum city, 3 km West of River Jhelum and 0.5 km North of River Bunhar.
Nearby settlements include:
Famous people.
Haji Master Hanif
Ex- Headmaster 
Mamyan Middle School
Haji Hanif or Master Hanif as he is affectionately known as by the whole generation of the people of Mamyan.
Master Hanif worked tirelessly to make the school from a primary school to a middle school back in the mid 70's.
This provided valuable education for local Mamyan children and meant they no longer had to go to Chotlla or Chakri to continue their middle school education.
The middle school also benefitted many other surrounding villages because they started sending their kids from Jagta, Chak Mehmda, Alang etc. to Mamyan because Mamyan was a lot closer.
Javed Iqbal
British Citizen
Born in Mamyan
Javed is a well known local community figure in Wakefield UK. Born in Mamyan in 1966, but settled in the UK since age of 12.
Javed has been involved in many community projects like melas, galas, arts events, cultural diversity events etc. and has promoted the village of Mamyan to a wider audience.
Javed is also a local community correspondent for The Wakefield Express which is a weekly publication in Wakefield UK and stood as a candidate for The Labour Party in 2012 Local Council Elections.

</doc>
<doc id="18612202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612202" title="Murray Cammick">
Murray Cammick

Murray Cammick is a New Zealand popular music journalist, photographer and record label founder. He has been a significant figure in New Zealand popular music since the late 1970s.
History.
Born in Auckland, Cammick, a school teacher and collector of soul music, launched "Rip It Up" magazine with Alastair Dougal in July 1977 as a free magazine. Initially ignored by the local record industry, the magazine quickly found favour with local bands. It struggled to survive until CBS Records came on board with a commitment to advertise in 1978.
With a staff of one for many years, Cammick operated as editor, publisher, photographer and layout artist as his readership grew. His support for early New Zealand indie labels such as Propeller Records and Flying Nun Records played a huge part in their success.
"Extra", a short lived quarterly addition in 1980, did not survive. He launched "Cha-Cha", a street style magazine edited by future Academy Awards winner Ngila Dickson, in 1983 and "Shake", a pop magazine, in 1986.
Over the years "Rip It Up", its magazines and its take-no-prisoners approach to journalism provided a crucial training ground for many New Zealand writers and journalists. Amongst those who received their grounding there are Louise Chunn, Russell Brown, Chris Bourke and Chad Taylor. Tax problems forced Cammick to sell the group in 1994 to publisher Barry Colman (publisher of the "National Business Review") but he remained as editor until 1998.
In 1989 he launched the first of his record labels, Southside Records. The label released many of the earliest New Zealand hip hop recordings, including albums by the Upper Hutt Posse, Moana and the Moahunters, MC OJ & Rhythm Slave and the earliest released work of the Fuemana family (as Houseparty).
Wildside Records, a rock music label, was launched in 1991. Wildside's roster included Shihad, Head Like A Hole, Rumblefish, Second Child, Hallelujah Picassos, Dead Flowers and, for a time, Bailter Space. Cammick's financial commitment, drive and belief were crucial to the later success of Shihad. A third label, Felix, was for the more pop acts signed by Cammick.
His radio shows on Radio bFM (Land Of the Good Groove) from 1983 til 1993, and George FM (Soulfinger), have had a large and dedicated following. In November 2012 Land of the Good Groove returned to 95bFM and currently airs there.

</doc>
<doc id="18612222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612222" title="Jerry A. Moore, Jr.">
Jerry A. Moore, Jr.

Jerry Alexander Moore, Jr. (born June 12, 1918), is a retired Baptist minister and former politician in Washington, D.C. He served as pastor of the Nineteenth Street Baptist Church for 50 years. In 1974, Moore was elected as a Republican to be an at-large member of the Council of the District of Columbia in the first election after home rule was established; he held that position for 10 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18612228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612228" title="Achnatherum speciosum">
Achnatherum speciosum

Achnatherum speciosum is a species of grass known by the common name desert needlegrass. It is native to much of the south-western United States from California to Colorado, where it grows in dry areas, especially sagebrush habitat. It is also known from Mexico and parts of South America. 
This is a short perennial bunchgrass reaching a maximum height of 1–2 ft. The leaf blades are less than a millimeter wide and rolled along the edges. The bases are stiff and remain as the dense grass clump dries. The inflorescence is up to about 2 inches long and is dense and fluffy. Each spikelet is very hairy and has a bent awn up to about a centimeter long which is coated in long hairs.
The stiff awn and the sharp tip of the spikelet make the seeds hazardous for animals. The hairs on the seed help in catch in animal coats and drift on the wind for dispersal. The awn also twists when wet, helping the seed bury itself in the soil.

</doc>
<doc id="18612245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612245" title="Gustav Pick">
Gustav Pick

Gustav Pick (1832–1921), born in Rechnitz, Austria, was a musician and composer of Viennese songs. He created one of the most popular Wienerlieder, the Fiakerlied. The first time it was sung by the famous actor Alexander Girardi.

</doc>
<doc id="18612259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612259" title="Web of the Romulans">
Web of the Romulans

Web of the Romulans is a "" novel written by M. S. Murdock.
Plot.
A deadly virus causes desperate Romulans to invade Canara and incite a battle with the U.S.S. Enterprise. Captain Kirk, fully willing to get the antidote to the Romulans, has to deal with the ship's central computer. It has developed romantic feelings for Kirk himself.

</doc>
<doc id="18612274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612274" title="Chincoteague Channel">
Chincoteague Channel

Chincoteague Channel is a channel on the Eastern Shore of Virginia between marshlands to the northwest and Chincoteague Island to the southeast. The Chincoteague Channel connects to Chincoteague Bay to the northeast and Chincoteague Inlet to the southwest.

</doc>
<doc id="18612280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612280" title="Our Lady of Beauraing">
Our Lady of Beauraing

Our Lady of Beauraing (also known as the Virgin of the Golden Heart) is the title of 33 Marian apparitions reported in Beauraing, Belgium, between November 1932 and January 1933 by five children whose ages ranged between 9 and 15. For several years after the apparitions, pilgrims flocked to the small town of Beauraing, province of Namur (Belgium), and many cures were claimed. 
The Apparitions.
The young people who claimed to have seen the apparitions were Fernande (15), Gilberte (13), and Albert (11), children of Hector and Marie-Louise Perpete Voisin. Hector Voisin was a railway clerk. With them were Andree (14) and Gilberte (9) Degeimbre, daughters of Germaine Degeimbre, a farmer's widow.
The children reported that the lady requested that a chapel be built at the site and stated that "I am the Immaculate Virgin". She also desired for pilgrims to come to the site and asked the children (and everyone) to "pray, pray, pray", and in one of the last visions revealed her "Golden Heart".
In the final vision, the Lady reportedly asked one of the children called Fernande: ""Do you love My Son"?" and she replied "Yes". She then asked her ""Do you love Me?"" and she again answered "Yes". The Lady then stated: ""Then sacrifice yourself for me"." and bade them farewell before the child could reply.
The final approbation for the Marian apparition was granted in 1949 under the direction of the Holy Office by André-Marie Charue, Bishop of Namur, Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="18612304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612304" title="Bottom 10">
Bottom 10

The Bottom 10 (officially, ESPN.com's Bottom 10) is a week-by-week regular season "ranking" of the worst ten college football teams in the NCAA Division I FBS. ESPN.con writer Mark Schlabach writes the column each week and is the sole determiner of the teams which are listed.
One of the running gags of the Bottom 10 is the "highly coveted Number 5 spot". This spot is reserved for "the top BCS blunder of the week" – a normally strong football team which found itself on the wrong end of an upset the prior week; an example would be the September 7, 2011 Bottom 10, which featured Oregon State at the #5 ranking after its upset loss to Sacramento State, a Division I FCS program that had previously never beaten an FBS team in its history.
Another notable running gag is that the rankings sometimes include, not teams, but other items associated with the team; the September 7 Bottom 10 (referenced above) included such items as "bad weather" (a reference to three games, including the South Florida upset of Notre Dame, being delayed or prematurely shortened by severe weather), "TCU's defense" (a reference to TCU, ranked #14 in the AP poll, giving up 50 points in its loss to unranked Baylor), and "F_U" — where the underscore acts as a wildcard to imply the two schools FIU and FAU.
The Bottom 10 in popular culture.
The Bottom 10 rankings are occasionally referenced by other sporstwriters when writing editorials about teams that the writers consider to be poor performers. One example of this can be found in the Stanford Review: "Stanford has consistently maintained the #2 spot on the ESPN "Bottom 10" rankings, only losing, or winning depending on your perspective, to equally hapless Duke."
Original idea.
The Chicago Tribune credits the idea to Los Angeles sportswriter Steve Harvey approximately 30 years before ESPN began using the term. ESPN now publishes the rankings "With apologies to Steve Harvey." In 2008, Harvey resumed his "Bottom 10" columns for college and NFL football in the Los Angeles Times.

</doc>
<doc id="18612318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612318" title="China women's national water polo team">
China women's national water polo team

The China women's national water polo team represents China in international women's water polo competitions and friendly matches. It is one of the leading teams in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="18612327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612327" title="China men's national water polo team">
China men's national water polo team

The China men's national water polo team represents China in international men's water polo competitions and friendly matches. It is one of the leading teams in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="18612347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612347" title="Violin Concerto No. 1 (Szymanowski)">
Violin Concerto No. 1 (Szymanowski)

Karol Szymanowski’s Violin Concerto No. 1, Op. 35, is considered one of the first modern violin concertos. It rejects traditional tonality and romantic aesthetics.
It was written in 1916 while the composer was in Zarudzie, Ukraine. Paul Kochanski advised Szymanowski on the fine point of violin technique during the composition of the concerto, and he later wrote the cadenza. The work is dedicated to Kochański. The likely inspiration for the concerto was "Noc Majowa," a poem by the Polish poet Tadeusz Miciński. The concerto doesn't follow or duplicate the poem, yet Szymanowski's ecstatic, sumptuous music is an ideal companion to Miciński's language: 
The Violin Concerto No. 1 was premiered 1 November 1922 in Warsaw with Józef Ozimiński as the soloist.

</doc>
<doc id="18612359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612359" title="United States Air Force Combat Rescue Officer">
United States Air Force Combat Rescue Officer

Combat Rescue Officer (CRO) is a career field in the United States Air Force. Its Air Force Specialty Code (AFSC) is 13DXA and it was created to strengthen USAF personnel recovery capabilities. The CRO specialty includes direct combatant command and control of Combat Search and Rescue (CSAR) operations. They plan, manage and execute the six tasks of CSAR: prepare, report, locate, support, recover, and reintegrate isolated personnel and materiel. CROs conduct strategic, operational and tactical level planning, provide battle staff expertise, manage theater personnel recovery operations and conduct combat operations.
Overview.
CROs manage day-to-day activities to organize, train and equip assigned personnel to conduct CSAR operations. They deploy as a direct combatant commander of operations. CROs provide subject matter expertise to command battle staffs and theater command and control structure.
CRO duties and responsibilities include planning missions and leading CSAR assets, pararescue and SERE operations, including aerospace interface in the recovery objective area. Supporting joint and combined forces engaged in conventional and special operations air, ground, and/or maritime personnel recovery operations. Advising on readiness of forces based on force status reports, inspections, training exercise and evaluation results. Developing plans and coordinating activities to report, locate and support isolated personnel or materiel. Planning and conducting missions to recover personnel and material, coordinating evacuation of isolated personnel to friendly control. Developing plans and executing the debriefing and reintegration of recovered personnel. Ensuring CSAR activities are organized, and teams/units are trained and equipped to perform the full military spectrum of CSAR and Coalition/Joint PR. Inspecting and evaluating CSAR activities, functions, and personnel.
Training and selection process.
The selection process is broken into two phases. Phase I requires an in depth application that summarizes the professional history and qualifications of the individual applying. Heavy consideration is given to prior military service, academic achievement, and leadership abilities. A board of field grade officers review the applications and select the group that will go on to Phase II of selection.
Phase II takes place at Fairchild Air Force Base, Washington. This phase includes three mile running sessions, 1,500 meter swims, and rucksack marches up to six miles. The goal of Phase II is to place the candidates under extreme fatigue and constant stress to see how they think and act under circumstances that are similar to the real world battlefront. Many young officers going into Phase II drop out or are eliminated, leaving a fraction of the original class.
CRO training consists of the following:
The mission of the Indoctrination Course is to select and train future PJs and CROs. At this school, participants undergo extensive physical conditioning with swimming, running, functional weight training and calisthenics. This course helps prepare students for the rigors of training and the demands of these lifestyles. Other training includes water confidence training, obstacle courses, rucksack marches, diving physics, dive tables, metric manipulations, medical terminology, dive terminology, cardiopulmonary resuscitation, and Pararescue history. Graduation of this course is the "ticket to ride the pipeline" and begin learning the special skills that make PJs highly regarded special operators.
Students learn the basic parachuting skills required to infiltrate an objective area by static line airdrop. This course includes ground operations week, tower week, and "jump week" when participants make five parachute jumps. Personnel who complete this training are awarded the basic parachutist rating and are allowed to wear the Parachutist Badge.
The course is divided into four blocks of instruction: (1) Diving Theory, (2) Infiltration/Exfiltration Methods, (3) Open Circuit Diving Operations, and (4) Closed Circuit Diving Operations. The primary focus of AFCDC is to develop Pararescuemen/Combat Rescue Officers and Combat Controller/Special Tactics Officers into competent, capable and safe combat divers/swimmers. The course provides commanders with divers/swimmers capable of undertaking personnel recovery and special operations waterborne missions. AFCDC provides diver training through classroom instruction, extensive physical training, surface and sub-surface water confidence pool exercises, pool familiarization dives, day/night tactical open water surface/sub-surface infiltration swims, open/closed circuit diving procedures and underwater search and recovery procedures. The session culminates with a waterborne field training exercise.
This course teaches how to safely escape from an aircraft that has landed in the water. Instruction includes principles, procedures and techniques necessary to escape a sinking aircraft.
This course teaches basic survival techniques for remote areas using minimal equipment. This includes instruction of principles, procedures, equipment and techniques that help individuals to survive, regardless of climatic conditions or unfriendly environments, and return home.
This course instructs free fall parachuting (HALO) using a high performance parafoil. The course provides wind tunnel training, in-air instruction focusing on student stability, aerial maneuvers, air sense and parachute opening procedures. Each student receives a minimum of 30 free fall jumps including two day and two night jumps with supplemental oxygen, rucksack and load-bearing equipment.
This course teaches advanced SERE skills associated with the tactical PR planning for report, locate, support, recovery and reintegration tasks of the personnel recovery mission. Additionally, this course provides the CRO with knowledge in SERE programs to include emergency parachuting, post egress procedures, life support equipment, land navigation, evasion and assisted evasion, global environments, resistance to exploitation, prisoner of war communications, escape from captivity, physiology and psychology of survival and the development and employment of the SERE specialists during personnel recovery operations. Additionally DoD ran survival courses (High Risk Survival and Hostage Survival) are taught during this time.
This course teaches how to manage trauma patients prior to evacuation and provide emergency medical treatment. Phase I is four weeks of emergency medical technician basic (EMT-B) training. Providing medical care is not the primary role of the CRO as this is the function of the enlisted Pararescue personnel.
Initial qualification course to instruct and certify basic competency in use of maps and charts; command and control principles and procedures; combat search and rescue principles and procedures; flight characteristics of aircraft; communications, weapons handling, signaling devices, and tactical communications procedures; personal protection and sustenance; rough terrain movement and mountain or adverse terrain recoveries and technical rescue, survival techniques; small unit tactics and field leadership; employment techniques to include fast rope, rope ladder, hoist, and rappelling; overland movement to include mounted and dismounted; amphibious operations to include scuba infiltration; and parachuting operations to include static-line and military free-fall parachuting procedures. CRO candidates graduate as non-rated officer aircrew on HH-60 and HC-130 aircraft. Application includes academics, practical training, testing, and evaluation in academics and field environments, flying training, and flight aircraft.
PR 101 is conducted by the Joint Personnel Recovery Agency (JPRA) and is an introduction to the DoD Personnel Recovery system.
Teaches the application of joint air operations.

</doc>
<doc id="18612365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612365" title="Harron">
Harron

Harron is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18612376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612376" title="Te Rapa Nui">
Te Rapa Nui

Te Te Rapa Nui (1996) is the first newspaper edited and published in Rapa Nui (Easter Island). It was founded by journalist Juan Pedro Soler Bolt, husband of the provincial governor, Melania Carolina Hotu Hey.

</doc>
<doc id="18612384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612384" title="TransAsia Gas International">
TransAsia Gas International

TransAsia Gas International LLC is an energy investment company based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It is a subsidiary of Al-Ghurair Group. The company invest in oil and gas industry, power generation, and petrochemicals. It develops projects in Asia, the Middle East, and North Africa. Quantitatively, the key objective of Trans Asia Gas International is to produce over within the next few years(equivalent to 18 million tonnes) petroleum products. 
In July 2008, TransAsia Gas International firmed up plans to relocate a $600 million refinery project from Italy to Pakistan. In Sri Lanka, it plans to relocate refinery to Hambantota in the south of the island. The company has invested also in Ra's Lanuf Refinery in Libya. It has been interested to participate in the Iran–Pakistan–India gas pipeline project.
In Pakistan, the company has licences to build two 130 megawatt power plants.

</doc>
<doc id="18612387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612387" title="Lemon drop (pepper)">
Lemon drop (pepper)

The Lemon Drop pepper, ají limon, is a hot, citrus-like, lemon flavored pepper which is a popular seasoning pepper in Peru, where it is known as "Kellu Uchu". 
It is also known as 'Hot lemon'. The bright yellow, crinkled, cone-shaped fruits are about 2½" long and 1/2" wide and mature from green to yellow approximately 100 days after transplanting (Long season), they have fewer seeds than the average pepper, containing 15 seeds on average. The plant is vine like, typically reaching a height of about 3 ft. Like other "baccatum" species, these peppers were practically unknown in the West until the early 1990s but are now gaining wide-scale popularity.

</doc>
<doc id="18612399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612399" title="I. B. M. Youth">
I. B. M. Youth

Magic Youth International (M.Y.I.) was the highly respected junior branch of the International Brotherhood of Magicians (I.B.M.). The global membership of the I.B.M. actively supported this dynamic youth-focused program to promote, educate and enhance the activities of young magicians around the world. 
Magic Youth International was originally founded in 1955 by Robert J. Watson and Keith Halbasch, two Chicago teenage magicians. As a correspondence club, teen members shared their magic-related ideas, skills and experiences through personal letters. The letters were compiled into a simple newsletter called PIPS. 
With college looming in 1959, Robert and Keith released full control of the club to their adult adviser and magic peer Jess James. Under Mr. James' management, the club spread to cities across the Midwest United States.
In 1963, Dale Salwak organized a competing Indiana-based teen magic correspondence club called "The Magic Club of America" (M.C.A.). Fellow Hoosiers, Steve Kelley and Greg Heeter formed a cooperative club called The "International Club of Magic" (I.C.M.) featuring their teen magic journal Top Hat. 
The three clubs merged in 1966 under Mr. James' Magic Youth International banner retaining the popular Top Hat as the official club journal. This merger made Magic Youth International the third largest magic club in the United States behind The International Brotherhood of Magicians and the Society of American Magicians (S.A.M.).
The I.B.M. created a youth membership in 1994. International President John R. Brown III and Youth Committee chairman Steve Burton led the adoption of Magic Youth International as the official I.B.M. youth branch in 1998. 
The I.B.M. executive board reorganized and rebranded M.Y.I. as I.B.M. Youth in 2012. This stellar program continues to serve as an educational and social network for magicians and magic enthusiasts between the ages of 7 through 17 years. I.B.M. Youth has chapters around the world generally affiliated with adult I.B.M chapters (called Rings).
When a member turns 18, he or she graduates to full membership in the International Brotherhood of Magicians.

</doc>
<doc id="18612422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612422" title="Run to Paradise">
Run to Paradise

"Run to Paradise" is a single by Australian hard rock group The Choirboys which reached No. 3 on the Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart in October 1987. It was Australia's 11th highest selling single of the eighties. The related "Big Bad Noise" album peaked at No. 5, it went double platinum and ranked No. 21 for 1988 in Australia. In New Zealand, "Run to Paradise" attained No. 13 on the RIANZ Singles Chart. Released in the United States in 1989, it appeared on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and Mainstream Rock charts. The song was re-worked for a 2004 release credited to Nick Skitz vs. Choirboys and reached No. 16 on the ARIA Singles Chart.
Background.
Choirboys signed with Mushroom Records and released "Fireworks" in May 1986, they also opened for Deep Purple on their tour of Australia. Brad Carr left the group to be replaced on lead guitar by Brett Williams (ex-Brakes) as they supported Bon Jovi's tour in 1987. They recorded their second album "Big Bad Noise" with producers Peter Blyton (The Radiators, Machinations) and Brian McGee (The Rolling Stones, Cyndi Lauper). The next single "Run to Paradise" reached No. 3 in October and was the 11th highest selling single of the eighties. In New Zealand, it attained No. 13 on the RIANZ Singles Chart. Released in the United States, it appeared on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and peaked at No. 33 on the Mainstream Rock chart in 1989. "Big Bad Noise" peaked at No. 5 on the Kent Music Report Albums Chart in April 1988 and went double platinum. It was ranked No. 21 for the year in Australia. Other singles from the album included "Boys Will Be Boys" and "Struggle Town" reaching No. 14 and No. 34 respectively.
The song returned to the Australian singles charts in Australia in July 2004 when dance producer Nick Skitz asked Gable to sing "Run to Paradise" on a dance reworking. The song, billed as "Nick Skitz vs. Choirboys", debuted in the top 20 of the Australian singles charts and stayed in the charts for six weeks before leaving the top 50.
Jay Parrino performed the song during the semi-finals of "Australia's Got Talent 2009". With his 'one man band' act he recorded live drums into a loop station then played guitar and sang over the top. This arrangement has a swinging 12/8 shuffle feel which is different from the original.
Track listing.
Australian 7" vinyl
Australian 12" vinyl
US 7" vinyl
Personnel.
Choirboys
Production details

</doc>
<doc id="18612434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612434" title="If I Could (1927 song)">
If I Could (1927 song)

"If I Could" was the second single by Australian rock pop band 1927 from their debut album "...ish", which was released in November 1988. It peaked at number four on the ARIA Singles Chart. The track was written by Garry Frost, the band's guitarist and keyboardist. It also reached No. 21 on the 1989 ARIA End of Year Top 50 Singles Chart. "If I Could" was produced by Charles Fisher and Jim Bonneford.
Background.
1927 formed in Melbourne in 1987 as a pop, rock band with James Barton on drums, Bill Frost on bass guitar, his brother Garry Frost (ex-Moving Pictures) on guitar and keyboards, and Eric Weideman on lead vocals and guitar. After a year of vainly seeking a recording contract, 1927 were signed by Charles Fisher for his label, Trafalgar Productions. With Fisher producing the group recorded their debut single, "That's When I Think of You", which entered the ARIA Singles Chart in September 1988 and peaked at No. 6. It is co-written by Garry Frost and Weideman. In November 1988 the band released their second single, "If I Could", which peaked at No. 4. It was co-produced by Fisher with Jim Bonneford (their engineer), and was written by Garry Frost. In early December their debut album, "...ish", largely produced by Fisher (except "If I Could"), followed. Rock music historian, Ian McFarlane, described it as "brimful of stirring, stately pop rock anthems". It peaked at No. 1 on the ARIA Albums Chart for four weeks and stayed in the Top 50 for 45 weeks. Two more top 20 singles from the album followed, "You'll Never Know" (February 1989) and "Compulsory Hero" (April). "If I Could" peaked at No. 21 on the 1989 ARIA End of Year Top 50 Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18612467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612467" title="Nuku (disambiguation)">
Nuku (disambiguation)

Nuku is an element in a number of Polynesian placenames, as well as having a number of other uses. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="18612485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612485" title="Suppressed Duck">
Suppressed Duck

Suppressed Duck is a 1965 Warner Bros. "Looney Tunes" theatrical cartoon starring Daffy Duck. This cartoon short is directed by Robert McKimson and written by David Detiege. It is the only Daffy Duck cartoon in the DePatie-Freleng series in which he does not co-star with another "Looney Tunes" character.
Summary.
While on a hunting trip, Daffy Duck hopes to shoot a bear. An announcement from a nearby ranger station informs him of a boundary line drawn through the "hunting area." Hunters are told to remain on one side of the boundary and bears to remain on the other side, unless they want to get shot. Daffy chases several bears to the boundary line, and a ranger keeps him from pursuing them across it. One bear taunts Daffy from his side of the line.
In order to catch this bear, Daffy devises many schemes, including using bacon to entice the bear across the boundary line, erasing the boundary line, and disguising himself as a tree. Each time, the bear outsmarts him or he is caught and reprimanded by the park ranger.
In his last attempt to catch the bear, Daffy digs a tunnel underneath the boundary line. The bear discovers his plot, traces his way to the spot where Daffy would come out, and places a small cabin of dynamite above him before hiding. Daffy digs up into the cabin, causing the dynamite to explode, leaving him mostly featherless (except for his head). He gathers up his feathers, saying he is lucky that he keeps his feathers "numbered for just such an occasion."
While re-attaching his feathers, he soon discovers that the bottom half of his feathers are missing, and he turns to see the bear wearing them as a headdress and skirt. Before he can retrieve his feathers, the ranger informs him that hunting season is over. Obviously irked, Daffy (wearing a barrel over his naked bottom half) tells the bear: "You're des"th"picable. But, You haven't seen the last of me!!" As he turns to leave, the backend of the barrel falls away, revealing his plucked behind.
Availability.
"Suppressed Duck" is available, uncensored and uncut, on the "Looney Tunes Superstars" DVD. However, it was cropped to widescreen.

</doc>
<doc id="18612493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612493" title="Puerto Rico Highway 184">
Puerto Rico Highway 184

Puerto Rico Highway 184 is a main, rural highway that connects Cayey, Puerto Rico, with plans to be extended to Cidra, to Patillas. It is the main and only access to the various famous roasted-pork restaurants ("lechoneras") in the area of Guavate and the access to the forest park with the same name. It borders the Carite river, where several people swim often, and like Puerto Rico Highway 181 it borders the open artificial lake Carite, and it meets its end at Puerto Rico Highway 3. The main antennas of the local TV stations Telemundo, WAPA-TV and Univision can be seen from this road. The scenic area around the road in Guavate is beautiful and the scenic view of the mountains make it a great road for internal tourism. The road passes near a point where five municipalities share a border- Cayey, Patillas, San Lorenzo, Caguas and Guayama.

</doc>
<doc id="18612509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612509" title="In Her Shoes">
In Her Shoes

In Her Shoes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18612516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612516" title="Charles A. Hughes">
Charles A. Hughes

Charles A. Hughes was a Detroit businessman and ice hockey executive. He was one of the founders of the Detroit Red Wings National Hockey League (NHL) in 1926. The team was then known as the Detroit Cougars. The team would later change its name to the Falcons, and later the "Red Wings", one of the most successful teams in NHL history.
Red Wings career.
Hughes led a group of investors that got a NHL expansion franchise for Detroit in 1926. To stock the team with players, they purchased the Victoria Cougars of the Western Canada Hockey League in 1926. They transferred the team to Detroit, where they played in the National Hockey League as the Detroit Cougars. 
In 1927, on the advice of NHL President Frank Calder, Hughes hired Jack Adams as coach and general manager of the team. Adams would stay on as GM of the Cougars, later Falcons and Red Wings, until 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="18612527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612527" title="Abraham Cohen Pimentel">
Abraham Cohen Pimentel

Abraham Cohen Pimentel (died March 21, 1697) was a rabbi of Amsterdam. He was a student of Saul Levi Morteira, and he also served as hakham of the synagogue in Hamburg and was initially a signator to a letter of approbation for Sabbatai Zevi. He was the author of the "Minchat Kohen", published in 1668.

</doc>
<doc id="18612528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612528" title="Ministry of Water and Power (Pakistan)">
Ministry of Water and Power (Pakistan)

The Ministry of Water and Power is a federal government agency in Pakistan. The ministry is headed by the Minister for Water and Power. Khawaja Muhammad Asif is the current minister. 
The Federal Flood Commission (FFC) is an agency within the Ministry that was created in 1977 in response to severe flooding by the Indus River. The FFC has been charged to execute flood control projects and protect lives and property from the impact of floods. By 2010 the FFC had received Rs 87.8 billion since its inception, and its own documents demonstrate that numerous projects were initiated, paid for, and seemingly completed. However, after the devastating 2010 Pakistan floods the agency has been severely criticized as apparently very little actual work had been done on the ground and it was accused of ineffectiveness and corruption. 

</doc>
<doc id="18612537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612537" title="1999 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
1999 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 1999 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 1999年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 1999 for the 1998 music season.
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) was expanded to top 13.
Other awards.
The top 10 outstanding artist was also extended to 11 artists.

</doc>
<doc id="18612543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612543" title="Farquharson">
Farquharson

Farquharson ( or ) is a surname of Scottish origin, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18612552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612552" title="Union City High School">
Union City High School

Union City High School is a three-year public high school in Union City, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Union City Board of Education. The four-story school is located between Kennedy Boulevard and Summit Avenue, from 24th to 26th Street, with additional facilities a block south on Kerrigan Avenue. Through its predecessors, the school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1928.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 2,428 students and 143.4 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 16.93:1. There were 1,974 students (81.3% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 195 (8.0% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
The school opened in September 2009, merging the student bodies of the city's prior two high schools, Union Hill High School and Emerson High School, and marking the first high school opened in the city in 90 years. The school, which was built on the site of the former Roosevelt Stadium, cost $180 million, covers 4½ acres and includes a rooftop football field. The school's colors are navy blue and silver. 
Grade structure.
Union City High School holds only Sophomore through Senior students. The Academy for Enrichment and Advancement (AEA), which is housed one block south on Kerrigan Avenue between 22nd and 23rd Streets, is a special interest academy that is part of the High School. The AEA provides classes for students of grades 9 - 12 who show interest in the fields of science and engineering.
Since its inaugural school year, Union City High School has offered college-level courses to students, and through its partnerships with nearby colleges and universities, increased the number of such courses for the 2010–2011 school year, enabling students to accumulate up to 12 - 15 college credits by graduation that can be readily transferred to New Jersey public colleges. In addition to Liberal Arts courses, students can take advanced placement biology, chemistry, physics, anatomy & physiology, forensic science, robotics, geometry, algebra 2, and calculus at the AEA. Students preparing for civil engineering and architecture careers can take pre-engineering, computer networking and computer aided design (CAD) at the AEA. The AEA is also one of the few high schools in New Jersey that offers a course in Mandarin Chinese.
History.
The site on which Union City High School sits was originally the location of the Hudson County Consumers Brewery Company. It was purchased for $456,000, and turned it into a gated playground. Through the efforts of Director of Public Affairs Harry J. Thorout and the Federal Works Progress Administration, which awarded the project $172,472, as part of Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal, it was turned into the art deco Roosevelt Stadium, which opened in 1937. Though primarily a football stadium that served as a home to future National Football League greats Lou Cordileone and Frank Winters and College Football Hall of Famer Ed Franco, the stadium also housed events in semi-pro baseball, soccer, track, boxing, as well as numerous special events, such as an exhibition baseball game featuring Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig. Roosevelt Stadium was also the home to the annual Thanksgiving Turkey Game between rivals Emerson High School and Union Hill High School, the two high schools that previously served the city. The last Turkey Game was hosted by the stadium in 2004. Three subsequent Turkey Games were held at the Midtown Athletic Complex until 2007, after which the two high schools would be converted into middle schools. José Martí Middle School, which is located on Summit Avenue at 18th Street, was converted into José Martí Freshman Academy. 
On July 11, 2005, acting New Jersey Governor Richard Codey and Union City Mayor Brian P. Stack, along with other officials, broke ground in preparation for the new complex, budgeted at $180 million. $172 million of the funds were provided by the state, with Union City providing the remaining $8 million, making it one of the most expensive schools in New Jersey. Cliffside Park-based RSC Architects, in partnership with architecture firm HOK New York, designed the school, which includes 66 classrooms. Piscataway-based Epic Management served as the construction manager for the project. In early March 2006, a large piece of the Hudson Brewery's original brick foundation was found intact, along with the base of a manhole still connected to an original sewer that opened underneath the brewery. The artifacts were removed for historical preservation.
Union City High School opened for students on September 3, 2009, marking the first high school built in Union City in 90 years. The school's inaugural principal was David Wilcomes. A ribbon-cutting ceremony was held on September 25, and attended by Union City Mayor Brian P. Stack, New Jersey Governor Jon Corzine and Senator Bob Menendez. A subsequent opening gala was held September 26, and featured appearances from celebrities such as New York Giant Harry Carson, and actor and Union Hill High School graduate Bobby Cannavale, and a performance by musician Tito Puente, Jr. A performance by Cuban singer Cucu Diamantes was cancelled by the city's Board of Education, causing controversy. The Board cancelled the performance in response to threats of protest by anti-Castro activists over Diamantes' performance in a concert in Havana, Cuba days earlier.
The commencement ceremony for the school's first graduating class was held June 23, 2010. Delivering the keynote speech to the 628 graduates was New Jersey State Associate Supreme Court Justice Roberto A. Rivera-Soto.
On October 28, 2011, the city broke ground on the school's $930,000, state-funded Student Sanctuary, a 16,900 square foot, triangular landscaped pedestrian plaza in front of the school at the corner of Kennedy Boulevard at 24th Street. On December 18, 2012, the school's 50-year time capsule was filled with items representing the school and then buried on the Sanctuary grounds, with a scheduled opening in 2061. The Sanctuary, which was designed by Becica Associates L.L.C., Borst Landscape and Design, and Environmental Resolutions Inc., was opened with a ribbon-cutting ceremony on May 22, 2013, marking the completion of the school. It features a small amphitheater, a rain garden, a functioning waterfall, a fountain, decorative brick paved walkways, patios, and over 100 different species of all-season shrubs and grasses. The Sanctuary provides e a point of relaxation to students and residents, and has been referred to by students and the press alike as a "tranquil oasis stylishly contrasts with the urban surrounding." In addition to its rural features, which provides research opportunities for the school's environmental sciences classes and its horticultural and environment clubs, the Sanctuary also features technological conveniences such as free Wi-Fi to allows students and staff to use their equipment outside, and in-ground speakers that allow the amphitheater to host performances and other events.
Faculty and staff.
Former athlete Otis Davis, who won two gold medals in track and field events at the 1960 Summer Olympics, works at Union City High School as coach, mentor and verification officer. He is also co-founder and current president of the Tri-States Olympic Alumni Association, mentors student athletes at the school.
In July 2012, English as a Second Language (ESL) teacher Kristine Nazzal was named Hudson County's Teacher of the Year by the New Jersey Department of Education. Nazzal was among 300 teachers who appeared on the September 23, 2012 episode of "NBC Nightly News" with Brian Williams to discuss issues pertaining to education.
Academic achievements.
The school was the 323rd-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2012 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools". The magazine ranked the two predecessor schools 271st (Emerson) and 285th (Union Hill) out of 322 public high schools statewide, in the magazine's September 2010 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", after being ranked 288th (Emerson) and 233rd (Union Hill) in 2008 out of 316 public high schools statewide.
University of California, Berkeley Professor David L. Kirp, in his 2011 book, "Kids First", and his 2013 book, "Improbable Scholars", praised Union City's education system for bringing poor, mostly immigrant children (three quarters of whom live in homes where only Spanish is spoken and a quarter of which are thought to be undocumented and fearful of deportation) into the educational mainstream. Kirp, who spent a year in Union City examining its schools, notes that while in the late 1970s, Union City schools faced the threat of state takeover, as of 2013 they boast achievement scores that approximate the statewide average. Kirp also observes that in 2011, Union City boasted a high school graduation rate of 89.5 percent — roughly 10 percentage points higher than the national average, and that in 2012, 75 percent of Union City graduates enrolled in college, with top students winning scholarships to the Ivy League. Kirp attributes Union City's success to among other things, the positive, educational atmosphere of Union City High School generated by educators such as principal John Bennetti. Deborah Short of the Center for Applied Linguistics in Washington DC singled out the school's initiatives, saying that the Union City High School "has created a culture that respects differences and promotes learning. The school expects its students to do well and it gives them lots of support."
Facilities.
The school houses 66 classrooms equipped with Mac computers, automatic lights, SMART Boards and Wi-Fi to enable students to use laptop computers in their studies.
The arts are served by two art class rooms devoted to painting, sculpture and pottery, sewing machine-equipped rooms for fashion classes, television production facilities, and three music classrooms, each of which is equipped with grand pianos. Dancers have two separate rooms with floor to ceiling mirrors and ballet bars. The school's cafeteria is located on the second floor and is equipped with several walk-in freezers and a half-dozen pizza ovens. The school's restrooms utilize automated no-touch sinks.
The school's "world-class" gym includes bleachers that seat 1,800 people, and a weight room accessible directly from the gym. Elsewhere on the first floor is an aerobics room that houses cardio exercise machines.
A centrally located Media Center is located on the first floor and includes dozens of Mac computers. Although it was initially suggested to name the room after Pulitzer Prize-winning poet and United States Poet Laureate W.S. Merwin, who grew up in Union City, it was eventually named after former New Jersey Governor Jim McGreevey. It is located next to the outdoor Senior Courtyard. An American flag that stands in that courtyard, when raised, overlooks the athletic field. The Media Center is also used for community functions, such as an April 2011 book signing by Professor David L. Kirp.
The school's centerpiece is its three-acre athletic field, called the Eagle's Nest, located on the second floor roof, which features skyline views of the Empire State Building and Midtown Manhattan. The architecture of the athletic complex, which cost $15 million, was designed to resemble the former Roosevelt Stadium, which previously occupied the site. A number of classrooms on the third and fourth floors overlook the field, which rests on two floors of steel and reinforced concrete. The field's bleachers seat 2,100 spectators. The field's on-campus location eliminates not only the students' prior need to walk or be bussed from school to a separate location to play, but the need for the two prior schools to share the field. Although the merger of the former Union Hill Hillers and Emerson Bulldogs had experienced some difficulties a year prior when the students were still housed at separate high schools (called Union City High School's North and South campuses, respectively), the merge had been ameliorated by the move of the unified student body to the single new school. "Hudson Reporter" columnist Jim Hague opined that the athletic facility is perhaps the most unique in the state. It was included in a list of "10 more high school football stadiums to see before you die" that appeared in a 2012 article for MaxPreps.
The school's 910-seat auditorium also serves as the Union City Performing Arts Center. The Center opened on October 16, 2009 with a celebration that featured an art gallery of over 160 paintings, as well as performances by a number of musicians, poets and dancers. Included in the performances were a guitar solo by Francisco "Pancho" Navarro, who appeared in 2002 Salma Hayek film "Frida", a dance performance by Tap Ole Dance Company that was choreographed by Megan Fernandez, who had appeared on the reality television program "America's Got Talent", and a poetry reading by Graciela Barreto, who had been named poet laureate of Union City in September. Drama classes are aided with a separate black box theater for small productions, which doubles as a community conference center. Public events used by the auditorium including the 2010 swearing-in ceremony for Union City Mayor Brian P. Stack, and the Union City International Film Festival, the first one of which was held in December 2010. The school's athletic field and auditorium are made available to local residents in order to utilize the school as a community center for the city.
The federally funded, social services nonprofit group, North Hudson Community Action Corporation's (NHCAC) pediatric health center, which is housed in the building, opened in early July 2010, in order to allow the corporation's facilities on 31st Street to expand its women's health and internal medicine capacity. The center was opened in July so that the patient flow could be monitored when students were not in school, in order to determine how to integrate the center's operations with the school's, educate students on managing their health, and allow them to utilize its services in order to decrease health-related absenteeism, once the school session resumed. Union City Superintendent of Schools Stanley Sanger indicated that eventually, health screenings would be provided to all Union City students. NHCAC runs a health screening facility six days a week by two doctors. The facility has a separate entrance/exit from the street, and is closed off to the rest of the school. The state-of-the-art full pediatric facility includes four private examination rooms and an on-site laboratory. It is open to low-income Hudson County families and sees approximately 20-25 patients 18 and under daily, charging sliding-scale fees for its services, though NHCAC President and city commissioner Christopher Irizarry expressed hopes to eventually increase that capacity to 50 patients a day. It is the third of NHCAC's ten such facilities in North Hudson, New Jersey to implement electronic health record-keeping, which allows patients to schedule appointments online, see doctors more quickly and facilitate quicker lab results and filling of prescriptions at pharmacies.
The staff's parking garage, built a block south of the school, also serves nearby residents and business.
Athletics.
Union City High School competes in the Hudson County Interscholastic League, following a reorganization of sports leagues in North Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association. Prior to the 2010 realignment, the school had been assigned to the North Jersey Tri-County Conference for the 2009-10 season. The Soaring Eagles currently participate in North I, Group IV of the Hudson County Interscholastic League.
Union City High School's first head football coach was Joe Rotondi, previously the coach at Union Hill High School, who was appointed to the position when that school merged with Emerson High School for the 2008-09 season. Due to a less successful than anticipated record (5-5 in 2008 and 3-7 in 2009), he was replaced by former Ferris High School coach Wilbur Valdez in early 2010.
In addition to fielding a team in football, Union City High school fields teams in wrestling, basketball, soccer, volleyball, bowling, baseball, cross county, lacrosse, swimming, tennis and track and field.

</doc>
<doc id="18612553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612553" title="Mravyan">
Mravyan

Mravyan or Mrravyan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18612557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612557" title="2000 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
2000 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 2000 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 2000年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 2000 for the 1999 music season.
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 2000 are as follows.
Other awards.
The top 10 outstanding artist was also extended to 11 artists.

</doc>
<doc id="18612566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612566" title="Gümüş (TV series)">
Gümüş (TV series)

"Gümüş" ("Silver"), a Turkish melodrama originally broadcast in Turkey by Kanal D from 2005 to 2007. The sudser became a pop-culture phenomenon when it aired across the Arab world as "Noor" (Arabic for "light") in 2006. The show which MBC execs dubbed into Arabic using a colloquial Syrian dialect rather than formal, classical Arabic, followed the travails of a simple young woman "Gümüş," played by Songül Öden, who marries into a wealthy family.
The success of "Noor" for MBC has sparked a boom in dubbed Turkish dramas across many leading Arab sat-casters. MBC even launched a pay TV channel in partnership with pay TV platform Showtime Arabia entirely dedicated to "Noor" that allows viewers to watch episodes of the sudser around the clock.
The dizzying pop-cultural phenomenon surrounding the series has encouraged the broadcaster further to make a film out of the Turkish soap. The feature version, which MBC will co-produce with Turkish shingle Momentum Prods., will have a budget in the $2.5 million-3.5 million range and will also be shot in Turkish before being dubbed into Arabic. The project will reunite Turkish thespians Kıvanç Tatlıtuğ and Songül Öden, who captured the hearts of Arab audiences in their husband-and-wife roles of Muhannad and Noor, respectively.
The series has also been shown in Iran and the show dubbed into Persian with the title "Nur" ("Brightness").
The series has also been shown in Romania on Kanal D Romania with the title "Iubire de Argint" ("Love of Silver"). The Bulgarian private TV channel bTV currently airing the show dubbed into Bulgarian with the title "Перла" ("Pearl").
The series is also currently shown in Greece under the title "Ασημένια Φεγγάρια" ("Silver Moons"). The first sixty episodes were broadcast on Makedonia TV from September 2010 to January 2011. However, due to the series' great success it was then picked up by ANT1 and is currently shown there. In Albania, the series is currently showing under the title "Gymysh".
Popularity.
In Saudi Arabia alone, 3-4 million viewers admit to watching the program daily on the Saudi-owned MBC channel. The show's final episode attracted a record 85 million Arab viewers when it aired last Aug. 30.
In Bulgaria, Gümüş is also very popular and every episode is watched by at least 2 million viewers. In result of its popularity, Songül Öden came to Bulgaria and was a guest in the Bulgarian TV shows "Dancing Stars 2" and "Slavi Show".
She also visited Albania as a guest in "Kenga Magjike" festival. It is above average in Pakistan and was is currently showing on Turkish1 and Geo Tv / Geo Kahani in Pakistan.The series was also popular in Macedonia .Gumus was one of the first series shown in Macedonia ,and now the popularity of turskish series in Macedonia is growing.
Reception and influence.
Noor and Muhannad observe Ramadan, and their marriage is arranged by Muhannad's grandfather but the characters break with tradition in other ways. Characters are shown drinking wine with dinner, partying, and kissing onscreen which has been deemed inappropriate for younger audiences such as children. Muhannad had sex (and an illegitimate child) before marrying Noor, and one of his cousins has an abortion. Perhaps most significantly, Noor and Muhannad's marriage is depicted (in an idealized way) as a modern partnership between equals, in which Muhannad supports his wife's career ambitions as a fashion designer. The AP reports that the show "seems particularly effective in changing attitudes because it offers new content in a familiar setting: Turkey is a Muslim country, inviting stronger viewer identification than Western TV imports."
Maternity wards report a rise in the baby names Noor and Mohannad.
Clothing stores throughout the Middle East report brisk sales of blouses and dresses seen on the television series.
The show encouraged Arabs to visit Turkey. The success of "Noor" in the Arab world was partly attributed to the fact that it was dubbed into the Syrian dialect—a widely understood living variety of Arabic—and not into the little spoken formal Arabic which had hitherto been used to dub Mexican telenovelas.
The final episode.
In the final episode of the series the time is moved forwards to 14 years later and the audience sees that everyone has grown up and are all living a happy life. Gümüş is writing in her diaries about what has happened for the past 13 years and shows us how all the characters have grown up and changed including her current pregnancy.

</doc>
<doc id="18612567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612567" title="Baguio City Federation of the Sangguniang Kabataan">
Baguio City Federation of the Sangguniang Kabataan

Sangguniang Kabataan Baguio City Federation is a special youth legislature that inititates programs, policies, and projects for youth development. It is composed of 124 members as SK Chairmen of their respective barangays.
On December 6, 2007, the 124 members elected the Sangguniang Kabataan Local Executive Committee.
Committees.
There are seven committees formed in the Federation.
Chairman, Committee on National Affairs
Chairman, Committee on Legislations
Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means
Chairman, Committee on Tourism and Special Events
Chairman, Committee on Finance, Budget and Appropriations
Chairman, Committee on Grievance and Arbitration
Chairman, Committee on Sports
Official Website Launch.
The official portal of Sangguniang Kabataan Baguio Federation was launched on February 2010 in time with Panagbenga Festival opening. The web address is http://www.skbaguio.com
References.
1. SK holds basketball tilt
http://www.sunstar.com.ph/static/bag/2008/04/05/sports/sk.baguio.to.hold.city.wide.basketball.tilt.html
2. SKF asks 2500 year end bonus for SK Kagawads http://www.sunstar.com.ph/static/bag/2008/07/03/news/sk.officials.ask.for.p2.500.yearend.bonus.html
3.SK Special polls held in 79 barangays http://www.sunstar.com.ph/static/bag/2008/02/28/news/special.sk.polls.in.79.barangays.held.html

</doc>
<doc id="18612578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612578" title="George K. Shuler">
George K. Shuler

George Kent Shuler (December 15, 1884 - October 16, 1942) was an American war hero and politician.
Life.
He lived at Lyons, in Wayne County, New York. He married Blanche Stewart and they had two daughters.
He fought in World War I as a member of the United States Marine Corps, and finished the war as a captain, and was later promoted to major. He received the Navy Distinguished Service Medal.
He ran for Congress in New York's 36th congressional district in 1920, but was defeated by Norman J. Gould.
As a captain, he had the distinction of commanding the small (four or five Marine) detachment that was dispatched by Secretary of the Interior Albert Fall to evict a drilling rig crew belonging to the Mutual Oil Company from the Teapot Dome oil field in Natrona County, Wyoming on July 30, 1922, and thus precipitating one of the major sources of scandal during the administration of President Warren G. Harding. (The eviction preceded without incident; the officials of the company even fed lunch to Captain Schuler and the men of his detachment after drilling operations had ceased.) (pages 81-83, Teapot Dome, Morris R. Werner and Starr, John, Viking Press, 1959)
He was New York State Treasurer from 1923 to 1924, elected in 1922 but defeated for re-election in 1924 by Republican Lewis H. Pounds. He was a delegate to the 1924 Democratic National Convention.

</doc>
<doc id="18612587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612587" title="Ways and Means (play)">
Ways and Means (play)

Ways and Means is a short comic play by Noël Coward, one of ten that make up "", a cycle written to be performed across three evenings. The story concerns an heiress and her gambling husband, who are plagued by debt and embarrassment as everything seems to always go wrong for them. Their honour is saved just in time when a disgraced chauffeur tries to rob them but amiably ends up pulling them out of a hole.
In the introduction to a published edition of the plays, Coward wrote, "A short play, having a great advantage over a long one in that it can sustain a mood without technical creaking or over padding, deserves a better fate, and if, by careful writing, acting and producing I can do a little towards reinstating it in its rightful pride, I shall have achieved one of my more sentimental ambitions."
The play was first produced in London (1936), then in New York (1936–1937) and Canada (1938). It has enjoyed several major revivals and has been adapted for film.
History.
Six of the plays in "" were first presented at the Manchester Opera House beginning on 15 October 1935, and a seventh play, "Family Album", was added on the subsequent provincial tour. "Ways and Means was added for the London run, together with "Still Life" and "Star Chamber", the last of which was performed only once. The first London performance in the cycle was on 9 January 1936 at the Phoenix Theatre, but "Ways and Means" did not premiere until 5 May 1936.
Coward directed all ten pieces, and each starred Coward and Gertrude Lawrence. Coward said that he wrote them as "acting, singing, and dancing vehicles for Gertrude Lawrence and myself". The plays were performed in various combinations of three at each performance during the original run. The plays chosen for each performance were announced in advance, although a myth evolved that the groupings were random. Matinées were sometimes billed as "Today at 2:30".
The Broadway openings for the three parts took place on 24 November 1936, 27 November 1936 and 30 November 1936 (including "Ways and Means") at the National Theatre, again starring Coward and Lawrence. "Star Chamber" was omitted. The London and New York runs were limited only by Coward's boredom at long engagements.
Major productions of parts of the cycle were revived on Broadway in 1948 and 1967, including "Ways and Means" in 1948 but not 1967. Revivals in 1981 at the Lyric Theatre in London and at the Chichester Festival in 2006 omitted "Ways and Means". In 1971, the Shaw Festival revived three of the plays, and in 2000, the Williamstown Theatre Festival revived six of them, in both cases omitting "Ways and Means". However, the Antaeus Company in Los Angeles revived all ten plays in October 2007, and the Shaw Festival is scheduled to revive the full cycle in 2009.
For a 1952 film "Meet Me Tonight", directed by Anthony Pelissier, Coward adapted "Ways and Means", "Red Peppers" and "Fumed Oak" (called "Tonight at 8:30" in the US) In 1991, BBC television mounted productions of the individual plays with Joan Collins taking the Lawrence roles. The sheer expense involved in mounting what are effectively ten different productions has usually deterred revivals of the entire "Tonight at 8:30" cycle, but the constituent plays can often be seen individually or in sets of three.
Synopsis.
"Setting: In the bedroom of a French villa on the Côte d'Azur where heiress Stella Cartwright and her gambling husband Toby are staying."
Stella and Toby are eating breakfast and discussing how they plan to recover the 50 pounds lost last night at the casino. Stella remembers that Lord Chapworth ("Chaps" for short) owes her a lot of money and, to their delight, the butler leads him in. Stella tries to use sex appeal to collect the debt, but Chaps doesn't catch on and goes on to say that he lost all his money due to getting stuck at the same table with Pearl Brandt. Stella tries to recuperate, but then the landowner, Olive Lloyde Ransome, and a very dopey Elena Krassiloff enter the room. Elena begins to tinker with random objects while Olive informs Toby and Stella that more guests are arriving the next afternoon, and they have to leave. The butler returns to inform them that their train tickets had already been booked, and they realise that the whole thing was set up to oust them. In desperation, Toby gathers up all the jewellery and sends Nanny to Cannes to pawn it so that he can try to win at the casino. Stella warns him, "You'll lose it, I know you will. I wish I could play the damned game."
Stella and Toby recount the events of the evening. Just as Tony was about to join a game of baccarat, Pearl Brandt steals his seat and wins 170,000 francs, while Toby loses all of his money. After debating minor details, Toby comes up with a plan whereby they might save themselves: they will rob and murder Pearl Brandt. Toby becomes overwhelmed, and Stella orders him to stop and get ready for bed. Another argument ensues, and Toby storms into the bathroom and bangs his head on the cupboard. Stella leads him to the bed and says that she plans to abandon their humility and borrow enough money to get them home.
An armed robber enters the room and carelessly trips on a chair, waking Toby and Stella. He aims his gun at them and demands their jewellery, but they tell him that they have none. A scuffle ensues, and Toby ends up with the gun. They unmask the robber and discover that he is Stevens, a well known chauffeur. Stevens reveals to them that he lost his job (after having sex with his boss's wife) and is desperate for money. Stella starts to feel sympathetic, but Toby orders him out and threatens to call the police. All of a sudden, Stella realises that Stevens could be useful and pulls him back in. Her plan is to make Stevens rob the other guests, give them the money, and tie them up to make them look like victims. Toby doesn't catch on and is resistant until Stella mentions Pearl Brandt. Stevens runs off while Toby and Stella pull apart the bed sheets so that they can be used to bind them. Stevens returns with the money and jewellery and proceeds to bind and gag Stella and Toby. He leaves while they double over in laughter at their good fortune.

</doc>
<doc id="18612588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612588" title="Joseph E. Muller Bridge">
Joseph E. Muller Bridge

The Joseph E. Muller Bridge is a crossing of the Connecticut River in Western Massachusetts, connecting the towns of Holyoke and South Hadley. The bridge carries Route 202.
History and construction of the bridge.
The bridge was constructed in 1958 as part of a new bypass of U.S. Route 202 (Purple Heart Drive). The bypass was built in anticipation of increased traffic through downtown Holyoke heading towards South Hadley from Interstate 91, which was under construction at the time. Prior to the construction of the bridge, Route 202 used the nearby South Hadley Falls bridge (Vietnam Memorial Bridge) to cross the Connecticut River.

</doc>
<doc id="18612596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612596" title="Perisher">
Perisher

Perisher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18612599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612599" title="Puerto Rico Highway 167">
Puerto Rico Highway 167

Puerto Rico Highway 167 is one of the main highways in the San Juan–Caguas–Guaynabo metropolitan area of Puerto Rico. This Highway starts at Puerto Rico Highway 165 in Levittown and goes until Puerto Rico Highway 156 in Comerío. It is two-lane per direction all through Cataño and a vast area of Bayamón, and becomes rural a couple of kilometers before entering through Naranjito. During the rainy season this road is risky as there is chance of rock fall and debris onto the road. This happens mainly due to increase in moisture content in the soil, which loosens the suspending rocks adjacent to the highway. It is proposed to make this road fully parallel to the future tollway PR-5, which will be extended until Comerío. The future tollway will pass through the only cable-suspended bridge in the island in Bayamón near the border with Naranjito.

</doc>
<doc id="18612601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612601" title="On the Boards">
On the Boards

On the Boards (OtB) is a non-profit contemporary performing arts organization in Seattle, Washington, founded in 1978. Originally located at Washington Hall in the Central District, the organization moved in 1998 to their current location in Lower Queen Anne. They present more than 40 distinct shows annually, amounting to over 100 performance nights each year in 2 theater spaces.
Venues.
On the Boards began its existence renting the upstairs theater space at Washington Hall from the Sons of Haiti. Washington Hall is a 1908 building whose history prior to OtB included appearances by W. E. B. Du Bois and Martin Luther King Jr. and performances by the likes of Count Basie and Mahalia Jackson. In this space, OtB presented such visiting performers as Eiko and Koma, Ping Chong, Meredith Monk, and Spaulding Gray, as well as early work by local choreographers including Mark Morris and Pat Graney, both of whom went on to gain national and international acclaim. As of 2008, the building is in poor shape and quite likely facing demolition.
In 1998, OtB moved to its current location. Built in 1912, the building was originally known as Redding Hall, then later as Queen Anne Hall. It had been the long-time home of A Contemporary Theater (ACT), who were moving to a downtown home at Kreielsheimer Place / Eagles Auditorium. OtB had the space remodeled into the 300-seat Merrill Wright Mainstage Theater and an 84-seat Studio Theater. The building is now known as On The Boards/Behnke Center for Contemporary Performance.
Performances presented.
As of 2008, OtB's performances are divided into several program series. The Inter/National Series presents artists from around the world; the Northwest Series focuses more locally in the Pacific Northwest; 12 Minutes Max is a monthly performance-lab/showcase of short new works and works-in-progress; and the Northwest New Works Festival is an annual 2-week festival of world premiere contemporary performances by Northwest-based artists and ensembles.
Besides the artists mentioned above, other national and international performers and acts who have appeared at OtB include Bill T. Jones, The Wooster Group, dumb type, Needcompany, Sankai Juku, and Anne Teresa de Keersmaeker, as well as such Seattle-area performers and acts as 33 Fainting Spells, Sarah Rudinoff, Maureen Whiting Company, Seattle Chamber Players, Allen Johnson, locust, "Awesome", and Washington Ensemble Theater.

</doc>
<doc id="18612603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612603" title="Jalan Terachi-Seri Menanti">
Jalan Terachi-Seri Menanti

Jalan Terachi-Seri Menanti (Negeri Sembilan state route ) is a major road in Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia. It is also a main route to Seri Menanti royal town from Seremban.

</doc>
<doc id="18612606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612606" title="2001 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
2001 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 2001 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 2001年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 2001 for the 2000 music season.
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 2001 are as follows.
Other awards.
The top 10 outstanding artist was also extended to 15 artists.

</doc>
<doc id="18612619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612619" title="Yeghegnut">
Yeghegnut

Yeghegnut or Yekheknut or Yekhegnut or Yegegnut or Eghegnut may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18612628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612628" title="Sterling Gates">
Sterling Gates

Sterling Gates (born March 1, 1981 in Tulsa, Oklahoma) is an American comic book writer currently working for DC Comics.
Early life.
Sterling Gates was a comic fan from a young age. His father owned a comic book store in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and remembered that, "We had a garage full of comics for as long as I could remember and I would sit and read them for hours, then sneak them under the covers and read them in bed." When he started college, he also worked part-time in a local comic shop.
Gates attended the University of Oklahoma and earned a degree in Fine Arts with a specialization in film and television production. His professors used to get annoyed due to his desire to relate all of his schoolwork to comics in some way, shape, or form. His capstone thesis was about sequential art theory and relating time theory in comics to training in film and television. He went on to say that he, "must've referenced Scott McCloud's "Understanding Comics" a hundred times in that paper!" After moving out to Los Angeles, California to "do something with his life," he and a friend attended WonderCon in San Francisco where he met writer Geoff Johns.
Career.
One night in San Francisco, Gates and a friend went out to dinner and then to a bar. Afterwards, upon returning to their hotel, Gates and his friend spotted Johns and editor Steve Wacker in the lobby. After going to a nearby diner, Johns and Wacker had arrived there as well. After striking up a conversation, Gates, "...told them about how I just moved to L.A., and it turned out that Geoff and I shopped at the same comics shop, DJ's Universal, so we talked about that. We said our 'good-byes' and our 'nice-to-meet-you's' and then the host sat them, and then came back and sat us at the table literally right next to theirs. A table maybe five inches from their table. And we kind of all looked at each other and I thought, 'Can this get more awkward? I doubt it.'"
When Gates' friend, who was a rabid Johns fan, was not making the best first impression, Gates paid for Johns' and Wacker's meal as an apology. Gates hoped the meal would make up for his friend's behavior and after the generous act, Johns asked Gates directly, "Do you want a job?" Gates then interviewed with the writing staff for "" on Johns' recommendation and was hired. After the series' cancellation, Gates discussed his history of writing comics with Johns, which was previously unbeknownst to him. Johns asked to read Gates' early comics work. Johns was impressed, and after Gates submitted outlines to Johns inspired by the "Sinestro Corps War", Gates was interviewed by editor Eddie Berganza and was hired by DC Comics.
Gates told a back-up story about Sinestro Corps member Kryb with artist Jerry Ordway in "Tales of the Sinestro Corps: Superman Prime". He went on to write a two-part story about Alpha Lantern Boodikka in "Green Lantern Corps" #21-22. He then took over full writing duties of the "Supergirl" title featuring Kara Zor-El, starting with issue #34 of volume 5, in October 2008. Gates also contributed to the "" story arc.
Other projects include the "Prometheus" "Faces of Evil" one-shot with artist Federico Dallocchio.
Gates co-wrote the "War of the Supermen" storyline alongside "Superman" writer James Robinson.
As part of the DC Comics The New 52 relaunch, Gates initially wrote the "Hawk & Dove" series drawn by Rob Liefeld. He has officially left the series as of issue 5.
Gates took over the DC title Justice League's Vibe with issue 4, replacing Andrew Kriesberg on writing duties.
Personal life.
Gates lives in Los Angeles, where he is good friends with fellow writers and collaborators James Robinson and Geoff Johns.
Bibliography.
Comics work includes:

</doc>
<doc id="18612630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612630" title="Lambs Farm">
Lambs Farm

Lambs Farm is a non-profit organization in Libertyville, Illinois, that provides vocational and residential services for over 250 adults with developmental disabilities. Located on a campus, Lambs Farm includes several family attractions, including a petting zoo, a pet shop, a miniature golf course, several small amusement rides, a restaurant, a thrift shop, a country store and a bakery. Lambs Farm community members work at these attractions, or at a nearby vocational center.
Lambs Farm was formed in the 1960s by Corrine Owen and Robert Terese. Owen and Terese had been teaching at a school for adults with developmental disabilities, and were discouraged by the limited opportunities available to such people. In 1961, they opened a pet store near Chicago's Gold Coast and employed twelve of their students, who enthusiastically helped tend to the animals. Four years later, Owen and Therese acquired a farm in Libertyville with the help of W. Clement Stone and began developing the current Lambs Farm facility. By the late 1980s, Lambs Farm was hosting over 300,000 visitors a year, making it the third most popular attraction in Lake County, Illinois (behind Great America and the Ravinia Festival).
The farm takes its name from , in which Jesus tells St. Peter, "Feed my lambs." 

</doc>
<doc id="18612656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612656" title="Badal (disambiguation)">
Badal (disambiguation)

Badal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18612671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612671" title="Francesco Portinaro">
Francesco Portinaro

Francesco Portinaro (c. 1520 – ?1578) was an Italian composer and humanist of the Renaissance, active both in northern Italy and in Rome. He was closely associated with the Ferrarese Este family, worked for several humanistic Renaissance academies, and was well known as a composer of madrigals and dialogues.
Life.
He was born in Padua around 1520. While he published a book of motets in Venice in 1548, no biographical details are available for the period before 1550. He was the son of a Paduan official, was married to Laura d'Este, and was resident in the Este palace in Padua. In 1555 he applied unsuccessfully for the post of "maestro di cappella", music director, at the city's cathedral, and failing in this enterprise, spent the rest of the decade in humanistic as well as musical pursuits. In particular, he had an active life working for four secular groups: a group of musicians in Padua, and three humanistic academies in Vicenza, Padua, and Verona. Such academies were becoming common in the late 16th century, as a part of the Renaissance rebirth of humanistic thought; in music they were the location of the first experiments with monody and multi-voice dramatic vocal forms, the strands of which would eventually coalesce into opera.
The first of Portinaro's associations was an unnamed group he founded himself, which existed to further the musical careers of its members, which he created on June 21, 1555. Upon the dissolution of this fraternity he moved to Vicenza, where he joined the Accademia dei Costanti in that city, a society of humanists to which he dedicated his 1557 book of madrigals. In March 1557 he was back in Padua, for the newly formed Accademia degli Elevati. Of this group, some records survive of its specific activities, and his role in them. There were approximately forty members of the academy; unlike the original Accademia Filarmonica in Verona, the members themselves did not seem to do most of the music-making. Portinaro was hired as "maestro", and he was to find professional assistants to perform for the academy members. Their sessions, which involved lectures, speeches, and discussions about secular and Latin poetry and other humanistic topics, frequently began and ended with musical performances by Portinaro and his group. In addition, Portinaro and his assistants, of which there were three listed in the records, were required by the terms of his employment to teach singing, instrumental performance, and other aspects of music to any of the members who wished it. The organization did not survive long – in 1560 it dissolved, for reasons unknown. Portinaro dedicated a book of madrigals for them that year.
Next he went to Verona, where the "Accademia Filarmonica" hired him for a year beginning in 1561. At the end of the year he was replaced by Ippolito Chamaterò, who held the post for the next two years. Scipione Gonzaga was the recipient of a madrigal book of Portinaro's in 1563, in Padua; Gonzaga himself founded an academy in that city, the "Accademia degli Eterei", though Portinaro is not known to have been associated with them directly. From 1564 to 1566 or 1568 Portinaro was in Rome, in the service of Cardinal Ippolito II d'Este as music director for his considerable musical establishment – he had a group of 15 singers, with instrumentalists and an organist. Ippolito was a prominent patron of the arts, and brought much of the sumptuousness of the Ferrara Este court with him to the Holy City; he was also a patron of Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina around the same time that Portinaro was there. Portinaro probably wrote much of his sacred music, mostly motets, during his tenure in Rome.
There is some dispute over whether he remained in Rome after 1566: he may have moved to the service of Cardinal Luigi d'Este, but no documentation survives other than the suggestive dedication to Luigi d'Este of some motets that Portinaro published in 1568. Musicologist Alfred Einstein believed that Portinaro was in Venice sometime around 1567 as a printer and publisher, not of music but poetry, including verse by Pietro Bembo and others. Whether he went to Venice or not, in 1568 Portinaro moved back to Padua, and then later that same year went to Vienna, most likely to apply for the vacant post of choirmaster at the court of Maximilian II. Unsuccessful in this endeavor, he returned to Padua sometime before March 1569, and he seems to have spent the rest of his life in his native city.
In 1573 a new academy in Padua, the Accademia degli Rinascenti, hired him as music-master with duties similar to those he had held at the previous academy of the Elevati; he even hired as assistants some of the same people who had helped him before. Different this time was the existence of a rival academy in Padua, the Accademia degli Animosi, but neither academy lasted for long. Competition from nearby Venice, one of the major musical centers of Europe at the time, was too intense to allow for multiple such institutions in Padua, and just three years later, in 1576, an outbreak of bubonic plague killed 12,000 in the city and ended most of the significant musical activity there for years. Portinaro himself survived the plague, and was hired as "maestro di cappella" at Padua Cathedral in December 1576, staying there at least through August 1577, from which month a payment record survives. Cathedral archives indicate that he was dead in by January 1579, at which time the administration was searching for his replacement; however the date and circumstances of his death are not known.
Music and influence.
Portinaro wrote both sacred and secular vocal music, and also left a handful of lute intabulations, his only known instrumental music. His secular vocal music, which consisted of madrigals and dramatic dialogues, was the best-known portion of his output. He published six books of madrigals and dialogues in all, for between four and eight voices, as well as three books of motets. A few madrigals and motets were published separately, and an unpublished setting of the mass survives in the Munich Bayerische Staatsbibliothek.
Most of his secular vocal music he seems to have written for the academies of which he was the "maestro". He periodically gathered the pieces, madrigals and dramatic dialogues, into sets to publish and to dedicate to the academies and his aristocratic patrons. The madrigals show the influence of the Venetian School composers such as Adrian Willaert; in musical style they are polyphonic, reserved, and avoid the manneristic and experimental style of some of the mid-century composers such as Cipriano de Rore also working in the Venetian orbit. However Portinaro was innovative in developing dramatic characterization in his dialogues, an important predecessor to opera. An example composition was one he wrote for Maximilian II in Vienna, the first piece in the 1568 "Vergini" collection. This work, for seven voices, features the Seven Muses, who have been exiled and seek a peaceful new home: the home they find is the imperial court in Vienna. Unlike the Muses, Portinaro failed to find a home there, but the piece shows the contemporary trend towards dramatic characterization, with single voices representing single characters, and it also demonstrates the era's increasing use of secular stories, largely drawn from classical antiquity.
Portinaro likely wrote most of his motets both while in Rome in the service of Cardinal Ippolito II d'Este, and some date from his earliest, undocumented years. These works also show the influence of Netherlandish polyphony such as practiced by Willaert in nearby Venice.
The only instrumental music assigned to Portinaro is a series of lute intabulations which he published in Venice within the book on lute-playing by Florentine humanist, music theorist, lutenist, and composer Vincenzo Galilei (the father of the astronomer). Galilei likely made the intabulations himself, as Portinaro is not known to have been a lutenist. The publication was called "Fronimo dialogo di Vincentio Galilei fiorentino, nel quale si contengono le vere et necessarie regole del intavolare la musica nel liuto", and appeared in several editions in 1568, 1569 and 1584.

</doc>
<doc id="18612678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612678" title="Francisco de Albear">
Francisco de Albear

Francisco de Albear y Fernández de Lara (January 11, 1816, Havana – October 22, 1887, Havana) was a Spanish engineer from Cuba.
Son of colonel Francisco de Albear y Hernández, governor of the Morro Castle of Havana he was sent to study in mainland Spain and graduated in 1839 from the Military Engineering School of Guadalajara, Spain, with the rank of lieutenant. He was assigned to the Corps of Engineers of Cuba in 1845. Eventually he reached the rank of Brigadier General of the Royal Corps of Engineers, being in charge of over 182 projects in Cuba. He also was involved in scientific research, and was member of various scientific institutions among which: the Royal Academy of Sciences of Madrid (Spanish Royal Academy of Sciences ) (corresponding member), the Royal Geographic Society of Spain (Real Sociedad Geográfica de España) (founding member), the Scientific Society of Brussels (Société Scientifique de Bruxelles) the Royal Economic Society of the Friends of the Country of Havana (Real Sociedad Económica de Amigos del País de La Habana) and the Royal Academy of Medical, Physical and Natural Sciences of Havana (Real Academia de Ciencias Médicas, Físicas y Naturales de La Habana), being vicepresident of the latter. 
His main achievement was the project for the catchment of the Vento springs and their conveyance to Havana for the water supply of the city, now known as the Acueducto de Albear. The project was designed in 1855 and the construction started in 1861, being completed only in 1893. The project was distinguished with the Gold Medal of the Éxposition universelle of Paris 1878. The aqueduct is still in operation. 
For his merits he was awarded the title of marquess of San Felipe and distinguished with the Great Cross of the Royal and Military Order of San Hermenegildo, Knight of the Royal and military order of San Fernando (Real y militar Orden de San Fernando) and the Order of Military Merit. 
A park in Havana is named after Francisco de Albear and a statue by José Vilalta Saavedra was erected in the park and inaugurated on March 15, 1895.
The Cuban poet Enrique José Varona wrote a poem dedicated to Francisco de Albear.

</doc>
<doc id="18612684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612684" title="Ehud Havazelet">
Ehud Havazelet

Ehud Havazelet (born July 13, 1955) is an American novelist and short story writer.
Ehud Havazelet was born in Jerusalem, Israel. His father, Meir Havazelet, a rabbi and emeritus professor at Yeshiva University emigrated to the United States in 1957. He graduated from Columbia University in 1977, and received an M.F.A at the University of Iowa Writers Workshop in 1984. He became a Jones Lecturer at Stanford University, from 1985 to 1989, and a Wallace Stegner Fellow. He taught creative writing at Oregon State University from 1989 to 1999. Since 1999, he has taught at the University of Oregon, where he holds the position of Professor of Creative Writing.

</doc>
<doc id="18612685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612685" title="2002 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
2002 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 2002 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 2002年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 2002 for the 2001 music season.
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 2002 are as follows.
Other awards.
The top 10 outstanding artist was also extended to 15 artists.

</doc>
<doc id="18612687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612687" title="2008–09 HV71 season">
2008–09 HV71 season

The 2008–09 HV71 season saw HV71's attempt to defend their Swedish Championship title and win the regular season for a second consecutive season. It was the 25th season in the Swedish elite league Elitserien for the club. The club ended fourth after the regular season and managed to go to the finals but was beaten by Färjestads BK who won the Swedish Championship.
HV71 started the season in the beginning of August playing in the Nordic Trophy, finishing in fifth place, and continued to play in an exhibition game against Malmö Redhawks. HV71 opened the Elitserien regular season against Frölunda HC on September 15, winning the game 6-2. During the first 16 regular season games HV71 never scored the first goal in any of the matches. After the end of the regular season, HV71 ended as the fourth ranked team in the Elitserien regular season standings.
During the season, HV71 played in the inaugural season of the Champions Hockey League. The first group stage match was played in Jönköping on October 8 against the Swiss team SC Bern. HV71 won the game with a score of 6-2. The group stage matches were played in October to beginning of December 2008. HV71 finished second in group B and did not qualify for the semi-finals.
Offseason.
April 28: Defenseman Per Gustafsson and winger Johan Lindström re-signed with HV71. Both agreed to a one-year extension. Defenseman Lance Ward and centre Jari Kauppila left for play in Germany and Finland respectively.
May 5: Centre Yared Hagos signed a one-year contract with HV71 as their first new signing for the season 2008–09.
May 8: Defenseman Johan Åkerman left and signed with the Russian team Lokomotiv Yaroslav.
May 9: HV71 signed defenseman Nicholas Angell to a one-year contract. Due to Swedish tax laws Angell will join the club in October 2008.
May 19: HV71 signed youth players Henrik Eriksson, Simon Önerud, David Ullström and youth goaltender Christoffer Bengtsberg to a one-year contract.
June 19: HV71 signed right winger Kim Staal to a one-year contract.
June 21: Left winger Mattias Tedenby drafted by the New Jersey Devils in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
July 1: Wingers Per Ledin and Andreas Jämtin used their NHL out-clauses and signed with the Colorado Avalanche and New York Rangers, respectively.
July 8: HV71 signed winger Teemu Laine to a one-year contract.
July 22: HV71 re-signed winger David Fredriksson to a one-year contract.
Pre-season.
HV71 began the pre-season playing in the Swedish-Finnish tournament Nordic Trophy, a total of nine games plus two playoff games, from August 7 to September 6, 2008. HV71 ended the tournament as the fifth placed team after defeating Färjestads BK in the last playoff game. Before the regular Elitserien season started HV71 played against the HockeyAllsvenskan team Malmö Redhawks in Malmö.
Nordic Trophy.
Playoffs.
HV71 ended the 2008 Nordic Trophy regular round as the eight seed. The played in the semi-final for the fifth place game against Kärpät. With a win over the Finnish team, HV71 played and won against Färjestads BK and clinched a final Nordic Trophy ranking as the fifth placed team.
Playoffs.
HV71 ended the 2008–09 regular season as the fourth placed team and was paired with the last playoff team, the eighth seed, Timrå IK, after the 1st through 3rd seeded teams picked their opponents for the quarterfinals.
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalties in Minutes"
Regular season
"Updated after the end of the regular season"
Playoffs
"Updated after the end of the playoffs"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; TOI = Time On Ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; OTW = Overtime Wins; OTL = Overtime Losses GA = Goals Against; SO = Shutouts; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Regular season
"Updated after the end of the regular season"
Playoffs
"Updated after the end of the playoffs"
Champions Hockey League.
HV71 played in group B in the 2008–09 Champions Hockey League. The group's matches were played between October 8 and December 3, 2008. HV71 finished on second place and did not qualify for the semi-finals.
Group B standings.
x - clinched playoff spot, e - eliminated from playoff contention
Transactions.
1 Left HV71 after 38 games in season 2008–09.
2 Contracted in late January for the remainder of season 2008–09.
Draft picks.
HV71 players picked at the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="18612689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612689" title="Puerto Rico Highway 185">
Puerto Rico Highway 185

Puerto Rico Highway 185 is a main highway that connects Canóvanas, Puerto Rico to Juncos, Puerto Rico and is about 25 kilometers long. It begins in downtown of Canóvanas, very close to Puerto Rico Highway 3 and ends in Puerto Rico Highway 952 and Puerto Rico Highway 30 in Juncos. For people coming from/going to Caguas, the highway has a direct intersection with PR-30; for those coming from/going to Humacao, drivers have to take short highway PR-952 and then take PR-189 just before its intersection with PR-30, hence this exit being one of the most disorganized junctions in the island between a main highway and a main freeway or tollway in the island. New Puerto Rico Highway 66 also has a poor-designed intersection with the highway, since it only allow people going to/coming from Carolina (west) and not the east. This is probably because the short segment open from the new tollway immediately ends at PR-3 only 2 kilometers from the exit to PR-185 and thus expected to be fixed when the segment to Rio Grande opens to the public.
The highway enters a small portion of Carolina, before it enters Canóvanas. PR-185 serves as an alternate route for people who drive the way between the metro area and the southeast, and it does not climb many hills and is generally wide. It is a much better option than taking Puerto Rico Highway 181 or going to Fajardo and then go south via PR-53, since the island is wider in the north than in the south segment.

</doc>
<doc id="18612699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612699" title="Tramlining">
Tramlining

Tramlining is the tendency of a vehicle's wheels to follow the contours in the surface upon which it runs. The term comes from the tendency of a car's wheels to follow the normally recessed rails of street trams, without driver input in the same way that the train does. The same effect is sometimes called Nibbling.
Tramlining can usually be blamed on tires, and its incidence depends greatly on the model of tire and its state of wear. Although not normally dangerous, at very high speeds it can become a source of instability.
Vehicles with large and wide low profile tires are more prone to the effects as well as vehicles which have wheels fitted that are larger than the manufacturers recommendation or have reinforced sidewalls. People who are relatively inexperienced with driving with this tendency will feel that they have to make continual course corrections and it is very easy to overcompensate the steering, which could potentially lead to veering off the road especially if the road is a narrow track/country road.
The effects of tramlining can be eased by subjecting the vehicle to an inspection and calibration of the wheels (i.e. a full geometry check) or replacing the tires with non-reinforced (soft sidewall) tires.

</doc>
<doc id="18612704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612704" title="Amtrak/Springfield Terminal Railroad Bridge">
Amtrak/Springfield Terminal Railroad Bridge

The Amtrak/Springfield Terminal Railroad Bridge, also known as Warehouse Point railroad bridge, is a rail girder bridge with a truss main span crossing over the Connecticut River, connecting the towns of Enfield, Connecticut and Suffield, Connecticut. It is one of several iron bridges erected in the United States before the end of the American Civil War.
History and construction of the bridge.
A wooden Howe truss railroad bridge was originally constructed in 1843 at this site by the Hartford and Springfield Railroad Company. In 1865-66, a new bridge was constructed to replace the old one. The bridge was built in sections in England and shipped to the United States. The pieces were then riveted together on site. The bridge was rebuilt and double-tracked in 1903-04.

</doc>
<doc id="18612713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612713" title="Juan Jose Warner">
Juan Jose Warner

Juan Jose Warner (b. 1807 - d. 1890), a naturalized American-Mexican citizen, developed Warner's Ranch in Warner Springs, California. From 1849 to 1861, the ranch was important as a stop for emigrant travelers on the Southern Emigrant Trail, including the Gila River Emigrant Trail and the Butterfield Overland Mail stagecoach line. Warner established the only trading post between New Mexico and Los Angeles. Warner's Ranch was designated a National Historic Landmark.
Early life.
Warner was born in 1807 as Jonathan Trumbull Warner in Connecticut. He went west, travelling with a trading party from St. Louis in 1830, bound for Santa Fe. The following year he traveled with fur trappers to California. In 1907, Colonel J. J. Warner wrote about his California trapping days in "Reminiscences of Early California -1831 to 1846".
Career.
In California Warner first trapped beaver for several years. From 1834-1841 he worked in a merchandising store in Los Angeles. As Mexico had controlled California since Mexican independence in 1821, Warner became a naturalized Mexican citizen and changed his name to Juan Jose Warner. About 1843 he moved to San Diego.
In 1844, Warner was granted the Rancho San Jose del Valle Mexican land grant, previously granted to José Antonio Pico and abandoned. He established what became known as Warner's Ranch near Warner Springs, California. The ranch property included hot springs. After he started serving travelers in 1849 on the Southern Trail, Warner set up the only trading post between New Mexico and Los Angeles. 
Warner's ranch was historic territory of the Cupeño Indians, who had inhabited the area for centuries before Spanish missionaries entered the area. Their land taken over, many of the Cupeños worked for Warner on the ranch and constructed a village nearby. 
After California became part of the United States, taxes were imposed on the Cupeño, one of a series of issues that led in 1851 to the Garra Uprising. In the revolt, several of the Warner ranch buildings were burned down. Warner moved his family to Los Angeles, but continued to manage the ranch for years. The ranch was used as a stop on the Butterfield Overland Mail stagecoach line, which operated from 1857-1861.
Warner lost the ranch when his grant was challenged by a previous claimant. He was active in California politics in Los Angeles, where he died in 1890.
The Cupeño gained no legal remedy to their issues, but remained settled around the hot springs, to which they charged some travelers admission. In 1880 the ranch was purchased by John G. Downey, a former governor of the state. In 1892 Downey tried to evict the Cupeño from the property. They filed suit against him, but lost in federal court in 1901 and were forced to relocate in 1903 to the Pala Indian Reservation about 20 miles away.

</doc>
<doc id="18612729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612729" title="Curtiss Patrick">
Curtiss Patrick

Curtiss Patrick (born October 8, 1979) is a retired American professional ice hockey defenseman.
Career.
Curtiss has appeared in 172 games in the ECHL for the Wheeling Nailers and 11 games in the AHL, ten for the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins and one for the Springfield Falcons, posting 8 goals, 19 assists, and 516 minutes in penalties. He formerly played in the Elite Ice Hockey League in the United Kingdom for the Basingstoke Bison, in November left the club and moved to Wichita Thunder.
Family.
He is the great-grandson of Lester Patrick and the grandson of Lynn Patrick. His father Glenn Patrick and uncle Craig Patrick also played in the NHL. His Great Great Uncle Is Frank Patrick and his Great Uncle is Muzz Patrick, both of whom played or coached in the NHL.

</doc>
<doc id="18612732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612732" title="Sargento mayor">
Sargento mayor

Sargento mayor ("sergeant major") was a rank immediately below that of "maestro de campo" in the Spanish "tercio"s of the 16th and 17th centuries. Initially second in rank to a "coronel" ("colonel") in a "colunella", the "sargento mayor" became second in rank to the "maestre de campo" after the creation of the "tercio"s in 1534. He took care of the tactical training, security and lodging of the troops of the "tercio". Also he transmitted the orders of the "maestre de campo" or the "capitán general" to subordinate officers.

</doc>
<doc id="18612733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612733" title="Jack Conway (footballer)">
Jack Conway (footballer)

John Joseph "Jack" Conway (26 March 1867 – 22 October 1949) was an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He was Geelong's first captain in the VFL, captaining the club for its first three seasons in the new competition before retiring at the end of the 1899 season. He is also notable for being in the inaugural team for Geelong in the VFL, and is credited with being the first player selected for a Geelong team.
Personal life.
Jack married Mary Catherine "Polly" Doloughty and had 5 children from 1899 to 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="18612737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612737" title="Eaton collection">
Eaton collection

The Eaton Collection of Science Fiction and Fantasy, formerly known as the J. Lloyd Eaton Collection of Science Fiction, Fantasy, Horror, and Utopian Literature, is the largest cataloged and publicly accessible collection of science fiction, fantasy, horror and utopian and dystopian literature in the world. The collection is housed in Special Collections & Archives of the UCR Libraries at the University of California, Riverside. It consists of more than 300,000 items, including hardcover and paperback books, SF fanzines, film and visual material, and comic books, including Manga and Anime, as well as a variety of archival materials.
History.
When the family of the late Oakland physician and book collector Dr. J. Lloyd Eaton (1902–1968) sought a home for his collection, science fiction was considered an inferior literary product—pleasant enough as a diversion, but unworthy of serious academic study. As even public libraries did not regularly acquire science fiction, there was no comprehensive collection available anywhere outside of private hands. Dr. Eaton's collection, acquired by UCR's University Librarian Donald Wilson in 1969, consisted of about 7,500 hardback editions of science fiction, fantasy, and horror from the late nineteenth century to 1955, and it contained many rare and unusual titles. The development of the collection continued under University Librarian Eleanor Montague, who created the position of Eaton Curator, hiring for the position George Slusser, a Harvard-trained literary scholar. During Slusser's 25-year curatorship, the Eaton collection grew to more than 100,000 volumes, ranging from the 1517 edition of Thomas More's "Utopia" to the most recently published titles. Foreign works of science fiction have been added systematically, including works in Chinese, Czech, French, German, Hebrew, Japanese, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, and Spanish. The collection also includes journals, comic books, and fanzines, primarily acquired as donations from collectors Terry Carr, Bruce Pelz, Fred Patten, and Rick Sneary. In recent years, films, videos, DVDs, film scripts, and illustrated narratives have been added, most of which were donated. The archival holdings comprise the papers of leading science fiction and fantasy authors, including Gregory Benford, F. M. Busby, Michael Cassutt, Robert L. Forward, Anne McCaffrey, William Rotsler, James White, and Colin Wilson.
Eaton SF conference.
After a three-year gap, the conference resumed at UCR with the theme "Chronicling Mars", May 16–18, 2008. The 2009 conference, "Extraordinary Voyages: Jules Verne and Beyond" was held April 30–May 3, 2009. The 2011 conference on "Global Science Fiction" was held February 11–13, 2011 at Riverside's historic Mission Inn Hotel & Spa. The most recent conference was held April 11–14, 2013, on the subject "Science Fiction Media". 
Eaton Award.
The conference sponsors the J. Lloyd Eaton Memorial Award. From 1979 to 2001 it recognized the "best critical book of each year", although it was not precisely annual. From 2008 it is a lifetime achievement award, in full the J. Lloyd Eaton Lifetime Achievement Award in Science Fiction, recognizing "contributions of lasting significance to the field". The four recipients to 2011 were Ray Bradbury, Frederik Pohl, Samuel R. Delany, and Harlan Ellison.
The conference is now biennial and includes presentations of the awards for two years. Ursula K. Le Guin is the Eaton Lifetime Achievement Award winner for 2012. Both Ray Harryhausen and Stan Lee have been named for 2013 "to honor both science fiction film culture and science fiction comic book culture".

</doc>
<doc id="18612740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612740" title="Kevin Greutert">
Kevin Greutert

Kevin Greutert (born March 31, 1965) is an American film director, film editor and writer, best known for his work on the "Saw" film series. He is married to actress Elizabeth Rowin.
Career.
Greutert was the film editor for "The Strangers" (2008), "Room 6" (2006), and "Journey to the End of the Night" (2006). He was the editor of the "Saw series" for the first five films. He made his feature directorial debut with "Saw VI", which was released on October 23, 2009.
Greutert was signed on to direct "Paranormal Activity 2", but he was forced off the project and onto "Saw 3D" after Twisted Pictures (production company behind the "Saw" films) exercised a "contractual clause" in his contract. Tod Williams replaced him as director for "Paranormal Activity 2". "Saw 3D" was released on October 29, 2010.
Greutert has also published fiction in such magazines as Ambit and Magic Realism, and performed music on several film scores, including the Paul Bowles documentary "Things Gone and Things Still Here".
He recently completed the thriller Jessabelle for producer Jason Blum and Lionsgate, which will be released on January 10, 2014.
He is currently directing another thriller called Visions, also for Jason Blum.

</doc>
<doc id="18612750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612750" title="List of TVB series (1982)">
List of TVB series (1982)

This is a list of series released by or aired on TVB Jade Channel in 1982.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18612755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612755" title="Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1968–1970">
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1968–1970

This is a list of members of the South Australian House of Assembly from 1968 to 1970, as elected at the 1968 state election:

</doc>
<doc id="18612756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612756" title="Indus Refinery Limited">
Indus Refinery Limited

Indus Refinery Limited is a petroleum company based in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
Company.
IRL’s refinery site is located near Port Qasim on the Main National Highway, approximately 21 kilometers from FOTCO Oil Jetty. 

</doc>
<doc id="18612758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612758" title="Bertrand du Castel">
Bertrand du Castel

Bertrand du Castel is a French-American author and scientist who won in 2005 the Visionary Award
units worldwide. In 2008, du Castel and Timothy M. Jurgensen published "Computer Theology: Intelligent Design of the World Wide Web", a theology of the World Wide Web based on a comparative study of human societies and computer networks.
Biography.
Du Castel was born in 1952 in France a descendant of Louis-Eugène Cavaignac, who governed France as Prime Minister before being defeated by Napoléon III, and Paul Dubois, whose Joan of Arc sculpture stands in Washington D.C. A graduate of Ecole Polytechnique with a 1977 PhD from the University of Paris in Theoretical Computer Science, he was a Post-Doctoral Fellow at the IBM France Research Center before hiring with Schlumberger in France in 1978. He emigrated to the United States in 1983 where he has lived in Austin, Texas since, becoming an American citizen in 1994.
In 2000, du Castel was invited by the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence to
make a presentation of artificial intelligence advances in the industry that were original to academia. Consequently, du Castel was invited to present at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County (2001),
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (2001),
University of Texas at Austin (2002),
Peking University (2002),
Tsinghua University (2002),
Purdue University (2002),
Grenoble Institute of Technology (2003),
University of Paris (2004)
and University of Hamburg (2004),
which increasingly constituted the matter of a book on the relationship between religion and digital networks.
In 2005 du Castel joined with Timothy M. Jurgensen, author of two books on computer security, to write "Computer Theology: Intelligent Design of the World Wide Web", which uses theological principles to study the role of religion in computer networks, and reciprocally studies religion in the light of well-established computer concepts such as trust. The book eventually proposed in 2008 a reference for the field of Computer Theology, following the road traced earlier by Donald Knuth
and Anne Foerst,
aiming at a better understanding of computer evolution as well as religion.
Publications.
Book:
Main publications in computer security, logic, artificial intelligence, software engineering, and linguistics:

</doc>
<doc id="18612760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612760" title="Robert Glenn Ketchum">
Robert Glenn Ketchum

Robert Glenn Ketchum (born December 1, 1947) is a landscape and nature photographer whose work has a strong environmental advocacy message.
Life and career.
Ketchum attended high school at the Webb School of California. He then studied design as an undergrad at UCLA and began his study in photography under the direction of Edmund Teske and Robert Heinecken. He later received an MFA from the California Institute of the Arts in 1974. After he graduated he began a lifelong friendship with Eliot Porter, who helped form his ideas about photography and about how photography can be used to help change the world.
In his 30-year career, Ketchum has become well known as a photographer-environmentalist. In its centennial edition, "Audubon" magazine included Ketchum in their list of 100 people "who shaped the environmental movement in the 20th century." He was also listed by "American Photo" magazine as one of the 100 most important people in photography, as well as being named the 2001 Outstanding Photographer of the Year by the North American Nature Photography Association and Outstanding Person of the Year 2000 by "Photo Media" magazine.
Ketchum and his close friend master printer Michael Wilder pioneered Cibachrome color printmaking in the early 1970s. They were also among the first contemporary photographers to explore print scale. Ketchum's distinctive and very dimensional prints are in numerous collections, including the Museum of Modern Art (New York City), the National Museum of American Art (Washington, D.C.), the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles, and the Metropolitan Museum of Art (New York City), to name a few. Significant archives of more than 100 images have been acquired by the Amon Carter Museum in Texas and the Huntington Library in Los Angeles, and substantial bodies of work can be found at the High Museum in Atlanta, the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, the Akron Art Museum, the Stanford University Art Museum and the Herbert F. Johnson Museum of Cornell University.
As a curator and author, Ketchum has published with Harry N. Abrams and Viking Books, and has seven individual titles with Aperture. Prior to his emergence as a photographer, he was a widely recognized curator, discovering the Paul Outerbridge, Jr., estate, bringing recognition to the overlooked work of James Van Der Zee, and authoring "American Photographers and the National Parks". After publication of his last title Ketchum began to concentrate on his own politically focused projects and publications such as "The Tongass: Alaska's Vanishing Rain Forest".
In 2010 "American Photo" magazine named Ketchum as the first conservation photographer ever to receive the Master Series distinction. In twenty years of publishing, "American Photo" has only designated four other photographers with the Master Series.
Ketchum has had over 400 one-man and group shows, and his photographs are in major museum collections throughout the world. He is a founding Fellow of the International League of Conservation Photographers.
References.
Notes
Further reading

</doc>
<doc id="18612761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612761" title="The Iceman Ducketh">
The Iceman Ducketh

The Iceman Ducketh is a 1964 Warner Bros. "Looney Tunes" theatrical cartoon starring Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck. This cartoon short is directed by Phil Monroe and co-directed by Maurice Noble, with a story by John Dunn. That was the last Warner Bros. theatrical cartoon featuring Bugs and Daffy together until "Box Office Bunny" in 1990, and the last that Chuck Jones worked on, though he was fired at an early stage of production and replaced by Monroe (by the time it was released, Jones had already produced two cartoons at his new studio, Sib-Tower 12).
The roaring of the angry bears in the cartoon seems to be the same sound effect used for the monster's roar in the feature film "The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms", which was also produced by Warner Bros.
Clips from this cartoon were used and commentated on by John Madden and Pat Summerall as the second quarter of the 2001 Cartoon Network special "The Big Game XXIX: Bugs Vs. Daffy".
Summary.
At a trading post up in the Klondike, many fur trappers have come in to trade in their furs for big bucks after a successful fur trapping season. When Daffy Duck sees Garcon, the manager of the trading post, giving money to the last fur trapper, he checks in to ask if trading in furs for money is true. Garcon answers it's true, but Daffy decides to go out and trap some fur for money, just as Garcon warns him that fur trapping season is over due to the approaching winter.
Scoffing at the idea of winter, Daffy vows to catch a fur just as winter sets in just as suddenly. Bugs Bunny makes a snow rabbit, telling us it'll fool Daffy for a while while he makes his getaway. Daffy comes up to the snow rabbit and warns him not to move or be pulverized. When the coal nose of the snow rabbit falls off, Daffy takes that as movement and proceeds to whack the snow rabbit to pieces until he hits a hibernating bear, whom the snow rabbit was built over. Angry at having his hibernation disturbed, the bear claws Daffy, who runs off thinking the bear missed until he falls to pieces.
Just as Bugs is tutting off Daffy's misfortune, Daffy catches up and pokes his rifle at him. When Bugs asks Daffy if he's got some antipathy towards him, Daffy states he's only after the fur, of which he finds Bugs' to be the softest he's felt. As Bugs starts bragging about getting his suits from "the same tailor as the Duke of Windsor," Daffy just states he's not interested in any "sales pitch" (Ken Harris animates this scene—his last work at Warner's). Daffy refuses to give Bugs a sporting chance and threatens to shoot him in the neck, but Bugs kisses him, plugs up his gun with his carrot and runs away. Daffy tries to shoot Bugs, but the gun expands from the carrot and as Daffy tries to dislodge the carrot; the gun explodes in his face.
Later, Daffy ignores a sign warning him there are hibernating animals, vowing that Bugs can be the only animal that's not going to get any sleep this winter. No sooner does he say that than he comes across an alarm clock, that rings and wakes up another hibernating bear. Thinking Daffy to be responsible for the rude awakening, the bear chases him straight into a cave where Bugs directs them. Bugs then seals up the cave entrance with a boulder, leaving the bear to pummel Daffy, who finally exits the cave looking a little worse for wear.
Further on, Bugs has come across a sign warning him that he's in avalanche territory just as Daffy comes running up. Bugs manages to inform him of where they are and instructs him to follow on tiptoe. Daffy obliges and, after a few seconds, asks Bugs if it's safe to talk. Bugs pretends he didn't hear, prompting Daffy to ask again in his loudest whisper. When Bugs again pretends not to hear, Daffy gets mad enough to simply shout his question, causing snow to fall all over him. Bugs informs him that it wasn't safe then and Daffy thanks him by shouting again and getting more snow in the face.
Back at his hole, Bugs goes down for a rest just as Daffy comes up with dynamite. As Daffy trails out the wire, Bugs moves the hole so he secretly places the dynamite next to Daffy, just as Daffy prepares a detonator. After the dynamite explodes on Daffy, Daffy states how he's going to cry.
Bugs manages to take refuge in a tree, forcing Daffy to put firewood around the stump in an attempt to smoke him out, but the fire melts the snow on the tree, causing it to fall on Daffy and freeze him in an ice statue. Bugs takes this event to make his getaway, but Daffy manages to free himself and get blasted by his own gun while trying to free it from the ice statue ("Whose side are you on?"). Using skis, Daffy pursues Bugs to the lake, firing his gun as he goes. Inspired by a guy's action in a toothpaste ad, Bugs creates an "invisible shield" by throwing out a bucket of water, which freezes into a shield, which Daffy crashes into. This gag spoofs Colgate commercials of the early 1960s.
Up a hill, Daffy drops a pebble that rolls into a giant snowball, in the hopes it will engulf Bugs. The snowball misses Bugs by a few inches, but engulfs three hibernating bears in a cave and falls out the other end of the cave. After a brief boulder catapult gag, similar to those from the Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner cartoons, the snowball lands on Daffy, who runs up a tree just as the angry bears threaten to massacre him.
Later that night, Bugs decides to turn in for winter hibernation and bids Daffy and the bears goodnight. Daffy, now looking blue from the cold and worse for wear from an unseen fight with the bears (that might've taken place during the blackout between this scene and the snowball gag), simply curses over the mess he's gotten himself into while still clinging to the treetop.
Availability.
""The Iceman Ducketh"" is available, uncensored and uncut, on the "Looney Tunes Superstars" DVD. However, it was cropped to widescreen.

</doc>
<doc id="18612763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612763" title="Puerto Rico Highway 204">
Puerto Rico Highway 204

Puerto Rico Highway 204 was previously a short connector road between PR-22 and PR-2 in Barceloneta, Puerto Rico but was renumbered Puerto Rico Highway 140, and a new PR-204 was built in Las Piedras, Puerto Rico, which connects Puerto Rico Highway 30 and Puerto Rico Highway 198 to Puerto Rico Highway 183 in the municipality. The new connector was constructed to better serve residents of the town which can only enter through the exit to PR-183 and has a high frequency of long congestion and traffic jams. The main movie theater in the east coast can be accessed by the road.

</doc>
<doc id="18612765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612765" title="Betty Ann Kane">
Betty Ann Kane

Betty Ann Kane was elected an at-large member of the Council of the District of Columbia in 1978 and served for 12 years. Kane is now a commissioner on the District of Columbia Public Service Commission.
Kane was a nonresident elected city commissioner for Rehoboth Beach, Delaware, from 1996 to 2005.
Political career.
Kane was elected to the D.C. school board in 1974.
In 1978, at-large city council member Douglas E. Moore decided to run for council chairman rather than for reelection, and Kane took the opportunity to run for the seat he was vacating. She narrowly defeated H.R. Crawford in the Democratic primary and went on to win the general election. She was reelected in 1982 and 1986.
In 1990, Kane ran for delegate to Congress but lost in the primary to Eleanor Holmes Norton.

</doc>
<doc id="18612767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612767" title="Immigration to South Africa">
Immigration to South Africa

The demographics of South Africa have uncommon profile, marked by a heterogeneous population base, social issues brought on by the legacy of apartheid, divisions within ethnic groups, HIV/AIDS and emigration. The "Rainbow Nation" demography consequently plays a prominent role in public policy.
Blacks compose about 79.6% (2007 est.) of the population and represent different ethnic groups, including Zulu, Xhosa, Ndebele, Pedi, Sotho and Swazi, as well as recent immigrants from other parts of Africa (particularly Zimbabwe and Nigeria). Whites compose 9.1% (2007 est), being the descendants of Dutch, French, British, and German settlers who began arriving at the Cape from the late 17th century, immigrants from Europe who arrived in South Africa in the twentieth century, and Portuguese who left the former Portuguese colonies of southern Africa (Angola and Mozambique) after their independence in the mid-1970s. Coloureds (8.8%, 2007 est) are mixed-race people primarily descended from the earliest settlers, their slaves, and the indigenous peoples. The remaining 2.4% are categorised as 'Indian/Asian', including the descendants of Indian indentured sugar estate workers and traders who came to South Africa in the mid-19th (particularly around Natal), as well as a few Chinese South Africans, approximately 100,000 people.
The 2012 HSBC Expat Experience Report ranked South Africa 9th in their league table based on expat experiences.
Permits and visas.
Foreign immigrants coming to South Africa can choose between a variety of permits depending on their reason for visiting South Africa, as well as the time they would like to spend in South Africa. Immigrants can choose between temporary residence permits and permanent residence permits. In many cases however the person concerned would have to apply and be holding a temporary residence permit for a number of years, before applying for a permanent residence permit.
Work permit options include the general work permit, the special or exceptional skills permit and the quota work permit. Companies, wishing to employ a large number of foreign employees can apply for a corporate work permit for South Africa. Cape Town's growing business process outsourcing industry regularly makes use of this work permit option in order to legally employ foreign nationals for customer service positions.
Investors and entrepreneurs opening a business in South Africa or buying into an existing business can apply for a business permit, also known as a company permit. Partners or spouses of South Africans or permanent residency holders are often encouraged to apply for a life partnership or spouse permit. Business, work or study endorsements can be added to this permit. 
For foreigners wishing to retire in South Africa, a retirement or financially independent permit can be issued. Study permits can be issued to foreigners of any age wishing to study at one of South Africa's accredited learning institutions. 
When entering South Africa for the first time foreign passports are stamped with a visitor permit, valid for 90 days.
Challenges for immigrants.
On 12 May 2008 a series of riots started in the township of Alexandra (in the north-eastern part of Johannesburg) when locals attacked migrants from Mozambique, Malawi and Zimbabwe, killing two people and injuring 40 others.
The violence spread to other townships later that week across the Gauteng Province of South Africa with riots reported in several settlements including Diepsloot, Johannesburg central, Jeppestown, Hillbrow and others. A man was burnt to death near Reiger Park on the East Rand. Police had arrested more than 200 people on charges including murder, attempted murder, rape, public violence and robbery. Armed police used tear gas and rubber bullets to quell rioting in central Johannesburg, attacks on foreigners and looting of foreign owned shops. The violence then spread to the coastal city of Durban
Criticism also exists in the form of immigrants to South Africa getting upset with the authorities. As of mid-2010, the South African Department of Home Affairs has removed the ability for people to lodge immigration applications locally and regionally, and these are now all sent to what has been nicknamed "The Hub" by immigration practitioners and consultancies. This is an effort to curb the corruption and bribery which was rife in the local Home Affairs offices, and has to some extent succeeded in doing so. The Department of Home Affairs has also threatened to remove Immigration Practitioners from the Immigration Act, which would effectively mean that only lawyers or state-appointed immigration officers could represent someone in lodging a permit application, otherwise they would have to submit themselves, and in person. This in the face of the long waiting times to receive most permits.

</doc>
<doc id="18612771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612771" title="Nikolay Padius">
Nikolay Padius

Nikolay Padius (also spelled Nikolai Padius; born January 9, 1980 in Saint Petersburgh, Russia, Soviet Union) is a Russian professional basketball player. He is 1.97 m (6 ft 5 ¾ in) in height and he weighs 91 kg (200 pounds). He plays at the shooting guard position. He currently plays with the pro club BC Lokomotiv-Kuban Krasnodar.

</doc>
<doc id="18612778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612778" title="Masahiko Kimura (bonsai artist)">
Masahiko Kimura (bonsai artist)

His father died when Masahiko was 11. By the wishes of his mother, at age 15 he started spending his time as an apprentice under the bonsai master Motosuke Hamano of Toju-en Bonsai Garden. This was for eleven years until about 1966. (Kimura would later say that during his teens he really wanted to be a rock and roll musician.) After this he took to working in the horticulture field on his own. 
He went on to become known as the "Magical Technician of "Kindai Shuppan"." (Kimura has said that he personally doesn't really care for the title of "Magician.") His breathtaking sculpting and styling of trees on behalf of that Kyoto bonsai magazine publisher was done using hand and power tools of his own design. His skill with carving deadwood quickly made him well known in the bonsai community. While his work was at first highly controversial, his energy and vision soon became as respected as his art. A characteristic of his trees is a defined interplay of artistically sculptured deadwood with a smaller amount of more traditionally appearing live wood snaking up from the soil to foliage apex. Many of his trees have a more elaborate starkness than is ordinarily found in the wild, innovatively creative without historic model.
Because of Kimura's willingness to break with convention, many in Japan refused to take him seriously, at least in the early years. Nowadays, no one disputes Kimura's genius or his pioneering position in the bonsai world. The sometimes controversial author and videotape producer has traveled in many countries, doing presentations and demonstrations. He first demonstrated and conducted a workshop outside of Japan at the 1987 Golden State Federation Bonsai Convention in Anaheim, California. Kimura has demonstrated at these other major conventions, among others: Golden State Bonsai Federation (1990 Burlingame and 2006 Sacramento); World Bonsai Friendship Federation (1989 Omiya, Japan and 1997 Seoul, Korea); European Bonsai Association (1990 Turin, Italy and 1992 Luxembourg); Bonsai Clubs International (1992 Memphis, Tennessee, 1996 Washington, D.C. and 2006 Foshan City, China); American Bonsai Society Symposium (2000 Detroit, Michigan); Asia-Pacific Bonsai and Suiseki Exhibition and Convention (2003 Manila, Philippines and 2011 Takamatsu, Japan); Federatión Latino Americana de Bonsai (2003 Caracas, Venezuela); and Association of Australian Clubs (2005 Sydney). 
His work as documented in the form of articles and photographs has graced the pages of many major specialty publications around the world. Trees designed by him, mostly Juniperus chinensis var. Shimpaku, won the prestigious Prime Minister's Award for the years 1988, 1995, 2000, and 2001, and the Minister of Education Award in 1999. He has had a number of students and apprentices from Japan, Europe, and America, several of which have gone on to become masters in their own right. These include Marco Invernizzi, Salvatore Liporace, Ernie Kuo, Marc Noelanders, Kawabe Takeo, and Ryan Neil 
Katsuhito Onishi edited the Japanese texts "The Magical Technician of Kindai Shuppan" in 1982, "Part II" in 1984, and "Part III" in 1989. The English version, made up of "Part II" with some of "Part I", was published as "The Bonsai Art of Kimura" by Stone Lantern Publishing Co. in 1992. "The Magician: the Bonsai Art of Kimura 2" was released in 2007 by Stone Lantern. A Spanish translation, "Masahiko Kimura: el técnico mágico del bonsai actual" was published in 1988 by Ediciones Tyris, S.A., and one in Italian, "Masahiko Kimura, Il grande tecnico del bonsai", was published by Luni in 1996.
Kimura's wife, who often greeted tours to their Omiya garden and served tea and goodies to the visitors, died November 23, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18612785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612785" title="Puerto Rico Highway 206">
Puerto Rico Highway 206

Puerto Rico Highway 206 is a connector in Cayey, Puerto Rico that bypasses the downtown area of Cayey, making easier for drivers who do not want to access the congested area of the business center to directly go from Puerto Rico Highway 1 to Puerto Rico Highway 14 to Aibonito, Puerto Rico. Like Puerto Rico Highway 203 and future Puerto Rico Highway 204, PR-206 has two lanes per direction and is about 8 km long.

</doc>
<doc id="18612840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612840" title="Akira Narita">
Akira Narita

Akira Narita is a Japanese manga artist best known for writing about his experiences with the Japanese terekura (telephone club) industry.

</doc>
<doc id="18612857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612857" title="Puerto Rico Highway 189">
Puerto Rico Highway 189

Puerto Rico Highway 189 is a long main highway which parallels very closely the first half of Puerto Rico Highway 30 from Caguas, Puerto Rico near downtown to Juncos, Puerto Rico passing through all three business centers of Caguas, Gurabo and Juncos. It ends at Puerto Rico Highway 31, and has no direct intersection with Puerto Rico Highway 198 although they are not separated by more than half a kilometer. It is not a good option to bypass the frequent traffic jams in PR-30 and is seriously damaged with holes and cracks, this being a sign of not been well maintained by the government agencies in the municipalities it goes through.

</doc>
<doc id="18612897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612897" title="Puerto Rico Highway 198">
Puerto Rico Highway 198

Puerto Rico Highway 198 is a long highway that parallels Puerto Rico Highway 30 from Juncos, Puerto Rico to Humacao, Puerto Rico where it ends at Puerto Rico Highway 3. Like Puerto Rico Highway 189, it passes through the business centers of Juncos, Las Piedras and Humacao.

</doc>
<doc id="18612929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612929" title="Drumcree conflict">
Drumcree conflict

The Drumcree conflict or Drumcree standoff is an ongoing dispute over a yearly parade in the town of Portadown, Northern Ireland. The dispute is between the Orange Order (an Ulster Protestant, unionist organization) and local residents, who are mostly Catholic and/or Irish nationalist. The residents are currently represented by the Garvaghy Road Residents Coalition (GRRC); before 1995 they were represented mainly by the Drumcree Faith & Justice Group (DFJG). The Orange Order insists that it should be allowed to march its traditional route to-and-from Drumcree Church, just outside the town (see map). It had marched this route since 1807, when the area was sparsely populated. However, today most of this route is within the town's mainly Catholic quarter, which is densely populated. The residents, who see the parade as sectarian, triumphalist and supremacist, have sought to ban it from their area. The Orangemen see this as an attack on their traditions. The "Drumcree parade" is held on the Sunday before the Twelfth of July.
There have been intermittent violent clashes during the parade since at least 1873. The onset of the Troubles led to the dispute intensifying in the 1970s and 1980s. At this time, the most contentious part of the parade was the outward leg along Obins Street. After serious violence two years in a row, the parade was banned from Obins Street in 1986. The focus then shifted to the parade's return leg along Garvaghy Road. In 1995, the dispute drew the attention of the international media as it led to widespread protests and severe rioting throughout Northern Ireland. This was repeated every July for the next four years. During this time the dispute led to the deaths of at least five civilians and prompted a massive police and British Army operation. The British Army sealed-off the Catholic part of Portadown with large steel, concrete and barbed-wire barricades. Since 1998 the parade has been banned from most of the Catholic area, and the violence has subsided. However, regular moves to get the two sides into face-to-face talks have failed.
Background.
Portadown has long been a mainly Protestant, unionist and loyalist town. At the height of the conflict in the 1990s, about 70% of the population were from a Protestant background and 30% from a Catholic background. The town's Catholic and Irish nationalist community claim that they have long suffered discrimination, especially in employment. Each summer the town centre is bedecked with loyalist flags and symbols. This is to coincide with the "marching season", when numerous Protestant/loyalist marches take place in the town. Throughout the 20th century, the police force Royal Ulster Constabulary(RUC) was also almost wholly Protestant.
Before partition.
The Orange Order was founded in 1795 in the village of Loughgall, a few miles from Drumcree, after the Battle of the Diamond. Portadown and the wider north Armagh area is thus seen as the birthplace of Orangeism, with many of the Order's oldest lodges based there.
The Order claims that its modern parade to Drumcree is held to commemorate the 1916 Battle of the Somme during World War I. However, the march to Drumcree Church was originally and traditionally to celebrate the 1690 Battle of the Boyne. The Order's first ever marches were to celebrate this battle and they took place on 12 July 1796 in Portadown, Lurgan and Waringstown. In July 1795, the year the Order formed, a Reverend Devine had held a "Boyne commemoration" sermon at Drumcree Church. In his "History of Ireland Vol I" (published in 1809), the historian Francis Plowden described the events that followed this sermon:
Devine so worked up the minds of his audience, that upon retiring from service, on the different roads leading to their respective homes, they gave full scope to the anti-papistical zeal, with which he had inspired them... falling upon every Catholic they met, beating and bruising them without provocation or distinction, breaking the doors and windows of their houses, and actually murdering two unoffending Catholics in a bog. This unprovoked atrocity of the Protestants revived and redoubled religious rancour. The flame spread and threatened a contest of extermination... 
The first official Orange parade to and from Drumcree Church was in July 1807. Each July since then, the Orangemen have paraded from the centre of town, along Obins Street, to Drumcree Church, and returned along Garvaghy Road. In the early 19th century, the area between the town and church was mostly fields. Orangemen would regularly march through this area and past the Catholic Church. In 1835, Armagh magistrate William Hancock (a Protestant) wrote:For some time past the peaceable inhabitants of the parish of Drumcree have been insulted and outraged by large bodies of Orangemen parading the highways, playing party tunes, firing shots and using the most opprobrious epithets they could invent. Orangemen have gone a considerable distance out of their way to pass a Catholic chapel on their march to Drumcree church.
There was violence during the Drumcree parades in 1873, 1883, 1885, 1886, 1892, 1903, 1905, 1909 and 1917.
After partition.
After the partition of Ireland in 1921, the Northern Ireland Government's policy tended to favour Protestant and unionist parades. From 1922 to 1950, almost 100 parades and meetings were banned under the Special Powers Act – nearly all were Irish nationalist or republican. Although violence died down during this period, there were clashes at the 1931 and 1950 Drumcree parades. The Public Order Act 1951 exempted 'traditional' parades from having to ask police permission, but 'non-traditional' parades could be banned or re-routed without appeal. Again, the legislation tended to benefit Protestant parades.
In the 1960s, a number of housing estates were built on the fields along Garvaghy Road. In 1969, Northern Ireland was plunged into a conflict known as the The Troubles. Portadown, which had been religiously mixed, underwent major population shifts. These new estates became almost wholly Catholic, while the rest of the town's estates became almost wholly Protestant. After the outbreak of the conflict, the Grand Orange Lodge encouraged Orangemen to join the Northern Ireland security forces—namely the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) and the British Army's Ulster Defence Regiment (UDR). The response from Orangemen was strong.
1970s and 1980s: Obins Street.
Each July there are five Protestant and loyalist parades that enter the mainly Catholic and Irish nationalist district:
1972.
In 1972, during the first years of the Troubles, residents of Portadown's mainly Catholic enclave mobilized under the banner of 'Portadown Resistance Council'. They called for the marches to be re-routed away from Obins Street (see map), which was where most of the residents lived at the time. The Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) warned that it would "take action" if the Orange Order marched along Obins Street on 12 July. The Ulster Defence Association (a then-legal loyalist vigilante and paramilitary group) threatened to take counter-action if anything was done to stop the march. On Saturday 1 July, Catholics set up barricades at all roads leading into their area.
On the morning of the march, Sunday 9 July, British troops and the police moved in to clear the area. They bulldozed the barricades and used CS gas and rubber bullets on those protesting against the march. Once the area was secured, they allowed the Orangemen to march along the road which was lined by at least fifty UDA masked and uniformed members. The UDA men then made their way to Drumcree and escorted the Orangemen back into town along Garvaghy Road. With troops and police out in force, the march passed peacefully. However, three men were shot dead in Portadown later that day and overnight. A UDA member shot dead two civilians inside McCabe's Bar on High Street. One was the Catholic pub-owner Jack McCabe and the other a Protestant customer, William Cochrane. Both men were shot in the head from close range. The gunman was a former police officer. When sentenced to life imprisonment for the murders, there were shouts of "keep up the fight!" from about a dozen people in the court's public gallery. Republican gunmen are believed to have shot dead a Protestant (Paul Beattie) in the early hours of the next morning in Churchill Park, a housing estate on Garvaghy Road. On 12 July, under tight security, the Orangemen again marched along Obins Street, this time from Corcrain Orange Hall to the town centre. On 15 July, a Catholic civilian was kidnapped, beaten and shot dead by the UDA in a Protestant area of the town. His body was found on 4 August in a drain near Watson Street. He had been a long-time member of St Patrick's Accordion Band based on Obins Street.
Later in the month, the Provisional IRA detonated a bomb on Woodhouse Street, and loyalists detonated a bomb at a Catholic church. In the Obins Street area there was also a gun battle involving the Provisional IRA, the UDA, and the security forces. The UDA's involvement in the 1972 parades made a lasting impression on Portadown's Catholics and Irish nationalists.
1985.
On 17 March (Saint Patrick's Day) the Saint Patrick's Accordion Band (a local band from the Catholic community) was given permission to parade a two-mile 'circuit' of the mainly Catholic area. However, a small part of the two-mile route (about 150 yards of Park Road) was lined with Protestant-owned houses. Arnold Hatch, the town's mayor and Ulster Unionist Party councillor, demanded that the march be banned. When the police let it go ahead, Hatch and a small group of loyalists staged a sit-down protest on Park Road. The police forced the band to turn around. That evening, the band again tried to march the route. Although the protesters had gone, the police again stopped the band. Following this incident, Portadown's Catholic and Irish nationalist community boosted their campaign to ban Orange marches from Obins Street. Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) politician Bríd Rodgers described this incident as "pivotal" in the escalation of the parade dispute.
Shortly before the Drumcree parade of 7 July, hundreds of nationalists staged a sit-down protest on Obins Street. Present was Eunice Kennedy Shriver, sister of former US president John F. Kennedy. Among the 2000 Orangemen were unionist politicians Martin Smyth (Orange Grand Master), Harold McCusker and George Seawright. Police forcefully removed the protesters and allowed the march to continue. At least one man was beaten unconscious by police and many were arrested. The whole length of Garvaghy Road was lined with British Army and police armoured vehicles for the march's return leg. On 12 July, eight Orange lodges met at Corcrain Orange Hall and tried to march through Obins Street to the town centre. When they were blocked by police, hundreds of loyalists gathered at both ends of the road and tried to push through police lines. At least 52 police and 28 rioters were wounded, while about 50 Catholic-owned buildings were attacked. After this, the police erected a barrier at each end of Obins Street.
In July 1985, residents of the Catholic district formed a group called People Against Injustice, later renamed the Drumcree Faith & Justice Group (DFJG). It quickly became the main group representing the residents. The DFJG sought to explain to Orangemen how residents felt about the marches and to improve cross-community relations. It organized peaceful protests, issued newsletters and held discussions with the police. It also tried, unsuccessfully, to hold discussions with the Orangemen. One of the key figures in this group was a Jesuit priest who, during one of his Sunday sermons in Portadown, suggested that anyone who voted for Sinn Féin should consider themselves "excommunicated".
1986.
The Apprentice Boys, a Protestant fraternity similar to the Orange Order, had planned to march along Garvaghy Road and through the town centre on the afternoon of 1 April (Easter Monday). On 30 March, the police decided to ban the march as it believed loyalist paramilitaries were planning to hijack it. That evening, cars with loudspeakers toured Protestant areas and summoned people to gather in the town centre to contest the ban. At 1am, at least 3000 loyalists gathered in the town centre, forced their way past a small group of police, and began marching along Garvaghy Road. Among them was Ian Paisley, leader of the Democratic Unionist Party and Free Presbyterian Church. Residents claimed that some of the marchers were carrying guns and were known to be members of the police and UDR. Some of the marchers attacked houses along the route and residents claimed that the police did little or nothing to stop this. There followed rioting between residents and the police. Some set up barricades for fear of further attacks. There was a feeling among locals that the police had "mutinied" and refused to enforce the ban. In the afternoon, Apprentice Boys bands tried to enter the town centre for their planned march. When the police blocked their path, a fierce riot erupted. However, after negotiations, the bands were allowed to march through the town centre with some restrictions. As the march passed the street leading to the nationalist district, loyalists attacked police lines. One of them, Keith White, was shot in the face by a plastic bullet and died in hospital on 14 April.
On 6 July the Drumcree parade took place. An estimated 4000 soldiers and police were deployed in the town. The police said that the Orange Order had allowed "known troublemakers" to take part in the march, contrary to a prior agreement. Among the marchers was George Seawright, a unionist politician and Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) member who had publicly proposed burning Catholics in ovens. As the march entered the Catholic district, the police seized Seawright and other known militants. Orangemen attacked the police with stones and other missiles. Along Obins Street and Garvaghy Road, locals were prevented from leaving their homes. Both Catholics and Protestants attacked police, injuring at least 27.
The 12 July march into the town centre was blocked from Obins Street for the second year. Instead, police escorted the march along Garvaghy Road without any bands. Although there was little violence on Garvaghy Road, loyalists later rioted with police in the town centre and tried to smash through the barrier leading to Obins Street.
1987 and 1988.
In 1987 the Public Order Act was repealed by the Public Order (Northern Ireland) Order 1987, which removed the special status of 'traditional' parades. This meant that, after 1986, Orange marches were effectively banned from Obins Street indefinitely. The July 1987 march was re-routed and 3000 soldiers and 1000 police were sent to keep order. In the minds of the Orangemen, sacrificing the Obins Street leg meant that they would be guaranteed the Garvaghy Road leg. Although the Garvaghy Road leg had caused trouble before, it was less populated than Obins Street at the time.
In June 1988 the Drumcree Faith & Justice Group (DFJG)—the group representing the Catholic/Irish nationalist residents—planned a march to the town centre to highlight what it saw as "double-standards" in the police's handling of nationalist and loyalist parades. It asked permission from the police, saying there would be only 30 marchers and they would carry no flags or banners. They were denied permission.
1990s and 2000s: Garvaghy Road.
Although a few years passed without serious conflict over the Drumcree parades, both sides remained unhappy with the situation. Orangemen took the new route each year, but continued to apply for marches along Obins Street. Meanwhile, residents of Garvaghy Road and the surrounding Catholic district (see map) remained unhappy about what they called "triumphalist" Orange marches through their area. They made their opposition known in a number of ways: through the tenants' associations that represented each housing estate, through the Drumcree Faith & Justice Group (DFJG), and through local politicians. A 1993 survey of people living on Garvaghy Road found that 95% of them were against Orange marches in the area.
Lead-up to July 1995.
In 1994, the Provisional IRA and loyalist paramilitaries called ceasefires.
In May 1995 the Garvaghy Road Residents Coalition (GRRC) was formed, comprising representatives from the DFJG and the tenants' associations. Its main goal was to divert Orange marches away from Garvaghy Road through peaceful means. It held peaceful protests, petitioned the police and government ministers, and tried to draw media attention to the dispute. The GRRC held regular public meetings with residents. There were usually about 12 representatives on the committee at any one time. According to one of its members, Joanne Tennyson, "Although the GRRC could speak to anyone they wanted, at the end of the day no-one in the committee had the right to say we would do anything, not even [...] the spokesman. The community had to agree as a whole and that was the purpose of holding public meetings". The GRRC's first secretary and spokesman was Eamon Stack, a Jesuit priest and DFJG member who had lived in the area since 1993. Fr Stack emphasized that the GRRC was non-sectarian and was not connected to any political parties. He would remain its spokesman until after July 1997.
By the mid-1990s, the population of Portadown was about 70% Protestant and 30% Catholic. There were three Orange halls in the town and an estimated 40 Protestant and loyalist marches each summer.
1995.
On Sunday 9 July 1995, the Orangemen marched to Drumcree Church, held their church service, and then began marching towards the Garvaghy Road. However, hundreds of Catholic residents were holding a sit-down protest on Garvaghy Road to block the march. Although the march was legal and the protest was not, police stopped the march from continuing. The Orangemen refused to take an alternate route, announcing that they would stay at Drumcree until they were allowed to continue. The Orangemen refused to negotiate with the residents' group and the Mediation Network was called upon to intercede. The police and local politicians were also involved in trying to resolve the deadlock.
Meanwhile, ~10,000 Orangemen and supporters had gathered at Drumcree and were engaged in a standoff with ~1,000 police. During this standoff, loyalists continuously threw missiles at the police and tried to break through the police blockade; police responded by firing 24 plastic bullets. In support of the Orangeman, loyalists blocked numerous roads across Northern Ireland, and sealed off the port of Larne. There was violence in some Protestant areas. On the evening of Monday 10 July, Ian Paisley (Democratic Unionist Party leader) and David Trimble (Ulster Unionist Party leader) held a rally at Drumcree. Afterwards, they gathered a number of Orangemen and tried to push through the police line, but were taken away by officers.
By the morning of Tuesday 11 July, a compromise was reached. The Orangemen would be allowed to march along Garvaghy Road on condition that they did so silently and without accompanying bands. Ronnie Flanagan (Deputy Chief Constable of the police) told the GRRC that residents should peacefully remove themselves from the road because "an angry scene between police and protesters could worsen the Ormeau marching dispute and even destabilise the ceasefires". When GRRC member Breandán Mac Cionnaith asked protesters to clear the road, some heckled him and refused. Flanagan was told there would be a better chance of the protesters moving if they knew there would be no march there next year. Flanagan replied that "there was no question of marches going where there was no consent from the community". The residents were then persuaded to clear the road. This was all confirmed by the Mediation Network. The Orangemen then marched along the road with Paisley and Trimble at the head of the march. As they reached the end of Garvaghy Road, Paisley and Trimble held their hands in the air in what appeared to be a gesture of triumph. Trimble claims that he only took Paisley's hand to prevent the DUP leader from taking all the media attention.
Both sides were deeply unhappy with the events of July 1995. Residents were angered that the parade had gone ahead and at what they saw as unionist triumphalism, while Orangemen and their supporters were angered that their parade had been held up by an illegal protest. Some Orangemen formed a group called Spirit of Drumcree (SoD) to defend their "right to march". At a SoD meeting in Belfast's Ulster Hall one of the platform speakers said, to applause, that Sectarian means you belong to a particular sect or organisation. I belong to the Orange Institution. Bigot means you look after the people you belong to. That's what I'm doing. I'm a sectarian bigot and proud of it.
1996.
On Saturday 6 July 1996 the Chief Constable, Sir Hugh Annesley, stated that the parade would be banned from Garvaghy Road. Police checkpoints and barricades were set up on all routes into the nationalist area.
On Sunday 7 July the march made its way to Drumcree Church and, after the church service, was again blocked by police barricades. At least 4,000 Orangemen and loyalist supporters began another standoff. That afternoon, Reverend Martin Smyth (then Orange Grand Master) arrived at Drumcree and announced that there could be no compromise. Over the next three days, buses full of Orangemen and their supporters arrived in Portadown, bringing traffic to a standstill. By Wednesday night the number of Orangemen and loyalists at Drumcree had risen to 10,000. Again, they pelted the police with missiles and tried to break through the blockade, while police responded with plastic bullets. Loyalists brought an armour-plated bulldozer to Drumcree, threatening to storm the police line. Throughout Northern Ireland, loyalists blocked hundreds of roads, clashed with the police, and attacked or intimidated Catholics and nationalists. Many towns and villages were blockaded, either completely or for much of the daytime. Several Catholic families were forced to flee their homes in Belfast due to loyalist intimidation. Human Rights Watch said that the police failed to remove these illegal roadblocks and had "abandoned its traditional policing function in some areas". Loyalists also targeted the homes of police officers, many of whom were on duty at Drumcree. During the disorder, thousands of extra British troops were sent to Northern Ireland, bringing the total number of troops deployed to 18,500.
On the night of 7 July, Catholic taxi-driver Michael McGoldrick was shot dead near Lurgan by the Mid Ulster Brigade of the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF), a loyalist paramilitary group. It is believed the killing was ordered by the brigade's leader, Billy Wright, from Portadown. Wright was frequently seen at Drumcree in the company of Harold Gracey, head of the Portadown Orange Lodge. He also held a meeting with David Trimble, leader of the UUP. Members of the brigade smuggled homemade weaponry to Drumcree, apparently unhindered by the Orangemen. Allegedly, the brigade also had plans to drive petrol tankers into the Garvaghy area and blow them up. 
On Wednesday 10 July, the police reported that, over the previous four days of loyalist protests, there had been:
Shortly before noon on Thursday 11 July, the Chief Constable reversed his decision and allowed the Orangemen to march along Garvaghy Road. The residents' group had not been consulted on this and rioting erupted as police in armoured vehicles flooded the Garvaghy area and batoned hundreds of protesters off the Garvaghy Road. About 1,200 Orangemen then marched down the road while residents were hemmed into their estates by riot police. There was outrage in the nationalist community, who believed that the police had "surrendered" to loyalist violence and the threat of violence. An article in the "Irish News" concluded that "the police did not have the will to impose the rule of law on the Orange Order and loyalists". The Chief Constable said he believed the situation could no longer be contained. He claimed the crowd at Drumcree was expected to rise to 60,000 or 70,000 that night and that it would have broken through the defences and attacked the nationalist area. Nationalists argued that the police did nothing to stop the thousands of loyalists from gathering.
Rioting erupted in nationalist areas of Lurgan, Armagh, Belfast and Derry. In Derry, 22 protestors were seriously injured and one, Dermot McShane, died after being run-over by a British Army armoured vehicle. Rioting continued throughout the week, during which time the police fired a total of 6002 plastic bullets, 5000 of which were directed at nationalists. The Committee on the Administration of Justice (CAJ), who had sent members to observe the situation, condemned this "completely indiscriminate" use of plastic bullets. Human Rights Watch also accused the police of using "excessive force". Following the events, leaders of both Sinn Féin and the SDLP stated that nationalists had completely lost faith in the police as an impartial police force.
In August 1996, Billy Wright and his Portadown unit of the UVF were 'stood down' by the UVF leadership for breaking the ceasefire. The UVF warned that it would "execute" Wright if he did not leave Northern Ireland. He ignored the warning, and a large rally was held in Portadown in support of him. Harold Gracey (head of the Portadown Orange Lodge) and William McCrea (a DUP politician) attended the rally and made speeches in support of Wright. Along with most of his Portadown unit, Wright then formed a splinter group called the Loyalist Volunteer Force (LVF).
Following the events of July 1996, many Catholics and nationalists began boycotting businesses run by Orangemen who had been involved in the standoff.
1997.
Weeks before the July 1997 march, Secretary of State Mo Mowlam privately decided to let the march proceed along Garvaghy Road. However, in the days leading up to the march, she insisted that no decision had been made. Garvaghy Road residents applied to hold a festival on the day of the march. When this was banned by the police, local women set up a peace camp along the Garvaghy Road. On Thursday 3 July, the Loyalist Volunteer Force (LVF) threatened to kill Catholic civilians if the march was not allowed to proceed and the Ulster Unionist Party threatened to withdraw from the Northern Ireland peace process. The following day, sixty families had to be evacuated from their homes on Garvaghy Road after a loyalist bomb threat.
In the days leading up to the march, thousands of British troops were flown to Northern Ireland. Less than twelve hours before the Sunday 6 July march, the authorities still did not say whether it would be blocked. Then, at 3:30 am that morning, 1500 police and soldiers swept into the nationalist area in armoured vehicles and took control of the Garvaghy Road. About 100 residents managed to get to the road and stage a sit-down protest. They were forcefully removed by the police, who were then pelted with stones and petrol bombs as they pushed residents further back from the road. Rosemary Nelson—a prominent human rights lawyer and the GRRC's legal advisor—was physically and verbally abused by police officers. From this point onward, all residents were prevented from leaving their housing estates and accessing the Garvaghy Road. As residents were also unable to reach the Catholic , the local priests were forced to hold an open-air mass in front of a line of soldiers and armoured personnel carriers.
The Chief Constable said he had allowed the march to continue because of the threat to Catholic civilians by loyalist paramilitaries. About 1,200 Orangemen marched along Garvaghy Road at noon that day. After the march passed, the security forces began withdrawing from the area. They were attacked by hundreds of nationalists with stones, bricks and petrol bombs. The security forces fired about 40 plastic bullets, and about 18 people were taken to hospital. As news from Portadown emerged, violence erupted in several nationalist areas of Northern Ireland. The Provisional IRA launched numerous gun and bomb attacks on the security forces. Nationalists also attacked the security forces and blocked roads with burning vehicles. There were protests against the police and Orange marches, and a number of Orange halls were burnt. The widespread violence lasted until 10 July, when the Orange Order decided unilaterally to re-route or cancel several marches. By the end of the violence, more than 100 civilians and 60 police officers had been injured, while 117 people had been arrested. There had been 815 attacks on the security forces, 1,506 petrol bombs thrown and 402 hijackings. The police had fired 2,500 plastic bullets.
In 1997, Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams told an RTÉ journalist of his party's involvement in the dispute:Ask any activist in the north, ‘did Drumcree happen by accident?', and he will tell you, ‘no'. Three years of work on the lower Ormeau Road, Portadown and parts of Fermanagh and Newry, Armagh and in Bellaghy and up in Derry. Three years of work went into creating that situation and fair play to those people who put the work in. They are the type of scene changes that we have to focus on and develop and exploit.
After July 1997, GRRC member Brendan McKenna () replaced Eamon Stack as the group's spokesman. Mac Cionnaith had been convicted and imprisoned for his involvement in a 1981 IRA bomb attack on Portadown's Royal British Legion hall. He was released in 1984.
This was the last time that the Orange Order was allowed to march on Garvaghy Road.
1998.
Early in 1998 the Public Processions Act was passed, establishing the Parades Commission. The Commission was now responsible for deciding what route contentious marches should take. On 29 June 1998, the Parades Commission decided to ban the march from Garvaghy Road.
On Friday 3 July about 1,000 soldiers and 1,000 police were deployed in Portadown. The soldiers built large barricades (made of steel, concrete and barbed wire) across all roads leading into the nationalist area. In the fields between Drumcree Church and the nationalist area they dug a trench, fourteen feet wide, which was then lined with rows of barbed wire. Soldiers also occupied the Catholic Drumcree College, St John the Baptist Primary School, and some houses near the barricades.
On Sunday 5 July the Orangemen marched to Drumcree Church and stated that they would remain there until they were allowed to proceed. About 10,000 Orangemen and loyalists arrived at Drumcree from across Northern Ireland. A loyalist group calling itself "Portadown Action Command" issued a statement which read:As from midnight on Friday 10 July 1998, any driver of any vehicle supplying any goods of any kind to the Gavaghy Road will be summarily executed.
Over the next ten days, there were loyalist protests and violence across Northern Ireland in response to the ban. Loyalists blocked roads and attacked the security forces as well as Catholic homes, businesses, schools and churches. On 7 July, the mainly-Catholic village of Dunloy was "besieged" by over 1,000 Orangemen. The County Antrim Grand Lodge said that its members had "taken up positions" and "held" the village. On 8 July, eight blast bombs were thrown at Catholic homes in the Collingwood area of Lurgan. There were also sustained attacks on the security forces at Drumcree and attempts to break through the blockade. On 9 July, the security forces at Drumcree were attacked with gunfire and blast bombs; they responded with plastic bullets. The police recorded 2,561 "public order incidents" throughout Northern Ireland, including:
On Sunday 12 July at 4:30 am, Jason (aged 8), Mark (aged 9) and Richard Quinn (aged 10) were burnt to death when their home was firebombed by loyalists. The boys' mother was a Catholic, and their home was in a mainly-Protestant part of Ballymoney. Following the murders, William Bingham (County Grand Chaplain of Armagh and member of the Orange Order negotiating team) said that "walking down the Garvaghy Road would be a hollow victory, because it would be in the shadow of three coffins of little boys who wouldn't even know what the Orange Order is about". He said that the Order had lost control of the situation and that "no road is worth a life". However he later apologized for implying that the Order was in any way responsible for the deaths. The murders provoked widespread anger and calls for the Order to end its protest at Drumcree. Although the number of protesters at Drumcree dropped greatly, the Portadown lodges voted unanimously to continue their standoff.
On Wednesday 15 July at 6:30 am the police began a search operation in the fields at Drumcree. A number of loyalist weapons were uncovered in the search, including: a home-made machine gun, spent and live ammunition, explosive devices, and two crossbows with more than a dozen home-made explosive arrows.
1999.
In the year after July 1998, the Orange Order and GRRC tried to resolve the dispute through "proximity talks" using go-betweens. The Orangemen refused to talk directly to the GRRC. Some senior Portadown Orangemen claim that they had been promised a parade on Garvaghy Road later that year if they could control things on the traditional parading dates.
On 14 March 1999, the Parades Commission said that the upcoming march would again be banned from Garvaghy Road. The following day the GRRC's legal advisor, Rosemary Nelson, was assassinated in Lurgan by loyalists.
In April 1999, Portadown loyalists threatened to mount a picket of St John's Catholic Church at the top of Garvaghy Road. On 29 May a 'junior' Orange march passed near Garvaghy Road. There were clashes following the march with 13 police officers and four civilians hurt. The police fired 50 plastic bullets during the clashes.
The 1999 Drumcree march took place on Sunday 4 July. The security forces had again blocked all roads leading into the nationalist area with large steel, concrete and barbed wire barricades. Rows of barbed wire were also stretched across the fields at Drumcree. There, loyalists threw missiles at police and soldiers, but there was less violence than the year before. The barricades were removed on 14 July. 
On 28 July, a 15-year-old Catholic boy was attacked as Orangemen removed their arch at the end of Garvaghy Road. He was allegedly beaten by loyalists within yards of two police landrovers. On 31 July, a loyalist wielding an AK-47 and a handgun walked along Craigwell Avenue (a street of Catholic-owned houses) firing shots. He was wrestled to the ground and arrested. In August, the street was evacuated after a hoax bomb alert, and the houses were attacked with breeze blocks.
Also that year, the GRRC published a book detailing the history of Orange parades in the area. The book was called "Garvaghy: A Community Under Siege".
2000.
In April 2000, a newspaper reported that Portadown Orangemen had threatened British Prime Minister Tony Blair, saying that if that year's march was banned from Garvaghy Road it would prove to be his "Bloody Sunday". The following month, almost 200 masked loyalists attacked Catholic-owned houses on Craigwell Avenue after assembling at Carlton Street Orange Hall. Allegedly, police landrovers were nearby but did not intervene. On 27 May, the nationalist area was sealed-off so that a 'junior' Orange parade could march along the lower end of Garvaghy Road. The march included men in paramilitary uniform.
On 31 May, a children's cross-community concert at St John's Catholic Church was disrupted by Portadown Oangemen beating Lambeg drums, allegedly trying to drown it out. Present at the concert were Secretary of State Peter Mandelson and UUP leader (and Orangeman) David Trimble. After the concert, teachers, parents, children and guests held a reception at the Protestant Portadown College. A 300-strong loyalist mob hurled missiles and sectarian abuse while preventing families from leaving the College. The security forces were deployed but did not disperse the mob or make arrests. On 7 June, St John's Catholic Church was set alight by arsonists.
On 16 June, Catholic workers at Denny's factory in Portadown walked-out after placards carrying sectarian slogans were erected near the main entrance. The week before, loyalists had thrown missiles at Catholics leaving the factory. The placards were removed shortly after. Later in the month, loyalists sent death threats to workers who were reinforcing the security barrier (or "peace line") along Corcrain Road. The work stopped, leaving the nationalist area vulnerable to attack.
In July, it was revealed that members of Neo-Nazi group Combat 18 were travelling from England to join the Orangemen at Drumcree. They were given shelter by LVF members in Portadown and Tandragee. That month, Portadown Orangeman Ivan Hewitt (who sported Neo-Nazi tattoos) warned in a TV documentary that it may be time for loyalists to "bring their war to Britain".
The 2000 Drumcree march took place on Sunday 2 July. It was again banned from Garvaghy Road and the nationalist area was sealed-off with barricades. Speaking after the march was stopped, Orange 'District Master' Harold Gracey called for protests across Northern Ireland. A prominent leader of the protesters, Stoneyford Orangeman Mark Harbinson, a child sex abuser who was associated with the paramilitary Orange Volunteers, proclaimed that "the war begins today". On Monday 3 July a crowd of over fifty loyalists, led by UDA commander Johnny Adair, appeared at Drumcree with a banner bearing "Shankill Road UFF" Freedom Fighters. In the Corcrain area, LVF gunmen fired a volley of shots in the air for Adair and a cheering crowd. On Tuesday 4 July, security forces used water cannon against loyalist protesters at the Drumcree barricade. This was their first deployment in Northern Ireland for over 30 years.
In an interview on 7 July, Harold Gracey refused to condemn the violence linked to the protests, saying "Gerry Adams doesn't condemn violence so I'll not". On 9 July, the police warned that loyalists had threatened to "kill a Catholic a day" until the Orangemen were allowed to march along Garvaghy Road. Two days later, a group of 150–200 loyalists ordered all shops in Portadown's town centre to shut. Along with another group, they then tried to march on Garvaghy Road from both ends, but were held back by the police. That night, 21 police officers were hurt during clashes with loyalists.
On 14 July, Portadown Orangemen's calls for another day of widespread protest went unheeded as the Armagh and Grand Lodges refused to support their calls. Businesses remained open and only a handful of roads were blocked for a short time. The security barriers were removed and soldiers returned to barracks.
2001 onward.
Since July 1998, the Orangemen have applied to march the traditional route every Sunday of the year – both the outward leg via Obins Street (which has been banned since 1986) and the return leg via Garvaghy Road. They have also held a small protest at Drumcree Church every Sunday since then. Their proposals have been rejected by the Parades Commission.
In February 2001, loyalists held protests on the lower Garvaghy Road as part of the run-up to "day 1000" of the standoff. The GRRC said that up to 300 people, some masked and armed with clubs, intimidated people living on Garvaghy Road. Some protesters also attacked a car with four women inside.
There was further violence in May 2001. On 5 May, 300 Orangemen and supporters tried to march on to Garvaghy Road but were stopped by police. There were some scuffles between Orangemen and police officers. District Master Harold Gracey drew controversy when he said to the police officers: "We all know where you come from...you come from the Protestant community, the vast majority of you come from the Protestant community and it is high time that you supported your own Protestant people". On 12 May there were clashes between loyalists and nationalists on Woodhouse Street. On 27 May there were clashes between nationalists and the police after a junior Orange march on the lower Garvaghy Road.
Four days before the July 2001 Drumcree march, 200 supporters and members of the UDA/UFF rallied at Drumcree. The Portadown Orange Lodge claimed that it was powerless to stop such people from gathering and that they could not be held responsible for their actions. Nevertheless, David Jones (the Lodge's spokesman) said that he welcomed any support. Bríd Rogers, a local SDLP politician, called this "a further example" of the Orangemen's "double standards". She said that the Orangemen would not speak to the GRRC because of Mac Cionnaith's "terrorist past", yet they are "quite happy to associate with people who have a terrorist present". The march passed off peacefully under a heavy security presence.
Since 2001 Drumcree has been relatively calm, with outside support for the Portadown lodges' campaign declining and the violence lessening greatly. Mac Cionnaith said that he believes the conflict is essentially over. The Orange Order continues to campaign for the right to march on Garvaghy Road.
Map.
Routes of the Protestant parades before they were banned from Obins Street (A) in 1986.
Red line: Route taken by Orangemen on the Sunday before 12 July; from their Carlton Street Hall (D) under the railway bridge (C) along Obins Street (A) to Drumcree Church (F) and back along Garvaghy Road (B).<br>Blue line: Route taken on 12 July; from Corcrain Hall (E) along Obins Street (A) and under the railway bridge (C).<br>Green areas are largely nationalist/Catholic.<br>Orange areas are largely unionist/Protestant.

</doc>
<doc id="18612936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612936" title="Kevin Baldemar Moreno">
Kevin Baldemar Moreno

Kevin Baldemar Moreno (Born May 23, 1984 in Usulután, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran footballer who last played for Vista Hermosa.
Club career.
Moreno started his career at Salvadoran second division side Jocoro, then played for two years at Atlético Chaparratique. He made his debut at the country's top level with Vista Hermosa. In May 2010 he almost joined Águila, only to stay at Vista Hermosa. He has been out of a club since the 2011 Clausura.

</doc>
<doc id="18612937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612937" title="Valenta">
Valenta

Valenta is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18612939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612939" title="List of Linux kernel names">
List of Linux kernel names

Most of the Linux 2.6 and 3.x kernels include a name in the Makefile of their source trees, which can be found in the git repository.

</doc>
<doc id="18612946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612946" title="Zelik Epstein">
Zelik Epstein

Zelik Epstein, also known as Zelig Epstein (full name Aharon Zelig Epstein) (July 10, 1914 – August 3, 2009), was a prominent Orthodox rabbi and rosh yeshiva of Yeshiva Shaar HaTorah-Grodno, a private, Talmudical institution in Kew Gardens, Queens, New York, containing a high school, Beis Midrash, and Kollel. He studied in Mir and taught in Yeshiva Torah Vodaas prior to becoming rosh yeshiva at Shaar HaTorah. Rabbi Epstein was considered by many to be the last of the Gedolim of his generation.
Rabbi Epstein maintained a relatively low profile – for example, he did not join the Moetzes Gedolei HaTorah, despite numerous invitations. His non-membership in the Moetzes, however, was a mere formality, as he still served as the address of last resort for many of the thorniest problems facing Klal Yisrael. His approbation was sought (and received) for a number of major projects, such as the Schottenstein edition of both the Talmud Bavli and Yerushalmi. He is known to have been a close confidant of several gedolim of the previous generation, including Rabbi Yaakov Kamenetsky and Rabbi Elazar Shach.
Rabbi Epstein married a granddaughter of Rabbi Shimon Shkop, rosh yeshiva of the original Yeshiva Shaar HaTorah-Grodno. He had two children, a son named Kalman and a daughter named Elka. His son and successor, Rabbi Kalman Epstein, a Torah scholar in his own right, gives the highest level shiur in the Yeshiva. The lower level post High school lecture is given by Rabbi Shalom Spitz. In recent years, Rabbi Zelik gave only one lecture a week, on Sefer Hamitzvot, written by Maimonidies. The younger Rabbi Epstein also assisted his father in running the Yeshiva due to the latter's advanced age. 
Rabbi Epstein supported Rabbi Nathan Kamenetsky and his book Making of a Godol, stating in a letter to Rabbi Yosef Sholom Eliashiv that "in my opinion there is no justification whatsoever to ban the aforementioned book." 
Rabbi Epstein served together with many other prominent Roshei Yeshiva on the rabbinical board of "Kesher", a shidduch initiative.

</doc>
<doc id="18612966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612966" title="Valenti (surname)">
Valenti (surname)

Valenti is a surname of Italian origin, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18612998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18612998" title="César Vázquez">
César Vázquez

César Gustavo Vázquez Gómez (born January 16, 1986 in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer and the current WBC Mundo Hispano Super Featherweight Champion.
Professional career.
In June 2010, Vázquez beat the veteran Luis Gonzalez to capture the WBC FECOMBOX Super Featherweight Championship.
On October 29, 2010 César knocked out Antonio Meza to win the WBC Mundo Hispano Super Featherweight Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18613036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613036" title="Daniel Repacholi">
Daniel Repacholi

Daniel Repacholi (born 15 May 1982) is an Australian sports shooter who has competed at three Olympic Games. He has competed in the 10-metre air pistol, finishing in equal 36th place, and the 50-metre pistol, finishing 23rd, at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, he competed in the same events, finishing 31st in the 10 metre air pistol, and 40th in the 50 metre pistol. At the 2012 London Olympics he again competed in the two pistol events, finishing 28th in the 10 metre air pistol.
He won a gold medal at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="18613065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613065" title="Highlands – Sea Bright Bridge">
Highlands – Sea Bright Bridge

The Highlands-Sea Bright Bridge was a 1,240-foot drawbridge, built in 1932 and opened the following year, to connect Highlands, New Jersey in the west to Sea Bright, New Jersey in the east, across the Shrewsbury River. The eastern terminus is at the entrance to Sandy Hook. The span is part of Route 36. Between 2008 and 2011 it was replaced with a fixed-span bridge instead of a bascule bridge. It rises , taller than the original span's 35-foot measurement.
Replacement bridge.
In October 1991, the New Jersey Department of Transportation (NJDOT) recommended the replacement of the Highlands drawbridge with a 55-foot fixed-span bridge. According to an engineering study, replacement was believed to save $20 million over the cost-improvement actions outlined in a previous report that recommended extensive upgrades and partial replacement of bridge deck and superstructure. From August 1991 to 2002, several reports and studies by the NJDOT determined the general design and requirements for the replacement bridge. Of the many possible options one notable alternative was to build a second drawbridge and maintain both at the same time. By February 2002 the option of a fixed-span bridge was approved, and by 2007 the design of the bridge was complete and the contract awarded to J.H. Reid General Contractor with a budget of $124 million. 
The new bridge is and consists of two individual resting on nine hollow precast concrete columns. The spans are made of approximately 150 precast, post tensioned concrete box girders weighing between 30 and 70 tons each and achieve spans nearly twice the length of the steel spans of the original bridge. Because the new bridge was built in place of the old bridge, workers needed to demolish half of the old bridge and then construct half of the new bridge. After the first half of the new bridge was completed traffic was shifted to the new span, and the other half of the old bridge was demolished, making way for the second half of the new bridge. Construction of the new bridge began in February 2008 and was opened to traffic in December 2010. The entire project was completed in the spring of 2011. A ribbon-cutting ceremony occurred on May 1, 2011 to dedicate the newly constructed bridge. Several state and local officials attended the ceremony. 
In October of 2012, the bridge became a life saver for the remaining residents of Sea Bright as the historic storm surge pushed ashore during Superstorm Sandy. It was reported that members of the Sea Bright Fire, Police and First Aids abandoned the town and stationed themselves on the highest remaining points in the area. The second bridge, the Rumson Bridge, which span the Shrewsbury River, was also utilized. After the storm passed, an estimated 90% of the town was said to be wiped out and uninhabitable.

</doc>
<doc id="18613085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613085" title="Anjuman (1970 film)">
Anjuman (1970 film)

Anjuman, a Pakistani Urdu colour film, was released on 31 July 1970, starring Waheed Murad, Rani, Deeba, Santosh Kumar, Sabiha Khanam and Lehri. The film was released during the hey days of Waheed Murad and became a milestone in the Waheed's career. The film was produced by Safdar Masud under the banner Ideal Movies and directed by Hassan Tariq, a well-known Pakistani film director.
The film was released at the worse political situations of the country. Nevertheless, the film became a huge success, with famous tracks by Runa Laila and Ahmed Rushdi.
The film won Nigar awards in the categories of best film, best director, best screenplay, best musician, best lyricist, best playback female singer, best editor, best art director and best comedian.
Release.
Anjuman was released on 31 July 1970, at the worst political time of Pakistan, by Babar Pictures. The film ran for continuously 81 weeks on cinemas and 32 weeks on main cinemas in Karachi. The film did a Platinum Jubilee and became the huge success for the year.
Plot.
The film is a tragedy based on a "tawaif" (courtesan) 'Anjuman' played by Rani, who is a "tawaiif" who flirts with the emotions of a wealthy Santosh and later falls in love with his younger brother played by Waheed. In order to save his older brother's marriage Waheed's character decides to frequent Anjuman's "kotha" in an "exchange" demanded by Anjuman, although being in love with another girl (played by Deeba). Sabiha plays the role of wife of the older brother's character in the film, and eventually implores Anjuman to forsake her own love so that Waheed's Character can live happily. At the end, Anjuman (Rani) has to face a fate worse than death, where she is invited to sing at the wedding of her Love. Lovelorn and disappointed Anjuman offers a woeful song, as she has swallowed poison, and dies at the feet of her love.
Remake.
Its remake was made in 2013 with the same name, which starter Imran Abbas Naqvi, Sara Loren, Alyy Khan, directed by Yasir Nawaz and produced by Tarang Housefull.
Music.
The music directed by Nisar Bazmi. Songs of the films, esp. sung by Runa Laila, became a huge success in the country:
Awards.
Anjuman won 8 Nigar Awards in the following categories:

</doc>
<doc id="18613108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613108" title="Andrés de la Tovilla">
Andrés de la Tovilla

Andrés de la Tovilla (1513–1554) was a Spanish "conquistador" and soldier in the Americas. He was born about 1513 in Cazorla, Spain. He is most remembered as a participant in the expedition to Mexico (1520) led by Panfilo de Narváez and the expedition for the conquest of Guatemala (1524–1525) commissioned by Hernán Cortés. He, along with Diego de Mazariegos, founded the City of “"Villareal de Chiapa de los Españoles"”, now San Cristobal de las Casas, Chiapas, Mexico, in 1528 as a regional base for the conquest of Guatemala.
Expedition to Mexico.
Tovilla was a soldier trained in Italy who came with Panfilo de Narváez to fight Hernán Cortés in Mexico in 1520. He joined Cortés' side, and fought against Narváez in Zempoala, Veracruz on May 24, 1520. After Narváez' defeat, he participated in the conquest of Mexico. Prior to the defeat of Narváez, Andrés de la Tovilla devised weaponry consisting of indigenous spears, longer than the Spanish spears, where the copper and stone sharp blades were changed with iron knives instead. Around this time, he gathered 2,000 Chinantecas Indians, who joined Cortés and fought against Narváez in Zempoala, well documented on the best historian at the time in The Truthful History of the Conquest of New Spain, by Bernal Díaz del Castillo (1963). The Conquest of New Spain, J. M. Cohen (trans.), 6th printing (1973), Penguin Classics, Harmondsworth, England: Penguin Books. ISBN 0-14-044123-9. OCLC 162351797).
Expedition to Guatemala.
After several attempts to conquer Guatemala, in 1525, Hernán Cortés sent Diego de Mazariegos and Andrés de la Tovilla, along with a group of 150 foot soldiers and forty horses, to complete the conquest. Mazariegos, Tovilla and others signed the establishment of the first Spanish city in the Guatemala region in 1528, known first as “"Villareal de Chiapa de los Españoles"”, later known as ""Ciudad Real"," and presently known as ""San Cristobal de las Casas"". During the independence of Guatemala, the northern portion remained within Mexico and is now part of the State of Chiapas, Mexico.
Jewish Immigration to the Americas.
In a research paper written by Eva Alexandra Uchmany, there is documented evidence of Jews fleeing the Spanish Inquisition and immigrating to the West Indies. Although Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor, King of Spain, in 1522 prohibited converted Jews, "New Christians," to embark to the West Indies, many did. Most of the conquistadors and royal officials disobeyed this prohibition because they needed to staff their armies. Many New Christians who fled to the West Indies before 1522 concealed their origins by changing their identities in order to appear as Old Christians. According to Uchmany, the names of the conquerors and colonizers in Chiapas coincide, in their totality, with the names of those sentenced by the Inquisition in Ciudad Real, Spain (in the 15th century Ciudad Real became the seat of the Inquisition tribunal, later it moved a few kilometers east to Toledo). The children of those sentenced were sent far away at the corners of the Spanish Empire, as New Christians.
The young age of Andres de la Tovilla at his arrival with Narváez suggests that he was a New Christian child recruited as soldier with Narváez army, also why he remained with Mazariegos, and settled in San Cristobal de las Casas. He married María de Pineda about 1536 in Villareal de Chiapa de los Españoles, Chiapas, Mexico. 
(The Carfra Pivaral Family of Canada & Guatemala, http://www.islandnet.com/~carlaw/pafg41.htm#1079).

</doc>
<doc id="18613130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613130" title="Odd Man Out (disambiguation)">
Odd Man Out (disambiguation)

Odd Man Out is a 1947 British film directed by Carol Reed and starring James Mason. 
Odd Man Out may also refer to:
In television:
In literature:

</doc>
<doc id="18613149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613149" title="Provan">
Provan

Provan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18613155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613155" title="Salvador Coreas">
Salvador Coreas

Salvador Arturo Coreas Pérez (born September 29, 1984 in San Miguel, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays for second division side Municipal Limeño.
He is the older brother of El Salvador national under-20 football team member and former Vista Hermosa player Raúl Antonio Coreas.
Club career.
Nicknamed "Chamba", Coreas made his professional debut at Salvadoran giants Águila and had two spells at Atlético Balboa before joining Vista Hermosa. In 2009 he moved to Municipal Limeño. He was ruled out by a ligament injury for the major part of the 2010 Clausura.
International career.
Coreas received his first call up to the national team in January 2008. He officially received his first cap on January 22, 2008 in a friendly match against Belize. He went on to win 36 caps, scoring no goals. He has represented his country in 12 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played at the 2009 UNCAF Nations Cup and at the 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
His most recent international game was an October 2009 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18613162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613162" title="Tropical Storm Kiko (2007)">
Tropical Storm Kiko (2007)

Tropical Storm Kiko was a strong tropical storm that capsized a boat off the western coast of Mexico, killing at least 15 people. The 15th and final tropical cyclone of the 2007 Pacific hurricane season, Kiko developed out of a tropical wave that formed off the coast of Africa on September 26 and traversed the Atlantic. The wave crossed over Central America and entered the Pacific Ocean on October 8, where it spawned Tropical Depression 15-E on October 15. The depression drifted to the south over the next day before briefly being declared Tropical Storm Kiko. It subsequently weakened into a tropical depression, but later reattained tropical storm intensity. By October 18, Kiko was forecast to make landfall along the western Mexican coastline as a moderate tropical storm. However, the cyclone turned to the west and reached its peak intensity of 70 mph (110 km/h) on October 20. The tropical storm slowly weakened to a remnant low-pressure area by October 24 and completely dissipated on October 27 without making landfall.
Meteorological history.
A tropical wave exited the western coast of Africa on September 26, quickly spawning an area of low pressure. Upon the formation of the low, the wave split into two pieces and a second area of low pressure developed along the southern portion of the wave as it traveled west. The northern low quickly developed, spawning Tropical Depression Fourteen on September 28. The southern low attached to the wave failed to develop and moved away from the intensifying tropical depression. It continued through the Atlantic, entering the Pacific Ocean, after crossing Central America, on October 8. A broad area of low pressure accompanied by showers and thunderstorms developed along the wave around 275 miles (440 kilometres) south of Acapulco, Mexico. However, the low remained disorganized because of strong upper-level winds. On October 13, the low became better organized due to a relaxation in the shear. The low developed enough convection late on October 14 to be declared "Tropical Depression Fifteen-E" while located about 435 mi (705 km) southwest of Colima, Mexico.
The depression was embedded within a broad, low-level cyclone with weak steering currents that caused Fifteen-E to drift southward for the next 30 hours. On October 16, strong easterly wind shear exposed the center of the depression from shower and thunderstorm activity. However, a curving convective band developed around the system, and satellites detected winds of 40 mph (65 km/h). This prompted the National Hurricane Center to upgrade the depression to "Tropical Storm Kiko" as it drifted about 430 mi (695 km) southwest of Manzanillo, Mexico. The intensification was short-lived, and Kiko was downgraded to a tropical depression six hours later when the center separated from diminishing convection. On October 17, the storm was upgraded to a tropical storm when the low became associated with deep convection. The center remained poorly defined, and winds of tropical storm-force blew only in Kiko's southwest quadrant. Over the next few days, Kiko moved slowly towards the east-northeast as a minimal tropical storm and was forecast to either brush land or to make landfall along the Mexican coast on October 19 or October 20. However, early on October 19, Kiko turned to the northwest when a high-pressure ridge developed over Mexico. Forecasters predicted that the storm would become a strong Category 1 hurricane as it turned away from Mexico and headed to sea.
As the ridge pushed the storm away from the coast, weaker wind shear and warm sea-surface temperatures allowed Kiko to gradually intensify. The storm reached its peak intensity of 70 mph (110 km/h) 991 mbar (hPa; 29.28 inHg) late on October 20 while located around 175 mi (280 km) west-southwest of Manzanillo, Mexico. As it moved away from the coast, an eye began to form. Shortly thereafter, shear increased and began to separate the low from the deep convection. By the afternoon of October 21, the storm was poorly organized and the center was partially exposed. At this time, the weakening system had winds sustained at 50 mph (85 km/h). Early on October 22, a brief burst in showers and thunderstorms allowed the storm to maintain its intensity. That evening, Kiko was downgraded to a tropical depression as strong wind shear removed convection from the storm's center and exposed the low. As the depression moved over a dryer and more hostile area, two inhibiting factors for development of tropical cyclones, it slowly weakened. It lost almost all convection and degenerated to a remnant low-pressure area on October 23, and the National Hurricane Center issued its final advisory that night. The remnant low moved west before dissipating on October 27 over open waters.
Preparations and impact.
On October 18, a tropical storm warning was issued along the Mexican coastline from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero to Manzanillo, Colima, and a tropical storm watch extended northward to La Fortuna, Mexico, as Kiko was forecast to make landfall in that region on October 21. Above-normal tides and dangerous waves were expected along the coast. Rainfall totals of 4 inches (100 millimetres) to 7 in (180 mm) were possible over southwestern Mexico with isolated totals reaching 10 in (250 mm). As a precaution, port captains shut down shipping and advised residents to avoid low-lying areas that might flood. Civil Defense advised these residents to move to temporary shelters and tourists were told to stay indoors. Emergency procedures were on standby in case conditions became more threatening.
As the storm neared land, a ridge over Mexico prevented Kiko from coming ashore, resulting in far less damage than forecast. As Kiko traveled parallel to the coast, heavy rain affected the region for two days. In Kiko's rough seas off the coast of Mexico, a ship capsized with twenty-five passengers and crew. Continued effects from Kiko hampered rescue efforts, forcing officials to call off the rescue attempt. Authorities searched the beaches of San Francisco Ixhuatan and San Francisco del Mar for any signs of the ship. Only two people survived; fifteen bodies were recovered, and nine passengers were never found.

</doc>
<doc id="18613180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613180" title="Grant Park High School">
Grant Park High School

Grant Park High School is a high school located in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, that was founded in 1959. It is part of the Winnipeg School Division and teaches grades 7 to 12.

</doc>
<doc id="18613182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613182" title="Michael Rohoza">
Michael Rohoza

Michel Rohoza (, ) (died 1599) was the Ukrainian Metropolitan of Kiev, Galychyna and All-Rus' from 1588 to his death in 1599. In 1595 he signed the Union of Brest which moved the Ukrainian Church from the jurisdiction of the Patriarchate of Constantinople to the jurisdiction of the Pope, thus forming the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church.
Life.
He was born on about 1540 from a noble Belarusians family in the region of Volhynia. He probably studied in a Jesuit college in Vilnius where he worked as clerk for the prince Bogush Koretsky. He later entered in the monastery of the Ascension in Minsk of which he became archimandrite in 1579.
In 1589 Patriarch Jeremias II of Constantinople visited the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth on his return trip to Constantinople and, in agreement with king Sigismund III Vasa, deposed the Metropolitan Onesiphorus Devochka, probably because he was a digamy (the second marriage for priests) and he tolerated this use. King Sigismund, under the advice of the local nobility, appointed Michel Rohoza as Metropolitan, who was consecrated bishop by Jeremias II in August 1589 in Vilnius. 
As appointed Metropolitan, he started the reform of the Church, mainly by means of synods as the one summoned in 1590. His targets were reforming the mores of the clergy and a reduction of the meddling of lay people (and of confraternities) in the life of the Church and on monasteries. His attempts of reform were anyway opposed particularly from the stauropegics and the impossibility to carry on the reforms was one of the reasons for looking to Rome. 
Since 1590 Metropolitan of Kiev, Rohoza subscribed with all bishops a document soliciting a union with Catholic Church, conditioning this union of faith that Byzantine rite, liturgical practices and canon law would be preserved. This will was formalized in document on 2 December 1594 and again in two petitions, one to the king and one to Pope Clement VIII, undersigned in Brest on 12 June 1595. The Union of Brest was formally proclaimed 8 October 1596 always in Brest. Even if Rohoza signed the union, he later tried to hinder its action, but without results.
Rohoza died between June and August 1599. He was succeeded by the bishop of Volodymyr, Ipatii Potii, a fierce supporter of the union. Not all the Ukrainians supported the union, and twenty years later, in 1620 the Patriarch of Jerusalem re-established a Kievan Metropolia under his own jurisdiction, which first Metropolitan was Yov Boretsky, so duplicating the hierarchy.

</doc>
<doc id="18613271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613271" title="Yovani Humberto Romero">
Yovani Humberto Romero

Yovani Humberto Romero Guevara (Born April 11, 1980 in Santa Rosa de Lima, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays for Vista Hermosa in the Salvadoran Premier Division.
Club career.
Nicknamed "el Largo" (the tall one), Romero started his career at Salvadoran second division side Liberal and played for Atlético Chaparratique before joining Vista Hermosa in 2004. In May 2006 he stayed behind in the United States after an apparent injury but did not return in time so Vista Hermosa decided to offload him.
After a season without a club he again returned to Vista Hermosa for the 2012 Clausura.
International career.
Romero made his debut for El Salvador in an August 2005 friendly match against Paraguay, coming on as a substitute for Deris Umanzor. The game proved to be his sole international match.

</doc>
<doc id="18613279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613279" title="Employee monitoring">
Employee monitoring

Software.
See also main article: Employee monitoring software
e-mail monitoring.
E-mail scanning is a process in which incoming and outgoing mail passes through E-mail filtering software to search for content which may violate the policies of the employer. Often E-mails which are flagged by the filtering software will be then reviewed by a human to verify the validity of the E-mail content. While an employee has the right for privacy, using company property means a company may monitor the way their equipment is used. A wide misconception with electronic emails in a work environment is that privacy rights issued with electronic mail is exactly the same as the private communications of sending and receiving U.S. mail with an envelope. As long as the services being used are provided by the employer, it is not an invasion of privacy if they monitor their own systems. For the monitoring of employee electronic mail to be considered an invasion of privacy, it must fall under certain conditions. The person reading the electronic mail must engage in this activity intentionally with the purpose of intruding on private affairs, and the intrusion must be highly offensive to a reasonable person.
phone work.
Monitoring systems can automatically count every keystroke of data-entry and data-processing clerks. Similarly, workers who answer telephone calls all day are monitored in detail called Telephone tapping. The exact number and duration of each call, and the idle time between calls, can go into an automatic log for analysis. 
film surveillance.
One of the most effective forms of employee monitoring is through the use of Video surveillance equipment. Video feeds of employee activities are fed back to a central location where they are either recorded or monitored live by another person. "This is a benefit because it provides an unbiased method of performance evaluation and prevents the interference of a manager's feelings in an employee's review (Mishra and Crampton, 1998)." Management can review the performance of an employee by checking the surveillance and detecting problems before they become too costly.
Location monitoring.
For employees that do not work in a static location, supervisors may choose to track their location. Common examples of this are delivery and transportation industries. In some of these cases the employee monitoring is incidental as the location is tracked for other purposes, such as determining the amount of time before a parcel will be delivered, or which taxi is closest.
Employee surveillance may lead to an executive's decision on whether to promote or demote and employee or in some cases even fire them.
Different techniques can be used, e.g. employees' cell phone or Mobile phone tracking.
In arenas where employees are not paid to their full labor product, mass video surveillance is an industrial organization method deployed as a psychological tactic upon the proletariats psyche. Conceived by F. W. Taylor, though not available for many decades thereafter, video surveillance ensures near perpetual activity, or maximum exploitation. This method is favored in hotels to monitor housekeeping staff.
Employee privacy and ethical issues.
Companies need to make sure they remain moral in utilizing techniques for monitoring their employees. From an ethical point of view, the employee does not give up all of his or her privacy while they are in their work environment. Privacy can become a moral matter, but it is important to know what the employee and employer rights are. The ethical challenge that companies face involves protecting their interests through Internet monitoring while ensuring they don't go so far that employees lose all sense of privacy in the workplace. When a policy is in place, both the employer and employee will understand what is expected of each other. Without the proper policies and procedures there becomes no set standard and theoretically the employee has nothing to go by. The employee needs to understand what is expected of them while the employer needs to establish that rule.
Legal issues.
In Canada, it is illegal to perform invasive monitoring, such as reading an employee's emails, unless it can be shown that it is a necessary precaution and there are no other alternatives. In Maryland everyone in the conversation must give consent before the conversation can be recorded. The state of California requires that monitored conversations have a beep at certain intervals or there must be a message informing the caller that the conversations may be recorded, take note that this is not informing the company representative which calls are being recorded. Other states, including Connecticut, New York, Pennsylvania, Colorado and New Jersey, also have laws relating to when a conversation can be recorded
The following uses of employee information are generally considered legal:
According to Computer Monitoring: The Hidden War Of Control,“The employer of today has the ability and legal right to read e-mail, review files stored on a company computer, examine computer usage, and track individual employee computer activities. The idea of anonymous actions is an illusion. Every action between a network and the computers connected to it can be tracked. Every action by an individual worker on a computer can be tracked, analyzed and used against the employee. The protections and freedoms guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution and Bill of Rights are there to protect the individual from the Government and do not generally apply to the normal employee/employer relationship.”
Security.
In some cases, monitoring an employee's work leads to monitoring the employee's life in aspects that are not related to work. This leads to acquisition of information about the employee, compromising the security of the employee.
Financial Benefits.
Employee Monitoring can be used to monitor the safety and productivity of the employees but it also helps manage your bottom line financially. From the dishonest unethical employee who steals time and money from your business to the redefining of unprofitable processes in monitoring employee actions, employee monitoring allows for the growth of financial profits from a small investment. The monitoring of employees can help in the production of employees and it can help as protection in litigation by employees for job related issues such as failing to perform, illegal activities and harassment claims. According to the American Management Association almost half (48%) of the companies surveyed use video monitoring to counter theft, violence and sabotage. Only 7% use video surveillance to track employees’ on-the-job performance. Most employers notify employees of anti-theft video surveillance (78%) and performance-related video monitoring (89%), (Retrieved from the article The Latest on Workplace Monitoring and Surveillance on humanresources.about.com) 
References.
7. Mishra, J. M., & Crampton, S. M. (1998). Employee monitoring: Privacy in the workplace?. SAM Advanced Management Journal (07497075), 63(3), 4

</doc>
<doc id="18613299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613299" title="Arthur Dock Johnson">
Arthur Dock Johnson

Arthur Dock Johnson (born December 20, 1982 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American basketball player.
A graduate of Pershing High School in Detroit, Johnson played four seasons at the University of Missouri before declaring for the 2004 NBA Draft. He was not selected, but did sign with the New Jersey Nets at the start of the 2005-06 NBA season, appearing in three games before being released.

</doc>
<doc id="18613312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613312" title="List of general officers of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints">
List of general officers of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints

The following individuals are general officers of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). General officers of the LDS Church are distinguished from general authorities; all general officers are members of a presidency of a general auxiliary organization of the church.
Relief Society.
Linda K. Burton is a member of the Boards of Trustees/Education of the Church Educational System, as well as a member of the Executive Committee of the Boards.
Young Women.
Bonnie L. Oscarson is a member of the Boards of Trustees/Education of the Church Educational System.

</doc>
<doc id="18613314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613314" title="Castleberry's Food Company">
Castleberry's Food Company

Castleberry's Food Company was an Augusta, Georgia-based canned food company founded in the 1920s by Clement Stewart Castleberry with the help of his father Clement Lamar Castleberry and closed permanently in March 2008 by the United States Food and Drug Administration.
The company grew from a payroll of two to over 400 workers at its peak. Castleberry's was sold by the Castleberry Family in 1991 to Robert Kirby. Kirby later sold the company to Conor's Brother's foods, parent company of Bumble Bee Foods of Toronto, Canada. Due to problems with quality control, the brand experienced problems when it shipped products that were under-processed, resulting in several cases of botulism and subsequent widespread recall, and the cessation of production at their food processing plant.
Canned chili sauce.
Beginning in June 2007, eight people contracted botulism due to the consumption of "Hot Dog Chili Sauce" and other products manufactured by the Castleberry's Food Company plant in Augusta, Georgia, which were under-processed, resulting in the production of botulinum toxin within the cans. At that time, the Castleberry's plant was owned and operated by Bumble Bee. The United States' Centers for Disease Control and Prevention attributed the food poisoning to Castleberry's Food Company's use of a defective canning process which was inadequate to destroy spores of clostridium botulinum bacteria, thereby enabling the bacteria to produce botulinum toxin as the products aged. An FDA investigation later revealed that the problem arose from the use of canners which "had broken alarms, a leaky valve and an inaccurate temperature device." The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) advised consumers to dispose of foods recalled due to the food poisoning incidents in the following manner:Do not open or puncture any unopened can of the recalled product ... Dispose of food that may be contaminated by placing in a sealable bag, wrapping another plastic bag around the sealable bag, and then taping tightly. Place bags in a trash receptacle for non-recyclable trash outside the home and out of reach of humans and pets. Do not discard the food in a sink, garbage disposal, or toilet. Avoid splashing and contact with the skin. Wear rubber or latex gloves when handling open containers of food that you think may be contaminated. Wash hands with soap and running water for at least 2 minutes after handling food or containers that may be contaminated.
In total, 14 people in seven states (Texas – 4, Ohio – 3, Indiana – 2, Hawaii – 2, Georgia – 1, New Mexico – 1, California – 1) contracted botulism poisoning from Castleberry's chili products, under three different brands.The deaths resulted in litigation against Castleberry's, Bumble Bee Foods, and the equipment manufacturer.
Temporary recommencement of food manufacturing.
Following authorization by the FDA and USDA, Castleberry's Food Company restarted operations at its canning plant in September 2007, producing products which carried substantially different labeling and UPCs than those printed on cans of recalled food. Listed amongst the frequently asked questions on the Castleberry's Food Company Web site from November 2007 was the following query: "How do I know Castleberry's Food products are safe to eat?" However, in March 2008, the canning plant was closed permanently when the FDA revoked the "temporary emergency operating permit" that was allowing production to continue.
Company Purchase by Hanover Foods.
After closing, Hanover Foods, best known for frozen and canned vegetables, bought the rights to Castleberry's food and name. Hanover continues to sell products like chili and beef stew under the Castleberry's name.

</doc>
<doc id="18613324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613324" title="Lorna Doone (1922 film)">
Lorna Doone (1922 film)

Lorna Doone is a 1922 American film version of Richard Doddridge Blackmore's novel of the same name. 
Directed by French director Maurice Tourneur in the United States, the film starred Madge Bellamy and John Bowers. 
This is one of many film adaptations of the novel. It was filmed twice before in 1912 in England for Clarendon, and in 1915 for the American Biograph Company. Other later adaptions include 1934 and 1951 films and a 2001 television movie.
Restoration.
In 2001 a digital restoration of the film was financed by Georgia cinephile Jesse Sharp and released on DVD by Kino International. Japanese singer/songwriter Mari Iijima composed an all-new musical score for the film.

</doc>
<doc id="18613326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613326" title="Abdel-Moniem El-Ganayni">
Abdel-Moniem El-Ganayni

Dr. Abdel-Moniem ibn Ali El-Ganayni (عبد المنعم بن علي الجنايني) is an Egyptian-born American nuclear physicist, former prison Imam, and an active member of the Pittsburgh Muslim community. In 2007 El-Ganayni's U.S. security clearance was revoked, and he subsequently lost his job as a senior scientist at Bettis Atomic Power Laboratory.
Biography.
El-Ganayni was born in Minyat Samannoud, Egypt in 1950. His father, Sheikh Ali ibn Abdel-Moniem El-Ganayni (الشيخ علي بن عبدالمنعم الجنايني) was educated at the prestigious Al-Azhar University, where he completed his elementary, secondary, and high school studies. Sheikh Ali proceeded to the Al-Azhar Faculty of Islamic Law, where he completed the equivalent of a bachelor’s degree. He continued his studies to the graduate level, obtaining the equivalent of a Ph.D. in Islamic law (العالمية), and later a certification to practice law (إجازة القضاء الشرعي).
In 1973, Dr. Abdel-Moniem El-Ganayni obtained his Bachelors of Science in Physics from Ain Shams University in Cairo, Egypt. He went on to pursue a Masters of Science in Nuclear Physics and completed his degree in 1978.
In 1980 El-Ganayni moved to the United States to complete his Ph.D., obtaining a second Masters Degree in Nuclear Physics from the University of Pittsburgh in 1983. Between 1984 and 1989 El-Ganayni worked as a teaching assistant in the Department of Physics, and completed his Ph.D. in Atomic Physics in 1990. He became an American citizen in 1988.
Shortly after completing his graduate studies, El-Ganayni was hired by Westinghouse Electric Company, working in the Bettis Atomic Power Laboratory as a Senior Scientific Programmer, and later as a Senior Scientist. Throughout his employment at Bettis he received positive reviews, authored and coauthored a number of academic papers, and contributed to numerous projects.
El-Ganayni’s contributions were not limited to scientific endeavors; he is a founding member of the Islamic Center of Pittsburgh, served two terms as the center’s president, and helped to establish the mosque’s current location in Schenley Heights. For close to a decade El-Ganayni worked and volunteered as an Imam at correctional facilities in both Ohio and Pennsylvania. Part of El-Ganayni’s prison outreach included the creation of the PA DOC Monitor, a website examining the condition, and necessary reform of the Department of Corrections.
Loss of Security Clearance, Employment, and Anti-Muslim Discrimination.
Dr. El-Ganayni’s work at Bettis Atomic Power Laboratory required the possession of a Department of Energy (DOE) issued security clearance, enabling him to work with classified information. In October 2007 El-Ganayni’s security clearance was suspended,
The suspension of El-Ganayni’s security clearance was prefaced by an interview with DOE security officials, and later the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). In these interviews, questions were asked regarding El-Ganayni’s political beliefs, religious views, and his work as an Imam in the prison system. No questions related to his work or any potential breaches of security were asked in either interview.
The DOE officials instead focused on a seemingly innocent Islamic book entitled, “The Miracle of the Ant,” authored by Turkish Islamic publisher and author Harun Yahya; unbeknownst to El-Ganayni, the content of Yahya’s book was largely, if not completely duplicated from a Pulitzer Prize winning work entitled, “Journey to the Ants” published by Harvard University Press.
Dr. El-Ganayni distributed excerpts from book to prisoners (both Muslim and non-Muslim) while serving as an Imam at Forest State Correctional Institution. DOE officials expressed concern over a purely scientific description of ants’ biological defense mechanisms in a chapter entitled, “Defense and War Tactics” insinuating that El-Ganayni distributed this material with sinister intent, and subsequently questioned his allegiance to the United States of America. His supervisor at Forest, chaplaincy director Glenn McQuown reviewed the book and described it as “completely benign.”
The interviews also focused on El-Ganayni’s criticism of American foreign policy and the FBI’s mistreatment of Muslims after September 11, 2001. Specifically, El-Ganayni raised concern over an FBI raid of a Pittsburgh mosque during Friday prayers, where attendees were searched and forced to stand outside while being questioned. Revocation of El-Ganayni’s security clearance also may be related to his establishment of the PA DOC Monitor, a website and prison outreach program which critically examines the Pennsylvania Department of Corrections and its policies, insisting that drastic reform of the system is required for it to truly benefit prisoners and society at large.
El-Ganayni vs. the United States Department of Energy et al...
On June 26, 2008 the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) with Schnader, Harrison, Segal, and Lewis as co-counsels filed a lawsuit on behalf of Dr. El-Ganayni alleging that the DOE revoked his clearance due to criticism of the FBI and U.S. foreign policy. The suit demands that the DOE reveal their allegations against El-Ganayni and restore due process, allowing him to contest any allegations made against him. A hearing date has not been set as of July 28, 2008.
A motion for preliminary and permanent injunction against the U.S. Department of Energy and its acting director, Jeffrey Kupfer was filed on September 3, 2008 requesting the following:
On September 25, 2008 the DOE filed a motion to dismiss El-Ganayni's preliminary and permanent injunction. On October 14, 2008 Dr. El-Ganayni's attorneys filed a brief in opposition of the DOE's motion to dismiss.
On October 31, 2008 Judge Terrence F. McVerry stated that the court "reluctantly concludes that it lacks subject-matter jurisdiction to adjudicate the claims made in Counts I and II of the Complaint" effectively granting the DOE's Motion to Dismiss in relation to Counts I and II. However, the court requested supplemental briefing regarding Count III, specifically concerning the DOE's interpretation, application, and adherence to executive procedure. Briefs from both the DOE and El-Ganayni's defense regarding Count III were submitted on November 14, 2008.
Judge McVerry ruled in favor of Dr. El-Ganayni and refused to dismiss Count III on November 20, 2008. In his court order McVerry stated that, "Defendants’ interpretation [of their own regulations is not consistent with the actual text of the Executive Orders." This ruling was based on a DOE regulation stating that a clearance can only be revoked by a DOE agency head, not simply a Deputy Secretary. Subsequently, November 24, 2008, a day before a scheduled hearing to discuss pending motions, future direction of the litigation, and the possible scheduling of a preliminary injunction hearing, DOE secretary Samuel Bodman signed a revocation of El-Ganayni's clearance citing national security and the government requested a dismissal of the case. This dismissal was granted , however Dr. El-Ganayni appealed his case to the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court. Dr. El-Ganayni's brief for appeal of the dismissal was filed March 19, 2009 and a decision was made in the DOE's favor on January 11, 2010. In summation, the judges stated that the DOE is by extension part of the government's Executive Branch, and therefore the 3rd Circuit has no jurisdiction over the matter.
Leaving the United States.
On November 26, 2008 El-Ganayni and his wife left to Egypt after residing in the United States for 28 years. El-Ganayni stated that he would rather return to his birthplace than live in America as a second-class citizen and that he "feel very sad that the American people have lost a good bit of their Constitution," quoting John Adams who said, "once you lose your rights and liberties, it's very hard to get them back."

</doc>
<doc id="18613360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613360" title="Schmalhausen">
Schmalhausen

Schmalhausen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18613368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613368" title="Otto Deßloch">
Otto Deßloch

Otto Dessloch (11 June 1889 – 13 May 1977) was a German World War II Luftwaffe general and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Dessloch was born at Bamberg. During World War II Dessloch commanded Luftwaffe units in the Eastern Front. After Paris was liberated by the Allied forces Dessloch commanded an air unit which avenged the liberation by bombing the city destroying civilian targets and killing 200 French civilians on September 1944.
According to the Yad Vashem Memorial in Israel, Otto Dessloch is a war criminal.
He died in Munich in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18613375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613375" title="Benzylacetone">
Benzylacetone

Benzylacetone (IUPAC name: 4-phenyl-2-butanone) is a liquid with a sweet, flowery smell that is considered to be the most abundant attractant compound in flowers (e.g. Coyote Tobacco, "Nicotiana attenuata") and one of volatile components of cocoa. 
It can be used as an attractant for melon flies ("Bactrocera cucurbitae"), in perfume, and as an odorant for soap.
It can be prepared by the hydrogenation of benzylideneacetone.

</doc>
<doc id="18613380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613380" title="Altibase">
Altibase

Altibase is a relational database management system (RDBMS) vendor specializing in in-memory computing 
technology.
Corporate Structure.
Altibase Corporation is privately owned, its head office being located in Seoul, South Korea. It also operates a branch office in Palo Alto, California, which opened in November 2010.
Revenue and Market Share.
Altibase is privately owned.
In South Korea, Altibase occupies 80% of the in-memory database market in all sectors, including 90% market share in the securities field. Altibase occupies about 4% of the overall enterprise database market share in South Korea.
Clients.
Altibase clients in the telecommunications, financial services, manufacturing, and utilities sectors in South Korea include SK Telecom, KT Corporation (formerly Korea Telecom), Hyundai Securities, Samsung Electronics, Shinhan Bank, Woori Bank, The South Korean Ministry of Defense, G-Market and Chung-Ang University.
Altibase users in Japan include FX Prime (:ja:FXプライム), a foreign exchange services company, and Retela Crea Securities (:ja:リテラ・クレア証券). 
In China, the three major telecommunications companies (China Mobile, China Unicom, and China Telecom) use ALTIBASE HDB in 29 of 31 Chinese provinces.
Products and Services.
Altibase HDB.
ALTIBASE HDB is a so-called "hybrid DBMS" that combines an in-memory database with a conventional disk-resident database.
Altibase DSM.
ALTIBASE DSM is window-based data caching software for use in real-time Complex event processing applications. This product was formerly known as ADS ("Altibase Data Stream").

</doc>
<doc id="18613387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613387" title="Raúl Antonio Coreas">
Raúl Antonio Coreas

Raúl Antonio Coreas Pérez (born February 7, 1989 in San Miguel, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays for Dragón in the Salvadoran Second Division.
He is the younger brother of El Salvador national team member Salvador Coreas.
Club career.
Coreas' professional career began in July 2007, when he signed a contract with C.D. Vista Hermosa. He officially made his debut on November 7, 2007, in a league match against San Salvador F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="18613395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613395" title="War Without End (album)">
War Without End (album)

War Without End is the debut album released by the American thrash metal band Warbringer on February 5, 2008 via Century Media Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18613420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613420" title="Volutoconus">
Volutoconus

Volutoconus is a small taxonomic genus of four rare species of sea snails, medium-sized predatory marine gastropod mollusks in the family Volutidae.
Distribution.
"Volutoconus" species live in tropical and subtropical waters. All four species in the genus live in Australia, and the range of one species, "Volutoconus bednalli", extends to Papua New Guinea and Indonesia. "Volutoconus" snails live in coarse sand and rubble from the shallow subtidal zone to over 200 m depth.
Shell description.
The shells of "Volutoconus" species have a bluntly rounded protoconch with a small sharp projection called a calcarella. They are solid, glossy, cylindrical-shaped shells with an elongate aperture that has four distinct columellar plicae. "Volutoconus coniformis", "V. grossi" and "V. hargreavesi" are reddish-brown in colour, and "V. bednalli" is yellow with reticulate blue-black bands. "Volutoconus grossi" form "mcmichaeli" and "Volutoconus hargreavesi" form "daiseyae" have distinct axial ribs.
Notes.
"Volutoconus" are uncommonly found alive. They are sometimes accidentally caught by fishermen as bycatch on prawn or scallop trawlers. These volutes are nocturnal and have a small foot compared to many other volutes. The foot, head, propodium, eyes and siphon of "Volutoconus hargreavesi" and "Volutoconus grossi" have a similar colour pattern to that of the shell.

</doc>
<doc id="18613446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613446" title="Wild Tigers I Have Known">
Wild Tigers I Have Known

Wild Tigers I Have Known is a 2006 feature film written, edited, produced and directed by Cam Archer. After being work-shopped at the 2005 Sundance Screenwriter's Lab, the film had its world premiere at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival, and went on to be screened at New Directors/New Films, London International Film Festival, Locarno International Film Festival and AFI Film Festival. In 2007, the film was released theatrically by IFC Films. However, this is a re-edited shorter edition in (chronological) scenes, sound and duration, which leads to another interpretation of the director's intent with his movie. The original length was 1:38 min., and the ICF-film only 1.21 min. Some scenes have been deleted, e.g. an episode in which the main character compares his penis' size with that of a friend is not included. The episode at the party in which Logan is overtly being accused by some older boys for being a faggot boy, is omitted too (Only the end by which he is punched in the nose is available), as well the scene that Logan goes, dressed up as Leah, to the house of his boyfriend Rodeo and talks to the girlfriend of him. In the original score the song 'Wild tigers I have known' by Emily Jane White was not included. To make it more confusing, shoots that are in the re-edited movie, are not be found in the original extended release, so considering this the film was probably about 1:50 minutes. Also there is a European DVD-release, issued by Soda, in which the IFC-film is even shorter, namely 1:13 minutes.
The film follows 13 year-old Logan (Malcolm Stumpf), as he comes to terms with his sexual identity, the hell of middle school, wild mountain lions and life with his single mother (Fairuza Balk).
Cinematographer and frequent Archer collaborator, Aaron Platt, received a 2007 Independent Spirit Award nomination for his work on the film. Gus Van Sant and producer Scott Rudin were executive producers on the project, in addition to producers Lars Knudsen and Jay Van Hoy.
The film was shot in and around Archer's hometown of Santa Cruz, California.
Music.
The film's soundtrack features music by Comets on Fire, Current 93, Emily Jane White, Nate Archer, Nina Simone, Pantaleimon and Six Organs of Admittance.
Emily Jane White's contribution, the song "Wild Tigers I Have Known", was written specifically for the film and can be heard during the end credits. The song appears on the film's official soundtrack and on White's debut album, "Dark Undercoat". In addition, a music video was produced and directed by Archer, and included as an extra on the DVD release of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="18613471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613471" title="Jenni Screen">
Jenni Screen

Jenni Screen (born 26 February 1982 in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian women's basketball player who plays for Australia and the Italian club team Basket Parma. She was a member of Australia women's national basketball team, "The Opals", that won a gold medal at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
Screen is married to fellow basketballer Neil Mottram, brother of middle-distance runner Craig Mottram.

</doc>
<doc id="18613477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613477" title="Vladimir Graić">
Vladimir Graić

Vladimir Graić (, born 19 February 1968) is a Serbian composer of popular, film and television music. Among other pieces, he composed the song Molitva, performed by Marija Šerifović, which won the 2007 Eurovision Song Contest.
Born in Belgrade, Serbia, to renowned composer Radoslav Graić, he had an affinity and showed aspiration for music from early childhood and began with private piano lessons at the age of four. While attending primary and secondary school, he continued simultaneously with his music education. At the age of six he was enrolled into the Music school “Josif Marinković” where he had piano lessons for 3 years. He then continued his studies in piano and theory from 1977 to 1982 at the Music school “Mokranjac”, the oldest, most respectable and most renowned Serbian musical institution, representing the foundation of musical culture and education in Serbia and the former Yugoslavia. After he finished secondary school, he graduated from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Electrical Engineering.
In the beginning, he was mostly interested in electro-pop music, but soon after he introduced a pure pop sound and since then has been writing immensely popular "pop" songs. He has also composed in most other music genres such as rock, electric, artistic, children’s music, etc. and since 2000 he is also involved with folk music in Serbia. Vladimir Graić always maintained that he wrote his serious pieces for himself and his less serious ones to make a living; nevertheless his melodic talent was so abundant that one can hardly distinguish a quality gradient between the two.
In 1996 he joined the Serbian state TV and radio broadcasting service Radio Television of Serbia (RTS), where he assumed the position of Music Editor of the RTS’s entertainment programme. After six years, in 2002 he was promoted to the position of the Editor in Chief for Music Production at RTS’s music publishing house PGP RTS records. He had been always active in recording, enriching Serbian discography with dozens of records. Since he has been in this position, PGP has had over 300 releases in classic, etno, pop, rock and folk categories.
During 14 years of his professional engagement at the RTS, he created as an author or music director numerous entertainment TV shows: Hit 2000, Sunday Afternoon (Nedeljno popodne), Music Hot Report, Impulse (Impuls)...
In 1996 he began collaboration with the Serbian theaters, and wrote music for several plays of the contemporary theatrical repertoire.
A versatile, many-sided personality, he used his talents in many more artistic activities: he co-founded and co-directed the biggest Serbian pop music festival “Beovizija”, first held in 2003, and organized by RTS, the Serbian national broadcaster. In 2004, it became the Serbian semi-final to choose songs for the final of “Evropesma” (Eurosong). The winner of Evropesma was to represent Serbia and Montenegro in the Eurovision Song Contest. In 2004 he founded the Radio Festival of Serbia (Radijski festival Srbije), organized by the most popular radio station in the country “Radio S”, promoting Serbian pop music. Apart from this, he has participated in all major music festivals as music director, member of the jury and author of compositions.
More than 20 of his compositions were awarded in different categories at music festivals throughout the country. His compositions have been awarded at international festivals as well:
Many of his compositions were entitled “Hit of the Year”, amongst others:
He was voted composer of the year on several occasions: 1994 (MESAM); 2000 (Oscar for Popularity); 2006 (“Zlatni melos”); 2007 (all over European countries)
He has also written the music for numerous advertising campaigns: Cosmopolitan (Serbian edition), Men's Health (Serbian edition), Hemofarm (International Pharmaceutical Group), Srbijašume (State Enterprise for Forest Management), Genex Kopaonik (Tourist Ski Center), etc.
From 1986 he is the member of the Association of jazz, popular and rock musicians in Serbia, and was the member of its Management Board from 1996 to 2000. He is also active as a member of the authors' music rights protection organization SOKOJ and he is member of Supervisory Board at the moment. From 1998 he is the member of the Composers' Association of Serbia and he is member of Management Board from 2011. From 2008 he was also member of GEMA.

</doc>
<doc id="18613486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613486" title="Anna Vladimirovna Dybo">
Anna Vladimirovna Dybo

Anna Vladimirovna Dybo (born June 4, 1959) is a Russian linguist, member of the Russian Academy of Sciences and co-author of the "Etymological Dictionary of the Altaic Languages" (2003).

</doc>
<doc id="18613489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613489" title="The Million Hare">
The Million Hare

The Million Hare is a 1963 Warner Bros. "Looney Tunes" theatrical cartoon starring Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck. This cartoon short is directed by Robert McKimson and written by David Detiege.
A few clips from this cartoon were used, with color commentary by John Madden and Pat Summerall, as part of the fourth quarter of the 2001 Cartoon Network special "The Big Game XXIX: Bugs vs. Daffy".
Summary.
During the opening titles, a tune from "With Plenty of Money and You" plays on the soundtrack. The camera pans down a stack of TV antennas and enters the underground home of Bugs Bunny, who is hosting Daffy Duck. They watch a game show called "Beat Your Buddy" on the television. An announcer says that he will draw two names from the "buddy barrel". The persons named will race each other to the television studio, and the first to arrive will win "the million bucks." The announcer draws Bugs and Daffy's names.
Bugs and Daffy then race each other to the television studio. Daffy finds himself continuously hindered in the race, usually due to his own recklessness. For example, he drives a moped onto a bridge under construction and winds up in the water below.
Bugs keeps a steady and simple pace, causing him to reach the television station first. Daffy dons a jet pack, hoping to beat Bugs to the top floor of the studio. Daffy flies to the top floor, grabs Bugs, and zooms out the other end of the building. They land in an antique glass shop and are taken to a hospital. Even though they are in bandages with Daffy on crutches and Bugs in a wheelchair, they continue to race and Daffy crosses the finish line first.
Daffy then discovers that "the million bucks" is actually "the million box," a huge box filled with a million little boxes. Considering the prize worthless, Daffy donates the prize to Bugs. The announcer then reveals that there is a one-dollar bill inside each little box, and "With Plenty of Money and You" is heard again. After this, the announcer asks Daffy if he wants to tell the audience something. In this moment, Daffy's head slowly changes into a donkey (read: jackass)'s head and starts braying.
Availability.
""The Million Hare"" is available, uncensored and uncut, on the "Looney Tunes Superstars" DVD. However, it was cropped to widescreen. It is also available on The Best of Bugs Bunny DVD, also cropped to widescreen.

</doc>
<doc id="18613497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613497" title="Battle of the Karbala Gap (2003)">
Battle of the Karbala Gap (2003)

The Battle of the Karbala Gap occurred during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. The Karbala Gap is a 20-25-mile wide strip of land with the Euphrates River to the east and Lake Razazah to the west. This strip of land was recognized by Iraqi commanders as a key approach to Baghdad, and was defended by some of the best units of the Iraqi Republican Guard. American forces attacked Iraqi forces in the area with massive air attacks followed by concentrated armored thrusts which resulted in the Iraqi units being surrounded and annihilated.
Initial Moves.
The Iraqi high command had originally positioned two Republican Guard divisions blocking the Karbala Gap. Here these forces suffered heavy Coalition air attacks. However, the Coalition had since the beginning of March been conducting a strategic deception operation to convince the Iraqis that the US 4th Infantry Division would be mounting a major assault into northern Iraq from Turkey. This deception plan worked, and on April 2 Saddam's son Qusay Hussein declared that the American invasion from the south was a feint and ordered troops to be re-deployed from the Karbala front to the north of Baghdad. Lt. Gen. Raad al-Hamdani, who was in command of the Karbala region, protested this and argued that unless reinforcements were rushed to the Karbala gap immediately to prevent a breach, American troops would reach Baghdad within 48 hours. His suggestions fell on deaf ears.
Meanwhile, American troops were pushing through the gap and reached the Euphrates River at the town of Musayib. An expected Iraqi chemical attack did not materialize. At Musayib, American troops crossed the Euphrates in boats and seized the vital al-Kaed bridge across the Euphrates after Iraqi demolitions teams had failed to destroy it in time. In response, Lt. Gen. Hamdani was ordered to launch an immediate counterattack. Hamdani later said that his units were not in condition to launch an immediate counterattack and that he counseled to establish a defensive line along the Usfiyah River in order to contain the American breakthrough. Nevertheless, Hamdani's forces launched a counterattack on the night of April 2–3.
Iraqi Counterattacks April 2–3.
The 10th Armored Brigade from the Medina Division and the 22nd Armored Brigade from the Nebuchadnezzar Division, supported by artillery, launched night attacks against the American bridgehead at Musayib. The attack was savagely repulsed using tank fire and massed artillery rockets, destroying or disabling every Iraqi tank in the assault. The next morning, Coalition aircraft and helicopters counterattacked the Republican Guard units, destroying many more vehicles as well as communications infrastructure. The Republican Guard units broke under the massed firepower and lost any sense of command and cohesion. By the end of the day, the tanks of the 3rd ID had overrun Lt. Gen. Hamdani's headquarters and Hamdani and his staff fled. American forces lost no men killed in this action while Iraqi losses are estimated at 230 to 300 killed.
Destruction of the Medina Division.
While the fight around Musayib was raging on April 3, other elements of the US 3rd ID had captured Baghdad International Airport. Before pushing deeper into Baghdad, US commanders decided to mop up the remnants of the Republican Guard Medina Division which were still present south of Baghdad. The intention was to catch the Medina Division from behind, while they were engaging other units to their front. The 2nd Brigade of the 3rd ID under Col. David Perkins was dispatched to the southwest towards Objective Saints, the codename for the intersection between highways 1 and 8. The interchange was defended by dismounted infantry, and during the fight for Objective Saints one US soldier was wounded and an M1 Abrams tank was disabled by an RPG round (it was later repaired).
After capturing Objective Saints on the 3rd, the 2nd Brigade pushed south and made contact with the remnants of the 10th and 2nd Brigades of the Medina Division. Despite reports that 80% of the division's vehicles had been destroyed, the Iraqis had moved their vehicles away from their prepared defenses and hidden them near buildings and in palm groves, sparing many of them from air attack. Hundreds of Iraqi tanks, IFVs and artillery were still present.
The American tanks tore into the Iraqi vehicles, destroying many of them at point blank range. Despite the survival of many of their vehicles, the Iraqi defense was un-coordinated and many troops put on civilian clothes and deserted during the fight, leaving their uniforms on the battlefield. The Medina Division ceased to exist as an effective fighting force.
Aftermath.
The Battle of the Karbala Gap had been a one-sided engagement in which elements of the 3rd Infantry Division annihilated the best units in the Republican Guard while suffering minimal losses. However, four days later, the Iraqis scored a direct hit on the Third Infantry Division, Second Brigade's Tactical Operations Center, with an Al-Samoud variant rocket, estimate 280 kg payload warhead, killing three soldiers, two foreign reporters, wounding 14 additional soldiers, and destroying 22 vehicles, mostly unarmored Humvees.
The destruction of these units left the door to Baghdad wide open for the 3rd ID, and the next day Col. Perkins lead the first "Thunder Run", an armored strike through southern Baghdad. Baghdad would fall within days.

</doc>
<doc id="18613508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613508" title="War Without End">
War Without End

War Without End may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18613520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613520" title="Shira Lazar">
Shira Lazar

Shira Lazar is a Canadian television personality, actress, writer and video blogger who currently resides and works in Los Angeles.
Lazar's writing has been featured on Hollywood.com, CBSNEWS.com, MSN.com, and others, and she has appeared as a host or as a guest at The Oscar's (online red carpet host), CNN, Fox News, The Grammy's, Yahoo! (Entertainment Host).
Lazar currently runs DISRUPT/GROUP, an online production company she co-founded, and was once a regular feature writer and video blogger for the CBS News.com blog 'OnTheScene' She is the creator and host of Partners Project, a YouTube talk show which has interviewed such YouTube stars like iJustine, Shay Carl, Freddie Wong, Lisa Nova, Michelle Phan, Ok Go, and Nice Peter.
She is also the creator, executive producer and host of What's Trending. It consists of a blog that is updated daily, as well as a live interactive talk show covering the most popular videos on YouTube that airs daily on WhatsTrending.com.
Biography.
Lazar was born in Montreal, Quebec. After graduating from St. George's High School she went on to study at Dawson College where she worked on "The Plant" newspaper. After finishing college she moved to Boston, Massachusetts to attend Emerson College and obtained a BA in TV/Video production. Shira was the voice of the Peach in "Annoying Orange: Jalapeno ". She is the stepsister of American Apparel founder Dov Charney.
Career.
Lazar began her media career in 2004 as host of the College Sports Television program "1st Person". In 2005 she went on to become a host and producer for Music Plus TV and hosted celebrity Q&A video's on Yahoo. In 2006 she contributed feature pieces to Hollywood.com, and wrote that year's Oscar's awards night preview feature for Los Angeles Confidential.
Lazar developed and hosted an online reality competition for MSN.com at TasteMaker. In 2009 she became the host of the Mahalo.com online weekly video program This Week in YouTube. In April 2008 Lazar began hosting "LX TV", a lifestyle entertainment show for NBC4 in Los Angeles.
Lazar covered the latest technology and media trends in a blog for CBSNews.com called OnTheScene. Lazar is a co-founder of the digital production company DISRUPT/GROUP, which produces online content such as The Partners Project, and interview show that profiles and features viral video stars. Lazar is also a regular contributor to The Huffington Post on issues of new technology, digital life and viral web trends. In 2009 Lazar was a featured writer and blogger on Travel Channel's "Confessions of a Travel Writer".
In 2010, Lazar was a guest speaker at the Mashable and CNN Media Summit. Also in 2010, Lazar was nominated by Wired as one of the sexiest geeks of 2010. In 2011, Lazar was featured in "Fast Company" magazine as one of the "Most Influential Women in Technology". Lazar was also the host of Fashion's Night Out for Macy's in September 2011. Also in 2011, Lazar was featured by The Huffington Post's "Women in Tech" series as "Women in Tech You Need to Follow."
Lazar hosted the online red carpet event for the 2011 Grammy Music Awards. Lazar also hosted the live stream red carpet and backstage access for the 2011 Oscar's coverage for oscars.com.
On September 20, 2011 Lazar started a weekly blog series on Entrepreneur titled, "Social Media Breakdown." In October 2011, in partnership with MTV's A Thin Line Campaign, Lazar began an anti-bullying campaign using the Twitter hashtag #StopBullying.
On December 6, 2011, Lazar was interviewed by Leslie Bradshaw of Forbes where she stated, "Not only is Shira a powerhouse in her own right, but she is also a pioneer in the field. Many have dabbled in vlogging, but few have stuck it out and brought immense value along the way. When I think of the modern correspondent, I think of Shira."
In October 2012, Lazar was listed in Variety's Women's Impact Report 2012, under the Creatives category.
What's Trending.
On May 17, 2011, Lazar began hosting a weekly, live, interactive television show called What's Trending. The show consists of two celebrity panelist discussing news that's currently trending or has been during the week in addition to live performances and special events.
What's Trending was nominated for a 2012 Primetime Emmy for Outstanding Creative Achievement in Interactive Media, Original Interactive Television Programing.
In December 2012, What's Trending participated in the 1st Annual Tube-A-Tweet-A-Thon." People would go to Twitter and tweet using the hashtag #Tubeathon and $1 would be donated to Covenant House to try and raise $50,000 to serve homeless youth.
In August of 2012, What's Trending announced a partnership with YouTube to go from live weekly to daily as the "MTV of YouTube".
In June 2013, What's Trending received a seven figure investment from Bedrocket Media Ventures to expand production, distribution and ad sales.
Controversy and Subsequent Removal from CBS News.
On September 9, 2011, someone at "What's Trending" erroneously posted that Apple CEO Steve Jobs had died on the official "What's Trending" Twitter account. The tweet had said "Reports say that Steve Jobs has passed away. Stay tuned for more updates,” and was soon trending. The tweet was removed shortly thereafter, with Lazar apologizing, saying Jobs death was "completely unconfirmed". Later from her own Twitter account, Lazar apologized again for the inaccuracy of what had been tweeted. Hours after the first tweet was posted, CBS News severed ties with "What's Trending" and Lazar.

</doc>
<doc id="18613528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613528" title="Dama Dramani">
Dama Dramani

Dama Dramani (born 1944) is a Togolese politician who has been President of the National Assembly of Togo since 2013. He was Secretary-General of the Rally of the Togolese People (RPT), the ruling party, from 2003 to 2006, and following the 2007 parliamentary election he was President of the RPT Parliamentary Group in the National Assembly.
Career.
Dramani, who was born in Manigri, Benin, is a member of the Bassari ethnic group; he is also a half-brother of one of Gnassingbé Eyadéma's wives, Lami. A civil administrator, Dramani was appointed as Director of Equipment and Real Estate at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation on August 19, 1980, and then as Director of the Cabinet of the Ministry of Public Health on September 4, 1980. While serving as Regional Commissioner of Dapaong, he was appointed as District Head ("chef de conscription") of Lomé on May 26, 1981. He subsequently served as Prefect of Golfe before being appointed as Director of the Cabinet of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation on January 27, 1982. In that capacity, Dramani signed the African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights on behalf of Togo on February 26, 1982. He served for 13 years as Director of State Protocol at the Presidency.
In the March 1999 parliamentary election, Dramani was elected to the National Assembly as the RPT candidate in the Second Constituency of Tchamba Prefecture; he faced no opposition and won the seat with 100% of the vote. He then served in the government as Minister of Trade, Industry, Transport, and the Free Zone until he was excluded from the government that was named on July 29, 2003. At the RPT's Eighth Ordinary Congress in late November 2003, he was elected as Secretary-General of the RPT.
Following the death of President Eyadéma on February 5, 2005, Dramani said that it was "tragic for Togo". Eyadéma's son Fauré Gnassingbé succeeded him as President, but this was succession was widely deemed unconstitutional. Dramani was included as part of a Togolese delegation that travelled to Niamey on February 12 in an attempt to explain and defend Gnassingbé's succession to the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), which had reacted to it with hostility.
Dramani was replaced as RPT Secretary-General by Solitoki Esso at the party's Ninth Ordinary Congress in December 2006. He remained a member of the RPT Political Bureau and a member of the RPT Central Committee from Tchamba Prefecture.
Dramani was the first candidate on the RPT's candidate list for Tchamba Prefecture in the October 2007 parliamentary election, and he was elected to the National Assembly. Following the election, he became President of the RPT Parliamentary Group.
In the July 2013 parliamentary election, Dramani was re-elected to the National Assembly as a candidate of the Union for the Republic (UNIR), a party created to replace the RPT as the ruling party, in Tchamba. When the National Assembly began meeting for its new term, Dramani was elected to succeed Bonfoh Abass as President of the National Assembly on 2 September 2013. Opposition deputies boycotted the vote because UNIR was unwilling to give them the posts of first and second vice-president in the Bureau of the National Assembly. Consequently UNIR deputies were elected to all the posts in the Bureau.

</doc>
<doc id="18613530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613530" title="Siderops">
Siderops

Siderops is an extinct genus of chigutisaurid temnospondyl from Early Jurassic of Australia.
It was recently argued that it should be reclassified as a brachyopoid. "Siderops" was of big size, with a skull up to 50 cm long an a total length of 2.5 m.

</doc>
<doc id="18613538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613538" title="I Need a Girl">
I Need a Girl

I Need a Girl may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18613559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613559" title="Rohanee Cox">
Rohanee Cox

Rohanee Cox (born 23 April 1980) is an Australian women's basketball player who plays for Australia. She is an Australian aboriginal and has one daughter. She played club basketball for the WNBL's Perth Lynx, Townsville Fire and West Coast Waves. She was one of the first Australian aboriginals to represent Australia in basketball at the Olympics. She won a silver medal as a member of the Australia women's national basketball team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Personal.
Cox, nicknamed Roey, was born on 23 April 1980 in Broome, Western Australia. She is tall. The WNBL and Yahoo!Sport list her height as . FIBA lists her height as . She weighs . On her back, she has a tattoo that means "last chance". She got the tattoo in 2006.
Cox is an indigenous Australian. She is well known in the Kimberley region of Western Australia. She has been named the NAIDOC Sportsperson of the Year. When she was 20 years old, she was living in remote Western Australian town of One Arm Point, single and pregnant. She has a daughter named Alyriah. As a parent, she tried to encourage her daughter to eat healthily, which was easy because her daughter was not a picky eater. She has also encouraged her daughter to play basketball, signing her up for a local league.
Cox was featured in the WNBL's 2009 league calendar.
Basketball.
Cox plays in the forward position. In 2011, she played in the Queensland Basketball League for Cairns. She was named the player of the week in Round Seven.
Cox left the game for a while, but returned to basketball a year after the birth of her daughter.> Her daughter inspired her to do as she wanted, so her daughter would understand what was possible. She said of this: "Just having her made me realise that I wanted her to have as much of an opportunity life as I did. Just getting back into basketball has helped her get on her way and, more or less, helped me with my life and our lives together." She was also inspired to return by Kathy Freeman's performance at the 2000 Summer Olympics. She later took another year off from basketball in order to have another child.
Cox has won several honours. In 2007, she won the Maher Medal for International Player of the Year. In 2008, she was featured as a basketball star on myFiba. In 2009, she won a Deadly Award for Female Sportsperson of the Year.
WNBL.
Cox had a scholarship with and played for the Australian Institute of Sport in 1996, 1997 and 1998. She played for the Perth Lynx in 1999/2000, and 2002/2003.
In 2005/2006, she played for the Townsville Fire. She was with them again during the 2007/2008 season. In a January 2008 game against Bendigo, she scored 23 points in an 83-78 win for Townsville. She was named to the WNBL's All-Star Five this season. In 2008/2009, she was the WNBL MVP. She was the league's leading scorer that season. She played for the Townsville Fire again in 2009/2010. She had to miss the first ten weeks of the season because of a knee injury. Cox played for the West Coast Waves in 2011/2012.
National team.
Cox was one of the first Australian aboriginals to represent Australia in basketball at the Olympics. She has 53 caps with Australia's junior national team. In 1995, she made her first international cap with Australia's U-19 team at the FIBA World Championships. She played for them again in 1997, where her team took home a silver medal. In 1997's competition, she averaged 10.1 points per game and 3.9 rebounds per game and 1.2 assists per game.
Cox made her Australian Opals debut as a teenager teenager. She left the team and sport shortly after that and did not get another cap with them team until 2006, eight years later. Getting back on to the squad for 2008 was a challenge as she had to overcome a knee injury. She first played for the Opals in 1998 at the Brazil Olympic Committee Invitational and was named to the 1999 and 2000 squads.
In March 2007, Cox was named to the national team what would prepare for the 2008 Summer Olympics. She participated in the 2007 FIBA Oceania Championship for Women. She averaged 9.3 points per game and 4.3 rebounds per game and 3.0 assists per game. She participated in the 2008 FIBA Diamond Ball Tournament for Women. She averaged 6.3 points per game and 2.3 rebounds per game and 1.3 assists per game. At the 2008 Summer Olympics, she had had an Aboriginal flag and an Australian flag on her kit. Her parents and sister watched her play in Beijing. She won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She was the first Aboriginal Australian to win an Olympic medal in basketball. Her team won 7 straight games at the Olympics, only losing to the United States in the gold medal game. She averaged 5 points per game and 3 rebounds per game and 0.2 assists per game. At the time she won the medal, her daughter was seven years old.
Cox played in 2009 in a series against China which Australia won 2 games to 1. She was expected to step up for the third game. On 2 September 2009, she played in the Canberra hosted return game against New Zealand in the Oceania Championship. Her team took a gold in the Oceania Championships. In the competition, she averaged 2 points per game and 1 rebounds per game and 1 assists per game. She was a member of the national team again in 2001 and 2011. She was trying to make the Opals squad that will represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics and participated in the national team training camp held from 14 to 18 May 2012 at the Australian Institute of Sport.

</doc>
<doc id="18613563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613563" title="Joichiro Sanada">
Joichiro Sanada

Biography.
A native of what is now Bibai, Hokkaidō, Sanada graduated from Sapporo South High School and the army cadet school in Sendai before being accepted into the 31st class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy. He served in the infantry, and subsequently graduated from the 39th class of the Army Staff College in 1927. He served with the Tokyo Defense Headquarters in his early career, and held a number of staff assignments at the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff. He was sent as a military attache to Europe from 1936-1937. After his return to Japan, from 1938–1939, he was Secretary to the Minister of War. From 1939-1940, he briefly held a field command (IJA 86th Infantry Regiment) before his appointment as Army Liaison Officer to the Japanese China Area Fleet from 1940-1941. 
Sanada was a strong supporter of Hideki Tōjō's rise to the position of prime minister in the Japanese government, and served in various senior positions within the Army General Staff during World War II. In the closing days of the war, he became Chief of Staff of the Second General Army.

</doc>
<doc id="18613569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613569" title="Max Loong">
Max Loong

Max Loong (born March 8, 1980 in Malaysia) is an actor, host and producer of Swiss and Chinese (Malaysian) descent.
Swiss entertainment magazine Schweizer Illustrierte ranked him as one of the top 100 most important and influential Swiss personalities in 2007.
In the same year, Elle Magazine Singapore awarded him the ‘Breakout Star of the year’ award.
Among some of his most recognisable works, he has been the host of MusicStar, the Swiss equivalent of American Idol, and also filled a role as the lead character (Michael Wong) of Singapore’s Emmy nominated comedy First Class.
Life.
Max was born in Malaysia to a Swiss mother and a Chinese-Malaysian father. His father was a race car driver in the 70's and his mother worked for Christie's auction house in Zurich. His grandmother, Rosemarie Volz was an Opera singer in Switzerland in the 1940s and 1950s.
When he was three, Max moved to Switzerland. Shortly after graduating Kantonsschule Hottingen with a degree in economics in 2000, he got in contact with VIVA Schweiz, at this time Switzerland's top ranking music channel. This was eventually where he landed his first on-screen job as a TV host.
In 2004 he trained at the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute in Los Angeles, where he discovered his passion for acting. His fellow students and teachers cast him in independent movies such as The Intervention or Syndicate:Zeed.
Max took a short break from life in the states and headed to Singapore in 2006, in part to rediscover his Asian roots and be closer to his family in Malaysia.
As an MTV VJ and actor, he went on to become a popular television personality in South East Asia.
TV career.
At the age of 20, he beat more than 400 other competitors to become the host for the first Swiss music channel, VIVA Schweiz. This was his first foray into hosting.
Shows he has hosted in Europe include Fanta Fiesta (teleprompter), McMusic (requestshow), FreaX (gameshow), Popschau (newsshow), Sunrise (latenightshow) and his own produced hit show Interaktiv (liveshow) where he has interviewed famous artistes such as Britney Spears, Mariah Carey, Usher, 50 Cent, Alicia Keys, Robert Downey Jr. and Pierce Brosnan to name a few.
Traveling and trying things at least once was a philosophy well rewarded when he landed a job in Asia in 2006 as MTV Southeast Asia’s new VJ.
He hosted the award-winning multimedia show "MTV Mobbed" which was broadcast all over the Asia Pacific Region.
He also kept his other interests alive during his tenure by hosting Gamepad (gameshow), Pop 10 (chartshow), Pop Inc. (life-style show) and red carpet coverage of the MTV Asia Awards 2006 in Bangkok (Thailand).
In 2007, Max was chosen as the Musicstar host, which is the Swiss equivalent of American Idol.
In 2008 and 2009, Max Loong also hosted reality- and entertainment shows such as the S-Factor and Mitsubishi Challenge.
He has also been involved in numerous productions for one of South-East Asias largest networks Mediacorp Singapore.
In 2009, he signed on for the 4th season of MusicStar in Switzerland.
Film career.
In 2003 he has acted in leading roles on the big screen in Swiss movies such as in “Piff Paff Puff”, a movie about gangsters with different racial backgrounds, playing the role of a drug addict.
While in Snow White, a film about the high society party scene of Zurich, being a DJ, and in his controversial hit movie Breakout, a movie about violent kids locked up in a Swiss youth jail, he took up the role as a rapist, playing his most challenging character so far.
He also had a television drama series named after him, Adventure Max. He appeared in the first two seasons of the French television series Deja Vu and other television shows.
Loong landed a starring role in the Asian dramedy series "After Hours", which ran for 13 episodes.
He starred in Singapore’s Emmy nominated number 1 comedy series First Class (season 1&2) as a young teacher at a dysfunctional school and the 2010 drama “Perfect Deception”.

</doc>
<doc id="18613573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613573" title="Trematosaurus">
Trematosaurus

Trematosaurus is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian found in Germany and Russia. It was first named by Hermann Burmeister in 1849 and the type species is "Trematosaurus brauni".

</doc>
<doc id="18613593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613593" title="The Keys of the Kingdom (film)">
The Keys of the Kingdom (film)

The Keys of the Kingdom is a 1944 American film based on the 1941 novel, "The Keys of the Kingdom", by A. J. Cronin. The movie was adapted by Nunnally Johnson, directed by John M. Stahl and produced by Joseph L. Mankiewicz. The movie stars Gregory Peck, Thomas Mitchell, and Vincent Price, and tells the story of the trials and tribulations of a Catholic priest who goes to China to evangelize.
Plot.
Father Francis Chisholm (Gregory Peck) is visited in his old age by Monsignor Sleeth (Sir Cedric Hardwicke) at his parish in Tweedside. The Monsignor informs Father Francis that the Bishop thinks it would be better if he retires, as Father Francis' somewhat unorthodox recent teachings have become a distraction. The Monsignor retires to his room in the rectory, and finds Father Francis' diary that recounts his story from 1878. As the Monsignor begins to read the diary, a flashback begins.
One night during his childhood, Francis' father was beaten by an anti-Catholic mob during a rainstorm. As his mother attempts to lead her husband to safety, they both die in a bridge collapse, leaving young Francis an orphan. He is raised by his aunt, and the next we see of Francis, he is leaving for the seminary with his childhood friend, Anselm "Angus" Mealey (Vincent Price). Francis studies at seminary for a year, but is unsure about all of the Church's teachings. He still finds himself in love with Nora, a girl from his home. However, he finds out that after he left, Nora had a child out of wedlock with another man, and she dies before Francis can return to see her. This prompts him to go back to seminary and follow through with his studies, and Francis becomes a priest.
Francis' first two assignments as a priest are unfulfilling to him, so the Bishop asks Francis to be a volunteer missionary to China. Francis readily accepts the position, even though that means it would take him far from home as well as far from Judy, Nora's daughter. Francis arrives in Paitan, Chekhow Province in China to find the mission destroyed by floods, and not rebuilt because the true Christians all left, leaving only those who attended to receive free rice. Because the Church hadn't given the mission money for rice in over a year, "the faith left them when the rice gave out." Francis rents a small room in the city to evangelize, but because he has no money or influence, he is attacked by those same "rice Christians" who were supposed to help him.
A local man named Joseph (Benson Fong) hears Francis is in town, and offers to help him rebuild the church out of Christian duty and not for money. Francis then receives medical supplies from his childhood friend Dr. Willie Tulloch (Thomas Mitchell), which allows Francis to offer services to the sick. Francis is summoned to the home of local official, Mr. Chia (Leonard Strong), to heal Chia's only son of his infection. Joseph is apprehensive because if Chia's son dies, Francis will be in danger, but Francis goes anyway. He saves the boy, but Chia and his household are ungrateful because Francis' methods and faith were so contrary to the local tradition. A few weeks later, Chia comes to Francis in order to covert to Christianity, but Francis rejects him because he would not be converting for the proper reasons. Instead, Chia thanks Francis by giving the mission many acres of land and all of Chia's workers in order to build a thriving mission.
Two years later, the buildings are almost done, but the nuns arrive a day earlier than planned and Francis is disheveled when show up. Francis' relationship with the Reverend Mother Maria-Veronica (Rose Stradner) is tense, but they put aside personal differences when the town is the scene of a battle between republic and imperial troops. Willie visits from Scotland and is able to create a makeshift hospital, but the church is destroyed in a fire set by imperial troops. Willie is then shot, and eventually dies. The imperial general then gives Francis a choice: either all food and money from the mission are given to the general or the mission and everyone inside of it is destroyed. Joseph and Francis come up with a plan to sabotage the imperial troops, and Francis is forced to leave his impartiality and blows up the imperial troops.
Later, Angus arrives -- now a Monsignor -- as he is making a review of world missionary sites. He tells Francis that the Church cannot pay for the rebuilding of the mission, and that Francis has the lowest conversion rates in the world. Angus implores Francis to convert rich Chinese and live in luxury in order to impress the locals, but Francis refuses. Meanwhile, the Reverend Mother apologizes for her "shameful" behavior towards Francis and begs for forgiveness, which she receives.
Ten years pass, and Francis' mission is flourishing. The church is full of true Christians, and the area is peaceful. The Reverend Mother tells Francis that American Methodists are building a mission inside town, and Francis goes to visit them. Francis becomes friends with the Methodist missionaries, and peace continues. More years pass, and as Francis prepares to depart China, he learns that Angus is now Bishop.
The flashback ends, and Monsignor Sleeth admits to Francis that he read the diary. Francis is flattered, and Sleeth tells Francis that he won't tell the Bishop anything is amiss at Francis' parish, leaving Francis be as he spends his remaining time doing what he loves doing: serving a parish.
Production.
Alfred Hitchcock, a Catholic, liked the novel very much and hoped to direct it, but the plans fell through. Actors considered for the role of Father Chisholm included Spencer Tracy, Orson Welles, Edward G. Robinson, Gene Kelly, and Henry Fonda. Ingrid Bergman was considered for the part of Mother Maria-Veronica, though Rose Stradner, the wife of producer Joseph L. Mankiewicz, was cast instead.
Awards.
The film was nominated for Academy Awards in the following categories: 
Music.
Alfred Newman incorporated Irish and Chinese elements into the score. The beautiful theme at the heart of the track, "The Hill of the Brilliant Green Jade", is associated with a Chinese nobleman who befriends Father Chisholm after he has saved his son’s life. Newman later reused the melody in his Oscar-winning score for the 1955 film "Love is a Many-Splendored Thing". Richard Rodgers lifted the tune for the song “I Have Dreamed” in the 1951 musical "The King and I".
Adaptations to other media.
"The Keys of the Kingdom" was adapted as a radio play on the November 19, 1945 episode of Lux Radio Theater featuring Ronald Colman and Ann Harding. It was also adapted on the August 21, 1946 episode of Academy Award Theater with Gregory Peck reprising his leading role.

</doc>
<doc id="18613626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613626" title="Boi-1da">
Boi-1da

Matthew Jehu Samuels (born on October 12, 1986), professionally known as Boi-1da ( ), is a Canadian hip-hop producer from Toronto, Ontario. He has produced for artists and groups such as Clipse, The Diplomats, Drake, Kanye West, Eminem, Nicki Minaj, G-Unit, Kardinal Offishall, k-os, Das Racist, Lecrae, Nas, Bizzle, Talib Kweli and Saukrates, among others. He significantly collaborates with other producers who co-produce on his tracks including, The Maven Boys, Stephen "Koz" Kozmeniuk, Vinlyz and Allen Ritter.
Early life and career.
Born in Jamaica, Samuels moved to Canada when he was five, and grew up in the Silver Springs area of Scarborough, Toronto. He was also raised in Ajax, Ontario, where he currently resides. At the age of eight, his mother bought him a Casio keyboard, and at the age of 15, a friend had introduced him to FL Studio (formerly Fruity Loops). Without any formal musical training, he started using the FL Studio beat-making program. A few years later, he won three consecutive Battle of the Beatmakers championships; because of this accomplishment, he was given a spot in the Battle of the Beatmakers judging panel.
While Boi-1da is known to use samples in his productions, he often incorporates live instrumentation and an air horn sound effect (more commonly used in dancehall and reggae). He currently uses FL Studio 9 to make beats, previously, he used Fruity Loops 3.56 and 7 XL. Boi-1da was influenced by producers such as Dr. Dre, Swizz Beatz, Timbaland, and The Neptunes.
Dr. Dre appeared on the remix of "Set It Off" by Kardinal Offishall, produced by Boi-1da. In an interview with FLOW 93.5, Boi-1da revealed that he was working on beats for Dr. Dre's highly anticipated album, "Detox", which was to be released in 2011. However, the album has yet to be released, and none of the released or leaked tracks by Dr. Dre feature Boi-1da's production. He's currently working with songwriter Sean Garrett, has submitted tracks for Usher, and worked with the Jonas Brothers in studio. He's also working on Busta Rhymes' upcoming album, "Extinction Level Event 2".
Boi-1da produced the hit song, "Not Afraid", by Eminem, which premiered April 29, 2010.
Boi-1da was credited for producing "hahahaha jk?" from Das Racist's debut album "Sit Down, Man", which was released September 2010.
In April 2011, Boi-1da was confirmed to be working on Drake's second album, "Take Care", which was released November 15, 2011.
Boi-1da has recently worked with the rapper Lecrae on his song "Gimme a Second" from his mixtape "Church Clothes". He has also collaborated with the rapper Bizzle for his next album titled "The Good Fight" due out in May 7, 2013. He is also a member of Drake's October's Very Own with Noah "40" Shebib and T-Minus.
Awards and nominations.
ASCAP Pop Music Awards.
The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP) hosts a series of awards shows, honoring people in different music categories; pop music is one of its seven categories. In 2011, Drake presented the award to him and 40, They both won the ASCAP Pop Music Award for the Songwriters of the Year for "Over".
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Boi-1da has been nominated five times and has won three Grammy's.

</doc>
<doc id="18613670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613670" title="Home of Lola Montez">
Home of Lola Montez

The Home of Lola Montez is located in downtown Grass Valley, California at 248 Mill Street. Lola Montez, the internationally known singer and dancer, moved here in 1853, and this is the only home she ever owned.
History.
In November 1850, Grass Valley held its first election under an oak tree on the site where the home was soon built. The following year, in 1851, a building was constructed on the property and used as an office for Gilmor Meredith’s Gold Hill Mining Company. The building was used as a schoolhouse in 1852. 
Montez moved to Grass Valley in 1853 and purchased the building for her home. She hosted parties in her salon, kept a pet bear, and mentored the young Lotta Crabtree whose home (later, a historical landmark) was on the same street. Montez left Grass Valley in 1855. In subsequent years, the building was remodeled and by 1975, it was condemned. 
The current building is a replica of the one depicted in an 1854 sketch. It houses the Nevada County Chamber of Commerce and a small museum.
California Historical Landmark.
This Nevada County building is California Historical Landmark No. 292. It was registered on 20 July,1938.

</doc>
<doc id="18613678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613678" title="Oracle VM">
Oracle VM

Oracle VM is the server virtualization offering from Oracle Corporation. Oracle VM Server for x86 incorporates the free and open-source Xen hypervisor technology, supports Windows, Linux, and Oracle Solaris guests and includes an integrated Web based management console. Oracle VM features fully tested and certified Oracle Applications stack in an enterprise virtualization environment.
Oracle VM can be freely downloaded through Oracle Software Delivery Cloud. Oracle announced the general availability of Oracle VM Release 3.2 in January 2013.
Resource limits.
Oracle VM can take advantage of up to 160 CPUs, 2TB RAM per server and can host a maximum of 128 VMs per server (correct as of 3.0.3).

</doc>
<doc id="18613714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613714" title="What Kind of Fool">
What Kind of Fool

"What Kind of Fool" is the title of a vocal duet from 1981 (see 1981 in music) by singers Barbra Streisand and Barry Gibb. The song was written by Gibb and Albhy Galuten.
Released as the third single from Streisand's 1980 album "Guilty", "What Kind of Fool" was the third consecutive top ten single from the album in the United States. "Woman in Love" reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, and the album's title track (also a duet between the two singers) reached number three, both in late 1980. "What Kind of Fool" spent three weeks at number ten on the Hot 100 in March and April 1981. It also spent four weeks atop the "Billboard" adult contemporary chart.
The songs on the "Guilty" album were a collaboration between Streisand and all the members of the Bee Gees, including Barry's brothers, Robin and Maurice Gibb. But Barry Gibb played the largest role of the brothers on the album, co-writing and co-producing most of the tracks and appearing on the album cover embracing Streisand. Co-producer Karl Richardson was quoted describing Barry Gibb's contribution to this song: "He did the demo first. Barbra sang to the demo, then he came back and replaced a couple of things after he had heard what she was doing."
"Glee" Version.
Popular American TV serial "Glee" covered this song in 2011 by fictional character Blaine Anderson (as played by Darren Criss). This was featured on their soundtrack album "". No Glee episode had featured this version, as it is only appeared in the album.

</doc>
<doc id="18613738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613738" title="Fiesta Fiasco">
Fiesta Fiasco

Fiesta Fiasco is a 1967 Warner Bros.-Seven Arts "Looney Tunes" theatrical cartoon starring Speedy Gonzales Daffy Duck and other mice. This cartoon short is directed by Alex Lovy and written by Cal Howard.
Summary.
Speedy Gonzales and his friends set up balloons and streamers for a fiesta. When they learn that Daffy Duck is approaching, they cease preparing and hide. When Daffy asks about the decorations, Speedy says that he does not see anything.
Daffy decides that the mice have planned a party and have chosen not to invite him. He then sets out on ruining their party. He builds a machine that creates a raincloud. Instead of raining on the mice, the cloud follows Daffy and causes him lots of problems. He is struck by lightning, he is caught up in a tornado and he is constantly rained upon (it's possible the raincloud had a will of its own and didn't want Daffy to ruin the preparations).
After suffering much torture from the raincloud, Daffy learns that the fiesta is really his surprise birthday party. (In reality, 1967 marked the 30th anniversary of Daffy's debut.)

</doc>
<doc id="18613748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613748" title="Tim Ohlbrecht">
Tim Ohlbrecht

Tim Ohlbrecht (born August 30, 1988) is a German professional basketball player.
Pro career.
Ohlbrecht began his professional playing career with the German League club Bayer Giants Leverkusen, during the 2005–06 season. He then signed with the German League club Brose Baskets Bamberg in 2006. He was loaned to TSV Breitengüßbach, where he played in both the German 2nd Division, and the German 3rd Division, from 2006 to 2008. He was also loaned to Nürnberger BC, where he played in the German 2nd Division, during the 2007–08 season.
Ohlbrecht, due to his age, was available for the 2010 NBA draft, but subsequently went undrafted. Ohlbrecht then signed with Telekom Baskets Bonn for the 2010–11 season. In the summer of 2011, he signed with Skyliners Frankfurt for the 2011–12 season.
In November 2012, Ohlbrecht was acquired by the Rio Grande Valley Vipers. On February 4, 2013, he was named to the Prospects All-Star team for the 2013 NBA D-League All-Star Game. On February 25, 2013, he was signed to a multi-year deal by the NBA's Houston Rockets. The Rockets sent Ohlbrecht back to the Vipers as a D-League assignee on April 9, 2013. On July 15, 2013, he was waived by the Rockets.
On July 16, 2013, he was claimed off of waivers by the Philadelphia 76ers. However, he was later waived by the 76ers on October 16.
On November 30, 2013, he was re-acquired by the Rio Grande Valley Vipers. On March 1, 2014, he was traded to the Fort Wayne Mad Ants.
German national team.
Ohlbrecht made his debut with the senior men's German national basketball team in 2008. He participated, together with Dirk Nowitzki, in the 2008 Summer Olympic Games. Ohlbrecht played again for Germany at the FIBA EuroBasket 2009, the 2010 FIBA World Championship, and the FIBA EuroBasket 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18613753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613753" title="22 Squadron">
22 Squadron

22 Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18613758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613758" title="Nemani Nadolo">
Nemani Nadolo

Nemani Nadolo (born 31 January 1988), formerly Ratu Nasiganiyavi, is a Fijian rugby union player. His usual position is wing or centre. He has signed on to play for the Crusaders in 2014.
Family and early life.
Ratu Nemani Driu Nasiganiyavi was born in Sigatoka, Fiji. At three months of age he moved to Brisbane, Australia where his father, Iliesa Siganiyavi, played rugby for Queensland.
He changed his name to Nemani Nadolo later as an adult, adopting his mother's maiden name in 2009 instead of the surname of his father, who had left the family home when he was young.
He attended Nudgee College, and was selected for the Queensland Schoolboys rugby team in 2005. He is the older brother of Chris Kuridrani (formerly Chris Nasiganiyavi), and Lote Tuqiri is his cousin.
Rugby career.
After featuring for Perth Spirit in the 2007 Australian Rugby Championship (as Ratu Siganiyavi), he headed east to play for Randwick in 2008. He hit the ground running for Randwick scoring 13 tries in his first seven matches. His club rugby season was punctuated by selection for the Australian Under 20 team for the 2008 IRB Junior World Championship, where he crossed seven times in five matches to be the tournament’s leading tryscorer.
Nasiganiyavi was one of the finds of the 2008 season, with his hard-running and try-scoring prowess earning the powerhouse wing a Super 14 contract with the Waratahs.
Nasiganiyavi's size, style of play and Pacific Islander background drew him comparisons to Jonah Lomu when he signed for the Waratahs in 2008. According to prop Matt Dunning, "he runs like a chicken but he is faster than a lion".
He played his first match for the Junior Waratahs on the 2008 Development Tour of Fiji less than 200 metres from his mother’s village in Nadi. After changing his name to Nemani Nadolo in November 2009, he signed to play for Manly in the Shute Shield for 2010.
He signed with French TOP14 team Bourgoin-Jallieu for the 2010–11 season, but transferred to England's Exeter Chiefs in January 2011. Nadolo's brief time at Exeter was fairly troublesome, He was registered at Exeter under his Australian Passport, and was mistakenly picked alongside two other non kolpak players. This is a breach of IRB regulations and resulted in Exeter being docked two premiership points and fined £5,000. Also while at Exeter he was arrested by police for Drink Driving, he was subsequently banned from driving for 18 months and fined £950. The following day it was announced that Nadolo had been released from his contract with the club. Nadolo played for the NEC Green Rockets in the Japan Top League between 2011 and 2013.
In October 2013, Nadolo signed to play for Crusaders in the 2014 Super Rugby season.
International career.
Nadolo made his Test debut in 2010 when selected in the 24-member Fiji team for a one-off match against Australia, followed by the 2010 IRB Pacific Nations Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18613766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613766" title="28 Squadron">
28 Squadron

28 Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18613781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613781" title="Walking Off a Cliff Again">
Walking Off a Cliff Again

"Walking Off A Cliff Again" is the fourth of six singles released from The Mint Chicks' 2006 album "Crazy? Yes! Dumb? No!". Released in October 2007, it failed to chart on the New Zealand Top 40, although it was popular on alternative radio stations such as bfm.
Its B-Sides "2010" and "I Can't Stop Being Foolish" were rough demos of tracks appearing on the Chicks' third album, Screens.
Music video.
The music video was popular on channels such as C4 and Oliver Driver's ALT TV. It has an appearance from the band at the beginning as lego men, spurring a teenager into running until he jumps off a high-rise building, landing in a bathtub.

</doc>
<doc id="18613788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613788" title="Sven Schultze">
Sven Schultze

Sven Schultze (born July 11, 1978) is a German professional basketball power forward/center. He is 2.08 m (6'10") in height and he weighs 111 kg (245 pounds). He currently plays for Alba Berlin of the German League.
German national team.
Schultze is also a member of the German national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="18613789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613789" title="60 Squadron">
60 Squadron

60 Squadron or 60th Squadron may refer to:
Army Units :
60 Field Squadron Royal Engineers

</doc>
<doc id="18613823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613823" title="TAITRONICS">
TAITRONICS

TAITRONICS, or Taipei International Electronics Show () is a trade show held every October by Taiwan External Trade Development Council and Taiwan Electrical and Electronic Manufacturers' Association to promote electronic industry in Taiwan since 1974.
After entering the Taipei World Trade Center in 1986, the TAITRONICS held every spring and autumn with different topics. Initially, the spring show before 1994 was ever named with Taipei International Electrical Equipment Show. In addition, TAITRA made an initiation on DVD and optoelectronic show from 2001 to 2005.
With a rapid change in electronic industry, some subsidiary shows confronted to be combined and suspended. In 2006, the TAITRA priory repackaged Taipei Opto and TAITRONICS Spring with AutoTronics Taipei (Taipei International Automobile Electronics Show) and DigiTronics Taipei, to adapt trendy changes on electronic industry. Afterward, the Taipei Computer Association also suspended "Taipei Telecom", a 14-years-old telecommunication show, with quality issue and category duplications with TICA (Taipei Computer Applications Show) since 2001.
In the presence, only the AutoTronics Taipei can be held sustainably in conjunction with two auto shows - Taipei AMPA (Taipei International Auto Parts & Accessories Show) and Motorcycle Taiwan (Taiwan International Motorcycle Industry Show) every spring since 2007.
Not only the main show every October, the TAITRA also promotes this show brand successively to help the ICT and electronic industries expanding in Thailand and India since 2006. In addition, the TAITRA will schedule the other three related shows - TaiwanRFID (Taiwan International Radio Frequency Identification Applications Show), PV Taiwan (Taiwan International Photovoltaic Forum & Exhibition), and Broadband Taiwan (Taiwan International Broadband Communications Show) in 2008 after moving this major show into TWTC Nangang.
In the year 2013, the 39th Taipei International Electronics Show (Taitronics 2013) will be held again at Taipei World Trade Center Nangang Exhibition Hall (TWTC Nangang) on October 8 to October 11, 2013.
The 39th Taipei International Electronics Show (Taitronics 2013) will focuse on Electronic Components, Batteries & Power Supplies, LED Components & Applications, Meters & Instruments, Process & Manufacturing, Wires & Cables, Consumer Electronics, Safety & Security and RFID Equipment & Applications. 

</doc>
<doc id="18613841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613841" title="Robert Garrett (basketball)">
Robert Garrett (basketball)

Robert Garrett (born 18 March 1977 in Ochsenfurt, Bavaria) is a German professional basketball shooting guard with the pro club the FC Bayern Munich (basketball) of the Basketball Bundesliga.From 1996 to 2002 Greene played with DJK Würzburg where he was a teammate of Dirk Nowitzki. Before transferring to Munich he played for the Brose Baskets of the 1st Division. He is 1.92 m (6 ft 3 ¾ in) in height and he weighs 98 kg (215 pounds). Garrett was also a member of the German national basketball team. He competed at the 2008 Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18613844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613844" title="Alice Glass">
Alice Glass

Alice Glass (born August 23, 1988) is a Canadian singer. She is best known as the lead vocalist and songwriter of Crystal Castles.
Biography.
Alice Glass is the vocalist and songwriter of Canadian duo Crystal Castles. She was born in 1988 in Toronto, Ontario. At the age of fourteen she ran away from home to live in a squat community of punks under the name Vicki Vale, yet continued going to school, dropping out before she graduated, and also started an all-girl crust-noise band Fetus Fatale. After seeing Glass perform with Fetus Fatale, Ethan Kath, impressed by her performance, gave her CD-Rs with 60 instrumental tracks of which she chose 5 to write vocals for. Alice Glass and Ethan Kath went to a recording studio to record the 5 songs and unknown to the band, the microphone check before the session was secretly recorded by the engineer, who later presented the band with a CD-R with 6 tracks. This 6th extra track was discovered by London UK's Merok Records who went on to release the track as the band's first vinyl single, "Alice Practice", despite Glass not knowing the track existed or what it sounded like, and named for the fact Glass was just doing soundchecks prior to starting her intended recording session.
In 2008, before the band's interview with "Now Magazine", Glass disappeared and neither Ethan nor the band's manager could contact her. Crystal Castles was infamously shut down at Glastonbury 2008 after Glass climbed a speaker stand just before "Alice Practice" and was swallowed by the crowd during "Yes No".
In March 2008 Glass broke two of her ribs in a car accident. Doctors instructed her to take at least six weeks off to allow time to heal but she continued the tour, performing a twenty minute set within days of the accident.
In Tokyo on 18 January 2011, Glass fell and put strain on the unhealed ankle injury, causing her ankle to break. Against the wishes of her physicians, Glass chose to perform 5 months' worth of shows on crutches instead of canceling.
During a 2012 performance with Crystal Castles at Brixton Academy, Glass kept a small shrine on stage in tribute to a deceased friend and fan of the band. The show was reported to be very chaotic, so much so that a security guard asked Glass to address the situation. She spoke directly to the crowd, a rarity for a Crystal Castles performance. Before performing "Wrath of God" she went on to explain that the shrine was for the band's friend Conor, who died at only 18 years old the previous day. She is quoted as saying "Life is fucking unfair... and there is no God, and there is no Heaven, there is fucking nothing." 
At the 2013 Glastonbury Festival, Crystal Castles began their set 20 minutes past the scheduled time, with Glass visibly exhausted and beginning "Plague" sitting with her head in her hands. According to NME, Glass had been suffering from food poisoning, but chose to perform anyway. According to many fans, Glass pulled through the entire set, though a live BBC broadcast of the performance was cut short after 20 minutes "at the artist's request".
Accolades.
Alice Glass topped NME's Cool List in 2008 (beating mainstream artists such as Jay-Z) and responded by criticizing the idea of the cool list itself. In 2011 Rolling Stone Magazine named Alice Glass one of ten icons in 20 Years of Lollapalooza moments (alongside legends such as Sonic Youth, Patti Smith, and Jesus & Mary Chain). Alice Glass and her band Crystal Castles received the John Peel Award For Innovation at the 2011 NME Awards. Her debut album with Crystal Castles was included in NME's "Top 100 Greatest Albums of the Decade" list at #39.

</doc>
<doc id="18613867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613867" title="Central Avenue Jazz Festival">
Central Avenue Jazz Festival

The Central Avenue Jazz Festival is a yearly free jazz festival that takes place the last weekend of July in the South Central section of Los Angeles, which is the historical predominantly African-American area of the City.
Central Avenue, after which the area is named, was in the 1930s and 1940s a vibrant center for jazz. At this time the infamous covenant line along Washington Boulevard demarcated the areas where blacks were allowed to live. Even the giants of jazz music, such as Duke Ellington were allowed to play in Hollywood and other areas, but they could not stay there. They often stayed at the now-historic Dunbar Hotel. The Dunbar Hotel featured a nightclub called the Club Alabam, where the jazz greats would play after hours. All around the hotel there were numerous other clubs featuring jazz and blues, which were the launching point for the careers of many well-known musicians. One of the aims of the festival is to raise funds for the preservation of the Dunbar Hotel.
The festival takes place on several blocks of Central Avenue, south of Martin Luther King Boulevard, which includes the Dunbar Hotel. There are many booths with food, arts and crafts, as well as community outreach programs. The festival is free of charge, and in previous years has included free secure parking at a local school.
The festival was started in 1996 and has regularly featured a number of prominent jazz, blues, and Latin Jazz musicians who got their start in the area, such as Teddy Edwards, Gerald Wilson, Arthur Blythe and Ernie Andrews. A strong component of the festival's format has been to spotlight young Los Angeles musicians, such as Kamasi Washington, and Kalil Wilson, as well as talent from the neighborhood's high school bands and choirs.
The festival distinguishes itself in that it is a thoroughly non-commercial event. There is no over-bearing corporate sponsorship and there are no concessions made to commercialism.

</doc>
<doc id="18613877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613877" title="Ethan Kath">
Ethan Kath

Ethan Kath (born 25 December 1982) is a Canadian musician, known as the producer and main songwriter of Crystal Castles.
Rolling Stone Magazine named Crystal Castles the #1 Icons of 20 Years of Lollapalooza. Ethan Kath and his band Crystal Castles received the John Peel Award For Innovation at the 2011 NME Awards. His debut album with the band Crystal Castles was included in NME's "Top 100 Greatest Albums of the Decade" list at #39.
History.
Prior to his work in Crystal Castles, Kath played different instruments in many bands. As a teenager he played drums in an anarchist-punk band called Jakarta. Later he played bass in a garage-metal band called Kill Cheerleader. He was also in a 2-piece folk band, inspired by Leonard Cohen and Neil Young. The folk band ended with the death of his friend and band mate, Pino Placentile. All 3 Crystal Castles albums are dedicated to Pino Placentile. 
Crystal Castles are known for the elusiveness of their off-stage lives and identities. Kath is routinely photographed wearing hoodies which obscure some or all of his face and has gone by a number of different aliases, creating confusion over his real name. His name is adapted from a nickname Alice Glass gave him, "Ethan Catheter". He had asked Glass to name him after "the most uncomfortable thing ever."

</doc>
<doc id="18613894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613894" title="Boto">
Boto

Boto is a Portuguese name given to several types of dolphin and river dolphin native to the Amazon and the Orinoco river tributaries. A few botos exist exclusively in freshwater, and these are often considered primitive dolphins.
Classification.
The botos are a paraphyletic group, defined largely by their evolutionary convergences.
The genus "Sotalia" is divided into two species. The costero ("S. guianensis") is distributed in the Atlantic, from Florianópolis in Santa Catarina, Brazil and northwards. The tucuxi ("S. fluviatilis") lives in the rivers of the Amazon.
Burmeister's porpoise spinipinnis") is marine and lives from Santa Catarina to the south.
The Amazon river dolphin ("Inia geoffrensis") thrives in fresh water, are endemic of the Amazon basin, and are placed in the Data Deficient category of the IUCN.
The Araguaian river dolphin ("Inia araguaiaensis") is a newly identified species. It is native to the Araguaia-Tocantins basin of Brazil.
The La Plata dolphin ("Pontoporia blainvillei"), another vulnerable Brazilian denizen, is a marine river dolphin that ranges from Espírito Santo, Brazil, to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="18613910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613910" title="Demond Greene">
Demond Greene

Demond Greene (born 15 June 1979) is a dual German-American citizen and professional basketball player. He plays both the point guard and shooting guard positions. He is 1.86 m (6 ft 1 ¼ in) in height and he weighs 86 kg (190 pounds). His father is from the USA and his mother is German. 
Greene currently plays with the number 24 for Bayern Munich. Before transferring to Munich he played with the number 6 for the Greek club GS Olympia Larissa BC of the A1 Ethniki, which is the highest Greek basketball division. Before that he played two years for Brose Baskets from Bamberg and one year at Alba Berlin. During his time at Bayer Giants Leverkusen (2002-2005), he arised to one of the best German thrower. From 1997 to 2002 Greene played with DJK Würzburg where he was a teammate of Dirk Nowitzki.
German national team.
Greene is also a member of the Germany national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="18613927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613927" title="History of education in Chad">
History of education in Chad

The establishment of Protestant mission schools in southern Chad in the 1920s, followed by Roman Catholic and colonial state establishments in later decades, marked the beginning of Western education in Chad. From the outset, the colonial administration required that all instruction be in French, with the exception of religion classes, which could be taught in local languages. As early as 1925, the state imposed a standard curriculum on all institutions wishing official recognition and government subsidies. The state extended its influence to education, even though the majority of Chadian students attended private mission schools before World War II.
Education in Chad has focused on primary instruction. Until 1942, students who desired a secular secondary education had to go to schools in Brazzaville, the capital of the AEF. This restriction limited the number of secondary-school students. Between World War I and World War II, only a dozen Chadians studied in Brazzaville. Once in Brazzaville, students received technical instruction rather than a liberal arts education, entering three-year programmes designed to produce medical aides, clerks, or low-level technicians. State secondary schools were opened in Chad in 1942, but recognized certificate programs did not begin until the mid-1950s.
At independence in 1960, the government established a goal of universal primary education, and school attendance was made compulsory until age twelve. Nevertheless, the development of standard curricula was hampered by the limited number of schools, the existence of two- and three-year establishments alongside the standard five and seven-year colleges and lycées, and the Muslim preference for Quranic education. Even so, by the mid-1960s 17 percent of students between the ages of six and eight were in school. This number represented a substantial increase over the 8 percent attending school in the mid-1950s and the 1.4 percent immediately after World War II. Although the academic year in Chad parallels the French schedule, running from October to June, it is not particularly appropriate for a country where the hottest part of the April and May.
Quranic schools throughout the Saharan and Sahelian zones teach students to read Arabic and recite Quranic verse. Although traditional Islamic education at the secondary level has existed since the nineteenth century, students seeking advanced learning generally have studied in northern Cameroon, Nigeria, Sudan, or the Middle East. In Chad, modern Islamic secondary schools have included the Ecole Mohamed Illech, founded in 1918 and modelled after Egyptian educational institutions. Other schools included the Lycée Franco-Arabe, founded by the colonial administration in Abéché in 1952. The lycée offered a blend of Arabic, Quranic, and secular French education. Numerous observers believed that although the creation of a French-Islamic program of study was commendable, the administration's major objective was to counter foreign Islamic influence rather than to offer a viable alternative curriculum.
Despite the government's efforts, overall educational levels remained low at the end of the first decade of independence. In 1971 about 88 percent of men and 99 percent of women older than age fifteen could not read, write, or speak French, at the time the only official national language; literacy in Arabic stood at 7.8 percent. In 1982 the overall literacy rate stood at about 15 percent.
Major problems have hindered the development of Chadian education since independence. Financing has been very limited. Public expenditures for education amounted to only 14 percent of the national budget in 1963. Expenditures increased over the next several years but declined at the end of the decade. In 1969 funding for education dropped to 11 percent of the budget; the next year it declined still further to 9 percent. In the late 1980s, the government allotted only about 7 percent of its budget to education, a figure lower than that for all but a few African countries.
Limited facilities and personnel also have made it difficult for the education system to provide adequate instruction. Overcrowding is a major problem; some classes have up 100 students, many of whom are repeaters. In the years just after independence, many primary-school teachers had only marginal qualifications. On the secondary level, the situation was even worse; at the end of the 1960s, for example, the Lycée Ahmad Mangué in Sarh (formerly Fort-Archambault) had only a handful of Chadians among its several dozen faculty members. During these years, Chad lacked sufficient facilities for technical and vocational education to train needed intermediate-level technicians, and there was no university.
In the 1970s and 1980s, Chad made considerable progress in dealing with problems of facilities and personnel. To improve instruction, review sessions and refresher programs have been instituted for primary-school teachers. On the secondary level, increasing numbers of Chadians have taken their places in the ranks of the faculty. Furthermore, during the 1971-72 school year, the Université du Tchad opened its doors.
Another problem at independence was that the French curricula of Chadian schools limited their effectiveness. Primary instruction was in French, although most students did not speak that language when they entered school, and teaching methods and materials were often poorly suited to the rural settings of most schools. In addition, the academic program inherited from the French did not prepare students for employment options in Chad. Beginning in the late 1960s, the government attempted to address these problems. A number of model schools discarded the French-style of a formal, classical education in favor of a new approach that taught children to reinterpret and modify their social and economic environment. Rather than teaching French as it was taught in French schools to French children, the model schools taught it more appropriately as a foreign language. These new schools also introduced basic skills courses in the fourth year of primary school. Students who would probably not go on to secondary school were given the chance to attend agricultural training centers.
Unfortunately, all of the preceding problems were complicated by a fourth difficulty: the Chadian Civil War. Little has been written specifically about how this conflict has disrupted education, but several effects can reasonably be surmised. Lack of security in vast parts of the country undoubtedly has made it difficult to send teachers to their posts and to maintain them there, which has been particularly problematic because as government employees, teachers often have been identified with government policies. In addition, the mobility occasioned by the war has played havoc with attempts to get children to attend classes regularly. The diversion of resources to the conflict has also prevented the government from maintaining the expenditure levels found at independence, much less augmenting available funds. Finally, the violence has taken its toll among teachers, students, and facilities. One of the more dramatic instances of this was the destruction and looting of primary schools, lycées, and even the national archives attached to the Université du Tchad during the battles of N'Djamena in 1979 and 1980.
To its credit, the government has made major efforts to overcome these problems. In 1983 the Ministry of Planning and Reconstruction reported that the opening of the 1982-83 school year was the most successful since the upheavals of 1979. In 1984 the Université du Tchad, the Ecole Nationale d'Administration, and the Ecole Nationale des Travaux Publics reopened their doors as well.
Ministry of Education.
In the late 1980s, the Ministry of Education had administrative responsibility for all formal schooling. Because of years of civil strife, however, local communities had assumed many of the ministry's functions, including the construction and maintenance of schools, and payment of teachers' salaries.

</doc>
<doc id="18613934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613934" title="Fred Atkinson">
Fred Atkinson

Fred Atkinson was an American Director of Education in the Philippines from 1900 up to 1902. During his time, he gave emphasis in providing Filipinos with vocational training.

</doc>
<doc id="18613941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613941" title="Oleksandr Chyzhov">
Oleksandr Chyzhov

Oleksandr Chyzhov (; born 10 August 1986 in Poltava, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian football defender for FC Illichivets Mariupol in the Ukrainian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="18613976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613976" title="Iwan Gilkin">
Iwan Gilkin

Iwan Gilkin (7 January 1858 - 28 September 1924) was a Belgian poet. Born in Brussels, Gilkin was associated with the Symbolist school in Belgium. His works include "Les ténèbres" (1892, featuring a frontispiece by Odilon Redon) and "Le Sphinx" (1907). Linked with the development of the literary revue the "Parnasse de la Jeune Belgique", he was an early appreciator of the Comte de Lautréamont's infamous work, "Les Chants de Maldoror", and sent several copies of the book to his friends, including fellow poet Léon Bloy. His mature works, which often concerned difficult religious and philosophical themes, reflect a highly pessimistic, spiritual and anti-positivistic outlook, influenced by Charles Baudelaire and Arthur Schopenhauer. A French-language study of Gilkin by Henri Liebrecht was published in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="18613979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18613979" title="Konrad Wysocki">
Konrad Wysocki

Konrad Wysocki (born 28 March 1982) is a German/Polish professional basketball small forward. He is 2.04 m (6 ft 8 ¼ in) tall and he weighs 104 kg (230 pounds). He plays with the pro club the EWE Baskets Oldenburg of the German Basketball Bundesliga. 
German national team.
Wysocki has also been a member of the German national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="18614001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614001" title="Chulym River (Malye Chany Lake)">
Chulym River (Malye Chany Lake)

Chulym () is a river in the endorheic drainage basin of Lake Chany in the southeastern part of the West Siberian Plain in Russia. The river is 392 km in length, with a drainage basin of 17 900 km². 
The Chulym is formed by several tributaries in the "Toyskoye Zaymishche" (Russian: Тойское Займище) and "Troshinskoye Zaymishche" (Russian: Трошинское Займище) swamps north of Baraba Steppe, some 100 km northwest of Novosibirsk, at an elevation of 150 meters. The river flows over the Baraba Steppe in a southwesterly direction, and flows through the lakes of Sargul (Russian: Саргуль, 34,6 km²) and Uryum (Russian: Урюм, 84,1 km²), before it finally terminates, at 106 meters elevation, in Malyye Chany Lake (Russian: Малые Чаны – "Little Chany"), which is connected to Lake Chany through a short strait.
In its lower reaches the river is some 30 m wide and 5 m deep. Its main tributaries are the Suma River (left), and the Kargat River (right).
In its upper course is the town of Chulym, named after the river. Here the river is crossed by the Trans-Siberian Railway and the M51 highway.
The Chulym is frozen over from November to April/May.

</doc>
<doc id="18614002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614002" title="2003 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
2003 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 2003 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 2003年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 2003 for the 2002 music season. 
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 2003 are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18614006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614006" title="Rafael de Izquierdo y Gutiérrez">
Rafael de Izquierdo y Gutiérrez

Rafael de Izquierdo y Gutiérrez (1820–1882) was a Spanish Military Officer, Political Leader and Statesman who became Governor-General of the Philippines from April 4, 1871 to January 8, 1873. He was famous for his use of "Iron Fist" type of government, contradicting the liberal government of his predecessor, Cárlos María de la Torre y Nava Cerrada. He was the Governor-General during the 1872 Cavite mutiny which led to execution of 41 of the mutineers, including the Gomburza martyrs. Prior to being Governor-General of the Philippines, Izquierdo also acted as Governor-General of Puerto Rico from March 1862 to April 1862.
Early life.
Entering as a cadet in the regiment of infantry of Gerona, Rafael de Izquierdo reached the military rank of captain by the age of 17 when he participated in the First Carlist War in Navarre. At the start of the Second Carlist War which took place in Africa, Izquierdo was already a lieutenant colonel and at the end of the war brigadier general. He was then assigned to Lugo, Spain as military governor in 1861. The following year he was assigned as lieutenant-general to Puerto Rico before becoming an interim Governor-General when Rafael Echagüe y Bermingham vacated the position. Izquierdo then went back to Spain until in 1868 when he supported the revolution in Andalusia and was tasked as deputy for Malaga and Alicante in 1869 until 1871.
Philippine Governorship.
Replacing General Carlos Maria de la Torre on April 4, 1871, Rafael de Izquierdo was instilled as Governor-General of the Philippines. He is responsible for opening of steamship and telegraph lines in the country. He is was also known to have promptly rescinds the liberal measures thus implementing harsher laws which ignited an uprising. The reformations suggested that soldiers of the Engineering and Artillery Corps should pay taxes which they were previously exempted. Another drastic change was the requirement to perform manual labor. These changes eventually lead to the 1872 Cavite mutiny where around 200 Filipinos who were part of the Engineering and Artillery Corps revolted and killed their Spanish officers, in retaliation a lot of liberals were implicated to have been involved in conspiracy. The most famous of which was the military court condemning the martyr priests Fathers José Burgos, Mariano Gómez and Jacinto Zamora (Gomburza) to capital punishment by means of garrote on January 27, 1872. This uprising later lead to the delays of the rebuilding of Malacañan Palace and in turn almost transferred it within the walls of Intramuros for safety reasons. The plan to transfer to Intramuros was cut though when Izquierdo fell ill and eventually vacate his position on January 8, 1873. He later spent the last few years of his life in Madrid, Spain and eventually died in 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="18614022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614022" title="2004 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
2004 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 2004 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 2004年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 2004 for the 2003 music season. 
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 2003 are as follows. This year only 9 songs were awarded.

</doc>
<doc id="18614038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614038" title="SM City Batangas">
SM City Batangas

SM City Batangas is a shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings. It is the first SM Supermall in the Batangas Province. It is located at Brgy. Pallocan Kanluran, Batangas City with a land area of 8.5 hectares and a total floor area of .
Location.
The mall itself is located inside a rural village. It sits on a 8.5 hectare land opposite to the adjacent Batangas River. From the national highway, several street signs had been installed for mall-goers to be able to locate the mall. Across the mall, shoppers can enjoy the view of untouched rural landscape of the city. Also facing the main facade of the building is a clear view of Mapolo Hill, located in the municipality of Taysan. Located beside the mall is the Parish of the Most Holy Trinity more popularly known as the Shrine of the Archdiocesan Glorious Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="18614040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614040" title="Biffy Clyro discography">
Biffy Clyro discography

The discography of Biffy Clyro, a Scottish rock band, consists of six studio albums, one compilation, twenty-eight singles, one extended play and two DVDs. 
After the release of the single "Iname" and EP "thekidswhopoptodaywillrocktomorrow", Biffy Clyro released their debut album "Blackened Sky" in 2002, which included the singles "27", "Justboy", "57" and "Joy.Discovery.Invention", which were released during 2001 and 2002. In 2003, they released their second studio album "The Vertigo of Bliss", which peaked at #48 in the UK albums chart and it produced their first UK top 40 single "Questions and Answers", which peaked at #26. In 2005, Biffy Clyro's third album "Infinity Land" debuted at #47 on the UK albums chart. It spawned three top 40 singles in the UK; with those being "Glitter and Trauma", My Recovery Injection" and "Only One Word Comes To Mind". It would not be until 2007 however, when their fourth studio album "Puzzle" broke the band into the mainstream. It peaked at #2 on the UK albums chart, was certified gold and gave the band three top 20 singles, with "Saturday Superhouse" being the most successful of these by peaking at #13.
As of November 2009, Biffy have released their fifth studio album "Only Revolutions". So far the album has given the band their first three top 10 singles, with "Mountains" being the most successful peaking at #5; the album charted at #3.
In January 2013, "Opposites" became the bands first UK number one album after debuting at number one in its first week. That same year, the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) retroactively updated their certifications database, using sales data from 1994 onwards, to automatically update unapplied certifications, as in the past the record label had to apply and keep data on sales. This update enabled their first three studio albums to be certified silver, "Only Revolutions" double platinum and their singles "Mountains" alongside "Many of Horror" both silver for 200,000 sales each.

</doc>
<doc id="18614101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614101" title="Passion Yara">
Passion Yara

Passion Yara graduated from Kokushikan University's physical education department with the intention of becoming an educator. He is well-built, at 86 kg and 180 cm, and is capable of bench-pressing 160 kg. He enjoys bowling, darts, muscle training, touring, MTV, and canoeing. 
Yara is associated with the Maseki Geinosha entertainment agency. He has appeared on a variety of Japanese comedy-related TV shows and competitions in Japan, typically wearing a tight-fitting white gym outfit with an embroidered letter "P" on the collared shirt. His routine generally includes fits of maniacal, single-fisted chest-beating, for which he has gained some measure of notoriety. His act has been parodied by another Japanese comedian using the stage name, "Dark Yara".
Passion Yara performed his chest-beating act and other dance moves on the J-ska band Yum!Yum!ORANGE's music video for the song "Clover".
Yara has also performed as a competitor on "Sasuke" (known in the United States as "Ninja Warrior"), having entered at least two competitions, the 16th and 21st. In the 16th competition, he entertained spectators with his chest-beating before succumbing to the Rolling Log obstacle early in Stage 1. "Ninja Warrior" later declared him to be the 5th craziest competitor in the history of the event, referring to him in an aired segment as "Screaming Wacko". In the 21st competition, he surpassed his previous performance by reaching the Jumping Spider in Stage 1, where he subsequently fell and was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18614121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614121" title="SM City Cagayan de Oro">
SM City Cagayan de Oro

SM City Cagayan de Oro is a large shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings, the largest mall operator in the Philippines. It is the first SM Supermall in Northern Mindanao area. The mall is located at Fr. Masterson Avenue Cor. Gran Via St., Pueblo de Oro Township, Uptown Carmen, Cagayan de Oro City, Misamis Oriental. It opened on November 2002 with a total gross floor area of 87,000+ sqm. on a 5.2 hectares land.
Physical details.
The mall opened in November 15, 2002 with a 56,010.55 sqm. area offering more shopping and dining options. It also has a 30,000+ sqm. car park building. 
The mall consists of a rectangle-shaped building and an outdoor and indoor parking. The mall features anchors like SM Department Store, SM Supermarket and SM Cinemas. The mall has undergone a major renovation which was finished by first quarter of 2012.
Future plans.
SM Prime Holdings President Hans Sy had disclosed that the old Coca-Cola Plant along C.M.Recto Avenue cor. Pres. Osmeña Sts. will be converted into another SM mall within the city area. It will be the second SM Supermall in the city. The mall will be called SM CDO2 Premier.

</doc>
<doc id="18614161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614161" title="Kargat River">
Kargat River

The Kargat () is a river in Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia. It is a right tributary of the Chulym River. The Kargat is in length, with a drainage basin of 
The river begins in the southern sections of the Vasyugan Swamp, at 143 meters AMSL, and flows in a southwesterly direction over the Baraba Steppe, before flowing into the Chulym River at 110 meters AMSL. A significant part of its waters either evaporates or is infiltrated in the ground, and the average discharge (at the village of Nizhny Kargat, 36 km from its mouth) is just 8.54 m³/s. In its lower reaches the river is some 30 m wide and 2 m deep, with a flow rate of 0.1 m/s. The Kargat has no major tributaries.
In its middle course is the town of Kargat, named after the river. Here the river is crossed by the Trans-Siberian Railway and the M51 highway.
The Kargat is frozen over from November to April/May.

</doc>
<doc id="18614183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614183" title="Gemma Hayes discography">
Gemma Hayes discography

This is the discography of the Irish alternative rock singer-songwriter, Gemma Hayes.
Since first becoming musically active in 2001, Hayes has released four studio albums.

</doc>
<doc id="18614294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614294" title="Laura Cha">
Laura Cha

Laura Cha Shih May-lung(5 December 1949), GBS, JP, is a Hong Kong businesswoman and politician. She is a non-official member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong, Chairperson of Preparatory Task Force on the Financial Services Development Council, and Non-Executive Deputy Chairman of The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation. 
Life in the United States.
Cha earned a bachelor of arts degree from the University of Wisconsin–Madison and a juris doctor degree from the Santa Clara University School of Law. She was a member of the Committee of 100, a Chinese American political and cultural organization. She practiced law in the 1980s in San Francisco with Pillsbury Madison and Sutro.
Return to Hong Kong.
After her return to Hong Kong, Cha continued practicing law with Coudert Brothers. She worked at Hong Kong's Securities and Futures Commission from 1991 to early 2001, becoming its Deputy Chairman in 1998. She served as Hong Kong's delegate to the 11th National People's Congress, Vice Chairman of the International Advisory Council of the CSRC, Chairman of the University Grants Committee in Hong Kong, and a member of the Advisory Board of the Millstein Center of Corporate Governance and Performance at Yale University.
Cha was Vice Chairman of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) from 2001 to 2004. She was appointed to the post by the State Council of the People's Republic of China and became the first person outside mainland China to join the Central People's Government of the People's Republic of China at the vice-ministerial rank. She renounced U.S. citizenship to take up the position.
She was appointed Director of HSBC Holdings plc effective 1 March 2011.
in 2012, Cha was awarded by the Hong Kong Securities and Investment Institute as Honorary Fellow.

</doc>
<doc id="18614296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614296" title="How to Be a Serial Killer">
How to Be a Serial Killer

How to Be a Serial Killer is a 2008 black comedy film about a young serial killer who imparts his knowledge to an eager pupil. The film was written and directed by Luke Ricci, and stars Dameon Clarke, Matthew Gray Gubler, Laura Regan and George Wyner. The film is based upon the 1990 Belgian mockumentary "Man Bites Dog".
Plot.
"How to Be a Serial Killer" is the story of Mike Wilson (Dameon Clarke), a charismatic, educated, and articulate young man who has found his life's purpose in exterminating people. Mike is determined to spread his message about the joy of serial murder and recruits a lost soul named Bart (Matthew Gray Gubler) to be his pupil. Mike leads Bart through the "ethics" of murder as well as teaching him various lessons in disposing of corpses, balancing work and play, methods of killing, and many more. Mike and Bart's curriculum is interrupted when Mike's girlfriend Abigail (Laura Regan) discovers what's beneath her boyfriend's charming exterior and Mike and Bart must kill their way out of being discovered by the cops.
DVD.
Order date: September 15, 2009<br>
Street date: October 13, 2009

</doc>
<doc id="18614300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614300" title="David Dalmo">
David Dalmo

David Dalmo, born 1972, is a Swedish dancer, world champion in Lindy Hop (1995), former member of The Rhythm Hot Shots and member of the Bounce Streetdance Company. David D has choreographed this on So You Think You Can Dance - Scandinavia:

</doc>
<doc id="18614324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614324" title="Unseen (website)">
Unseen (website)

Unseen is an online marketplace for erotic art. It does not produce nor commission any of the artworks featured on its site. Rather, it provides an eCommerce infrastructure enabling the hosting and sale of the erotica artworks authored by individual artists, which Unseen calls “grassroots erotica.”
The content ranges widely, spanning all major artistic media, varying in subject matter from naïve snapshots to political cartoons and contemporary shunga, and ranging in quality from amateur cyberporn to works of considerable artistic competency.
Concept.
Unseen’s principal idea is to deliver a self-regulating Web-based marketplace for all types of erotic art produced by individual artists. Unseen aims to capture a portion of the Internet-based Adult market by leveraging a completely new content production and delivery model. On the supply side, Unseen counts on the untold millions of individual authors ranging from established artists to amateurs, to home video enthusiasts. On the demand side, Unseen’s audience is equally diverse and includes a casual cyberporn aficionado and a serious art collector alike.
Another point of departure from typical Adult Web sites is Unseen’s stated policy of inclusiveness with respect to sexual orientation and subject matter. While most Adult sites on the Internet occupy a very narrow niche, Unseen offers a home to all types of visual expressions of human sexuality.
History.
The Unseen site was launched on March 1, 2008 by Liquid Amber, a Berkeley, California based Internet development firm. By September 1 the site grew (through the word-of-mouth and occasional Craigslist ads) to 400 registered users and 14,000 daily image views.
Website features.
The Unseen web site implements a range of features designed to support a rich user experience for both content authors and content consumers. The home page features two sets of gallery thumbnails: “the most viewed” and “recommended.” The most viewed galleries are presented in the order of popularity as recorded and calculated automatically by the Unseen application. Recommended are the newly uploaded galleries designated by the Unseen editorial staff as meeting a certain standard of quality and artistic competence. In the future, Unseen plans to deploy sophisticated social networking capabilities which will (among other things) automate the editorial recommendations.
Unseen features completely open metadata. In other words, any registered user can adjust any metadata pertaining to any other user’s work (not just his own), such as “hardness rating” or the sexual orientation of the content. This is a radical departure from the generally-accepted way the modern Web 2.0 sites, such as Flickr, treat user metadata by allowing only the owner of the content (or, in some cases a group of people designated by the owner) edit the metadata. Unseen’s stated reason for this departure is to broaden the base of metadata authorship.
Server-side algorithms weigh each metadata adjustment based on a variety of factors (owner vs. non-owner, the number of adjustments to date) in order to guarantee fairness and convergence.
In keeping with Unseen’s open metadata model, it features open and adaptive tagging. Not only can any registered user add tags to any content, but each tag has a weight with respect to each gallery. Over time, each gallery acquires a set of tags that reflect not only its author's but the entire Unseen community’s perception of the content. Each time a user performs a search on a particular set of tags and interacts with the search results, the server-side algorithms readjust the weights of the tags with respect to the galleries on the hit list.
Monetization.
Unseen offers two way for the artists to monetize their work:

</doc>
<doc id="18614325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614325" title="Jennie Widegren">
Jennie Widegren

Jennie Widegren, born June 7, 1973, is one of the members from Bounce Streetdance Company. Jennie has choreographed for So You Think You Can Dance - Scandinavia:
Jenni Widegren has choreographed the opening segment of the second semifinal of the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 on May 14.

</doc>
<doc id="18614379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614379" title="Karasuk River">
Karasuk River

Karasuk () is a river in Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia. It is 531 km in length, with a drainage basin of 11 300 km².
The Karasuk begins some 100 km southwest of Novosibirsk, at 190 meters AMSL. It flows in a southwesterly direction through a wide valley in the southern part of the Baraba Steppe, and terminates in an endorheic basin of small lakes and swamps at 105 meters AMSL, at the border with Kazakhstan. At high waterlevels some water will flow over Chuman (Russian: Чуман) to the Burla River (Russian: Бурла), which branches from the main river towards the south, east of the town of Karasuk. Yet more water will branches off towards the north, via the Baganyonok River branch (Russian: Баганёнок), to the Bagan River. The Karasuk has no major tributaries.
At the river's lower reaches lies the town and railway hub of Karasuk, named after the river. 
The source region of the Karasuk River was 26 March 2007 declared a special protected area.

</doc>
<doc id="18614384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614384" title="Greim (Wölzer Tauern)">
Greim (Wölzer Tauern)

Greim, at , is a mountain in the Wölzer Tauern, part of the Niedere Tauern, in Styria, Austria.
After the Rettelkirchspitze, it is the second highest elevation of the Wölzer Tauern.
The ascent is relatively easy, especially from the south side. Starting at the Greimhütte , the top can be reached in 2 hours on a marked trail.
The Greimhütte can be reached by car from Sankt Peter am Kammersberg.

</doc>
<doc id="18614399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614399" title="Burla River">
Burla River

Burla River may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18614405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614405" title="Tchamba (prefecture)">
Tchamba (prefecture)

Tchamba Prefecture is one of the prefectures of Togo located in the Centrale Region.
The center is at Tchamba.

</doc>
<doc id="18614479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614479" title="SymbolicWeb">
SymbolicWeb

SymbolicWeb is a GUI, widget or server-centric framework for developing web applications. It is written in Clojure. SymbolicWeb is free software licensed under the AGPLv3.
It uses portable browser technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX and Comet, and wraps these in widgets. These widgets are instantiated and stored on the server end, then presented and updated in real-time on the client end as their state changes. Paradigms like Model-View-Controller (MVC) and dataflow programming are used. While being widget based, SymbolicWeb does not hide or restrict access to low-level details such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
SymbolicWeb allows for two way real-time communication between server and client. Updates or changes can propagate from the server to the client at any time (Comet), while AJAX is used to send messages or events the other way around.
It does not use or depend on browser plug-ins such as Flash or Java Applets for rendering or transportation of data and messages. Netty is used to deal with HTTP on the server end, while jQuery is used on the client end to deal with AJAX, Comet and general browser differences.
SymbolicWeb was awarded a stipend by the Google Summer of Code program in 2008 via the LispNYC organization.

</doc>
<doc id="18614491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614491" title="Rock, Rock, Rock">
Rock, Rock, Rock

Rock, Rock, Rock can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18614502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614502" title="Rhodochorton">
Rhodochorton

Rhodochorton is a genus of filamentous red alga adapted to low light levels. It may form tufts or a thin purple "turf" up to 5 millimetres high. The filaments branch infrequently, usually at the tips.
Morphology.
In most species of "Rhodochorton", the spore does not persist in the mature plant; instead, a basal web of filaments acts as a holdfast. Indeed, all "Rhodochorton" species have distinct basal threads, usually forming a disc, and upright threads, which are typically thinner. Lateral branches usually occur at or near the top of the patent cell, and branching is concentrated towards the tips of threads.
Ecology.
The organism may encrust bare rock surfaces, or be epiphytic upon frondose algae - particularly "Laminaria hyperborea". It typically grows in the shadow of these larger algae, in the intertidal zone, and its adaption to low light levels means it is also common in caves.
It reproduces in winter using tetrasporangia and don't bear any monosporangia. "Rhodochorton" is typically marine, but "R. investiens" dwells in fresh water. Sexual reproduction has never been observed.
It suffers grazing pressure from gastropods and amphipods, but amazingly fragments of the algae are able to pass through the grazers' digestive tracts alive - grazing may actually form a mode of dispersal for the organism.
Life history.
Rhodochorton investiens displays a relatively simple life cycle for a red alga.
In the Carposporophyte: a spermatium merges with a trichogyne (a long hair on the female sexual organ), which then divides to form carposporangia - which produce carpospores.
Carpospores germinate into gametophytes, which produce sporophytes. Both of these are very similar; they produce monospores from monosporangia "just below a cross wall in a filament"
and their spores are "liberated through apex of sporangial cell."
The spores of a sporophyte produce either tetrasporophytes. Monospores produced by this phase germinate immediately, with no resting phase, to form an identical copy of parent. Tetrasporophytes may also produce a carpospore, which germinates to form another tetrasporophyte.
The gametophyte may replicate using monospores, but produces sperm in spermatangia, and "eggs"(?) in carpogonium.
See also.
The following species closely resemble "Rhodochorton": "Rhodothamniella "

</doc>
<doc id="18614524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614524" title="Li zite 'ngalera">
Li zite 'ngalera

"Li zite 'ngalera" ("The Newlyweds on the Galley") is a commedia per musica in three acts by the Italian composer Leonardo Vinci. The libretto, by Bernardo Saddumene, is written in Neapolitan dialect. The opera was first performed at the Teatro dei Fiorentini, Naples on 3 January 1722.
Synopsis.
The young man Carlo abandons his old love Belluccia in favour of a new one, Ciomma. Disguised as a man, Belluccia pursues Carlo. She manages to make several local ladies, including Ciomma herself, fall in love with her. When Belluccia's father, the galley captain Federico, arrives, he threatens Carlo with death, but Belluccia takes pity on him and the couple are reconciled and married. At the end of the opera we see the newlyweds sail back to their old hometown on Federico's galley (hence the title).
Recording.
"Li zite 'ngalera" Soloists, Cappella della Pietà de' Turchini, conducted by Antonio Florio (Opus 111, 1999) cuts to 2CD

</doc>
<doc id="18614537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614537" title="Wilhelm Dörr">
Wilhelm Dörr

Wilhelm "Willy" Dörr (December 7, 1881 – April 4, 1955) was a German track and field athlete and tug of war competitor who competed in the 1906 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Frankfurt am Main.
In 1906 he was part of the German team which won the gold medal in the tug of war competition.
In the ancient pentathlon contest he finished 16th and he also participated in the discus throw event but his result is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18614544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614544" title="155th meridian west">
155th meridian west

The meridian 155° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 155th meridian west forms a great circle with the 25th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 151st meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18614570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614570" title="Data binning">
Data binning

Data binning is a data pre-processing technique used to reduce the effects of minor observation errors. The original data values which fall in a given small interval, a bin, are replaced by a value representative of that interval, often the central value. It is a form of quantization.
Introduction.
In the context of image processing, binning is the procedure of combining a cluster of pixels into a single pixel. As such, in 2x2 binning, an array of 4 pixels becomes a single larger pixel, reducing the overall number of pixels.
This aggregation, reducing the number of data (with a loss of information), facilitates the analysis. For instance, binning the data may also reduce the impact of read noise on the processed image (at the cost of a lower resolution).
Example.
For example, data binning may be used when small instrumental shifts in the spectral dimension from MS or NMR experiments will be falsely interpreted as representing different components, when a collection of data profiles is subjected to pattern recognition analysis. A straightforward way to cope with this problem is by using binning techniques in which the spectrum is reduced in resolution to a sufficient degree to ensure that a given peak remains in its bin despite small spectral shifts between analyses. For example, in NMR the chemical shift axis may be discretized and coarsely binned, and in MS the spectral accuracies may be rounded to integer atomic mass unit values.
Also, several digital camera systems incorporate an automatic pixel binning function to improve image contrast.

</doc>
<doc id="18614602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614602" title="Economic substance">
Economic substance

Economic substance is a doctrine in the tax law of the United States under which a transaction must have an economic purpose aside from reduction of tax liability in order to be considered valid. This doctrine is used to determine whether tax shelters, or strategies used to reduce tax liability, are considered "abusive" by the Internal Revenue Service.
It was adopted into law as part of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.

</doc>
<doc id="18614608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614608" title="List of cities in Los Angeles County, California">
List of cities in Los Angeles County, California

There are 88 cities in Los Angeles County, California. Each city has a mayor and a city council. 

</doc>
<doc id="18614626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614626" title="Jean-Marie Bonnassieux">
Jean-Marie Bonnassieux

Jean-Marie Bienaimé Bonnassieux (; 1810, Panissières, Loire – 1892) was a French sculptor.
The son of a cabinet maker from Lyon, Bonnassieux showed talent as a boy and was educated at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts, Paris, under Augustin-Alexandre Dumont. In 1836 he was the co-winner (with Auguste Ottin) of the "Prix de Rome", then completed his education in Rome under the direction of Ingres.
Bonnassieux subsequently taught at the Ecole, and among his students in the 1880s was the young American Lorado Taft, and the British-American sculptor Henry Hudson Kitson. Bonnassieux is set in the context of rigid French academic training in the 19th century in a study of the careers of seventeen winners of the "Prix de Rome" by A. Le Normand, "La Tradition Classique et l'Esprit Romantique: Les sculpteurs de l'académie de France à Rome de 1824 à 1840" (Rome, 1991). 
Bonnassieux is buried at Montparnasse Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18614676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614676" title="Aaron McCargo, Jr.">
Aaron McCargo, Jr.

Aaron McCargo, Jr. (born 1971) is an American chef from Camden, New Jersey. He is best known as the winner of the fourth season of the Food Network's reality television show, "The Next Food Network Star".
He has a preference for meats and bold, spicy flavors, and avoids overly complex recipes. He calls the food he cooks "soul food," but with multiple cultural influences. "Big Daddy's House" features members of his family as guests, and each recipe was advertised to utilize five or fewer ingredients (although they usually include more than five).
Early life and education.
McCargo grew up in Camden, New Jersey, and is one of six children. He became interested in cooking at age four, when he began baking cakes in his sister's Easy-Bake Oven. He began cooking in his family's kitchen at age seven. He was encouraged by his father, Aaron McCargo, Sr., who is a fine cook, and his mother, Julia, who has a preference for food with a great deal of flavor. He first studied cooking in a home economics class at Pyne Point Middle School in Camden, and began cooking as a Junior Volunteer in the kitchen of Cooper University Hospital in Camden at age 13. He took further cooking classes at Camden High School, graduating in 1989. He attended the Academy of Culinary Arts at Atlantic Cape Community College in Mays Landing, New Jersey but did not complete the program, leaving after one year to assist his mother with his brothers.
Professional life.
Following his graduation from high school, McCargo took a month-long cake cooking class at Wilton Cake in Audubon, New Jersey and began selling cakes and cookies throughout Camden. He has worked in nine restaurants in New Jersey (some while doing on-the-job training during his year at the Academy of Culinary Arts at Atlantic Cape Community College), including T.G.I. Friday's, Steak 38, Holmes Lounge, the Marlton Tavern, and the former Harbour League Club in Camden, and the Armadillo Steakhouse & Saloon in Edgewater Park Township, New Jersey as sous chef; he also worked at the Armadillo Steakhouse & Saloon in Barrington, New Jersey. Aaron was introduced to the Burlington County, New Jersey area when he opened Citrus in Westampton, New Jersey with Ian Russo.
He opened his own restaurant, McCargo's Creative Cuisine, in 2003. The restaurant was located across from the U.S. Federal Courthouse on Cooper Street, in Camden near Rutgers University in Camden, and closed in 2005. He has worked as an executive chef, including at the catering division of Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he oversaw approximately forty jobs per day. He left his job there on June 6, 2008 due to his demanding television schedule.
In 2008, McCargo entered the fourth season of Food Network's "The Next Food Network Star" at the urging of his wife. He beat out 3,990 other entrants as the winner of that year's competition, the finale of which aired on July 27, 2008. He was awarded a six-episode commitment for his own cooking show on Food Network. His show, "Big Daddy's House", premiered on August 3, 2008 and ranked as the number one “in the kitchen” weekend show during its initial six-episode run. Food Network renewed the show for a second and third season. Since then, he has made many public appearances, and is particularly interested in teaching young people to cook and encouraging them to follow their dreams. McCargo's own dreams are to open his own restaurant on the Camden Waterfront and to introduce a line of soups.
McCargo makes frequent guest appearances of Spike TV's Bar Rescue
Personal.
McCargo lives in Cherry Hill, New Jersey. He has a Roman Catholic background. His wife is named Kimberly and they have three children (sons Joshua and Justin, and daughter Jordan). He has a strong Christian faith and is a member of The Living Hope Christian Center in Pennsauken Township, New Jersey. He enjoys playing tennis and watching boxing, as well as playing the drums and listening to music.

</doc>
<doc id="18614698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614698" title="Ashaari Shamsuddin">
Ashaari Shamsuddin

Mohammad Ashaari Samsudin (born on June 7, 1985) is a Malaysian footballer who is currently a midfielder for Terengganu. He is a member of the Malaysian national team. He has a great dribbling skill with a good vision and pace in the game making him one of the fan's favourite in the team. He can also operate in a more advanced role behind the strikers but often used as the left-winger in his club and also in the national team.
Career.
The player from Bukit Payong, Marang, Terengganu starts his career in Terengganu FA youth team. He was promoted to Terengganu's senior team during the 2007-08 Super League Malaysia. He showed impressive playing style as he netted 9 goals in his debut season.
He is consistently scoring for Terengganu FA. He was second top scorer in the 2009 season with 17 goals, one goal behind the winner Mohd Nizaruddin Yusof. He goes one better in the 2010 Super League Malaysia season, winning the Golden Boot while scoring 18 goals. In the 2011 league season, he scored 10 goals.
Among his achievements with Terengganu is winning the 2011 Malaysia FA Cup, defeating Kelantan FA in the final on June 11, 2011. He also was the top scorer in the Sukma Games 2008 football tournament held at Terengganu, where he helped the Terengganu youth team win the gold medal.In 2012 Malaysia League Cup Final, he score an opening goal for his team which ending a lose to Negeri Sembilan for 2–1
National team.
His performance in the national league in 2008 attracted the national coach at that time, B. Sathianathan, to take him into Malaysia national squad.
Asha'ri made his international senior debut for Malaysia against India on July 22, 2008. Ashaari scored his first international goals in Malaysia 6–0 trashing of Afghanistan in the 2008 Merdeka Tournament, where Ashaari scored twice.
In November 2010, Asha'ri was called up to the Malaysia national squad by coach K. Rajagopal for the 2010 AFF Suzuki Cup. Ashaari scored 1 goal for Malaysia against Indonesia in the first leg of the final to secure a 3–0 win, and helping Malaysia en route to win the AFF Suzuki Cup for the first time in their history.

</doc>
<doc id="18614700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614700" title="Nadeem Ahmad">
Nadeem Ahmad

Lieutenant-General Nadeem Ahmad, (Urdu: نديم احمد; HI(M), SE, TBt), is a now-retired senior three-star rank general officer who is famed and widely honored for planning and coordinating the relief and reconstruction non-combatant military operations after the devastating earthquake of October 2005. Securing the appointment as the director of Federal Relief Commission of Pakistan Army, his credentials secured him the directorship of the Earthquake Reconstruction and Rehabilitation Authority (ERRA). After serving in the military for nearly 40 years, he was duly appointed as the chairman of the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA); his efforts included the successful diasaster manament and preparations to contained the nationwide 2010 floods and coordinated the rescue operations in the Hunza Valley, Attabad Lake, and the Airblue crash.
His other military staff appointments included the directorship of the Anti-Narcotics Force (ANF) and the vice-chief of general staff at the Army combatant headquarters (GHQ). His last military assignments included the field operations commander of the I Strike Corps at Mangla Cantt, until his retirement in May 2010. He commanded military operations in the war in north-west fronts and was the battlefield commander of the Special Support Group (SSG) for IDPs affected by the successful military operations in Swat and Waziristan.
Career in the military.
Nadeem Ahmad was commissioned in the Pakistan Army on 12 December 1971 in the 48th PMA Long Course in the Baloch Regiment, which later became the Sind Regiment. He commanded the Lahore Infantry Division as well as Force Commander Northern Areas (FCNA) in Gilgit from 2001 to 2003 and then as Director General of the Anti-Narcotics Force (DG ANF) from 2003 to 2005. He was then called back into the Army and served as the Vice Chief of General Staff (VCGS) from 2005 to 2006. He was serving as VCGS when the fateful earthquake hit the Kashmir region on 8 October 2005. He later served as Commander of the Mangla Corps from 2007 to 2009.
Nadeem Ahmad is a graduate of Command and Staff College, Quetta and College of EME, Rawalpindi besides holding two Masters degrees in war studies, and strategic studies from National Defence College, Islamabad and U.S. Army War College, Carlisle, Pennsylvania. He is also recipient of an Honorary Doctorate in Disaster Management from University of Huddersfield, UK.
Chief Military Coordinator of Federal Relief Commission (FRC).
Following the devastating Pakistan earthquake that killed 73,338 people, injured 128,304, and rendered 3.5 million people homeless, then Maj-Gen Nadeem Ahmad was appointed Chief Military Coordinator for the Military Wing of the Federal Relief Commission (FRC). The FRC at that time was headed by Lt Gen (R) Farooq Ahmad Khan, who was in-charge of relief efforts from the civilian side.
Maj-Gen Nadeem and the Pakistan Army worked with the United Nations and other representatives of national and international agencies, donor countries and NGOs, to plan and implement the massive relief operations. He is credited by some in the international community as having been the key player in organizing the Pakistan Government's response to the earthquake.
Deputy Chairman ERRA.
Following the relief phase, Nadeem was promoted to Lieutenant General and appointed Deputy Chairman of Pakistan’s Earthquake Reconstruction & Rehabilitation Authority (ERRA), the organization responsible for the $5bn reconstruction efforts. Under his leadership, ERRA planned, funded and implemented programmes for the reconstruction and rehabilitation of the 30,000 km2 devastated region of North West Frontier Province and Kashmir in twelve key sectors of Health, Education, Water & Sanitation, Social Protection, Telecommunications, Industry & Tourism, Livelihoods, Agriculture, Governance, Roads & Transportation, Power, and Environment, with cross-cutting themes of Gender Equity and Disaster Risk Reduction.
Chairman Special Support Group for IDPs.
On 11 May 2009, the Prime Minister of Pakistan, Yousuf Raza Gilani, appointed General Nadeem to head a Special Support Group (SSG) for Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) at Federal Government level, to support to Provincial efforts to assist people displaced by the fighting in the Swat region of North West Frontier Province (NWFP). The Support Group's worked with government's agencies and departments, military, donors and international humanatarian organizations and communities, and to organise an International Donors Conference to raise funds to assist the IDPs. The Special Support Group is crowned for the successful return of over 2 million IDPs to Swat Region within a short period of 2 months.
The Special Support Group led the relief efforts for the dislocated families of Waziristan. Headquartered in Peshawar, it was the focal point for all operations relating to IDPs in Pakistan. Under the guidance and direction of Chairman, the Special Support Group set new standards in Internally Displaced Persons relief, assistance and return.
Chairman National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA).
Soon after retirement, the General was appointed as Chairman National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), where he supervised the entire Relief and Early Recovery efforts during the 2010 Pakistan floods, the biggest disaster to have struck Pakistan, affecting 20 million people over an area of 100,000 km2.
He sought resignation in April 2011 after his request to bring ERRA under the NDMA was denied by the political and military leadership.
General Nadeem was a member of the Abbottabad Commission investigating the circumstances surrounding the May 2nd 2011 killing of Osama bin Laden by United States Special Forces.
Recognition for services.
In recognition of his outstanding services to humanity, General Nadeem was awarded the nation’s highest award, Sitara-e-Esar, by the President of Pakistan in 2006. In 2007, he was presented with the UN Habitat Scroll of Honour at The Hague, Netherlands and also the Shah-e-Hamdan Medal by the Government of Azad Kashmir.
General Nadeem has spoken at numerous conferences, seminars and workshops in Pakistan, the United Arab Emirates, Switzerland, United Kingdom, United States, China, Denmark, Australia, Nepal and Thailand on all aspects of Disaster Management in both natural disasters and complex emergencies.

</doc>
<doc id="18614719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614719" title="Canyon Diablo, Arizona">
Canyon Diablo, Arizona

Canyon Diablo (Navajo: Kin Łigaaí) is a ghost town on the Navajo Reservation in Coconino County, Arizona, United States on the edge of the arroyo Canyon Diablo.
History.
The town which is about 12 miles northwest of Meteor Crater was the closest community to the crater when portions of the meteorite were removed. Consequently, the meteorite that struck the crater is officially called the "Canyon Diablo Meteorite."
The town originated about 1882, due to construction delays attributed to the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad ordering the wrong span length railroad bridge across the canyon. The bridge story is that the original bridge when ordered was not of sufficient length to span Canyon Diablo, and this fact was only discovered once the bridge arrived on site from the manufacturer. Consequently for six months the transcontinental railroad ended at the lip of Canyon Diablo while another bridge was manufactured and shipped to the work site.
The original pillars the bridge was mounted on were excavated from the surrounding Kaibab limestone and shaped on site by Italian stonemasons. The ruins of the lodgings of the railroad workmen are on the west end of the bridge site. Despite the railroad ending at the edge of the canyon, work on the railroad route still progressed. Crews were sent ahead to survey the route, prepare the grade and bed, cut and prestage railroad ties and other supplies in advance of the iron rails that would accompany the trains once the canyon was spanned with the arrival of the new bridge. Work quickly progressed until the A&P crew linked up with the Southern Pacific Railroad crews at Needles, CA on August 9, 1883.
Originally a small mobile business community catering to the needs of railroad men, once the railroad stopped at the edge of the canyon this community quickly produced numerous saloons, brothels, dance halls, and gambling houses, all of which remained open 24 hours a day. No lawmen were employed by the community initially, so it quickly became a very dangerous place. Its population was mostly made up of railroad workers along with passing outlaws, gamblers, and prostitutes. The town was designed with two lines of buildings facing one another across the rock bed main street. The center street, however, was not named Main Street, but "Hell Street". It consisted of fourteen saloons, ten gambling houses, four brothels and two dance halls. Also located on this street were two eating counters, one grocery store, and one dry goods store. Scattered about in the vicinity of downtown were large numbers of tents, shotgun houses, and hastily thrown up shacks that served as local residences.
Within a short time the town boasted a population of 2,000 residents. A regular stagecoach route from Flagstaff to Canyon Diablo began running and was often the victim of robberies. Within its first year, the town received its first marshal. He was sworn in at 3:00pm, and was being buried at 8:00pm that same night. Five more town marshals would follow, the longest lasting one month, and all were killed in the line of duty. A "Boot Hill" cemetery sprouted up at the end of town, which in less than a decade had 35 graves, all of whom had been killed by way of violent death. The 36th grave was that of former trading post owner Herman Wolf, who died in 1899, the only one to have died a nonviolent death.
Herman Wolfe's trading post was located at "Wolfe's Crossing" on the Little Colorado River about 12 miles north of Leuppe, AZ and near a place called Tolchaco. Herman Wolfe died there and his body was transported to Canyon Diablo for burial. Currently Wolfe's grave is heavily monumented and the story is that after World War II a relative from Germany located his grave and installed the headstone and other improvements on the grave site.
Upon completion of the railroad bridge, the town quickly died. By 1903, the only thing remaining in the town was a Navajo trading post. Later on in the 20th century, when Route 66 passed within several miles of the town, a gas station and roadhouse called Two Guns sprang up, but it too was short-lived. What remains today at Canyon Diablo are a few building foundations, the grave marker and grave of Herman Wolf, and the ruins of the trading post.

</doc>
<doc id="18614739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614739" title="Lego Agents">
Lego Agents

Lego Agents is a series of Lego toy sets introduced in 2008 and is based on the secret agent genre. Each set features a mission that pits the Lego Agents team against the nefarious Dr. Inferno and his sinister cronies.
Background.
A crazed doctor, Dr. Inferno, often sends his henchman and cyborgs on missions to steal treasure or terrorise the city. Formerly helping the agents, Inferno lost his arm to an explosion and blamed it on the agents. He established a base at a volcano and hired men as his henchmen. 
The agents are always included in a set, along with a special vehicle. The sets serve as story starters, allowing children to link them all together to form a "Master Plan." There are four agents, but two more appear in Agents 2.0. Agent Chase is the most common and comes in most every set. Agent Fuse is hard to find seeing he only comes in three sets. Agent Charge is also hard to find, since he also only comes in four sets. Agent Trace is very rare, since most sets she comes in are very expensive. Agent Swift and Swipe are exclusive to the sets they come in, which are Ariel Defense Unit and Gold Tooth's Getaway. There are many henchmen of Dr. Inferno, mostly they are deformed or robots. Dr. Inferno is part robot himself, since his right arm is a metal hand. The Agents have an undercover truck as their base, and Dr. Inferno's is a large volcano. The Agent scheme color is navy blue, lime green and light grey, Dr. Inferno's is orange and black.
Sets.
2008 Sets.
8631 Mission 1: Jetpack Pursuit - 88 Pieces
8632 Mission 2: Swamp Raid - 235 Pieces
8630 Mission 3: Gold Hunt - 352 Pieces
8633 Mission 4: Speedboat Rescue - 340 Pieces
8634 Mission 5: Turbocar Chase- 498 Pieces
8635 Mission 6: Mobile Command Center - 1154 Pieces
8636 Mission 7: Deep Sea Quest - 520 Pieces
8637 Mission 8: Volcano Base - 718 Pieces
Summer 2014:
70161: unknown
70162: Dungeon
70163: Toxic Accident
70164: Action Robber
70165: Headquarters
2009 Sets.
8967 Gold Tooth's Getaway - 68 Pieces 
8968 River Heist - 203 Pieces
8969 4-Wheeling Pursuit - 322 Pieces
8970 Robo Attack - 414 Pieces
8971 Aerial Defense Unit - 733 pieces

</doc>
<doc id="18614748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614748" title="Obra (TV series)">
Obra (TV series)

Obra, also known as Masterpiece in English, was a weekly anthology on GMA Network. Each month, the show featured a different star. The pilot episode aired on August 14, 2008.
Premise.
Obra is a weekly primetime drama series featuring GMA-7 stars in four stories about life, love and sacrifice. Each series had own set of production teams.
Season one.
JC de Vera.
JC de Vera was the second star.
Sunshine Dizon.
Sunshine Dizon was the third star.
Season two.
After a three-month hiatus, the series will return with a different format. Originally, it was supposed to return for its second season on January 2009 with Jennylyn Mercado as its featured-artist. It will air its second season as SRO Cinema Serye starting on April 2 as an 8-part mini-series which is entitled "Ganti ng Puso", starring Geoff Eigenmann, Bianca King, Maxene Magalona, Sheryl Cruz and Marvin Agustin.
Awards and nominations.
On September 5, 2009, the series was awarded Best Drama Anthology by the 1st MTRCB TV Awards, besting heavy contender "Maalaala Mo Kaya" - which later won the same category in the 5th USTv Students' Choice Award.
The series was nominated for Best Drama Anthology against "Maynila" and "Maalaala Mo Kaya" on the 23rd PMPC Star Awards for TV.
Richard Gomez and JC de Vera was nominated Best Single Performance by an Actor for the "Bayaran" and "Pretty Boy" episodes, respectively.
Gina Alajar was nominated for Best Single Performance by an Actress for the "Pretty Boy" episode. Sunshine Dizon is also nominated in the same category for her performance in the "Butch" episode.

</doc>
<doc id="18614770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614770" title="William Lafayette Darling">
William Lafayette Darling

Darling, William Lafayette (1856-1938).
Biography.
<BR>"Consulting Engineer."
<BR>Office: 2100 Iglehart Avenue, St. Paul, Minnesota.
<BR>Married: Alice Ernestine Bevans, April 15, 1901.
<BR>Education: Worcester Polytechnic Institute (Bachelor’s of Science, 1877); in baseball and American football; Doctor of Engineering, 1927.
Career.
Entered engineering construction, Northern Pacific Railroad, 1879 to 1883; division engineer, St. Paul and Northern Pacific (now Northern Pacific), 1883 to 1884; engineer, Chicago, Burlington and Quincy, 1884; engineer, location and construction, St. Andrews Bay and Chipley, 1884 to 1885; resident engineer in charge of terminals in St. Paul and Minneapolis, Chicago, Burlington and Northern (now Chicago, Burlington and Quincy), 1885 to 1887; engineer, location and construction, Duluth, Watertown and Pacific (now Great Northern Railway), 1887; located the line afterwards built by the Great Northern from Sioux Falls to Yankton, South Dakota, 1887 to 1888; engineer in charge of washout repairs from Minot, North Dakota, to Great Falls, Montana, Great Northern, 1888. The following positions with the Northern Pacific: in charge of construction of Howe truss bridge in Montana, 1888 to 1889; in charge of location and construction of line from Little Falls to Staples, Minnesota, 1889; in charge of location and construction of the Coeur d'Alene Branch, 1889 to 1890; principal assistant engineer in charge of engineering and construction, 1891 to 1892; division engineer in charge of engineering from St. Paul, Minnesota, to Billings, Montana, 1892 to 1896; division engineer and assistant chief engineer, 1896 to 1901; chief engineer, 1901 to 1903. Chief engineer and vice-president, Gulf Construction Company, building a line from St. Louis to Kansas City, 1905; chief engineer, Pacific Railway (now Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad), 1905 to 1906; chief engineer, Northern Pacific system and allied lines and during same period was vice-president and construction engineer in charge of construction of the Portland and Seattle Railway (now Spokane, Portland and Seattle), also during this period was construction engineer of the Pittsburgh and Gilmore.
Since 1916 he has been consulting engineer, at St. Paul with the following activities: Associate member, Naval Consulting Board during the World War I; appointed a member of the Advisory Commission of Railway Experts to Russia by the Secretary of State, 1917; Member of Board of Economics and Engineering for the Owners of Railroad Securities in New York, 1921 to 1922. Public office: Member, City Planning Board, St. Paul; Member, City Zoning Board, St. Paul.
In 1926, the Trustees of the Worcester Polytechnic Institute established the policy of granting a limited number of honorary degrees, including Doctor of Engineering. In 1927, the degree was conferred upon William L. Darling.
Clubs and fraternities.
Member American Railway Engineering Association (former director); American Society of Civil Engineers; Permanent Association of Navigation Congresses; General Contractors of America (honorary member); Minnesota Club, St. Paul; University Club, St. Paul; Thirty-second degree Mason; Shriner.

</doc>
<doc id="18614775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614775" title="John Barnard (disambiguation)">
John Barnard (disambiguation)

John Barnard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18614780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614780" title="Carl Gustav Calwer">
Carl Gustav Calwer

Carl Gustav Calwer (11 November 1821, Stuttgart — 19 August 1874, Mineralbad Berg) was a German entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera.
He wrote initially with the Stuttgart professor Dr Gustav Jäger "Käferbuch, Naturgeschichte der Käfer Europas" published by Julius Hoffmann, Stuttgart a 666 page work with 50 lithographic plates all but two in colour. This very popular work was successively reprinted until 1916. Many of the fine plates were reused in Georgij Georgiewitsch Jacobson's 1905 "Beetles of Russia", enabling Jacobson to focus on illustrating previously undescribed species.

</doc>
<doc id="18614781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614781" title="Jacques Le Bossu">
Jacques Le Bossu

Jacques Le Bossu (Paris, 1546 – Rome, 1626) was a French Benedictine theologian and Doctor of the Sorbonne.
Life.
He entered the Benedictine Order at the Royal Abbey of St. Denis, of which he became claustral prior. He was preceptor to the Cardinal de Guise and took a prominent part in the Catholic League and the disputes concerning the successor to Henry III of France, whose death he considered to be a just punishment. 
The accession of Henry IV of France, against whom he had written, and the execution of de Guise in 1587 necessitated his leaving France in 1591, and he went to Rome, where he entered the service of the Curia. He was made a consultor of the Congregatio de Auxiliis, established in 1599 to settle the controversy on grace between the Dominicans and the Jesuits. 
On its dissolution, in 1607, he desired to return to France, but the pope, Pope Paul V, kept him in Rome.
Works.
His chief work consisted of "Animadversiones" against twenty-five propositions of Molina, a Spanish Jesuit who had written a book on grace, defending the doctrines of Duns Scotus against those of the Dominicans. The "Animadversiones" were published by Antonio Raynaldo, the Dominican, in 1644. 
Le Bossu's "Diarium Congregationis de Auxiliis" has been lost.

</doc>
<doc id="18614787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614787" title="Dorcas Muthoni">
Dorcas Muthoni

Dorcas Muthoni is a Kenyan businesswoman and founder of Openworld, a software consulting company. She will receive the Anita Borg Institute for Women and Technology's Change Agent award in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18614796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614796" title="John William Kendrick">
John William Kendrick

John William Kendrick (October 14, 1853 - February 16, 1924) was chief engineer, general manager and vice-president of the Northern Pacific Railway and later vice-chairman of the board of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway.
Biography.
He was born on October 14, 1853. He entered railway service: 1879 as levelman construction party in Yellowstone River Valley for the Northern Pacific Railroad, since which he has been consecutively 1879 to 1880, location work; 1880 to 1883, in charge of construction of 160 miles of Missouri and Yellowstone divisions; 1883 to 1888, chief engineer, St. Paul and Northern Pacific Railroad, in charge of main line and terminals between Brainerd, Minnesota and St. Paul, Minnesota; 1888 to July, 1893, chief engineer, Northern Pacific Railroad and leased lines; July, 1893, to February 1, 1899, general manager for receivers, same road and reorganized road, the Northern Pacific Railway; February 1, 1899 to date , second vice-president.
From June 5, 1901, to October 4, 1905, Kendrick was third vice-president Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway, in charge of operation. From October 4, 1905, to June, 1911, he vice-president in charge of operation. From 1911 onwards he was a consulting railway expert.
John William Kendrick was later vice-chairman of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. In the 1890s he formulated the engineering plans the reconstruction of the Northern Pacific Railway after its construction era, a period during which the Northern Pacific endured two receiverships and corporate reorganizations. At the dawn of the Twentieth Century he joined the Santa Fe, helping usher in an era of scientific management on that road. John William Kendrick played a vital and active role in the construction and formulation of business policies at two of the largest corporations in the American West.
He died on February 16, 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="18614809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614809" title="Badrulzaman Abdul Halim">
Badrulzaman Abdul Halim

Badrulzaman Abdul Halim (born on April 2, 1978 Selangor) is a Malaysian footballer who is currently a goalkeeper for PKNS FC. He is a member of the Malaysian national team. 
He received twice called up for Malaysia squad friendly against Indonesia and India on June and July 2008. He also include in 2008 Merdeka Tournament but did not chosen to play.
At the 2008 Myanmar Grand Royal Challenge Cup, Badrulzaman made his international debut against Vietnam on November 12, 2008 although it is not FIFA International 'A' matches. On November 18, 2008, Badrulzaman made his debut in 'A' international matches against Myanmar. 
His first caps for the national team was disastrous as he conceded 4 goals against the team that Malaysia have beaten in the semifinal of 2008 Merdeka Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18614810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614810" title="La Statira">
La Statira

La Statira is an opera seria in three acts by the Italian composer Tomaso Albinoni with a libretto by Apostolo Zeno and Pietro Pariati. It was first performed at the Teatro Capranica in Rome during the Carnival season of 1726. The plot concerns the rivalry between Statira and Barsimo for the throne of Persia.
The singers in the premiere performance were:

</doc>
<doc id="18614827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614827" title="Seventh Wave (GrimSkunk album)">
Seventh Wave (GrimSkunk album)

Seventh Wave is an album and a song from the Quebec hard rock group GrimSkunk released in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="18614842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614842" title="Horizon Air destinations">
Horizon Air destinations

Horizon Air, a regional airline based in SeaTac, Washington, serves 47 different destinations in the western United States, Canada and Mexico. Horizon Air's inaugural destinations in 1981 were Pasco, Seattle, and Yakima, Washington which were served with two wet leased Fairchild F-27 turboprop aircraft. In 1982, Horizon Air expanded into Oregon with a purchase of Air Oregon, and added service to seven new destinations. One year later, Horizon acquired Transwestern Airlines of Utah and then expanded into the intermountain West region of the United States. Five of the seven routes introduced with the acquisition of Air Oregon are still served by Horizon, with the exceptions of North Bend/Coos Bay, Oregon and by December 2008, Pendleton, Oregon. In 2008, Horizon restructured existing routes in order to transition to an all Bombardier Q400 fleet, removing the smaller Q200 turboprops as well as the CRJ 700 regional jets from the fleet. 
One destination, Pendleton, Oregon, was subsidized through the Essential Air Service program, but on December 1, 2008, Horizon Air no longer served Pendleton. This change was brought mainly in part by the fleet transition plan, as Pendleton was served by the smaller Q200 plane, which was phased out of service. Horizon Air launched its first Mexican route, flying a CRJ700 between Loreto, Mexico and Los Angeles, California in January 2008. Horizon has been flying to Canada since at least 1993, when service was added from Bellingham and Seattle to Calgary, Alberta.
On May 14, 2011, several routes that were formerly served by Horizon Air were transferred to SkyWest Airlines, operating under the name "Alaska SkyWest". SkyWest is operating five CRJ-700s purchased from Horizon Air under a capacity purchase agreement. This means that SkyWest owns and operates the aircraft, while Alaska Airlines is responsible for marketing and selling tickets for the flights. The CRJ-700s are operating on routes that would not be feasible to operate with neither Bombardier Q400s nor Boeing 737s.

</doc>
<doc id="18614852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614852" title="András Baronyi">
András Baronyi

András Baronyi (September 13, 1892 – June 6, 1944) was a Hungarian swimmer and track and field athlete who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Budapest.
In 1908 he was eliminated in the first round of the 200 metre breaststroke event.
Four years later at the 1912 Olympics he finished fourth in the 100 metre backstroke competition. At the same Olympics he also finished seventh in the standing long jump contest.

</doc>
<doc id="18614862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614862" title="Sikorsky S-16">
Sikorsky S-16

The Sikorsky S-16 (named after its designer) or RBVZ S-XVI(named after its manufacturer) was a Russian equi-span single-bay two-seat biplane designed by Igor Sikorsky in 1914-15. Conceived in response to demand for an escort fighter for the Ilya Muromets bombers, it was noteworthy in that it was one of the first aircraft to possess synchronisation gear for its 7.7mm machine gun. The first S-XVI was completed on 6 February 1915 with an 80 hp engine instead of the intended 100 hp because of supply problems. On 17 December 1915, the Russian government placed an order for 18 aircraft, these being delivered in early 1916.
Operational history.
Although highly maneuverable, the S-XVI possessed a comparatively poor performance due to insufficient power. A further small batch were completed in 1917, with the aircraft being used during the Russian Revolution and staying in service until 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="18614865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614865" title="Adna Anderson">
Adna Anderson

General Adna Anderson was Engineer-in-Chief of the Northern Pacific Railroad from 1880 to 1888. He was born in Ridgeway, New York, July 25, 1827, and died May 15, 1889, in Philadelphia.
Early career.
Anderson began his railway career in 1847, as chainman on the New York and New Haven Railroad. From October 1847 to November 1848, he was assistant engineer of the Connecticut River Railroad; from November 1848 to September 1848 assistant engineer on the Mobile and Ohio; from that date to March 1850 assistant engineer on the Ashuelot Railroad in New Hampshire. Afterward he was successively resident engineer of the Michigan Southern and Northern Indiana; locating engineer of the Mobile and Ohio; chief engineer on the Tennessee and Alabama; chief engineer and superintendent of the Edgefield and Kentucky; and for a short time chief engineer of the Henderson and Nashville. When the Edgefield and Kentucky failed, General Anderson was appointed receiver.
When the American Civil War broke out General Anderson offered his services to the United States government, and was made assistant engineer and chief of the Construction Corps of the Army of the Potomac in Virginia. In the following year he was made general superintendent of Government Railroads of the Military Division of the Mississippi. From November 1864 to July 1866 he was chief superintendent and engineer of all the military railroads.
From February to May 1867, he was chief engineer of the Illinois and St. Louis Bridge; afterwards general superintendent of the Kansas Pacific Railway; then vice-president and general manager of the Toledo, Wabash and Western. General Anderson was made president of the LaFayette, Muncie and Bloomington Railroad in 1873; he was appointed receiver of the Chicago, Danville and Vincennes in May 1875; in February 1880 he was made chief engineer of the Northern Pacific Railroad.
Northern Pacific career.
In the latter part of 1881 General Anderson took a long and fatiguing journey over the proposed line of the Northern Pacific, making a personal inspection of the proposed route across the backbone of the continent and through what was then the western wilds.
From the observations made on this long journey from Bismarck, North Dakota to Portland, Oregon, General Anderson became satisfied that the general route laid down by the late William Milnor Roberts (a former president of the American Society of Civil Engineers), as the line of the Northern Pacific, was in the main correct, at least so far as the line between the Missouri River and Columbia River was concerned, and on this line, substantially, he went on and completed the road, witnessing the driving of the last spike September 8, 1883.
The main line having been completed from St. Paul to Wallula where junction was formed with the Oregon Railway and Navigation Company’s line, thus making a through line to Portland, the company turned its attention to its Cascade Division, intended to connect its line at some point near the mouth of the Snake River, with Tacoma on Puget Sound. Surveys for this division had been in progress much of the time since March, 1880, and much had been done even previous to that date, at intervals, in the way of reconnaissance and preliminary work. The company desired to build on the best attainable line, but to find this line, with conditions then existing, was a work of great difficulty, requiring time, labor and expense. General Anderson took great interest in all this work, but did not express any final judgment until the autumn of 1883, after all the information was available, when he reported that the line ought to be built through Stampede Pass, believing it to be the route that could be operated at least expense and that it would best protect the company from the encroachments of rival enterprises, which judgment has been fully confirmed by the events of the past two years.
In October, 1886, General Anderson was elected second vice-president of the Northern Pacific, which position, together with that of chief engineer of this road, he held up to January, 1888.
Personal life and death.
General Anderson married, in 1856, Juliet C. Van Wyck, with whom he had six children. The eldest daughter, Sallie, married United States Navy Lieutenant John C. Fremont, Jr., a son of General John C. Fremont; the oldest son, Philip Van Wyck Anderson, was a civil engineer on the Northern Pacific Railroad.
In May 1889 General Anderson opened an office in New York, at 155 Broadway, where he was engaged in organizing the Gordon Fire Alarm Company and the Steel Car Company. About a year before his death he contracted what is known as mountain fever while on one of his western trips, from which he never entirely recovered.
On the night of May 14, 1889, Anderson shot himself with a revolver in his room at the Lafayette Hotel in New York City. Anderson had checked into the hotel two days earlier, his only baggage being a gripsack, or small suitcase.
According to Virgil Gay Bogue, in his 2009 book, "Proceedings of the American Society of Civil Engineers", General Anderson was a quiet and somewhat taciturn man, of great integrity and clear, impartial judgment.
References.
No author. "The Biographical Directory of the Railway Officials of America for 1887." Chicago [Ill.]: "Railway Age", 1887, p. 17. (See also Clough, Joel Barber.)

</doc>
<doc id="18614880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614880" title="Hamilton">
Hamilton

Hamilton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18614897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614897" title="Edward J. Pearson">
Edward J. Pearson

Pearson, Edward Jones (born October 4, 1863, at Rockville, Indiana died December 7, 1928) was Chief Engineer, Pacific Railway.
Education.
Graduated from Engineering Department of Cornell University.
Career.
Entered railway service: 1880 as rodman Missouri Pacific, since which he has been consecutively to 1883, in Engineering Department Missouri–Kansas–Texas Railroad and Atlantic and Pacific Railroad; 1883 to 1885, assistant engineer, Northern Pacific; 1885 to April, 1890, supervisor, Bridges, Buildings and Water Supply, Minnesota and St. Paul divisions; April, 1890, to May, 1892, division engineer, Eastern Division of same road; May, 1892, to May, 1894, principal assistant engineer at Chicago in charge of construction of Chicago Terminal Lines and of work on the Wisconsin Central Lines being operated by the Northern Pacific; May, 1894, to August, 1895, superintendent, Yellowstone Division, Glendive, Montana; August, 1895, to December, 1898, superintendent, Rocky Mountain Division, Missoula, Montana; December, 1898, to April, 1902, superintendent, Pacific Division, Tacoma, Washington; April, 1902, to September, 1903, assistant general superintendent; September, 1903, to May 1, 1904, acting chief engineer, and May 1, 1904, to December, 1905, chief engineer; December 1905, to date, chief engineer, Pacific Railway.
Later president of the Milwaukee Road.

</doc>
<doc id="18614902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614902" title="Alexander Anderson (Scottish politician)">
Alexander Anderson (Scottish politician)

Alexander Anderson (12 April 1888 – 11 February 1954) was a Labour Party politician in Scotland, who represented the for Motherwell constituency in the House of Commons for nine years.
He first stood for the seat at a by-election in April 1945, when he lost to Dr. Robert McIntyre of the Scottish National Party. He won it at the general election in July that year, and held it until his death in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="18614906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614906" title="Eiji Takigawa">
Eiji Takigawa

, is Japanese actor, singer, and entertainer. Hailed from Osaka, Takigawa graduated from the law department of Kounan Daigaku (Konan University) at Kobe, before he pursued his career in the entertainment industry.
Career.
He made his first big break on 2002, as the official icon of the energy drink, Lipovitan D, along with long-time icon, Kosugi Kane, the son of the legendary martial art actor, Kosugi Shou. The company which produces LipoD felt that Takigawa offered the right aspects for the younger target market for the drink: passion, determination, cheerfulness, youth and intelligence.
He graduated as the Lipovitan D icon on 29 March 2007.
As Kunimitsu Tezuka in the "Prince of Tennis" musicals.
Takigawa is probably best known for originating the role of Kunimitsu Tezuka, the stoic captain of the Seigaku Middle School's tennis club, in the "Prince of Tennis" musical series, Tenimyu, as part of the first generation Seigaku cast. He first appeared in the series in 2003, and ended on the graduation show, "Side Fudomine", in the beginning of 2005. He did not appear in the "More Than Limit St. Rudolph Gakuen" musical as he was in America at the time, so Kengo Ohkuchi played the role.
Since his graduation, the role of Tezuka has been played by Yuu Shirota, Keisuke Minami, Daisuke Watanabe, and by Ryoma Baba.
Takigawa returned to his role as Tezuka and reunited with the 1st generation Seigaku cast to perform in Tenimyu's "Dream Live 7th".
Other work.
Takigawa released a DVD called Treasure of Age (and some sites also call it as 'Treasure of Eiji') on 2004, which was produced by Marvelous Entertainment.
He reunited with Tenimyu castmates Kimeru, Sota Aoyama, and Naoya Gomoto to appear in the PV of Kimeru's single, TIMELESS, on 4 October 2006. The PV is only on the Type A Limited Edition of the single. There's also a short movie, TIMELESS ~The Movie, that was released on DVD on 18 November 2006.
On TeniMyu Supporters DVD vol. 5 that was released on 28 April 2007, Takigawa appeared along with his first generation Seigaku castmates. He then went on to play the role of Tsukamoto Hidemi on the live-action movie adaptation of the manga series "Mousou Shoujo Otaku Kei" by Konjou Natsumi.
On 27 January 2008, Takigawa took on the part of Riki in "Kamen Rider Kiva", the human form of Dogga, the Frankenstein's monster that assists Kiva in fighting the enemies. Since 1 April 2008, Takigawa's career is being managed by Shochiku Entertainment, the talent, stage-play, and actors' subsidiary of Shochiku.
Stage work.
Musicals.
Tenimyu: The Prince of Tennis Musical series (as Kunimitsu Tezuka)

</doc>
<doc id="18614909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614909" title="YUI Rich Text Editor">
YUI Rich Text Editor

YUI Rich Text Editor is a project developed by Yahoo! as a part of the YUI Library for an online rich-text editor that replaces a standard HTML textarea. It allows for drag and drop inclusion and sizing of images, text coloring, realignment, fonts, italic and bold text. The YUI rich text editor uses a plug in architecture and it is skinnable along with the rest of the YUI.
Components.
The YUI Rich Text Editor (RTE), contains the following components: Editor, SimpleEditor, ToolbarButton, and ToolbarButtonAdvanced. Some differences in the SimpleEditor and the Editor control are that the SimpleEditor uses JavaScript prompts and select elements rather than YUI defined elements. 
History.
This component was designed and implemented by the Yahoo! developer Dav Glass in order to add a rich text editor component to the YUI.

</doc>
<doc id="18614920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614920" title="Sarah Brownson">
Sarah Brownson

Sarah Nicolena Brownson (June 7, 1839, Chelsea, Massachusetts – October 30, 1876, Elizabeth, New Jersey) was an American writer. 
She was the daughter of Orestes A. Brownson and the wife of William J. Tenney, whom she married in 1873.
She and Tenney had two daughters: Ruth Channing Tenney and Mary Brownson Tenney.
Works.
She is best known for her "Life of Demetrius Augustine Gallitzin, Prince and Priest" (New York, 1873). 
She wrote literary criticism for her father's "Review", and many articles, stories, and poems which appeared mainly in Catholic magazines. Other works included:

</doc>
<doc id="18614952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614952" title="Pirvahid">
Pirvahid

Pirvahid (also, Pirvagid and Pirvaid) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,293. 

</doc>
<doc id="18614959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614959" title="Douglas Harlow Shoemaker">
Douglas Harlow Shoemaker

Douglas Harlow Shoemaker (June 18, 1905 – February 1985) was the last Chief Engineer of the Northern Pacific Railway.
Biography.
On October 1929 he became a draftsman, Bridge Department, Northern Pacific, until May 1932; May 1932 to June 1933, inspector, Minnesota Highway Department; June 1933 to 1935, superintendent and estimator, Nolan Brothers, Incorporated, contractors, Minneapolis; June, 1935, to May, 1936, partner with Industrial Contracting Company, bridge contractors; May, 1936, Northern Pacific, as draftsman, Bridge Department; August 1936 to October, 1940, instrumentman, inspector, district engineer; October 1940 to February 1941, draftsman, Bridge Department; February 1941, to June 1942, division engineer, Fargo, North Dakota; June 1942 to December 1943, division engineer, Glendive, Montana; December 1943, to June, 1945, assistant engineer, construction of Bozeman Tunnel; June 1945 to December 1947, assistant engineer, location and construction of line change; December 1947 to May, 1949, office engineer, St. Paul; May 1949, to February 1951, principal assistant engineer, St. Paul; February 1951 to March 1953, district engineer, St. Paul; March 1953 to April 1956, assistant chief engineer, St. Paul; August 1956 to April 1958, special assistant, Executive Department; April 1958 to May 1962, assistant chief engineer; May 1962—, chief engineer.
He died in February 1985 in Las Vegas.
Memberships.
American Society of Civil Engineers (Northwest Section); American Railway Engineering Association (Committee Four); Engineer’s Society of St. Paul; Northwest Maintenance-of-Way Club;

</doc>
<doc id="18614968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614968" title="Goryo Hamaguchi">
Goryo Hamaguchi

Altruistic activities.
He saved the lives of many of his fellow villagers of Hiro, Kii Province (current Hirogawa, Wakayama), when a massive tsunami struck the Kii Peninsula in 1854. He set fire to stacks of rice sheaves as landmarks to guide villagers to safety. Lafcadio Hearn wrote a story about him in "Gleanings in Buddha-Fields: Studies of Hand and Soul in the Far East" (1897), called "Inamura no Hi: The burning rice fields". The story chronicled Goryo's heroism and accounts of his efforts were also introduced into Japanese textbooks.
Hamaguchi participated in various recovery efforts in Hiro, including the construction of a sea wall more than 600 meters long, 20 meters wide and 5 meters high, which minimized damage from tsunamis in later years. He spent his own money on the project (the equivalent of 1,572 "ryō" (gold coins)) and hired a total of 56,736 villagers to work on it.
In the field of education, Hamaguchi established a private academy for learning "kendo" (Japanese fencing) and Chinese classics with Hamaguguchi Toko and Iwasaki Meigaku at the end of the Edo period. This private academy was later called "Taikyu-Sha" and became the current Taikyu Junior High School after a few changes.
Meiji government.
Hamaguchi became the Minister of Post and Telecommunications at the behest of Ōkubo Toshimichi in 1871 before he was elected the first chairman of the Wakayama Prefecture Assembly in 1879. After resigning as chairman, he founded the "Kinokuni Doyukai (Association)" and developed activities that encouraged democracy.
Death.
On April 21, 1885, Hamaguchi died in New York during his tour of Europe and the United States, which had been a long-cherished desire of his.
His funeral was held on June 15, 1885 in Hiro-Mura and more than 4,000 people people gathered to pay their final respects.
Life.
Note) 　 In July 1871, the abolition of the han system (feudal clan system) and establishment of the prefecture system was an act to replace the traditional han system and introduce new local government.
Early Life (from "A Short Story of Goryo Hamaguchi").
“The northwestern part of Hiro-Mura (current Hirogawa-cho) is facing the ocean and Miya-zaki (part of current Arida City) is located about 12 kilometers away right across of the bay. Kiri-saki and Ta-saki are parts of Tamura and Suhara (districts in current Yuasa-cho) along the jugged coastline between Hiro-Mura and Miya-zaki. Shira-saki (part of current Yura-cho) is located about 12 kilometer away from Hiro-Mura in the other direction. Nabae-saki and Medo-saki can be found near the area. The distance between Miya-zaki and Shira-saki is about 16 kilometer and there are Ashika-shima, Tsuru-shima and Kuro-shima in the Hidaka county side of the triangle area in the bay. Taka-shima, Karumo and Kenashi Islands are scattered in the east of those three islands like stars in night sky.”
As Goryo Hamaguchi described above he appreciated the beauty of his hometown in those islands and colors of waves that he could see on any given day from the village by the bay. Even though it would change the natural beauty of the village, he decided to spend a significant amount of money to build a seawall along the coastline of the village (more than 650 meters). He also planted rows of adult pine trees behind the seawall in order to prevent damage to the whole village from such a natural disaster as a tsunami.
The seawall and pines trees are not only the symbol of acts by this great man but also the eternal message to the villagers of what life is all about. Mr. Hamaguchi set an example of overcoming any hardship that we may encounter in our lives with dignity and wisdom. This is how he lived in the period of Meiji Restoration when Japan was searching for a leader can bring a country to right direction.
The Hamaguchi family was known for a ruling family of Hiro-Mura in Arida country over the years. They are the descendents of Yasutada of Taira who served the Lord Shiba in Owari (now called Aichi prefecture) and later renounced his regular daily life to practice at the Hodoin Temple in Mt. Koya. During the Meio period (1492–1500), he moved to Hro-Mura and became a believer of the ninth priest of Jitsunyo (Shonin) in the Honganji Temple sect. And during the Eisho period (1504–1520), he became a Buddhist monk called Seiryo and opened his own center of practice in Hiro-Mura.
His youngest son, Masaayoshi, took over his position to represent current Anraku-ji Temple in Hirogawa-cho. Yajiro Sanekage, another son of Yasutada, started a new family and it marked the beginning of the Hagaguchi family. The family engaged in soy sauce manufacturing business at the port of Choshi in Kamifusa (currently the northern part of Chiba prefecture) during the Genroku period (1688–1703) under Tomonao’s watch. It was the foundation of Yamasa Corporation. The family tradition of using Gihei for the head of Hamagichi family started after Tomonao’s tenure.
Thanks to the geographical advantage of Chiba and other attributes related to soy sauce manufacturing, as well as dedicated efforts by the members of Hamagichi family over the generations after the first Gehei, Yamasa’s business flourished during the periods of Kyoho (1716–1735) and Houreki (1751–1763). Yamasa products were gaining popularity and in a huge demand by people in Edo (now called Tokyo) because of its premier quality. During the Bunsei period (1818–1829), the feudal government of Japan enforced its price control for almost all products. However Yamasa products were exempted from governmental pricing control since its product quality was so superior to others; the government even gave its highest honor to Yamasa as a soy sauce manufacture.
Shichiemon, a younger brother of the fourth Gihei and the first to carry that name, started a branch family under the Hamagichi’s name. Since the second Shichiemon had no child, the younger brother of the fifth Gihei became the next Shichiemon. The sixth Gihei had no child either and the first son of the third Shichiemon became a successor of the original Hamaguchi family. He was Goryo Hamaguchi. Although he was adopted to the original Hamaguchi from its branch family, the fifth Gihei was his grandfather and his stepfather was a real uncle of his. Therefore, the bloodline of Hamaguchi is still intact.
The fifth Gihei, grandfather of Goryo with a great personality, was truly polite and showed his interest in variety of things. He found time to study and enjoyed fine arts every time he could get away from his work. He mastered the painting style of southern Chinese school under Kaiseki Noro and used “Kampo” as his signature. Goryo admired and respected him and was well taken care of by him. In that regard, Goryo was very much influenced by his grandfather in developing his own personality.
Goryo Hamaguchi was born on June 15, 1820 in Hiro-mura. He was raised by his biological mother Shin after his father, the third Shichiemon, died at the age of 22 when he was 2 years old. In September 1831, he was adopted to the original Hamaguchi family as a successor and renamed his name to “Gita”. He soon left Hiro-mura for Choshi where he started learning the family business. The Hamaguchi family (Kichiemon) had house in Koami-cho, a Nihon-bashi district of Edo, where he stayed for a while before coming to Choshi because it was an important place for its business geographically (on the way to Choshi from Kishu). According to the Hamaguchi family creed, family members were treated equally with other employees and were not allowed to fool around. One of the reasons was to learn how to handle lots of problems and to learn how to deal with people. He was not an exception and slept in the same room and ate the same dishes as other employees. Overcoming many hardships in his early ages, he dedicated himself to the family business. At the age of 15, he celebrated his “Genko”, a ceremony to be recognized as an adult, and renamed himself “Gitaro”. He put lots of efforts in practicing swordsmanship and studying the I Ching, as his grandfather Kampo encouraged him. Kampo died in the autumn when he turned 18.
Friendships.
In October 1839, Goryo married a daughter of Umetaro Ikenaga in Yuasa at the age of 20. After staying in Hiro-mura for another six months, he came back to Choshi via Edo in the following spring. By the time, he already mastered techniques of various martial arts, especially for swordsmanship. In addition, thanks to efforts he put in for general studies and fine arts earlier, he was very good at composing and writing poems. He accidentally met Gonsai Miyake, who became his mentor and friend for life, in his academic quest and physical training. Gonsai was originally from Shimabara in Hizen (current Nagasaki prefecture) and devoted himself in medical study since his birth in 1817 (Bunka-14). He studied science introduced to Japan by Dutch in Nagasaki and later moved to Edo. At that time, people were debating Chinese medicine and Western medicine, until the feudal government ruled in favor of Chinese medicine because of its similar environment to Japanese. Western medicine was prohibited until the following March.

</doc>
<doc id="18614980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614980" title="Sikorsky S-20">
Sikorsky S-20

__NOTOC__
The Sikorsky S-20 (named after its designer) or RBVZ S-XX (named after its manufacturer) was a Russian single-bay unequal span two-seat biplane designed by Igor Sikorsky in 1916. Displaying some Nieuport influence, it saw very little service during World War I.
Five S-XX aircraft were built in September 1916, with the first two powered by the 100 hp Gnome rotary engine which had powered its predecessor, the RBVZ S-XVI. However, the other three were powered with the 120 hp Le Rhone engine, with which they were allegedly faster than the French Nieuport 17.
Operational history.
The S-XX saw little service because it was viewed as inferior to newer enemy aircraft, and no series production was undertaken. As such, only five aircraft were ever produced.

</doc>
<doc id="18614995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18614995" title="Tokhu Emong">
Tokhu Emong

Tokhu Emong is a festival celebrated by the Lotha nagas. The lothas are one of the major tribes in Nagaland.Tohku Emong is celebrated on the first week of November every year and it lasts for 9 days. It is also called post harvest festival. This festival is associated with the harvesting of crops. It is also accompanied by folk dances and singing of old folk songs. It is a festival enjoyed by both the young and the old, praising the God's for their abundant blessings.
Tokhu Emong is also a celebration about brotherhood, forgiveness and oneness. It is celebrated through sharing of food, gifts, folklore narration and a sumptuous community feast. 
It is celebrated from the first of November till the 9th day. But, nowadays it is celebrated mainly on the 7th day of November marking the end of the harvest celebrations.

</doc>
<doc id="18615020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18615020" title="Remedy Club Tour – Live">
Remedy Club Tour – Live

Remedy Club Tour – Live is a second live album/DVD and eighth overall by American band David Crowder Band. The album was released on August 19, 2008. It was recorded live on the band's club tour across America, which took place after the release of their album "Remedy".
Awards.
In 2009, the album was nominated for a Dove Award for Recorded Music Packaging of the Year at the 40th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18615034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18615034" title="Wavell State High School">
Wavell State High School

Wavell State High School is a high school in Wavell Heights, Queensland, Australia, a suburb of Brisbane. 
Founded in 1959, it is named after the community where it is located, Wavell Heights. The suburb, in turn, is named after Field Marshal Archibald Percival Wavell, 1st Earl Wavell (5 May 1883 – 24 May 1950), a World War II veteran and former Viceroy of India.
Wavell state High school currently has about 1300 students and is an excellence school in Netball, Rugby League and Music

</doc>
<doc id="18615035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18615035" title="Jantzen Derrick">
Jantzen Derrick

Jantzen Derrick (born 10 January 1943 in Bristol) is a former English association football striker.
He started his career with Bristol City F.C., playing 259 matches and scoring 31 goals. He was loaned to Mansfield Town F.C. in the 1970-71 season. He then joined Paris SG in France for one year and became the first ever English player to do so, and came back to England at Bath City F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="18615042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18615042" title="Antero Olin">
Antero Olin

Olin's first drawing and painting teachers were prof. Unto Pusa and Urho Lauanne in Helsinki (1965–1969). He continued his studies in Lahti Finland (1967–1969), but only while studying in Stockholm (1970–71), in Royal Swedish Academy of Arts, he found, as a prinmaker, his artistcally and technically completed style of making his prints.
The teaching of the arts he began already in 1974 in the Finnish Academy of Fine Arts, where he stayed until 1983. Since he has continued teaching throughout the period of his career and played an active role within artists organisations.
Antero Olin's works were on public display at exhibition the first time in 1968. Since then, his works have been showed all over the world in hundreds of events, exhibitions and competitions. Similarly, his works are placed in most of the world's major collections.

</doc>
<doc id="18615054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18615054" title="Jack Taylor Gang">
Jack Taylor Gang

The Jack Taylor Gang (ca. 1884 to 1887) was an outlaw gang of the Old West which operated mostly in Arizona Territory and Mexico.
The gang was first organized by Jack Taylor, a minor outlaw with moderate skills in train robbery. This brought the gang to the attention of later famed Railroad Detective Jeff Milton, and Cochise County, Arizona Sheriff John Slaughter, under whom Milton was at that time working as a Deputy Sheriff. The gang built a reputation for being particularly cruel, and quick to shoot when confronted, and were wanted mainly for the murder of a train engineer in Sonora, and another train robbery in which they killed four passengers. In 1887, Sheriff Slaughter received information that several members of the gang were hiding out at the rural home of Flora Cardenas. However, by the time Slaughter and his posse had reached her house, the gang members, identified as Geronimo Miranda, Manuel Robles, Nieves Deron and Fred Federico, had fled.
Sheriff Slaughter and Jeff Milton tracked them to Contention City, Arizona, to the home of wood cutter Guadeloupe Robles, brother to Manuel Robles. Gang members Nieves Deron and Manuel Robles were hiding there, and without warning Sheriff Slaughter, Milton, and his deputies stormed the house. Guadeloupe Robles was shot dead by Slaughter, while Nieves Deron opened fire on Slaughter and his posse, with one bullet grazing Slaughter's ear lobe. The two gang members fled toward the rocks near the house, exchanging fire with the posse as they ran. Slaughter and two of his deputies shot and killed Deron, and shot and wounded Manuel Robles, who, though wounded, escaped into a thicket. During that same month, gang leader Jack Taylor was captured in Mexico by the Mexican Rurales, and sentenced to life in prison.
The remaining members of the gang, Manuel Robles, Geronimo Miranda and Fred Federico, were still at large. Robles had yet to fully recover from his gunshot wounds suffered in Contention City, and this was being hindered by his having to remain constantly on the move. Robles and Miranda were shot and killed during a gunbattle with the Mexican Rurales in the Sierra Madre Occidental mountains later in 1887. On August 12, 1888, gang member Fred Federico mistook Deputy Sheriff Cesario Lucero for Sheriff Slaughter, in a planned ambush. Federico shot and killed Deputy Lucero, and was captured shortly thereafter. He was hanged, and was the last of the Jack Taylor Gang.

</doc>
<doc id="18615061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18615061" title="Onchidal">
Onchidal

Onchidal is a naturally occurring toxin produced as a defensive secretion by the mollusc "Onchidella binneyi" and several other related species in "Onchidella",a genus of small, air-breathing sea slugs. It acts as an irreversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor, the same mechanism of action as that of the deadly nerve agents, however onchidal is not an organophosphorus or carbamate compound and bears little resemblance to other compounds of this nature.

</doc>
<doc id="18615065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18615065" title="River Dee, County Louth">
River Dee, County Louth

The River Dee is a river in Ireland, which springs near Bailieboro in County Cavan and flows in an easterly direction for over 30 miles through County Meath and County Louth before entering the River Glyde at the village of Annagassan. The Dee is a tributary of the River Glyde and has three main tributaries: the Killary River which joins south of Drumconrath, Co. Meath. The Gara River which joins west of Ardee, Co. Louth and the White River which joins north of Dunleer, Co Louth. There is one lake on the Dee called Whitewood Lake which is near Nobber, Co. Meath.
The Dee passes through towns such Nobber, Ardee, and Annagassan.

</doc>
<doc id="18615100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18615100" title="Miss Nepal 2002">
Miss Nepal 2002

The 8th Miss Nepal Pageant for 2002 was held at the Birendra International Convention Centre (BICC). There were protests by pro-women activists.
Malvika Subba was crowned Miss Nepal 2002 on December 7, 2002 at Birendra International Convention Center. Pinky Shah and Lhamo Yangchen Sherpa won the titles of 1st Runner up and 2nd Runner up respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18615106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18615106" title="Renard Epervier">
Renard Epervier

__NOTOC__
The Renard Epervier was a Belgian prototype single-seat all-metal fighter monoplane built by the brothers Renard for a government-sponsored design contest in 1928. The Epervier Type 2 was built and flown in 1928, being constructed by Belgian aircraft manufacturer Stampe et Vertongen. It carried an armament of two synchronised 7.7mm guns and was lost later in 1928 after failing to recover from a flat spin. A second prototype, the Epervier Type 2bis, introduced revised streamlined fairings for the cantilever mainwheel legs, mainwheel spats and cylinder aft-fairings and was built by SABCA (Société Anonyme Belge de Constructions Aéronautiques).
Operational history.
The Type 2bis was first demonstrated to the Belgian government in 1930 in an Aviation Militare order, however it was rejected in favour of the Fairey Firefly. Another design, the Epervier Type 3, was improved with a 480hp engine and was studied under government contract, but again was not built.

</doc>
