<doc id="18633253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633253" title="Eberhart F2G">
Eberhart F2G

__NOTOC__
The Eberhart XF2G was an American single-seat experimental ship-borne fighter developed for the United States Navy in 1928. It was a refit of the Eberhart FG after the Navy returned it in late 1927.
Development.
The F2G was essentially an improved FG. It had a new system of floats, both central and side-on, as well as a new Pratt & Whitney R-1340-D engine.
Operational history.
The XF2G-1 prototype was sent back to the Navy for testing at Anacostia in January 1922, but in March 1928 the plane crashed during trials. No further production ensued.

</doc>
<doc id="18633263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633263" title="Kunstterrorist">
Kunstterrorist

Kunstterrorist Organisation (from a German phrase "Kunst" meaning "Art"), aka KTOrg, is a radical art collective from Croatia founded by graphic designer/artist Filip Filkovic.
Art.
KTOrg is probably best known for the controversial political art works created by its founder, Filip Filkovic. Filkovic was also involved in the making of art pieces for the Cautese Nationál Postal Disservice project founded by James Cauty of The KLF. Together with Cauty, Filkovic created some of the works in 2007 and 2008 until the final closure of CNPD. According to the official website of Kunstterrorist Organisation, all the works ever created and published via their web shop hold direct reference to popular culture via dystopian and counterculture themes, and also directly criticizes the world government's policies and the erosion of freedom. Along with limited edition printed works, Filkovic also produces Cinderella stamp artwork. During the C2 exhibition in Zagreb in 2008, Filkovic published a number of highly controversial works which reflected the popular culture and criticised Croatian high officials. His work "iVo", which features Croatian prime minister Ivo Sanader wearing iPod headphones, was a well-discussed work in the media and gathered a number of positive reactions. In addition to "iVo" as an artwork, KTOrg announced that "iVo" (now a fictional character in the fictional monarchy "Counterculture Monarchy of Discordianism") was to be elected president of the monarchy. For that purpose, a fictional website was set up at www.ivoforpresident.com.
Multimedia activism.
Along with guerilla activism, members of KTOrg are involved in music production, known as "Kunstterrorist Audio Noize". The audio tracks are released via the British anti-label Death to Music. The band consists of six members and the music varies in genre from electronica to punk/rock and gabba. The members of Kunstterrorist Audio Noize also created a number of remixes for other bands.
Characteristics.
KTOrg draws influence from and constantly references the culture jamming movement in art, activism and music. The organisation also strongly supports Copyleft and Free Culture Movement and apparently (according to their official web site) is giving away everything it has ever created for free on December 12, 2012. KTOrg's work also references discordianism as a major influence. The discordianism references are most obvious in the organization's frequent newsletters and the information given on its official web page.
Counterculture Monarchy of Discordianism.
Members of KTOrg claim that they are settled in a fictional country they call the "Counterculture Monarchy of Discordianism" (www.cmdland.com). Members claim to have created the fictional country purely for copyright reasons. In 2008, cmdland.com published several fake company websites that looked like they were real corporate web pages. The launch of these fake websites was described in the official KTOrg newsletter as "The beginning of something wonderful".

</doc>
<doc id="18633267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633267" title="Axinella">
Axinella

Axinella is a genus of sponges in the family Axinellidae. Species of "Axinella" occur in the Indian and Pacific Oceans. Most of these sponges are smaller than 20 cm, and have a yellow or orange colour.

</doc>
<doc id="18633272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633272" title="Kaviyoor Mahadevar Temple">
Kaviyoor Mahadevar Temple

</gallery>
Kaviyoor Mahadevar Temple is a Hindu temple in Kaviyoor, Pathanamthitta District, Kerala, India. It is commonly called Thrikkaviyoor Mahadeva Temple. The main deities are Lord Mahadeva (Shiva with Parvathi) and Lord Hanuman. Kaviyoor Temple is one of the important Siva Temples in Kerala. This is also one of the Important temples under the Travancore Devaswom Board.
History.
Kaviyoor Mahadevar Temple has a unique style of architecture and is one of the oldest temples in Kerala. It is believed to have been constructed in the early years of the 10th century. According to the main legend, this temple belongs to (Threthayuga). But the actual time of construction is not known.
Kaviyoor Mahadeva Temple is also known as Hanuman Temple . As per legends the main Idol was installed by Lord Sri Rama in the presence of Sita, Hanuman, sugreeva and vibheeshana in threthayuga on his return to Ayodhya after defeating Ravana. It is traditionally known as the most prominent Hanuman temple in South India.
There are two inscriptions on the basement of the main sanctum dated 950-951 AD. The Sasanaas are surely an addition, since they were written after the temple was constructed. See 'Kaviyoor' Kaviyoor#History
The temple was administered by Ten Brahmin families known as Pathillathil potties and was took over by the Travancore State Government in the year 1899. As per records The Kaviyoor Temple Takeover had added a huge wealth to the Travancore treasury since the take-over of more than 2500 temples in the ME 976 (about 100 ago before the kaviyoor temple accession), by Col. Monroe. The Take over/ accession of ME 976 has yielded more than 1,600,000 acres of land and almost 50,000 rupees money to the Traqvancore Treasury (at that time the Travancore King has accessed several major temples of Travancore state including own Sri Padmanabha Temple of Thiruvananthapuram along with the famous Temples of Kanyakumari, Sucheendram, Thiruvattar, Varkala, Harippad, Ampalappuzha, Thiruvalla, Chengannur, Aranmula, Ettumanoor & Vaikom). In fact, The Kaviyoor Temple was acceded to the Travancore State as the 12th First class Major Temple with its enormous wealth, including tens of thousands of acres of fertile lands, tens of thousands of rupees and the huge collection of worthy treasures.
Architecture.
It stands on a small hillock and is built in the gable style architecture peculiar to Kerala. It is one of the earliest structural temples of Kerala.
Several historians, like Stella Kramrich has this opinion. The perfect round Sreekovil with Sandhara style and its peculiar basement clarifies this opinion.
The temple with its copper covered roof, golden flag mast and the eighteen steps at the eastern entrance, is one of the most beautiful temples in Kerala. The balickalpura, vaathilmaadam, namaskara mandapam and sreekoivil( sanctum) of this temple are decorated with wood carvings. These sculptures belongs to late sixteenth or early seventeenth century. These carvings are based on puranic texts like Mahabharata and Ramayana. The wood work of this temple was done by local sculptors, belonging to Thekkethil family. Each and every part of this temple radiates architectural splendor. All the 44 Rafter shoes of the main prakara( Sreekoil) is covered with beautifully crafted rafter shoes. The 36 rafters of the Namaskara Mandapam were also covered with rafter shoes, but these pieces are now missing. The Temple has a huge collection of precious ornaments which also shows the artistic excellence of the sculptors of Kaviyoor. These include Swarna prabhamandalam, Golden Nettippattams and ezhunnallippu chatams, Golden pots, Golden Reliefs of Deities, Golden Umbrellas, Golden Chains and Several materials with precious gems. Lord Ganapathi, Lord Ayyappan and Lord Vishnu are also installed inside the temple complex.
Festivals.
The temple festival is held in December–January of every year. Hanuman Jayanthi, the birth anniversary of Lord Hanuman is also celebrated along with the temple festival.
Offering.
The main offering to Hanuman at this temple include Aval Nivedyam and Vadamala. One have to make take a recipt from the receipt counter before making the offering. Aval Nadyam is given on demand while Vadamala is given after a month or so due to the large number of offerings per day.
Other common offerings like Ganapati Homan and other Hindu rituals are also offered in this Temple.

</doc>
<doc id="18633274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633274" title="Taxation as slavery">
Taxation as slavery

Taxation as slavery is the belief that taxation results in an unfree society in which individuals are forced to work to enrich the government and the recipients of largesse, rather than for their own benefit.
Historically, the earliest and most widespread form of taxation was the corvée, which can be traced back to the beginning of civilization. The corvée was state-imposed forced labour on peasants too poor to pay other forms of taxation ("labour" in ancient Egyptian is a synonym for taxes).
Gail Buckley also notes, "In British eyes, the American colonies existed only for the benefit of the mother country, but Americans saw any form of taxation as slavery." Anarchists are some of the foremost proponents of the argument that taxation is equivalent to slavery. The International Society for Individual Liberty has made this claim, as has Bureaucrash, which refers to Social Security as "social slavery." George Mason University professor Thomas Rustici uses two hypothetical anecdotes to illustrate this point. In the first, Sam Slime mugs a person for £50. In the second, Sam Slime votes for a politician who taxes a person in order to redistribute £50 to the "disadvantaged" Slime. Both examples involve the use of force. However, the second scenario is arguably worse, since through the state, Slime is now empowered to repeatedly take others' money, thus putting them in a condition of slavery. Leo Tolstoy argued that taxation of labor is one of three stages of slavery (the other two being "land slavery" and "personal slavery").

</doc>
<doc id="18633300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633300" title="Neighbor Mountain">
Neighbor Mountain

Neighbor Mountain is a mountain in Page and Rappahannock Counties, Virginia, near the city of Luray. It is part of the Blue Ridge Mountains. Its summit lies in Page County, within Shenandoah National Park.
Geology.
Geologically speaking, the mountain is situated in the northern subprovince of the Blue Ridge Province of the Appalachian Highlands. It is part of the Crystalline Appalachians. Neighbor Mountain is separated from parallel Knob Mountain to the west by a stream known as Jeremy's Run.
Political Boundaries.
The crest of the northern arm of Neighbor Mountain forms part of the border between Page and Rappahanock Counties. Page County is to the west of the ridge, whereas Rappahannock County is to the east. As the mountain curves south-west, the county border follows the topographical spine of the Blue Ridge from Neighbor Mountain onto Pass Mountain to the south, and the south-western arm lies entirely within Page County. On this south-western arm are a series of knobs known as "Three Sisters."
Visiting Neighbor Mountain.
Neighbor Mountain is accessible via Skyline Drive, which runs along the ridge of the mountain's northern arm. The Appalachian Trail also runs parallel to Skyline Drive along this part of the mountain. The south-western arm of the mountain is accessible from the Appalachian Trail via the Neighbor Mountain Trail. Skyline Drive offers two scenic overlooks on the mountain. Jeremy's Run Overlook is situated on the northern arm, while Thornton Hollow Overlook is situated near the summit.

</doc>
<doc id="18633301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633301" title="John Harvey (footballer)">
John Harvey (footballer)

John Harvey (born unknown in Scotland died 19??) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland as a Midfielder.
Cub career.
He made his debut for Sunderland on 18 January 1890 against Blackburn Rovers in the FA Cup first round, Sunderland lost the game 4–2 after extra time at Leamington Road. Harvey played for Sunderland during two spells in 1889–91 and 1892–97 respectively with a short stay at Clyde. In 1893 he won the Football League Championship with Sunderland, overall, at his time at Sunderland he made 94 league appearances scoring 10 goals. Harvey joined Newcastle United from Sunderland in 1897 and made his debut against Woolwich Arsenal F.C. on 4 September 1897 in a 4–1 win. He retired from football in 1900 to become a trainer at St James' Park, where he had made 35 appearances scoring 10 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18633309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633309" title="Suzanne Tamim">
Suzanne Tamim

Suzanne Tamim (, September 23, 1977 – July 28, 2008) was a Lebanese singer who rose to fame in the Arab world after winning the top prize in the popular "Studio El Fan" television show in 1996. She was murdered brutally in Dubai in July 2008. She was born and raised to a Sunni Lebanese family.
Biography.
Tamim's career was marred by rumours of a troubled private life. News about her divorce from her first husband, Ali Muzannar, flooded the Arab media. Tamim later married Lebanese impresario and producer Adel Matouk, who became her manager. Once they divorced, Tamim was thought to have fled from her home in Beirut to Egypt after Matouk filed a series of lawsuits against her, charging her with embezzlement, fraud, slander, and libel. Reports say she disappeared from public view in Cairo, Egypt in 2007 and was thought to be living in Dubai's exclusive Jumeirah district.
Musical career.
After winning a Gold Medal on "Studio El Fan", she was hailed not only for her beauty but also for a voice that was equally suited to pop tunes and classical Arabic melodies. Tamim's last album was produced in 2002 by Rotana and called "Saken Alby". It went on to establish sales records. Her last song, "Lovers", recorded in 2006, was dedicated to the memory of slain Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri.
Death.
Suzanne Tamim was found murdered in her apartment in Dubai on July 28, 2008. Although it was reported that she had been beheaded, the lawyer of her former husband revealed that her death certificate indicates her throat was slit. At the time of her death, she had reportedly been married to Iraqi-born British kickboxing champion Riyadh Al-Azzawi for about 18 months.
Murder Trials.
On September 2, 2008, prominent Egyptian businessman and lawmaker in the Shura Council Hisham Talaat Moustafa was arrested in Cairo. The son of Egyptian tycoon Talaat Mostafa, Hisham Moustafa was charged with paying a hitman, Mohsen al-Sukkari, to have Tamim killed. On May 21, 2009, Moustafa and al-Sukkari were found guilty of Tamim's murder and capital punishment by hanging in Cairo. An Egyptian court confirmed their sentences on June 25, 2009. However, on March 4, 2010, the Supreme Constitutional Court of Egypt threw out the convictions and sentences against the two convicts and ordered their retrial on a legal technicality. After the retrial, Moustafa was sentenced to 15 years. His co-defendant, al-Sukkari, had his sentence reduced to life in prison. There were reports that Moustafa had escaped from prison during the 2011 Egyptian protests.
Al-Sukkari, the alleged hitman, was a 39-year-old former policeman from Egypt. He was arrested as the alleged murderer in early August in Cairo. Al-Sukkari, whose name was being withheld, was said to have died in police custody soon after his arrest; however, the police subsequently produced him publicly. The alleged killer — who had apparently confessed to the murder - denied any connection to her death. Al-Sukkari was subsequently indicted, along with Moustafa, on charges of murder and for allegedly receiving $2 million from Moustafa for the killing.
Although Egyptian newspapers initially reported freely about the death, once the case was linked to the businessman the Attorney General forbade reporting about the case. An edition of a newspaper that defied the order was confiscated. Five Egyptian journalists were also charged with breaching the gag order during the trial.

</doc>
<doc id="18633320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633320" title="Scuola Superiore Studi Pavia IUSS">
Scuola Superiore Studi Pavia IUSS

The Scuola Superiore IUSS or the "Istituto Universitario di Studi Superiori" of Pavia (Eng. "IUSS - School for Advanced Studies") is a higher learning institute located in Pavia, Italy.
The Scuola Superiore IUSS was founded in 1997 by the University of Pavia - one of the most ancient universities in the world - the Borromeo College and the Ghislieri College, and it is supported by the Italian Minister of Education. The IUSS reunites all the five university colleges of Pavia, forming the Pavia Study System, including the Collegio Borromeo and the Collegio Ghislieri, founded in the 17th century. There are only three comparable institutions in Italy: the Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa, the Sant'Anna School of Advanced Studies and the IUSS. An advanced teaching and research model the mission of IUSS is that of contributing to the growth of a small number of selected students by offering them, at any step of their higher education, qualified programs enhancing their capabilities and knowledge in a strong interdisciplinary approach. 
Areas of research.
Four different areas of research are developed at the Scuola Superiore IUSS Pavia providing a strong international network of scientists:
Courses.
Three types of courses are offered:

</doc>
<doc id="18633323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633323" title="Stock animation">
Stock animation

Stock animation is a term being used more often in the creative world. Stock animation operates on the same business model as stock photography or stock footage.
Stock animation is fast becoming a popular choice for selecting animation clips for use in multimedia, broadcast or web projects. Anyone looking for help with a project that needs animation can use stock animation. Stock animation has grown in popularity due to the increasing reach of the Internet and television. 
Animation projects can be time consuming and require a lot of creative output. With this being the case, the use of stock animation helps reduce the time and aids in increasing creativity required for completing an animation project. Stock animation is often the start for a project, as far as an animator is considered. Stock animation also goes well with other creative elements. One can use stock animation for video or web site backgrounds, making certain sequences more interesting to view.
Stock animation comes in different formats like flash, high definition or QuickTime. 
Although there are different formats of stock animation, one can choose the right one suitable for one's project. One can get extensive information on stock information and the different types of software used through online resources.

</doc>
<doc id="18633325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633325" title="Allen-Babcock">
Allen-Babcock

Allen-Babcock Computing 
"Allen-Babcock Computing was founded in Los Angeles in 1964. The company was established by James Babcock and Michael Jane Allen Babcock to take advantage of the fast-growing market for computer time-sharing services." 
In 1966 the company developed "RUSH" Users of Shared Hardware, an interactive dialect of PL/I. 
Between 1965 and 1966 they developed CPS Programming System, a timesharing system that ran under OS/360, under contract to IBM. 
"In 1969 Allen-Babcock held a 3 percent share of the time-sharing services market along with other companies such as Call-A-Computer, Com-Share, Tym Share, and Adams Associates." 
In 1975 Allen-Babcock was acquired by Tymshare. 

</doc>
<doc id="18633328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633328" title="The Romantic Spirit">
The Romantic Spirit

The Romantic Spirit is a ©1982 British documentary television series in 14 episodes about the Romantic movement in Western culture. The series is an Anglo-French-German production presented by R.M. Productions (Film & Television) Ltd. and FR3, devised by Marcel Brion of the Académie Française, with the executive producers being Michèle Arnaud and Theodore Salata.
The English-language version, by Landseer Film & Television Productions, London, is written by Carla Heffner, adapted for television by Judy Marle, with the production supervisor being Terri Winders, and introduced and narrated by Anthony Andrews, from the house of John Keats, Hampstead, London.
Individual episodes of the series cover sundry Romantic themes and topics.
The series was broadcast in North America on the A&E Network from 1985 until 1991.
Episode Titles.
1. "The Romantic Explosion" by Jean-Louis Fournier - Anthony Andrews profiles writers and painters of the 18th- and 19th-century Romantic Movement.
2. "Blood, Sea & Sand" by Michel Pamart - The paintings of Delacroix, Turner and Goya illustrate Romanticism in nature.
3. "Paradise Lost" by Jean-Louis Fournier - Poems by Wordsworth and Goethe illustrate the theme of wild, pure nature as freedom.
4. "The Romantic Hero" by Michel Pamart - The ideals of poets Byron and Chateaubriand reflect the Romantic concept of poet as hero.
5. "The Romantic Journey" by Bernard Guillon - An examination of Goethe's 'Faust,' including readings, illustrates the Romantic view of life as a voyage of discovery.
6. "Battle of the Stage" by Jean-Louis Fournier - Plays of Schiller and Kleist depict the Romantic philosophy of the hero as a renegade.
7. "Night" by Daniel Lander - Dreams influence the Romantic artists.
8. "Triumph of Death" by Jean-Louis Fournier - The 'art' of death influences Romantic writers.
9. "The Golden Age" by Hans S. Lampe - Works by Blake and Keats illustrate the Romantic yearning for a return to a free and peaceful 'Golden Age.'
10. "Music of the Soul" by Patrick Meunier- The music of Beethoven, Schubert, Schumann, and Liszt expresses the deeper emotions.
11. "Romantic Women" by Jochen Richter - Female writers participate in the Romantic movement, including Mary Shelley (author of "Frankenstein"), Karoline von Günderrode, the sisters Brontë, and Georges Sand.
12. "Victor Hugo & The Romantic Century" by Yvon Gerault - Poet, novelist and playwright Victor Hugo personifies the Romantic era.
13. "The Triumph of Romanticism?" by Daniel Lander - The Romantic movement in Paris pits intellectuals against aristocracy.
14. "The Romantic Heritage" by Jean-Louis Fournier - Romanticism of the 19th century influences the 20th.

</doc>
<doc id="18633358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633358" title="Dave Carroll">
Dave Carroll

David Francis "Dave" Carroll (born 20 September 1966 in Paisley, Scotland) is a former footballer who spent 14 seasons at Wycombe Wanderers. An attacking midfielder, Carroll played more than 600 first-team games for Wycombe in all competitions, and scored exactly 100 goals. He was nicknamed "Jesus" by the Wycombe supporters.
Carroll joined Wycombe, then a recently promoted Conference side, in the summer of 1988, having previously played for Ruislip Manor of the Isthmian League. He went on to become a key member of the Wycombe side that won promotion to Football League in 1993. The following season, Wycombe won a second successive promotion as Carroll scored twice in Wycombe's 4-2 victory against Preston in the playoff final at Wembley.
In November 1997, Carroll was rewarded for his long service to the Chairboys with a testimonial match against Leicester City. Near the end of his career at Adams Park, no longer a first-team regular, Carroll played the final ten minutes of Wycombe's famous FA Cup semi-final against Liverpool in 2001.
In March 2002, Carroll left Wycombe on a free transfer to join Aldershot Town. He spent eight months at Aldershot, and finished his career at Windsor & Eton.
Dave Carroll now works as Manager for Space Station plc.

</doc>
<doc id="18633362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633362" title="Divine Food">
Divine Food

Divine Food: 100 Years in the Kosher Delicatessen Trade is a 1998 documentary about how immigrant butcher Isaac Oscherwitz became the patriarch of a kosher food mega-corporation that still feeds Jews across America. The film reveals the step-by-step, behind-the-scenes process of butchering kosher meat, and also looks into the lives of the Oscherwitz family through personal interviews, family stories, and archival home videos.
Summary.
Born in Germany, Isaac Oscherwitz was a butcher who emigrated to America in the 1880s because of oppression and poverty. When he arrived in Cincinnati, he started his own sausage factory, which created jobs and a delicious product for the city’s surprisingly well-populated Jewish community. But the Oscherwitzes also established their public face to the community through a family-run storefront shop, where they sold their meats and other classic Jewish delicacies. Decades later, Isaac’s five sons extended the business to Chicago, which had become the center of the meat packing industry, and today the Oscherwitz family is responsible for well-known brands such as Best Kosher, Shofar, and Sinai.
This familial intimacy extends beyond the immediate family members to the way they treat everyone involved in the business, from factory workers to customers. “I don’t think my husband ever felt like his customers were his customers,” one woman says, “they were his friends.” Another man, who took a job with the Oscherwitzes after he lost everything to the Holocaust, speaks highly of his employers. “It was such a family feeling,” he explaining how warm and welcoming his coworkers have been.
The appeal of a family-owned product helped make the Oscherwitz brand popular, but fiscal success also jeopardized the family-run nature of the business. Before the swell of success, business meetings between the Oscherwitz brothers were a literal yelling contest, where arguments were won by the most powerful voice and, despite all the screaming, everyone left on good terms. But a big business couldn’t run in the same way. The documentary shares the Oscherwitzes’ inside struggles to keep their booming business family-run and shows the effects on everyone when they were bought out by a subsidiary of the Sara Lee Corporation
See also.
Other documentaries about Jewish-Americans:

</doc>
<doc id="18633367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633367" title="Trickside">
Trickside

Trickside was an American pop duo from New York City.
History.
Trickside was composed of brothers Jeff Mendelsohn and Dave Mendelsohn of New York City. The name "Trickside" came from a childhood playing card game. The band's single "Under You" was included on the soundtrack to the film "On the Line", and reached #27 on the Billboard Adult Top 40 charts. Marcos Siega shot the music video for the song.

</doc>
<doc id="18633374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633374" title="David O'Gorman">
David O'Gorman

David Leo O'Gorman (c. 1865 – 1945) was an Irish politician. He was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1923 general election. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the June 1927 general election as a Farmers' Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork East constituency. He lost his seat at the September 1927 general election.
O'Gorman was a native of Youghal. At the time of his election as a TD, he was a member of the governing body of University College Cork and chairman of Cork County Council.
In 1933, O'Gorman was vice-chairman of Cork County Council and lived at Janeville, Fermoy, County Cork. 
In April 1941, he was chairman of Cork County Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18633398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633398" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Dharmapuri">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dharmapuri

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Dharmapuri () is a diocese located in the city of Dharmapuri in the Ecclesiastical province of Pondicherry and Cuddalore in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18633407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633407" title="La verità in cimento">
La verità in cimento

La verità in cimento (; "Truth in Contention") is an opera by Antonio Vivaldi to a libretto by Giovanni Palazzi. The opera, Vivaldi's 13th, was premiered during the Carnival at Venice in 1720. The work is dedicated to Count Sava Vladislavich, a Russian legate who resided in Venice from 1716 to 1722. The work is listed as RV 739 in the Vivaldi catalogue.
Synopsis.
Mamud had two sons, one by his favourite Damira and one by the Sultana Rustena. He had them exchanged at birth, so that Melindo, in truth the son of Damira, is thought to be the legitimate heir, a position rightfully held by Zelim. When marriage is proposed between Melindo and Rosane, the heiress to another Sultanate (who is in fact beloved by Zelim), Mamud resolves to reveal the true state of affairs. After various twists and turns, Zelim inherits the larger portion of his empire, while Melindo contents himself with a secondary kingdom (Rosane's country) and is allowed to marry the fickle princess Rosane. This leaves everyone satisfied.

</doc>
<doc id="18633414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633414" title="Paul Kaye (broadcaster)">
Paul Kaye (broadcaster)

Paul Kaye (born Paul Kazarine on 17 February 1934 – 4 November 1980) was a British radio broadcaster from Barnstaple in North Devon.
Biography.
After leaving school, he worked in repertory theatre and in 1952, became stage manager to a theatre company in Nairobi. He volunteered for the Kenyan police and saw active service during the Mau Mau emergency. He began working on the country's radio network and later broadcast in both Cyprus and Canada. 
Radio work.
Kaye was a DJ and head of news on the pirate radio station Radio London and was the first voice to be heard on the station in 1964.
Radio London was the first of the UK pirate stations to operate a news service and Paul Kaye was the news chief. His bulletins were on the half-hour, which conveniently gave him just enough time to re-write the BBC news which was broadcast on the hour. 
Paul also presented programmes, especially in the early months of the station, and his theme was ""Town Talk"" by Ken Woodman and his Piccadilly Brass, a tune later used on the BBC by Jimmy Young. In August 1967, the Marine Offences Act became law and the first voice on Radio London became the last as Paul closed the station down. 
Kaye later went on to present for Radio Luxembourg, followed by a syndicated Jazz programme for Radio Hallam, Radio Tees and Pennine Radio.
Television work.
Throughout the 1970s, Kaye was a continuity announcer for Yorkshire Television working alongside Radio London colleagues John Crosse and Earl Richmond as well as Redvers Kyle, Keith Martin and Terry Davis. 
Death.
Kaye died on 4 November 1980 aged 46.

</doc>
<doc id="18633428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633428" title="Progress in Community Health Partnerships">
Progress in Community Health Partnerships

Progress in Community Health Partnerships: Research, Education, and Action is a peer-reviewed medical journal published quarterly by the Johns Hopkins University Press. In each issue, one article is selected for a “Beyond the Manuscript” podcast. All original research articles contain a Community/Policy brief, which describes key findings and recommendations in language accessible to non-researchers. The journal recruits at least one individual from outside academe to be among the peer reviewers for a submitted manuscript.

</doc>
<doc id="18633430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633430" title="Crotalus mitchellii pyrrhus">
Crotalus mitchellii pyrrhus

Crotalus mitchellii pyrrhus is a venomous pitviper subspecies found in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico. A medium-sized snake, it is found mostly in rocky country, active at night and feeding on small mammals. The coloration is variable and depends on the color of the rocks and soil of the habitat.
Description.
Adults grow to an average length of , but may sometimes exceed .
The color pattern is variable, depending on the color of the rocks and soil of the habitat. The snake's ground color may be pink, brown, gray, yellow or nearly white, and speckled with black and white. The pattern (if present) may consist of rhombs, bands or blotches. The tail is ringed.
Common names.
Southwestern speckled rattlesnake, bleached rattlesnake, Mitchell's rattlesnake, pale rattler, pallid rattlesnake, red rattlesnake, speckled rattlesnake, white rattlesnake.
Geographic range.
Found in the United States in southern California, southern Nevada, southwestern Utah and western Arizona. Also found in Mexico in northwestern Sonora and northern Baja California. No type locality was included in Cope's original 1867 description. Coues "In" Wheeler (1875) lists it as "Cañon Prieto, a locality near Fort Whipple [Yavapai County], Arizona."
Habitat.
Rocky country, including rocky hillsides and canyons, talus slopes and rock ledges. In southern California, these snakes have sometimes been found in chaparral or cactus country, but usually never stray far from the rocks that provide its usual shelter. Not exclusively a rock dweller, they have also been observed emerging from mammal burrows at dusk. The species has been found at elevations of more than .
Behavior.
Primarily nocturnal, these snakes shelter in rock crevices and mammal burrows during the heat of the day. They become more diurnal during the cooler months of the year.
Feeding.
The diet consists mostly of small mammals, although birds and lizards are also taken, the latter especially by juveniles. There is one report of a large specimen that contained a nearly grown cottontail rabbit ("Sylvilagus auduboni sanctidiegi"). Another report describes a specimen that had eaten eight birds, most likely goldfinches, that had been attracted to a small fountain installed as a bird bath at a desert camp.
Reproduction.
Ovoviviparous, with females giving birth to as many as 12 live young. Neonates are long and prey mostly on lizards.
Venom.
Hartnett (1931) describes a case of a man who was bitten on his left thumb. Aside from the sharp stab of the fangs being embedded, there was no pain until after an incision had been made and antivenin had been administered. There was then severe pain that lasted for about an hour after the bite, followed eventually by much discoloration and swelling, his fingers looking like red bananas. His fingers and wrist were covered with blebs and his palm with one large blister.
In another case, a man was bitten on his heel, through his overalls and a sock. At first, the sensation was like being stuck by a thorn, with only a drop of blood at fang mark. After 45 minutes and a walk, a tourniquet was applied and an incision made. Four hours later, his calf was considerably swollen and discolored, which was later followed by pain in the groin. Further symptoms were obscured by the treatment and an uneventful recovery was made.

</doc>
<doc id="18633450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633450" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Kumbakonam">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kumbakonam

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kumbakonam () is a diocese located in the city of Kumbakonam in the Ecclesiastical province of Pondicherry and Cuddalore in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18633469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633469" title="Sinusoidal spiral">
Sinusoidal spiral

In geometry, the sinusoidal spirals are a family of curves defined by the equation in polar coordinates
where "a" is a nonzero constant and "n" is a rational number other than 0. With a rotation about the origin, this can also be written
The term "spiral" is a misnomer, because they are not actually spirals, and often have a flower-like shape. Many well known curves are sinusoidal spirals including:
The curves were first studied by Colin Maclaurin.
Equations.
Differentiating
and eliminating "a" produces a differential equation for "r" and θ:
Then
which implies that the polar tangential angle is 
and so the tangential angle is 
The unit tangent vector,
has length one, so comparing the magnitude of the vectors on each side of the above equation gives
In particular, the length of a single loop when formula_10 is:
The curvature is given by
Properties.
The inverse of a sinusoidal spiral with respect to a circle with center at the origin is another sinusoidal spiral whose value of "n" is the negative of the original curve's value of "n". For example, the inverse of the lemniscate of Bernoulli is a hyperbola.
The isoptic, pedal and negative pedal of a sinusoidal spiral are different sinusoidal spirals. 
One path of a particle moving according to a central force proportional to a power of "r" is a sinusoidal spiral.
When "n" is an integer, and "n" points are arranged regularly on a circle of radius "a", then the set of points so that the geometric mean of the distances from the point to the n points is a sinusoidal spiral. In this case the sinusoidal spiral is a polynomial lemniscate

</doc>
<doc id="18633473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633473" title="Let Me">
Let Me

"Let Me" is a song written by Marc Beeson and Danny Orton, and recorded by American country music singer Pat Green. It was released in June 2008 as the lead-off single from his album "What I'm For", which was released on January 27, 2009. The song peaked at #12 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart, becoming his second highest-charting single, behind 2003's "Wave on Wave", which peaked at #3.
Content.
"Let Me" is a mid-tempo ballad in which the narrator promises to offer emotional support to the one that he loves.
Describing the song in a cut-by-cut synopsis of the album on Sony BMG Nashville's website, Green said that he liked the melody of the chorus (which contains multiple repetitions of the same note). He also said that the song drew his attention because it was a love song that did not explicitly use the word "love".
Reception.
The song received a "thumbs down" review from the country music site The 9513. Reviewer Brady Vercher criticized the song for being overproduced and trying to "garner radio success than pushing both and the producer's boundaries to create something worthwhile." He also thought that vocally, Green got "lost" in the song and was unable to add any personality to the delivery. "Washington Post" critic Chris Richards said that Green's vocal delivery did not "sit right" in the "slow-burn" of the song, and Joey Guerra of the "Houston Chronicle" called it "stock country loverboy stuff."

</doc>
<doc id="18633478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633478" title="Laeta Kalogridis">
Laeta Kalogridis

Laeta Elizabeth Kalogridis (born August 30, 1965) is an American screenwriter and an executive producer. She is a graduate of Davidson College in Davidson, NC and University of Texas at Austin and attended UCLA's prestigious film school. She has written scripts for "Alexander" (2004), "Night Watch" (2006 in U.S.), "Pathfinder" (2007) and "Shutter Island" (2010). She has also served as an executive producer for the television series "Birds of Prey" and "Bionic Woman". She is also the founder of the pro-union website Hollywood United and was involved as a peacemaker in the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike.
Other writing roles.
Laeta Kalogridis wrote a spec script about Joan of Arc titled "In Nomine Dei". She sold the script to Warner Bros. in April 1994, but a film was not produced. Kalogridis has also been involved in writing the following planned films:
Involvement with strike.
Laeta Kalogridis became involved as a peacemaker in the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike, working with writers and producers to reach a solution. "The New York Times" reported her involvement, "Ms. Kalogridis and her friends... had become a pipeline to the guild members holding out for sizable gains, whose support would be needed if any deal was to be reached."

</doc>
<doc id="18633480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633480" title="Karl von Haimhausen">
Karl von Haimhausen

Karl von Haimhausen (originally Aymausen) (b. at Munich, of a noble Bavarian family, 28 May 1692; d. in Chile, 7 April 1767) was a German Jesuit theologian and missionary.
Life.
On 20 October 1702, he entered the Society of Jesus, and, in 1724, went as a missionary to Chile. He was a professor of theology and for many years rector of the Collegium Maximum at Santiago. Chile having been constituted an independence province of the order in 1624, Father Haimhausen was made provincial procurator, master of novices, and instructor. He acted as confessor to Spanish bishops and the viceroy.
Haimhausen completed the college church in Santiago, and built a novitiate establishment and two houses for spiritual retreats, with churches attached to them. He als promoted local economic and industrial development. Haimhausen founded an arts-and-crafts school at Calera, near Santiago, with assistance from Germany. Here the ateliers of the bell-founder, the watchmaker and the goldsmith, the organ-builder and the furniture maker, and the studios of the painter and sculptor turned out products not before made in Chile.
References.
Two letters of Haimhausen are published in the "Welt-Bott", nos. 203 and 776. The manuscript of an apologia for the Society of Jesus, written in 1755, was found in the archives of the Foreign Office at Santiago.

</doc>
<doc id="18633499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633499" title="General Film Company">
General Film Company

The General Film Company was a motion picture distribution company in the United States. Between 1909 and 1920, the company distributed almost 12,000 silent era motion pictures. 
The General Film Company was formed by the Motion Picture Patents Company (MPPC) in an attempt to monopolize distribution. In 1909, the General Film Company tried to seize the equipment of independent distribution companies to discourage their activities. Using their control over several film patents, the General Film Company and MPPC tried to force independent distribution companies to sell out or lose their patent licenses. Competing organizations, such as the Motion Picture Distributing and Sales Company, the National Independent Moving Picture Alliance and the Film Service Association, emerged to challenge the trust. By 1912, the power of the General Film Company had declined and the U.S. Justice Department started prosecution of the MPPC and the General Film Company under the Sherman Act. 
On March 30, 1918, the General Film Company was sold, along with the MPPC, to the Lincoln & Parker Film Company of Massachusetts. Thomas Edison reacquired these assets when the Lincoln & Parker Company went bankrupt, and sold them to producer Robert L. Giffen in October 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18633542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633542" title="Urban Design Group">
Urban Design Group

Urban Design Group (UDG) is a professional architectural, interior, planning and urban designservices firm. The firm offers services from their studios in Atlanta, Georgia, and Dallas, Texas. 
Organizational background.
Urban Design Group was founded in 1975, by John M. Novack, Jr., after leaving his position as Design Director at C. F. Murphy Associates of Chicago. The organization has grown steadily since 1975, having designed several urban projects, including Rivercenter in San Antonio, Texas; One Tabor Center in Denver, Colorado; Disney's Wilderness Lodge in Orlando, Florida; and Carlson Center in Minnetonka, Minnesota.
Urban Design Group is managed with a studio approach. Each office functions as an independent studio within the larger firm. 
The firm has completed more than $4.5 billion work of projects worldwide.
Further reading.
iiBaxter, L. (1988) A Sense of Place. Identity.<br>
iiiDivision of Urban Design of the University of Colorado College of Design and Planning, Award of Honor, Tabor Center, 1985.<br>
ivIdeal Places: Rockefeller Visions for America, featuring Tabor Center. 5th Annual Honor Awards.<br>
vGaskie, M. (1989). Just Add Water. Architectural Record, 100.<br>
viJohnson, C. (1983). Tulsa’s Union Depot. Oklahoma Home and Garden. 15.<br>
viiSculley, S.W. (2003). Musing on an ‘American’ Architecture. Urban Design Group: Selected and Current Works, The Master Architect Series, 8.<br>
viiiMorris, D.L. (1996). The Wilderness World of Disney. Log Home Living, 59<br>
xiCommercial and Retail Development (2001). Galleria 400. Georgia Construction Review: Atlanta Edition, 26.<br>
xBruegmann, R. (1989). The Corporate Landscape. Inland Architect. (reprint)

</doc>
<doc id="18633544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633544" title="Kramer Electronics, Ltd.">
Kramer Electronics, Ltd.

Kramer Electronics is a company that designs, manufactures and distributes signal management products for analog and digital video signals, audio signals, computer graphics video signals and control signals which are used in the professional AV, broadcast and production and residential AV markets worldwide.
Locations.
The company headquarters is in Jerusalem, Israel, and has corporate sales and distribution offices around the world in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, the United Kingdom, Belgium, France, Spain, Germany, Italy, Sweden, Poland, Russia, Israel, India, China, Singapore, Japan, Korea and Australia.
Products.
The Kramer line consists of over 1000 products and includes distribution amplifiers, line drivers, switchers, matrix switchers, presentation switchers, In-CTRL seamless switchers, ProScale digital scaler/switchers, scalers, scan converters, twisted pair transmission products, Cobra twisted pair products for long distance applications, media/room control products, SummitView integrated media/room control systems, format converters, interfaces, protocol translators, IR products, test pattern generators, fiber optic transmission products, rack mounts, wall plates, bulk cable, cable assemblies and cable accessories. In many cases, Kramer offers three versions of a product to meet the needs of various applications. They generally have a rack-mount version, a desktop version and a Kramer TOOLS version. Kramer TOOLS are extremely compact product solutions ideal for solving basic signal management problems.
Acquisition of Sierra Video
In 2003, Kramer Electronics bought Sierra Video, a well established and respected company that manufactures Broadcast Routing equipment which expanded the Kramer product offering into large format routing products for composite video, RGBHV video and SDI and HD-SDI signals as well as audio signals. 
History.
Kramer Electronics was founded in 1981 by Dr. Joseph Kramer. Dr. Kramer, whose PHD is in pharmaceutical biology, had been working in R+D at a company that manufactured headphones. When that company went out of business, he foresaw the significance of video, then in its infancy, and used the distribution channel that had existed to start selling video products of his own design.
Dr. Kramer had always had a strong interest in photography and home entertainment, so designing products for this channel was natural for him. What followed was the founding of Kramer Electronics. Dr. Kramer’s photography can be viewed at Dr. Kramer's Photography Page.

</doc>
<doc id="18633552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633552" title="Shred-it">
Shred-it

Shred-it is an on-site document destruction company, founded by Greg Brophy in 1988 and incorporated in 1989. The company is wholly owned by Securit, a private Canadian company with its headquarters located in Oakville, Ontario. Shred-it services over 150,000 clients with over 140 branches located in 14 countries around the world. They specialize in mobile on-site secure paper shredding and confidential waste disposal. An estimated 100,000,000,000 documents are shredded by Shred-it each year. Upon completion of shredding, the client is awarded with an official Certificate of Destruction. 
Local Shred-it branches operate free "Community Shred" days.

</doc>
<doc id="18633554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633554" title="World Shakespeare Bibliography">
World Shakespeare Bibliography

World Shakespeare Bibliography Online is a searchable electronic database consisting of the most comprehensive record of Shakespeare-related scholarship and theatrical productions published or produced worldwide between 1961 and 2009. Containing over 120,000 annotated entries, this collected information provides annotated citations for anyone engaged in research on William Shakespeare or Early Modern Britain. It is the single-largest Shakespeare database in the world.
In 2001, the Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals (CILIP) awarded the WSB Online the Besterman/McColvin medal for outstanding electronic reference work. In 2006, this ever-expanding digital reference tool, compiled by Dr. James Harner of Texas A&M University, was named as an Outstanding Academic Title by "Choice Magazine". In 2013, Dr. Laura Estill (also of Texas A&M University) joined Dr. Harner as co-editor.
"WSB Online" is searchable by author, title, subject, keyword, date, language, publisher, and periodical title. It is international in scope, covering and representing every country in North America, South America, and Europe, and nearly every country in Africa, Asia, and Oceania.

</doc>
<doc id="18633580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633580" title="Lower Langford">
Lower Langford

Lower Langford is a village within the civil parish of Churchill in the unitary authority of North Somerset, England. It is located on the western edge of the Mendip Hills about east of Weston-super-Mare. It was a village built around estate of Sidney Hill who was the original inhabitant of the village. The estate is now the University of Bristol School of Veterinary Science.
School.
Churchill C.E.V.C. Primary School is the primary school serving both Churchill and Langford. It has around 200 pupils ages 4 to 11. The school was newly built in 2002 after relocating from its former location at Ladymead Lane. Churchill Community Foundation School and Sixth Form Centre is the state-run secondary school and specialist Arts College serving the villages of North Somerset. It has around 1,540 students between the ages of 11 and 18 and is located in the adjacent village of Churchill.
Amenities.
The village has one pub, The Langford Inn. The village also has a football club, Budgens, hairdresser and had a Post Office until it closed in May 2010. The village is also served by nearby pubs the Stag and Hounds and the Churchill Inn, Churchill Memorial Hall, Churchill Doctor's Surgery which is twinned with the Wrington Medical Practice to form the Wrington Vale Group. Also in the parish are a fish and chip shop, the Winston Manor Hotel and a bed and breakfast, all of which are close to the Churchill-Langford border.
Churches.
The village is home to two churches, St Mary's and Langford Evangelical Church. Both churches are fairly small in size. St Mary's is used by the various Christian oriented children's clubs.
St Mary's was built in 1900 on land donated by Sir John Lintorn Arabin Simmons, G.C.B., G.C.M.G, R.E.
Landmarks.
Langford Court was built in 1651 and renovated in the early 19th century and again in 1875. It has been designated as a Grade II listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="18633584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633584" title="Hval Manuscript">
Hval Manuscript

The Hval Manuscript or "Hval's Miscellany" is a 353 page 15th century Bosnian Church codex.
It was written in 1404 by Hval Krstyanin in Bosnian Cyrillic "(bosančica)" in ikavian accent with a Glagolitic introduction and is decorated with miniatures and other artistic elements. The codex contains parts of the Bible, hymns and short theological texts. The tradition of the Bosnian Cyrillic goes back to the 10/11th century and lasted continuously until the 18th century, with sporadic usage even in the 20th century. This codex is a translation from the Glagolitic original. Moreover, Glagolitic letters can be found on two places in the book.
The codex is one of the most famous manuscripts belonging to the Bosnian Church in which there are some iconographic elements which are not in concordance with the supposed theological doctrine of Bosnian Christians (Annunciation, Crucifixion and Ascension). All the important Bosnian Church books "(Nikoljsko evandjelje, Sreckovicevo evandelje, the Manuscript of Hval, the Manuscript of Krstyanin Radosav)" are based on Croatian Glagolitic Church books, probably because Croatia embraced Christianity before Bosnia.
The Hval Manuscript is kept in the University Library in Bologna, Italy.
New analyses of style and painting techniques show that they were inscribed by at least two miniaturists. One painter was painting on the blue background, and the other was painting on the gold background in which the miniatures are situated in a rich architectonic frame. These miniatures belong to medieval Bosnia, but according to their iconographic and artistic values, to the Gothic art probably from the Dalmatian painters in the 15th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18633614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633614" title="Salem County, South Carolina">
Salem County, South Carolina

Salem County was a former county in east central of South Carolina. It was created in 1791 from Claremont and Clarendon counties and lasted until it was absorbed into the newly created Sumter District in 1800.

</doc>
<doc id="18633634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633634" title="Major Figgas">
Major Figgas

Major Figgas was an American rap group from North Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
History.
Major Figgas was founded in the Erie Ave area of Philadelphia by Gillie Da Kid and Abliva, who were friends from the neighborhood. They knew Bump J, Dutch and Rolx from all living in the same area, and eventually expanded after inducting Spade and Bianca. Chops, Rucie, L deniro and Dirty Rik all soon came aboard. 
After releasing several underground tapes, they released the full-length "Figgas 4 Life" independently which landed them a deal with RuffNation Records/Warner Bros. Records. At this time they had an ongoing back and forth feud with Jay-Z & his Roc-A-Fella rap group State Property. An expanded edition of the album was issued in 2000, which reached #115 on the Billboard 200 and #29 on the U.S. R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. Their lone major radio hit was "Yeah That's Us", which hit #2 on the U.S. Rap Singles chart and #34 on the R&B Singles chart. They received a ASCAP Song of the Year award for "Yeah that's Us" in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18633636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633636" title="European Poker Tour season 5 results">
European Poker Tour season 5 results

Below are the results of season 5 of the European Poker Tour (EPT).

</doc>
<doc id="18633662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633662" title="Louis Jouin">
Louis Jouin

Louis Jouin (14 June 1818 – 10 June 1899) was a German Jesuit linguist, philosopher, and author.
Life.
Jouin was born in Berlin. He was descended from a French Huguenot family, which had been forced by the Edict of Nantes to take refuge in Prussia. After spending some time in a French school he went to Poland, where he entered the Catholic Church, and determined to embrace the priesthood. He secured his release from military service, renounced allegiance to the land of his birth, and made his way to Rome. 
He was admitted into the Jesuit Order, entering the novitiate of San Andrea, 20 August 1841. He studied philosophy for three years in the Jesuit Roman College. He then and worked for a time at Reggio Emilia, where he was ordained priest on 30 April 1848. 
He was forced by the Revolution of 1848 to flee the country. Accordingly in October, 1848, he came to America, remained in New York City till 1852, studied theology at Fordham, 1852–56, taught in Fordham College until 1859, and spent the following year at Sault-au-Recollet, Canada. Returning to Fordham in 1860, he taught theology in the scholasticate (1860-3), and later (1866–72) filled various positions in the college. 
After a visit to England in 1872, he went to Guelph, Canada, and remained at this place till 1875. During 1875-6 he was in Montreal and during 1876-9 at St. Francis Xavier's, New York. In 1879 he returned to Fordham, where he remained until his death.
As a teacher he occupied in Italy, Canada, and the United States the chairs of science, mathematics, and theology; but it was to teaching philosophy that he gave the best part of the fifty-eight years he spent in the Society of Jesus. Jouin was an accomplished linguist, speaking with fluency German, French, Italian, Spanish, English, Polish, and Latin, besides being well versed in Greek, Hebrew, and Gaelic. He was a skilled moralist, and for many years presided over the theological conferences of the Archdiocese of New York. 
Works.
For the use of his scholars, he prepared, either in lithograph or in print, various treatises on philosophical and scientific subjects. Only a few of these were given to the public. His published works are: 

</doc>
<doc id="18633667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633667" title="Catterton">
Catterton

Catterton is a hamlet and civil parish in the Selby district of North Yorkshire, England.

</doc>
<doc id="18633677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633677" title="DRG Class 61">
DRG Class 61

The two German DRG Class 61 steam engines were express train locomotives specifically built by Henschel for the Henschel-Wegmann train in service with the Deutsche Reichsbahn. The Henschel-Wegmann train was an initiative of the German locomotive construction industry, intended to be able to demonstrate a powerful locomotive-hauled train alongside the emerging express railbuses.
Construction.
Because it was planned to run the train in shuttle services to a tight time schedule, it was necessary that the engine could run at top speed in both directions. This resulted in a tank locomotive rather than the tender locomotive design otherwise used for long-distance high-speed links. In order to be able to attain the high running performance aimed at, locomotive and coaches were designed to be especially light, albeit the coal and water supplies had still to be sufficient for a one-way trip on the planned route.
In building them, component designs from the Deutsche Reichsbahn's standard steam locomotives ("Einheitsdampflokomotiven") were used as far as possible but, in quite a number of areas, other components were used. The boiler overpressure was set at the higher level of , whereas those of the standard locos were operated at . Both locomotives were fitted with a streamlined shell. The water tank tapered at the front and gave the engine driver and stoker a good all-round view of the line. The "cover plates" covered the drive completely.
In contrast to the first engine, 61 002, which was built later, had a drive with three cylinders and larger supply tanks. To support the latter, the rear carrying bogie was extended to three axles. As a result of the more powerful drive, the punctuality of the train was improved - it had been unsatisfactory with 61 001. In addition the second locomotive had smoke deflectors on top next to the smoke exhaust, which were not fitted to 61 001.
Operation.
With its diameter driving wheels the locomotive itself achieved the planned speed of 175 km/h without any difficulty, but when hauling its streamlined train it could only reach 160. Nevertheless the scheduled service between Dresden and Berlin was successfully delivered, the long route being completed in just 102 minutes, a time that, even today (2008), has still not been beaten on this route despite the use of faster electric locomotives. However it was pushed to complete the short turnaround allowed in Dresden because the locomotive not only had to run around, but also replenish its supplies.
When 61 001 was not available or when either scheduled or unscheduled work was being carried out on her, a DRG Class 01 or DRG Class 03 headed the train. But with top speeds of only they could not match that of 61 001 by a long way, however.
Not long after construction work had begun on 61 001, its variant, 61 002, was planned and built at the start of 1939. In May the first factory trial runs were carried out and the locomotive was transferred on 12 June 1939 to the locomotive depot ("Bahnbetriebswerk" or "Bw") at Grunewald. It was probably taken into service at the turn of the year in 1939/40, so it clearly would not have been hauling the streamlined train in regular passenger service, due to the outbreak of the war and the use of the Henschel-Wegmann train for Deutsche Wehrmacht purposes.
After the cessation of the train's operations at the start of 1939, 61 001 was used for heating duties at "Bw" Berlin-Grunewald. From December 1940 it found itself once again in Dresden-Altstadt on express train services and was given conventional train and buffer equipment in November 1942. Its operations log shows that it only made a few runs however. From 1943 to the war's end, the Reichsbahn repair shop ("Reichsbahnsausbesserungswerk" or "RAW") at Braunschweig was responsible for the engine. Between July 1945 and March 1946 it travelled about hauling passenger trains.
Survival post-1945.
Locomotive 61 001 found itself in the British Zone at the end of the war and was allocated to "Bw" Hannover, but seldom used. In 1947 it had a general inspection and on 23 October 1948 it was stationed in Bebra, where it was in regular service until May 1949. After a break, it again clocked up distances of per month from November 1950. On 2 November 1951 the engine suffered serious damage following an accident in Münster, whereupon it was retired on 14 November 1952 and scrapped in 1957.
Locomotive 61 002 remained in Dresden and was employed in passenger train service there. As a one-off it was however always a problem to use it for regular operations. For the Engineering Trials and Development Unit at Halle ("Versuchs- und Entwicklungsstelle für Maschinenwirtschaft" or"VES-M Halle") under Max Baumberg, it was however interesting as an experimental engine for speeds over . It was converted in 1961 by the DR in East Germany in "RAW Meiningen" to a fast experimental locomotive with a tender and reclassified as 18 201. With a modern boiler, the outer cylinders of H 45 024, a newly welded inner cylinder and the carrying axle of a high pressure locomotive, H 45 024, it reached speeds of up to . In 2002, number 18 201 was totally overhauled in the Meiningen steam engine shop and is now in the possession of the "Steam Plus" company ("Dampf-Plus GmbH") owned by Christian Goldschagg and Axel Zwingenberger.

</doc>
<doc id="18633707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633707" title="Confederate Monument in Perryville">
Confederate Monument in Perryville

The Confederate Monument in Perryville is a historic monument located by the visitor center of the Perryville Battlefield State Historic Site, in the vicinity of Perryville, Kentucky, in Boyle County, Kentucky, USA. It was built in 1902, forty years after the Battle of Perryville, the bloodiest battle in Kentucky history, on October 8, 1862. In total, 532 Confederates died at the battle, but it is unknown how many of this number are buried here. A small cemetery is by the monument; local farmers had to bury the Confederate dead as the Confederate Army, although victorious in the battle, had to leave Perryville quickly, and hogs were beginning to feast on the soldiers' remains.
The monument features a tall limestone Confederate soldier atop a three-tier limestone pedestal base. It was constructed by the Peter-Burghard Statue Company of Louisville, Kentucky. Names of fourteen Confederate dead are on the monument, as is a passage from the "Bivouac of the Dead". It also notes that 470 unknown dead Confederates are buried nearby. The total boundary area for the National Register entry concerning the Confederate Monument is a radius surrounding the monument.
The monument was built for the 40th anniversary of the Battle of Perryville by the government of Kentucky. When dedicated, a crowd of 5,000 to 10,000 attended the ceremony on October 8, 1902, according to the October 10, 1902, edition of the "Danville News".
On July 17, 1997, the Confederate Monument in Perryville was one of sixty different monuments related to the Civil War in Kentucky placed on the National Register of Historic Places, as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission. Three other monuments on this Multiple Property Submission are also in Boyle County. One of them, the Union Monument in Perryville, is also by the visitor center of the Perryville Battlefield State Historic Site, a few yards north of the Confederate Monument. The Unknown Confederate Dead Monument in Perryville is a mile away on private land at the Goodknight Cemetery. Both of the preceding monuments were built much later, both in or around 1928; twenty-six years later. The other is in downtown Danville, Kentucky: the Confederate Monument in Danville.

</doc>
<doc id="18633714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633714" title="Sissy Raith">
Sissy Raith

Silvia 'Sissy' Raith (born 11 June 1960) is a former German footballer. From 2004 to 2008 she coached the women's team of Bayern Munich. Starting from 2009 to 2010 she coaches the men's team of TSV Eching. Since 2010 the head coach of Azerbaijan U-17 National women's football team. As a player she was capped 58 times for Germany, winning the UEFA Women's Championship in 1989 and 1991. She also score 4 goals for the national team. She also won 4 German championships and 6 cups, playing for Bayern Munich, FSV Frankfurt, TSV Siegen, and SG Praunheim (now 1.FFC Frankfurt). Sissy is currently working as a coach of the U-17 Women's team of Azerbaijan. She is preparing the girl footballers to the 2012 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup, which will take place in Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18633721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633721" title="Henry Bruce (Royal Navy officer)">
Henry Bruce (Royal Navy officer)

Admiral Sir Henry Harvey Bruce KCB MVO (8 May 1862 – 14 September 1948) was a British Royal Navy officer.
Bruce was born in Stoke Damerel, Devonport, Devon, the son of Commander Sir Thomas Bruce, who later became Superintendent of Packets at Dover. He followed his father into the Navy as a Cadet at HMS "Britannia" in 1875. His first sea service was in HMS "Black Prince", flagship of the Channel Squadron and the second ironclad battleship in the Royal Navy. He then joined the frigate HMS "Raleigh" in the Mediterranean as a Midshipman, followed by HMS "Monarch", the first turret ship, from November 1879, taking part in the Anglo-Egyptian War of 1882. He was promoted Sub-Lieutenant in June 1882, went to the Royal Naval College, Greenwich in August 1882, and in 1883 was appointed to the gunboat HMS "Swinger" in Australia. He remained in her until 1887, having been promoted Lieutenant in December 1884. In February 1888 he joined the cruiser HMS "Porpoise" on the China Station and in August 1891 he went to the sloop-of-war HMS "Beagle" on the North American Station. In January 1894 he was appointed gunnery officer of the cruiser HMS "Marathon" on the East Indies Station, did the gunnery course at HMS "Excellent", and in 1897 joined the cruiser HMS "Sirius", carrying relief crews out to the Mediterranean.
In July 1898 he took command of the torpedo gunboat HMS "Jason" and was promoted Commander in June 1901. He then successively commanded the troopship HMS "Tyne" in the Mediterranean and the cruiser HMS "Medea" in the Home Fleet. In 1905 he was appointed Naval Officer-in-Charge at Bermuda. Later the same year he was promoted Captain and took command of the destroyer depot ship HMS "Blenheim", followed by the light cruiser HMS "Arrogant" in the Atlantic Fleet and the battleship HMS "Prince George". In 1911 he took command of the cruiser HMS "Defence", escorting the King and Queen to India and back for the Delhi Durbar, for which he was appointed Member of the Royal Victorian Order (MVO). In 1913 he took command of the battleship HMS "Hercules" in the 1st Battle Squadron, and commanded her in the early stages of the First World War.
In 1915 he was appointed the first Commodore-Superintendent of Rosyth Dockyard and was responsible for its development over the five years he held command, being promoted Rear-Admiral in April 1917. He was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the 1920 New Year Honours, having already been appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB). He retired as a Vice-Admiral in 1922 and was promoted Admiral on the retired list in 1926.
Bruce was knocked down by a car in London on 18 August 1948 and died from his injuries at his home in Eaton Square a month later.

</doc>
<doc id="18633729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633729" title="Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

The Netherlands were present at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, sending their 50th entry. Nederlandse Omroep Stichting (NOS), the Dutch broadcaster, sent De Toppers to Moscow after they were internally selected. The competing song was selected at Nationaal Songfestival contest on 1 February, where "Shine" was announced the winner.
Rumoured artists.
Dutch Eurovision fans set up an internet poll in July 2008 with the intent of selecting the best artist to sent for the Netherlands. Anouk was selected by the poll, and she has also stated that she would represent the Netherlands in 2009, but would prefer not to participate in a national final.
However, in September 2008, Nederlandse Omroep Stichting (NOS) announced that De Toppers would represent the Netherlands in Moscow. The trio, consisting of René Froger, Jeroen van der Boom and Gordon (Dutch national final contestant in 1990 and 2003), are highly popular in the Netherlands, and NOS hoped that they would boost Eurovision figures in the Netherlands, as well as ratings of the national final.
Possible withdrawal.
Since De Toppers were announced as the Dutch representatives for Eurovision 2009, complications within the band and with TROS and NOS have resulted in their entry to Eurovision coming under threat.
Disagreements between the band and TROS over the planned docusoap "Op weg naar Moskou" have become the main reason for the row in the band. The main reason for no agreement between the two bodies is due to the band's manager, Benno de Leeuw, being hospitalised for a week.
Since the disagreement started, Gerard Joling has since stated that he has pulled out of the band, and NOS would have to look for a new Dutch representative. NOS has stated that they are trying to patch things up between the band, and if it cannot be solved then NOS will have to look for another entrant: "We made a choice for De Toppers, and that means all three of them or none of them."
On 11 November 2008, it was confirmed that Jeroen van der Boom will take Gerard Joling's place in the group, and that De Toppers will still represent The Netherlands in Moscow with the national song selection taking place on 1 February 2009.
Nationaal Songfestival 2009.
Nationaal Songfestival 2009, the Dutch national final used to select the song that De Toppers will sing at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 was held on 1 February 2009. An open call for songs was held until 31 October 2008. Due to the public feud between the band members, the deadline was extended to 23 November.
A total of 330 songs were submitted to TROS, which De Toppers listened to without knowing the composers, removing possible bias that may arise. It was announced on 5 December that De Toppers had selected the songs that will be sung in February. The six songs selected and their titles and authors were released on 18 December 2008. The group has said that they are all "happy and powerful compositions".
During the show, the past representatives Saskia & Serge, Ben Cramer, Heddy Lester, Getty Kaspers from Teach-In, Bill van Dijk, Frizzle Sizzle's Laura Vlasblom, Rosina Brochard from Harmony and Marcha acted as the jury. 
The winning song was "Shine", written by Bas van den Heuvel and Gordon (under the pseudonym "Ger van de Westelaken"). The song was preferred by the televoting public, which made up two-thirds of the votes, however the second placed song, "Angel of the Night", was preferred by the jury members which made up the remaining one-third of the result.
At Eurovision.
Since the Netherlands was not one of the "Big Four" nor the host of the 2009 contest, The Toppers had to compete in one of the two semi-finals. The Netherlands competed in the second semi-final on 14 May, performing 19th and last in the running order, following Estonia. However the group failed to qualify The Netherlands to the final for the fifth successive contest.

</doc>
<doc id="18633732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633732" title="Tirunelveli (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Tirunelveli (Lok Sabha constituency)

Tirunelveli is a Lok Sabha (Parliament of India) constituency in Tamil Nadu, India. It is one of the oldest Lok Sabha constituencies in India.
Assembly segments.
Tirunelveli Lok Sabha constituency was initially composed of the following assembly segments (before 2009 elections): 
From 2009 General Elections, the Tirunelveli Lok Sabha Constituency composed of following 6 assembly segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18633735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633735" title="Again and Again (album)">
Again and Again (album)

Again and Again is an album recorded by Chick Corea in 1982 in the middle of a South African tour and released in 1983.
Track listing.
All tracks by Chick Corea

</doc>
<doc id="18633746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633746" title="15th meridian east">
15th meridian east

The meridian 15° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Africa, the Atlantic Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 15th meridian east forms a great circle with the 165th meridian west.
The meridian is the central axis of Central European Time.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 15th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18633757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633757" title="Turan Information Agency">
Turan Information Agency

Turan Information Agency () is a news agency based in Baku, Azerbaijan. Founded in Azerbaijan SSR in 1990 by a group of journalists who refused to work in the state media. The Agency prepares analytical articles and news materials in three languages: Azerbaijani, English, and Russian. Topics include politics, economy, finance, communication, religion, culture, and sport.
Major international information agencies such as Reuters, Agence France-Presse and BBC share and use information from Turan. The Agency spreads its news live via the Internet, and using periodic bulletin publication.

</doc>
<doc id="18633761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633761" title="Déborah Gyurcsek">
Déborah Gyurcsek

Déborah Gyurcsek Olivera (born December 7, 1978) is a female track and field athlete from Uruguay, who competes in the pole vault event. A one-time Olympian (2000), she won the bronze medal at the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Canada. Her personal best is 4.23 metres achieved in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18633769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633769" title="Jennifer Mann">
Jennifer Mann

Jennifer L. Mann is a businesswoman and former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 132nd District, having served from 1999 to 2013.
Personal history.
A lifelong Allentown resident, Mann graduated from William Allen High School in 1987. She then graduated from Lehigh University with a B.A. in Economics and Government in 1991. She owned and operated a wireless communications firm before seeking elected office. She had had a hand in politics up to that point by serving on the Lehigh County Democratic Committee.
Political career.
In 1998, Mann ran for the House of Representatives, seeking the seat that was being vacated by Charlie Dent when Dent ran for the State Senate. Mann first defeated Emma Tropiano in a primary before beating Allentown City Councilman and former Lehigh County Executive David Bausch in the general election. Mann became the first Democrat to represent the 132nd since Jack Pressman in 1990.
Mann has twice competed in elections for a different position. In 2005, she ran for the Pennsylvania State Senate in a special election, seeking to fill the vacancy created by Charlie Dent's election to Congress. Mann lost that race to then State Representative Pat Browne. In 2008, Mann sought the Democratic nomination for State Treasurer. She lost that race to Democrat Robert McCord.
Legislative career.
During her tenure in the legislature, she served on the House Finance, Environmental Resources and Energy, Consumer Affairs, Insurance and Transportation committees. She was co-chair of the New Democrat Coalition, the Community College Caucus and the Arthritis Caucus, and served on the House Rules Committee. In 2003, the political website PoliticsPA named her as a possible successor to House Minority Leader Bill DeWeese.
Mann served in PA House leadership as the Majority Caucus Secretary. She is only the third woman to have served in a House Democratic leadership position since the Pennsylvania legislature was formed.
Nationally, she is a member of the Democratic Leadership Council Leadership Team, serving as the chairwoman of the DLC’s State Legislative Advisory Board (SLAB).
In 2012, Mann opted not to seek reelection. She has reentered the private sector, starting a consulting firm based in Allentown.

</doc>
<doc id="18633772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633772" title="Union Monument in Perryville">
Union Monument in Perryville

The Union Monument in Perryville is an historic monument located by the visitor center of the Perryville Battlefield State Historic Site, in the vicinity of Perryville, Kentucky, in Boyle County, Kentucky. It was built in 1928, sixty-six years after the Battle of Perryville, the bloodiest battle in Kentucky history, on October 8, 1862. There were 16,000 Union soldiers at the Battle of Perryville, with 4,276 combined killed, captured, wounded, and missing.
The monument was created by a decree of the United States Congress on March 3, 1928. It is a granite obelisk, eighteen feet tall, and is one of only seven monuments to the war in Kentucky that honored the Union cause; the vast majority honored the Confederate States of America. Inscriptions are placed on the north and south sides of the monument. All but one Union monument in Kentucky was erected by the Federal Government or private funds. The monument at Vanceburg, Kentucky is the only Union structure in Kentucky erected by public submission.
On July 17, 1997, the Union Monument in Perryville was one of sixty different monuments related to the Civil War in Kentucky placed on the National Register of Historic Places, as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission. Three other monuments on this Multiple Property Submission are also in Boyle County. One of them, the Confederate Monument in Perryville, stands between the Union Monument and the visitor center of the Perryville Battlefield State Historic Site, a few yards away. The Unknown Confederate Dead Monument in Perryville is a mile away on private land at the Goodknight Cemetery. Like the Union monument, it was built in 1928, much later than the 1902 construction of the Confederate Monument. The other is in downtown Danville, Kentucky: the Confederate Monument in Danville.

</doc>
<doc id="18633774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633774" title="Francis Hastings, Lord Hastings">
Francis Hastings, Lord Hastings

Francis Hastings, Lord Hastings (1560 – 17 December 1595) was the son of George Hastings, 4th Earl of Huntingdon and Dorothy Port. He married Sarah Harington, daughter of Sir James Harington and Lucy Sydney. They had five children:

</doc>
<doc id="18633788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633788" title="Savannah-Chatham County Public Schools">
Savannah-Chatham County Public Schools

Savannah-Chatham County Public School System (SCCPSS) is a school district based in Chatham County, Georgia, United States. SCCPSS is run by an elected Board of Public Education and operates most public schools in the Chatham County including those in the city of Savannah. The current superintendent is Dr. Thomas B. Lockamy, Jr.
The system has an enrollment of over 34,500 students and operates 27 elementary schools, 9 middle schools, 7 K-8 schools, 10 high schools, and satellite facilities including the Massie Heritage Interpretation Center (a preserved historic school) and the Oatland Island Education Center (an environmental education complex). The school system supports two alternative schools for middle and/or high school students and an adult learning center.
Administration.
Board of Public Education.
The Board of Public Education is the elected policy-making branch of the school district's administration. Eight board members, each representing a geographic district that coincides with those of the Chatham County Commission, are elected to a four-year term. The board president is elected county-wide for a four-year term.
Superintendent.
The superintendent of schools is appointed by the Board of Public Education and is charged with implementing the board's policies and the overall administration of the school system. Dr. Thomas B. Lockamy, Jr. became superintendent in July 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18633798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633798" title="Prime Minister (disambiguation)">
Prime Minister (disambiguation)

The prime minister is the most senior member of the cabinet in a parliamentary system of government. 
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18633824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633824" title="Ligase chain reaction">
Ligase chain reaction

The ligase chain reaction (LCR) is a method of DNA amplification. While the better-known PCR carries out the amplification by polymerizing nucleotides, LCR instead amplifies the nucleic acid used as the probe. For each of the two DNA strands, two partial probes are ligated to form the actual one; thus, LCR uses two enzymes: a DNA polymerase and a DNA ligase. Each cycle results in a doubling of the target nucleic acid molecule. A key advantage of LCR is greater specificity as compared to PCR.
Target conditions.
It has been widely used for the detection of single base mutations, as in genetic diseases. 
LCR and PCR may be used to detect gonorrhea and chlamydia, and may be performed on first-catch urine samples, providing easy collection and a large yield of organisms. Endogenous inhibitors limit the sensitivity, but if this effect could be eliminated, LCR and PCR would have clinical advantages over any other methods of diagnosing gonorrhea and chlamydia.
Among these methods, LCR is emerging as the most sensitive method with high specificity for known SNP detection (20). LCR was first developed by Barany, who used thermostable DNA ligase to discriminate between normal and mutant DNA and to amplify the allele-specific product. A mismatch at the 3′ end of the discriminating primer prevents the DNA ligase from joining the two fragments together. By using both strands of genomic DNA as targets for oligonucleotide hybridization, the products generated from two sets of adjacent oligonucleotide primers, complementary to each target strand in one round of ligation, can become the targets for the next round. The amount of the products can thus be increased exponentially by repeated thermal cycling.

</doc>
<doc id="18633825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633825" title="Sir Reginald Butler, 1st Baronet">
Sir Reginald Butler, 1st Baronet

Sir Robert Reginald Frederick Butler, 1st Baronet (1866 – 19 November 1933) was an English businessman.
Butler was born in Devizes, Wiltshire and educated at Bedford School. He was director of a number of catering and confectionery companies, notably chairman of United Dairies. He was created a Baronet in the 1922 New Year Honours for his wartime services.

</doc>
<doc id="18633826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633826" title="Barong (knife)">
Barong (knife)

The barong is a thick, leaf-shaped, single-edged blade sword. It is a weapon used by Islamic tribes in the Southern Philippines.
Description.
Blade.
Barung blades are thick and very heavy with the weight aiding in the slicing capability of the sword. Barong blade lengths range from 8 to 22 inches (20 to 56 cm). Newer blades, on the other hand, tend to be longer measuring at 18 to 22 inches (46 to 56 cm). Damascene patterns are also thick but again most often not as controlled as the more widely known kalis.
Hilt (handle).
Most handles have a silver sleeve and lacquered braided fiber rings that sit on top. Nobility hilts were made of ivory, carabao horn, or kamagong (Philippine ebony). Other barong swords have less elaborate hilts and are smaller in size. Common motifs include the cockatoo and naga (dragon). The long metal ferrule is most often made of silver, though copper, brass and swaasa is also used. Barongs used in World War II may also have aluminium ferrules. The ferrule tends to be around 8 cm (3 inches) in length. Often the ferrule will have lacquered braided natural fiber rings to aid in grip. Sometimes these fiber rings were on top of the ferrule, but often what would appear to be a solid metal ferrule would in fact be a number of metal bands that alternate between the fiber bands.
Cockatoo pommels tended to be made of banati. Higher end barongs belonging to the upper classes often had large elaborately carved "junggayan" (elongated) cockatoos. Barong for the lower classes, and the ones used for fighting, have less elaborate cockatoo pommels of much smaller sizes, often featuring de-emphasized crests or beaks (and on fighting versions mere vestigial elements of the crest and beak motifs). At one period near World War II, cockatoo forms changed. Crests became more triangular, and began to emerge directly from the back of the pommel, whereas older cockatoo had crests that flowed from the butt-plain of the pommel. Also, beaks started to become more massive and rectangular in form. Barong used by juramentados, or those who had taken the rite of Magsabil, often would feature smaller blades with normal size hilts.
Scabbard.
Older barong scabbards tended only to be partially wrapped with large rattan lashings, while newer barong scabbards feature a full wrap of thin rattan. Also, the scabbards of older barong featured thinner flat boards, whereas post World War II barong scabbards are of much thicker stock, and feature a central ridge line. The terminus on modern-made scabbards tends to turn upward to a more dramatic degree, often at a near 90-degree angle and feature squared tips. As with kris scabbards of the post World War II era, mother of pearl inlays begin to appear at the throat and tips of barong scabbards as well.
Other information.
Barong are weapons used by Datus, Rajahs and Sultans.

</doc>
<doc id="18633832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633832" title="El Mareo">
El Mareo

"El Mareo" is a song by South American band Bajofondo featuring vocals by the famous Argentine rock musician Gustavo Cerati.
After their successful single "Pa' Bailar" featuring Japanese bandoneonist Ryōta Komatsu and just before starting their tour through North and Latin America, the band decided to make "El Mareo" the second single from 2007s album "Mar Dulce". The song was nominated on the 2008 Latin Grammy Awards, as Best Alternative Song.
Music video.
The music video for the single shows the band playing the song, and Santaolalla and Cerati singing in grayscale effect.
Miscellaneous.
On , it was released as "Single of the week" on iTunes Store, and it was retrieved on .

</doc>
<doc id="18633837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633837" title="Richard Shiffrin">
Richard Shiffrin

Richard Shiffrin is the Luther Dana Waterman Professor of cognitive science for the Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences at Indiana University, Bloomington. Shiffrin has contributed a number of theories of attention and memory to the field of psychology. He co-authored the Atkinson–Shiffrin model of memory in 1968 with Richard Atkinson, who was his academic adviser at the time. In 1977, he published a theory of attention with Walter Schneider. With Jeroen G.W. Raaijmakers in 1980, Shiffrin published the Search of Associative Memory (SAM) model, which has served as the standard model of recall for cognitive psychologists well into the 2000s. He extended the SAM model with the Retrieving Effectively From Memory (REM) model in 1997 with Mark Steyvers.

</doc>
<doc id="18633858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633858" title="15th meridian west">
15th meridian west

The meridian 15° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, Iceland, the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 15th meridian west forms a great circle with the 165th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 15th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18633861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633861" title="Gimel Lewis">
Gimel Lewis

Gimel Joseph Lewis (born October 27, 1982 in Arima) is a Trinidadian professional basketball player.
Honours.
Plus Pujol Lleida

</doc>
<doc id="18633862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633862" title="A4076 road">
A4076 road

The A4076 is an A road in Pembrokeshire, Wales, UK linking Haverfordwest with Milford Haven.
The road begins at the roundabout junction with the A40 near Haverfordwest railway station. It ends in the town centre of Milford Haven.
Settlements served by the road from north to south are:

</doc>
<doc id="18633863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633863" title="Sea Girt Light">
Sea Girt Light

The Sea Girt Light is a lighthouse marking the inlet leading to the Wreck Pond in Sea Girt, New Jersey. It hosted the first radio beacon mounted in a shore installation in the United States.
History.
The New Jersey shore between the Barnegat and Navesink lighthouses, a distance of nearly 40 miles, was unlit in the 1800s, and in 1888 the Lighthouse Board requested funds to establish a light in this area. The original site was to be at Manasquan Inlet, just to the south of Sea Girt; however, the site was found to be unsuitable and the present lot was obtained on the beach at Sea Girt, near Wreck Pond. An L-shaped brick house with an integral tower was constructed, and the light was first exhibited in December 1896. This was the last shore lighthouse with an integral keeper's residence built on the east coast of the United States. Moving sand and erosion were problems from early on, but fencing in 1900 and steel pilings in the 1920s arrested the threat.
In 1921 Sea Girt Light was equipped with a radio beacon, the first such installation on a shore-based light. It was installed in conjunction with transmitters on the Ambrose and Fire Island lightships; with a radio direction finder, a ship could fix its position accurately through triangulation from the three sites.
At the outset of World War II, the light was deactivated and the lens removed; the house was remodeled to serve as a dormitory for a Coast Guard observation post. After the war, an aerobeacon was mounted atop the tower; but in 1955 the light was decommissioned and a beacon on a steel tower was erected on the lawn. The lighthouse was offered to the state, but when they declined, the borough of Sea Girt purchased the lighthouse instead. It was used for the town library and for meeting space for many years, and in 1981 care of the building was taken over by the Sea Girt Lighthouse Citizens Committee, an independent non-profit dedicated to restoring and maintaining the lighthouse. This restoration was accomplished, and the building is now available both for tours and for a variety of meetings; the beacon was removed from the external tower and placed in the old lantern, now operated as a private aid to navigation. In 2002 the committee purchased the fourth order Fresnel lens originally used in the Crowdy Head Light in New South Wales, Australia for $20,000, a sum equal to that originally appropriated for construction of the light station.

</doc>
<doc id="18633877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633877" title="Jeff Imada">
Jeff Imada

Jeff Imada (born June 17, 1955) is an American martial artist, stuntman, actor and director. He has performed stunts in over 100 films and television programs and authored one of the first books published in the US about the balisong knife.
Life and career.
Imada was born in Inglewood, California, USA, where he began studying martial arts at the age of fifteen. At El Camino College and UCLA, he majored in pre-med and minored in music. While in college, he started working as a film "extra", which led to his becoming a member of the Screen Actors Guild, Stunts Unlimited and the Directors Guild of America. Jeff Imada has been the technical advisor on numerous films, including "Dutch" (1991), "Tango & Cash" (1989), "Jumpin' Jack Flash" (1986), "Dreamscape" (1984) and "Streets of Fire" (1984), and such television series as "Magnum, P.I." (1980), "Remington Steele" (1982), "Dynasty" (1981), "Matt Houston" (1982), "Airwolf" (1984), "Stingray" (1986), "Hart to Hart" (1979) and "Tales of the Gold Monkey" (1982). He was a great friend of Norward Vios and sparred with him all the time.
He was a close friend to Brandon Lee with whom he studied Jeet Kune Do under the tutelage of Dan Inosanto. He was the primary fight choreographer on Lee's final film, "The Crow".
Imada has authored two books on the history and use of the Balisong knife and designed a particular grind known as the "Imada high grind" for Pacific Cutlery that were ground by knifemaker Jody Samson. "The Balisong Manual" was one of the first books published in the US about this unusual knife.
Jeff Imada has recently come to further attention by being the chief fight coordinator in the Matt Damon films "The Bourne Supremacy" and "The Bourne Ultimatum" as well as participating as the motion capture artist for the Xbox and PlayStation game "The Bourne Conspiracy".

</doc>
<doc id="18633878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633878" title="Mount Holmes">
Mount Holmes

Mount Holmes is a prominent mountain peak in Yellowstone National Park. It is the tallest mountain in the Wyoming portion of the Gallatin Range. Mount Holmes is located in the northwestern part of the park and marks the southern terminus of the Gallatin Range. It is the source of Indian Creek, a tributary of the Gardner River.
There is a ranger station near the top of Mount Holmes from which forest fires and weather are monitored. The Bannock Trail crosses the mountains close to Mount Holmes.
History.
An 1860 map by Captain William F. Raynolds showed this peak as "Mount Gallatin". Prior to 1878, the peak was routinely referred to as "Mount Madison" because of its proximity to the Madison River. In 1878 Henry Gannett and geologist William H. Holmes, members of the third Hayden Geologic Survey, ascended the peak. Gannett named the peak "Mount Holmes".
The summit of Mount Holmes can be reached via the Mount Holmes-Winter Creek trail. The trailhead is located near Apollonaris Spring on the Mammoth-Norris section of the Grand Loop Road.

</doc>
<doc id="18633914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633914" title="George Hastings, 8th Earl of Huntingdon">
George Hastings, 8th Earl of Huntingdon

George Hastings, 8th Earl of Huntingdon (1677–1704) was the son of Theophilus Hastings, 7th Earl of Huntingdon and Elizabeth Lewis. He succeeded his father in 1701 and died of malignant fever on 22 February 1704/5, aged 27, unmarried.
Hastings was educated at Foubert's Academy and Wadham College, Oxford. From 14 March 1702 to 2 March 1703 he was the Colonel of the Huntingdon's Regiment. It was the first of the newly raised regiments, after Queen Anne authorised the raising of 15 new regiments in 1702, to proceed overseas. The regiment was posted to Holland in the Netherlands, during the War of the Austrian Succession. It fought in numerous campaigns across Europe, winning its first battle honour at the Battle of Dettingen in 1743. Regiments were officially numbered in 1751, and the 33rd Regiment of Foot (First West Riding Regiment) became the regiments official title.

</doc>
<doc id="18633919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633919" title="Green Paper on Postal Reform">
Green Paper on Postal Reform

The Green Paper on Postal Reform (Department of Trade and Industry, 1994) was a United Kingdom government draft plan to privatise and regulate the UK postal services. It set out various options, the key points of the plan being,
Then it laid out the different options for consultation of,
In the event, the plans did not go through. It met with support from Post Office managers, who advocated full sale because in their view this was the only way to achieve commercial freedom. It met with opposition from unions, much of the public and backbench Conservative MPs.
Debate.
On 19 May 1994 the Green Paper was to be presented to the House of Commons. The issue was taken up in Prime Minister's Question Time by Margaret Beckett as leader of the Labour Party opposition.
Later that afternoon Michael Heseltine as The President of the Board of Trade and Secretary of State for Trade and Industry did present the proposals of the Green Paper. The Post Office, he began,
Then followed the debate, opened to the floor of the whole house. Some of the notable contributions are extracted.

</doc>
<doc id="18633925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633925" title="HMS Seahorse (1748)">
HMS Seahorse (1748)

HMS "Seahorse" was a 24-gun sixth-rate frigate of the Royal Navy, famous as the ship on which a young Horatio Nelson served as a midshipman.
Construction and commissioning.
"Seahorse" was ordered on 4 February 1748, with the contract being awarded to John Barnard, of Harwich, on 23 February 1748, with the keel being laid that very day. She was built to a design by the Surveyor of the Navy Jacob Acworth, named "Seahorse" on 23 August, launched on 13 September 1748 and commissioned in November 1748, being completed on 17 February 1749 at Sheerness Dockyard, having cost £4,063.10.0d to build, and with a further £1,264.14.8d spent on fitting her out.
Career.
Her first commander was Captain Samuel Barrington, who took over in November 1748, and sailed her to the Mediterranean in 1749. "Seahorse" was back in the English Channel in 1752, with Barrington being succeeded by Hugh Palliser in April 1753. "Seahorse" then served initially in Home waters, before sailing to North America in January 1755. She returned to Britain in July that year, carrying the flag of Admiral Augustus Keppel. Captain George Darby took command in 1756, and sailed from Britain bound for Newfoundland on 15 May 1756. Darby was succeed by Captain Thomas Taylor in March 1757, under whom "Seahorse" was active in the North Sea, later fighting an engagement
with the sloops HMS "Raven" and HMS "Bonetta" against two enemy frigates off Ostend. "Seahorse" was then briefly under the command of acting Commander James Hackman from July 1758, before Captain James Smith took over command in October. The "Seahorse" then left for North America on 14 February 1759, and spent the rest of the year at Quebec. 
The "Seahorse" was surveyed on 24 January 1760 and declared in need of repairs. A large repair was carried out at Deptford between March and August that year, at a cost of £5,765.19.8d. She fought an action with the 32-gun "L’Aigrette" on 10 January 1761, before passing under the command of Captain Charles Cathcart Grant later in the month. She sailed for India on 4 February 1761 to observe the transit of Venus, and then moved to Manilla until October 1762. Captain Robert Jocelyn took command on 1763, after which the "Seahorse" returned to England and was paid off in June 1763. Further repairs were carried out in 1770, before she was recommissioned in January 1771 under Thomas Pasley. She then sailed to the Leeward Islands in August that year. In 1773 Digby Dent took command, before "Seahorse" was paid off to undergo another refit. She was recommissioned in August 1773 under George Farmer. A young Horatio Nelson was assigned to the ship as a midshipman through the influence of his uncle, Maurice Suckling. Also a midshipman aboard the "Seahorse" at this time was Thomas Troubridge, another future admiral.
Farmer sailed to the East Indies in November 1773. On 19 February 1775 "Seahorse" fought a battle with two of Hyder Ali's ketches off Anjengo. Farmer was succeeded by John Panton in June 1777.
Early on the morning of 10 August 1778, Admiral Edward Vernon's squadron, consisting of (Vernon's flagship), , "Seahorse", , and the East India Company's ship "Valentine", encountered a French squadron under Admiral François l'Ollivier de Tronjoly which consisted of the 64-gun ship of the line "Le Brillant", the frigate "La Pourvoyeuse" and three smaller ships, "Sartine", "Lauriston", and "Brisson". An inconclusive action followed for about two hours in mid-afternoon. The French broke off the action and the British vessels were too damaged to be able to catch them up again. In the action the British suffered 11 men killed and 53 wounded; "Seahorse" alone lost three men killed and five wounded.
"Seahorse" captured "Sartine" on 25 August 1778. "Sartine" had been patrolling off Pondichery with "Pourvoyeuse" when they sighted two East Indiamen, which were sailing blithely along, unaware of the outbreak of war. The French vessels gave chase lazily. "Sartine"s captain, Count du Chaillar, first had to be roused from his bed ashore. The British merchant vessels escaped, but "Sartine" came too close to Vernon's squadron. He sent "Coventry" and "Seahorse" after her and she surrendered after a short action. A French account remarks acidly that she surrendered to a frigate of her own size without a fight. All four Royal Navy vessels in Vernon's squadron shared in the prize money. (Vernon had already sent "Valentine" off with dispatches.) The Royal Navy took "Sartine" into service as the fifth-rate frigate . 
By February 1779 "Seahorse" seems to have been under the command of Alexander M’Coy. Captain Robert Montagu took over command in March 1781, and under him "Seahorse" was present at the Battles of Sadras on 17 February 1782, Providien on 12 April, Negapatam on 6 July, Trincomalee on 3 September and Cuddalore on 20 June 1783. Charles Hughes took command in 1783, followed by John Drew in 1784.
Decommissioning and sale.
"Seahorse" was paid off for the final time in March 1784, and was sold on 30 December 1784 for the sum of £1,115, to Richard Buller. "Seahorse" was subsequently rebuilt by John Randall, of Rotherhithe, and entered mercantile service under the name "Ravenscroft".

</doc>
<doc id="18633931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633931" title="List of Presidents of Egypt">
List of Presidents of Egypt

This is a list of Presidents of Egypt since the establishment of that office in 1953. The President is the head of state of Egypt and the Supreme Commander of the Egyptian Armed Forces. The current Acting President is Adly Mansour, since 2013 Egyptian coup d'état.
Background.
The first President of Egypt was Muhammad Naguib, one of the leaders of the Egyptian Revolution of 1952, who took office on 18 June 1953, the day on which Egypt was declared a republic. Since then the office has been held by four further people: Gamal Abdel Nasser, Anwar Sadat, Hosni Mubarak, and Mohamed Morsi. In addition, Sufi Abu Taleb acted as President between Sadat's assassination and the election of his successor, and Adly Mansour is currently acting as President after Morsi's overthrow.
Following Hosni Mubarak's resignation on 11 February 2011 in the Egyptian Revolution of 2011, the office was vacant, with the functions of head of state and head of government being discharged by the Chairman of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces, Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi.
Former President Morsi took office on 30 June 2012, after being elected by the presidential election held on 23–24 May and 16–17 June 2012. He was deposed by the Egyptian Armed Forces on 3 July 2013, following massive protests calling for his resignation. He was succeeded by Adly Mansour, the head of the Supreme Constitutional Court of Egypt, as Acting President. Mansour was sworn into office in front of the Supreme Constitutional Court on 4 July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18633934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633934" title="Songs of Green Pheasant">
Songs of Green Pheasant

Songs of Green Pheasant is the solo project of Duncan Sumpner, a recording artist and school teacher from Oughtibridge in Sheffield, England. Blending acoustic-based songs with electronic effects, Sumpner's music has been described as "psychedelic folk" with "warm washes of sound".

</doc>
<doc id="18633948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633948" title="You Are Not Alone (Modern Talking song)">
You Are Not Alone (Modern Talking song)

"You Are Not Alone" is Modern Talking's first single released off the eighth album Alone. "You Are Not Alone" was released in Germany and in other European Territories on February 1, 1999. In Germany, the single peaked at No. 7 on March 8, 1999, over a month after its release date. "You Are Not Alone" spent five weeks within the German single chart and total of 15 weeks on the top-100, it eventually reached a gold status for shipping over 250,000 in Germany alone.
While, "You Are Not Alone" entered the top-20 in Switzerland, France, Sweden, it managed to enter the top-10 in Finland and the top-5 in Austria and Norway.
Single release.
CD-Maxi Hansa 74321 63800 2 (BMG) / EAN 0743216380022 01.02.1999

</doc>
<doc id="18633976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633976" title="Rhodesia (disambiguation)">
Rhodesia (disambiguation)

Rhodesia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18633979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633979" title="Ray Jerome Baker">
Ray Jerome Baker

Ray Jerome Baker (December 1, 1880–October, 1972) was an American photographer, film maker and lecturer, especially noteworthy as a pioneering photographer, and in particular for his studies portraying the people of Hawaii.
Biography.
Baker was born near Rockford, Illinois in 1880. From 1898 till 1903 he lived in Saint Paul, Minnesota, where he studied mechanics and photography. In 1904 he moved to Eureka, California, where he ran a commercial photography studio and became a lifelong friend of Jack London. He married a local school teacher, Edith Frost, in 1906.
In February 1908, Baker visited Hawaii with his family. In August, after his return to Eureka, he was charged with taking obscene photographs, and paid a fine. In 1910 Baker moved to Honolulu with his wife and their son Earl Frost Baker.
Baker remained active as a photographer and travel lecturer until 1959. He produced thousands of photographic images as black-and-white prints, postcards and books, and as glass plates. When lecturing, Baker used hand-painted lantern slides to dramatize his presentations; he made larger hand-colored glass plates backlit with daylight when exhibited. The glass plate lantern slides and many of the photographs taken by Baker were hand-colored by his wife Edith.
Baker traveled to New Zealand and to the US mainland where he visited Mark Twain and Thomas Edison. Otherwise, he spent his time photographing the land, people and plants of Hawaii. He did commercial work for cane and pineapple plantations, and provided tourists arriving on ocean liners with mementos, mostly photographic postcards and bound books of photographs. His photographs appeared in mainstream media, including "The National Geographic Magazine",
Baker wrote a memoir in 1964, titled "Odyssey of a Camerman".
His studies of the Pacific people of Hawaii are an ethnographical and environmental resource. His "Racial Patterns in Hawaii" and his "Familiar Hawaiian Plants", document a changing environment.
Ray Jerome Baker died in Honolulu in October, 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="18633980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633980" title="USS Mimosa (AN-26)">
USS Mimosa (AN-26)

USS "Mimosa" (AN-26/YN-21) was an "Aloe"-class net laying ship which was assigned to serve the U.S. Navy during World War II with her protective anti-submarine nets.
Built in Cleveland, Ohio.
"Mimosa" (YN 21) was laid down 15 October 1940 by American Shipbuilding Company, Cleveland, Ohio, launched 15 March 1941, sponsored by Miss Alin Woehrman, and placed in service 28 October 1941, Lt. W. L. Freeburn in command.
World War service.
East coast operations.
Exiting the Great Lakes via the Welland Canal and the St. Lawrence River, "Mimosa" proceeded by short sailings down the U.S. East Coast. At the end of the year, with the United States at war, she steamed from Jacksonville, Florida, to bolster the defenses of the high priority Panama Canal. 
For over 2 years she maintained the net defenses at Coco Solo, Panama Canal Zone, and also installed submarine nets at Trujillo Bay, Honduras; Port Limon, Costa Rica; and Talora Bay, Peru. "Mimosa" commissioned 10 December 1942.
In January 1944, 1-1⁄2 years after she escaped a torpedo attack, "Mimosa" showed the effectiveness of the Navy’s antisubmarine program to check the U-boat menace when she assisted in removing the nets along the Costa Rican and Honduran coasts. During this duty, the vessel was redesignated "AN-26" on 20 January 1944.
Pacific Ocean operations.
Transiting the Panama Canal 21 April 1944, she sailed for the Mariana Islands, arriving 20 June 1944 in the midst of the Battle of Saipan. First removing the Japanese defensive nets and wrecked ships, "Mimosa" labored until 9 September 1944 helping to install a new net system for harbors on Saipan and Tinian. 
On 2 September 1945 as the war ended, "Mimosa" began removing the of nets she had tended. When the job was completed, she sailed 26 October 1945 for San Pedro, California, arriving 27 November 1945.
Post-war deactivation.
Following alterations, she departed San Pedro, California for Astoria, Oregon on 21 June 1946 with "Teak" (AN 35) in tow. Two months later "Mimosa" was herself towed from Portland, Oregon to Vancouver, Washington for inactivation. She was decommissioned 27 September 1946 and joined the Pacific Reserve Fleet. 
On 13 July 1961 she was turned over to the U.S. Maritime Commission at Olympia, Washington and entered the National Defense Reserve Fleet there. She was eventually scrapped, but the date is unknown.
Honors and awards.
"Mimosa" (AN 26) received two battle stars for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="18634025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634025" title="Boccanegra (disambiguation)">
Boccanegra (disambiguation)

Boccanegra may refer to
See also

</doc>
<doc id="18634030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634030" title="Theophilus Hastings, 9th Earl of Huntingdon">
Theophilus Hastings, 9th Earl of Huntingdon

Theophilus Hastings, 9th Earl of Huntingdon (12 November 1696 – 13 October 1746) was the son of Theophilus Hastings, 7th Earl of Huntingdon and Mary Frances Fowler. He married Lady Selina Shirley, daughter of Washington Shirley, 2nd Earl Ferrers and Mary Levinge, on 3 June 1728.
There is a monument to him in St Helen's Church, Ashby-de-la-Zouch.

</doc>
<doc id="18634038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634038" title="General line of merchandise">
General line of merchandise

General line of merchandise or general merchandise is a term used in retail and wholesale business in reference to merchandise not limited to some particular category. General merchandise stores (general stores) address this sector of retail.
According to the North American Industry Classification System 2002, the following types of general merchandise are excluded from the line carried by general stores:

</doc>
<doc id="18634040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634040" title="Constantine Simonides">
Constantine Simonides

Constantine Simonides (1820–1890), palaeographer, dealer of icons, man with extensive learning, knowledge of manuscripts, miraculous calligraphy. He surpassed his contemporaries in literary ability.
According to opinion of paleographers, he was the most versatile forger of the nineteenth century.
Life.
He was born on the small Greek island of Symi, on the coast of the Aegean Sea in 1820 (or in 1824), and died in Egypt of leprosy.
Simonides lived in the monasteries on Mount Athos between 1839 and 1841 and again in 1852, during which time he acquired some of the biblical manuscripts that he later sold. He produced a lot of manuscripts ascribed to Hellenistic and early Byzantine periods. He allegedly forged a number of documents and manuscripts and claimed they were the originals of the Gospel of Mark, as well as original manuscripts of poems of Homer. He sold some of these manuscripts to the King of Greece. Greek scholars exposed what some claimed to be forgeries quickly and he left Greece and traveled from country to country with his manuscripts.
He visited England between 1853 and 1855 and other European countries, and his literary activity was extraordinary. Some of his works were published in Moscow, Odessa, in England, and in Germany. He also wrote many other works which were never published.
From 1843 until 1856 all over Europe he offered for sale manuscripts purporting to be of ancient origin.
He created "a considerable sensation by producing quantities of Greek manuscripts professing to be of fabulous antiquity – such as a Homer in an almost prehistoric style of writing, a lost Egyptian historian, a copy of St. Matthew's Gospel on papyrus, written fifteen years after the Ascension (!), and other portions of the New Testament dating from the first century."
In 1854 and 1855 Simonides tried unsuccessfully to sell some manuscripts for the British Museum and the Bodleian Library. Thomas Phillips was a less critical purchaser and bought for the Phillips Library at Cheltenham some manuscripts. In 1855 he visited Berlin and Leipzig. He informed Wilhelm Dindorf that he owned a palimpsest of Uranius.
On 13 September 1862, in an article of "The Guardian", he claimed that he is the real author of the Codex Sinaiticus and that he wrote it in 1839. According to him it was "the one poor work of his youth". According to Simonides, he visited Sinai in 1852 and saw the codex. Henry Bradshaw, a scholar, exposed the absurdity of his claims.
Simonides questioned many of official scientific positions accepted by scholars. He did not respect any scholars.
He interpreted Egyptian hieroglyphics in different ways than Champolion and other Egyptologists. He tried to prove that his method of interpreting Egyptian hieroglyphics was superior. He placed the death of Irenaeus at 292 (c. 130 – c. 200). Also, in many other complicated questions he had his own, usually controversial, point of view, but after ascribing the authorship of the Codex Sinaiticus to himself, the rest of his credibility was destroyed by the press.
Simonides produced manuscripts of Homer in an almost prehistoric style of writing, a copy of the Gospel of Matthew on papyrus, written fifteen years after the Ascension, and other portions of the New Testament dating by him to the first century. These productions were later claimed to be forgeries.
The Artemidorus Papyrus.
In 2006 a papyrus book-roll was exhibited at Turin which appeared to be part of Book II of the lost "Geographical Descriptions" of Artemidorus Ephesius. It was exhibited again in Berlin in 2008. It has been argued by Luciano Canfora that the manuscript is the work of Constantine Simonides. Richard Janko also believes that the roll is a forgery.

</doc>
<doc id="18634046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634046" title="Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game">
Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game

The Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game is an annual college football game played on the opening weekend of the college football season in Atlanta, Georgia at the Georgia Dome.
History.
Organizers intend for the game to become a national spotlight game, on par with the Kickoff Classic, held in the Meadowlands from 1983–2002, and the Disneyland Pigskin Classic in the 1990s. Led by Steve Robinson, Chick-fil-A’s chief marketing officer, the Chick-fil-A Kickoff wants to become the centerpiece of ESPN's Kickoff Week; in 2008, ESPN's "College Gameday" broadcast from downtown Atlanta, while ESPN corporate sponsors and local Atlanta-based companies featured prominent displays at Fanzones in Atlanta's Centennial Olympic Park.
Robinson intends for the game to become the headliner of a three-day football weekend in Atlanta, beginning with a college game at the Georgia Dome on the opening Thursday of the season, followed by a high-profile high school game in Atlanta on Friday night, and a concert on Saturday along with FanZone and an A-list game that night. While the first three games have been ACC-SEC contests, Robinson hopes to make the game a national affair, by offering "national brand-name" teams, such as Michigan, Ohio State, and Texas, the opportunity to participate.
The first game, known that year as the Chick-fil-A College Kickoff, was played on August 30, 2008, the opening Saturday of the 2008 season. Alabama would defeat Clemson 34-10.
Alabama returned to the Chick-fil-A Kickoff for the 2009 game, defeating Virginia Tech to start the 2009 season which later ended with Alabama being undefeated and winning the 2010 BCS National Championship.
Auburn and UCLA were contacted about playing in the Georgia Dome in 2010, but Auburn backed out of the offer. ABC then attempted to substitute Georgia Tech for the Tigers, but UCLA opted out because the game would essentially be a home game for the Atlanta-based Yellow Jackets, with no return trip to Los Angeles. Finally, an agreement was reached with North Carolina and LSU to face off in the 2010 game. The 2010 game also saw the introduction of a trophy awarded to the winner, the Old Leather Helmet.
The 2011 edition was the first Chick-fil-A Kickoff to feature a team that was not a member of the SEC or ACC, the two conferences that provide a team to play in the Chick-fil-A Bowl at the end of each football season at the same location. Boise State, a team from the Mountain West Conference that had one of the best teams from a "non-BCS AQ" conference in recent years, defeated Georgia 35-21.
The Chick-Fil-A Kickoff consisted of two games in 2012; Tennessee defeated N.C. State 35-21 on Friday night prior to Clemson defeating Auburn 26-19 in the headliner on Saturday. The dual-game idea was first mentioned in the "Miami Herald" in May 2010, when Gary Stokan, president of the Chick-Fil-A Bowl, told the newspaper that there was the possibility of having the Alabama Crimson Tide face the Miami Hurricanes in a rematch of the 1993 Sugar Bowl.
The 2013 game was a rematch of the 2009 game. Alabama, which had won two of the last three BCS National Championship games, once again defeated Virginia Tech, this time with a score of 35-10.
Payout to each team depends on the amount of revenue gained in excess of the Kickoff's $5.5 million budget. In 2008, Clemson and Alabama were both expected to receive more than $2 million. For both the 2008 and 2009 games, each participating school has sold out their entire allotment of 31,200 tickets, so there has never been a need for a public sale of tickets.
For the 2011 matchup, Boise State was allotted 7,500 tickets, a similar amount of tickets the school sold for a game the previous year in Washington, D.C.. Georgia received the remainder of the school-allotted tickets.
Game results.
Rankings are from the AP Poll.

</doc>
<doc id="18634048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634048" title="35th meridian east">
35th meridian east

The meridian 35° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Asia, Africa, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 35th meridian east forms a great circle with the 145th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 35th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18634056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634056" title="Jackie Robinson (disambiguation)">
Jackie Robinson (disambiguation)

Jackie Robinson (1919–1972) was the first African-American major league baseball player of the modern era. 
Jackie Robinson may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18634057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634057" title="The Last Wagon (1943 film)">
The Last Wagon (1943 film)

The Last Wagon () is a 1943 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Aldo Fabrizi.

</doc>
<doc id="18634064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634064" title="Ghislieri College">
Ghislieri College

The Ghislieri College (Ital. "Collegio Ghislieri"), founded in 1567 by Pope Pius V, is the second most ancient college in Pavia and co-founder of the IUSS, located in Pavia as well.
Collegio Ghislieri is a 450 years old Italian institution committed to promote University studies on the basis of merit, hosting around 200 pupils (males and females) who attend all faculties in Pavia State University, offering them logistic and cultural opportunities such as scholarships, lectures, conferences, a 100.000 volumes library (the third one among private libraries in Northern Italy), foreign languages courses. Each year about 30 new students coming from all over the country are selected by public contest. Founded by Pope Pius V (Antonio Ghislieri) in 1567, since 18th century laically managed, nowadays under the High Patronage of the Presidency of the Italian Republic, it is ranked among high qualifying institutions by the Italian Ministry for Education and University. Among its distinguished alumni are Carlo Goldoni and several Italian statesmen, scientists, scholars of the last two centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="18634071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634071" title="Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 90 kg">
Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 90 kg

The Men's Freestyle 90 kg at the 1984 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Anaheim Convention Center, Anaheim, California.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18634111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634111" title="Seventh Dagger Records">
Seventh Dagger Records

Seventh Dagger Records is a straight edge independent record label releasing largely, but not solely, hardcore and metalcore albums. It was founded in 2001 and based in Creedmoor, North Carolina.
Originally formed as a clothing company, Seventh Dagger became well known for their straight edge apparel and "Kill Your Local Drug Dealer" shirts. Rhinoceros discusses these shirts in their April 2008 interview with Revolver Magazine.
Seventh Dagger Fest.
The first annual Seventh Dagger Fest was held on May 24 and 25 2008 and was held at The Mad Hatter in Covington, KY. The two-day event featured Seventh Dagger bands such as Rhinoceros, Eyes To The Sky, xTyrantx, xAFBx, Birth Of A Hero and The World We Knew as well as other well-known straight edge bands like Thick As Blood and Suicide Pact.
Distribution.
In September 2007 Seventh Dagger had officially inked a deal with East West via Warner Bros Distribution. This deal spanned both physical and digital distribution. Seventh Dagger later dropped this deal releasing the following statement...
""Why would we end that is what you would probably ask? The answer is simple, Seventh Dagger is something I have worked on for the last almost 7 years and I saw this deal being the end of the label as it was and is. I saw this as trading the underground status and soul of the label for the potential to sell more CDs and let's face it if I was here to make money I would have left a long time ago. Being a straight edge, hardcore record label is the epitome of being underground or cult and the truth of the matter is that is where we should be. Straight edge is not for the masses and it never will be, so as I see it we might have made a minor buzz for a minute then the world would move on and not give a shit and we would have been tied to some corporate distribution that I am sure could have cared less about us.""
Seventh Dagger currently distributes through several well-known distributors, including but not limited to Hot Topic, Interpunk.com, Very Distribution, RevHQ.com, Smartpunk.com, and via their own website SeventhDagger.com.

</doc>
<doc id="18634123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634123" title="Nafamostat">
Nafamostat

Nafamostat (INN), a synthetic serine protease inhibitor, is an anticoagulant.

</doc>
<doc id="18634136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634136" title="The Last Wagon">
The Last Wagon

The Last Wagon can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18634143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634143" title="Primary Structures (1966 exhibition)">
Primary Structures (1966 exhibition)

Primary Structures: Younger American and British Sculptors was a minimalist art exhibit shown from April 27 - June 12, 1966 at the Jewish Museum in New York. It was organized by the museum's Curator of Painting and Sculpture, Kynaston McShine.
Response.
This exhibit was a critical and media success as reported in "Time" and "Newsweek", presenting the public with a show dedicated to a "New Art". Critical labels for the art included "ABC art," "reductive art" and "Minimalism," though these labels were all roundly rejected by the artists themselves, notably Donald Judd.
The Primary Structures art featured new, stripped-down naked and materials with smooth, shiny surfaces, but perhaps the most unusual new idea to come from the exhibit was the concept of artist as "designer", not necessarily as "maker". During a forum on the "New Sculpture" conducted at the museum, in which McShine, Judd, Barbara Rose, Robert Morris, and Mark di Suvero participated, di Suvero famously remarked, "Primary Structures is the key show of the 1960s...", and also, "...my friend Donald Judd cannot qualify as an artist because he doesn't do the work", to which Judd replied, "...The point is not whether one makes the work or not... I don't see... why one technique is any more essentially art than another..." This show ushered in a radical new way of presenting ideas and space that did not rely on the artist's hand, but rather on the final result.
McShine, in an effort to broaden appeal and show a wide variety of artists working in this form, included a West Coast contingent and most of the British artists from the "New Generation" show at the Whitechapel Art Gallery from 1965. It appeared that Primary Structures was to be formulated around Anthony Caro's former St. Martin's students, and the American group led by a relatively established Tony Smith.
1993 renovation.
In 1989, a major expansion and renovation project was undertaken at the museum. Upon completion in June 1993, the layout of the Primary Structures show was done away with, and only a few installation shots of the show remain to record the original exhibit and the old galleries.

</doc>
<doc id="18634146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634146" title="Kristoffer Näfver">
Kristoffer Näfver

Kristoffer Näfver (born 28 March 1986 in Örebro) is a Swedish footballer, who currently plays for BK Forward.
Career.
Näfver started his career in Adolfsbergs IK and joined 2004 to Örebro SK. He played for Örebro SK until 2009, except for the second half of the 2008 season when he played on loan for Djurgårdens IF.

</doc>
<doc id="18634151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634151" title="List of Kannada films of the 1930s">
List of Kannada films of the 1930s

This is a list of Kannada feature films released by the Kannada film Industry located in Bangalore, Karnataka in the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="18634157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634157" title="Dick Briefer">
Dick Briefer

Richard "Dick" Briefer (January 9, 1915 – December 1980) was an American comic-book artist best known for his various adaptations, including humorous ones, of the Frankenstein monster. Under the pseudonym Dick Hamilton, he also created the superhero team the Target and the Targeteers for Novelty Press.
Biography.
Early life and career.
Dick Briefer studied at the Art Students League in Manhattan, New York City, and debuted in comic books in 1936 with work in "Wow, What A Magazine!", one of the era's proto-comics "Comic books": tabloid-sized collections of comic strip reprints in color, which would later include occasional new comic strip-like material. "Wow" was edited by Jerry Iger, and when the comic ceased publication with issue #4 (cover-dated Nov. 1936), Briefer freelanced for the newly formed Eisner & Iger, one of the earliest "packagers" that produced complete comics on demand for publishers entering the fledgling medium.
Briefer's earliest recorded credit is as writer and artist of a five-page story beginning an adaptation of the Victor Hugo novel "The Hunchback of Notre Dame", in "Jumbo Comics" #1-8 & 10 (Sept. 1938 - July 1939 & Nov. 1939), for the Eisner-Iger client Fiction House. Other seminal work includes drawing and possibly writing the science-fiction adventure feature "Rex Dexter of Mars", which ran in several issues of Fox Comics' "Mystery Men Comics"; "Dynamo" in Fox's "Science Comics"; "Biff Bannon" in Harvey Comics' "Speed Comics"; "Storm Curtis" in Prize Comics' "Prize Comics"; and "Crash Parker" in Fiction House's "Planet Comics". For Timely Comics, the precursor of Marvel Comics during the 1930s to 1940s period fans and historians call the Golden Age of Comic Books, Briefer created or co-created (writer credit unknown) the single-appearance superhero the Human Top in "Red Raven" #1 (Aug. 1940).
Also during this time he also drew the comic strip "Pinky Rankin", about a Nazi-fighter, for the American Communist Party newspaper "The Daily Worker."
Target and the Targeteers.
Briefer, using the pen name Dick Hamilton, created the superhero team the Target and the Targeteers for Novelty Press in 1940. The Target first appeared in "Target Comics" #10 (Nov. 1940), and the Targeteers the following issue. The team starred in "Target Comics" through issue #95 / vol. 9, #5 (July 1948). "Target" itself ran 10 more issues.
Frankenstein.
Comics' first horror feature.
In "Prize Comics" #7 (Dec. 1940), writer-artist Briefer (using the pseudonym "Frank N. Stein" in the latter role) introduced the eight-page feature "New Adventures of Frankenstein", an updated version of the much-adapted Frankenstein monster created by Mary Shelley in her 1818 novel "Frankenstein". Considered by comics historians, including Don Markstein, as "America's first ongoing comic book series to fall squarely within the horror genre", the feature, set in New York City circa 1930, starred a guttural, rampaging creature actually dubbed "Frankenstein" (unlike Shelley's nameless original monster).
In "Prize Comics" #11 (June 1941), Briefer dropped the "Frank N. Stein" pen name of the previous three stories and introduced Denny "Bulldog" Dunsan as Frankenstein's ongoing antagonist. "Prize Comics" #24 (Oct. 1942) pitted the monster against Bulldog and publisher Prize Comics' superheroes the Black Owl, the Green Lama, and Dr. Frost; the non-superpowered teens Yank and Doodle ("America's Fighting Twins"); and the namesake characters from the humor feature "General and the Corporal". As with many comics characters of the time, the monster found himself in the European theater of World War II fighting Nazis.
Humor feature.
Briefer's better-known version of the Frankenstein monster, however, developed upon the monster's return from the war, in "Frankenstein" #1 (undated, 1945), appearing roughly concurrently with the eight-page story "Enter Frances Stein" in "Prize Comics" # 53 (June 1945), which followed "possibly the last 'first version' story of Frankenstein" in "Prize Comics" # 52 (April 1945)
Now, like many returning veterans, Frankenstein settled into small-town life, becoming a genial neighbor who "began having delightful adventures with Dracula, the Wolfman and other horrific creatures. The only two times he was featured on the "Prize Comics" cover (both in 1947), he was referred to as 'The Merry Monster'". Briefer, with his trademark "loose and smooth ink and brush skills" began telling stories that would "straddle some amorphous line between pure children's humor and adventure and an adult sensibility about the world".
Author Dan Nadel, who included Briefer in his book "Art Out of Time: Unknown Comics Visionaries 1900-1969" (Harry N. Abrams, 2006, ISBN 0-8109-5838-4, ISBN 978-0-8109-5838-8), described Briefer as,
Briefer's humorous Frankenstein ran through "Prize Comics" #68 (March 1948), and his humorous "Frankenstein" ran through issue #17 (Feb. 1949). Three years later, Briefer revived the series with his original, horrific Frankenstein from #18-33 (March 1952 - Nov. 1954). This latter version appears in the reprint "The Monster of Frankenstein" (Idea Men Productions, 2006, ISBN 1-4196-4017-8, ISBN 978-1-4196-4017-9), which includes commentary by Briefer’s granddaughter, Alicia Jo Rabins.
Later life and career.
Following the cancellation of "Frankenstein" during an era that put much pressure on horror comics and other violent comic books, leading to the creation of the Comics Code, Briefer left the comic industry for commercial advertising art.
At the time of his death, Briefer was living in the Hollywood / Pembroke Pines area of Broward County, Florida.
Reprint collections.
Briefer, Dick. "The Monster of Frankenstein" (Idea Men Productions, 2006) ISBN 1-4196-4017-8, ISBN 978-1-4196-4017-9

</doc>
<doc id="18634160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634160" title="Ola Raknes">
Ola Raknes

Ola Raknes (17 January 1887 – 28 January 1975) was a Norwegian psychologist, philologist and non-fiction writer. Born in Bergen, Norway, he was internationally known as a psychoanalyst in the Reichian tradition. He has been described as someone who spent his entire life working with the conveying of ideas through many languages and between different epistemological systems of reference, science and religion (Dannevig, 1975). For large portions of his life he was actively contributing to the public discourse in Norway. He has also been credited for his contributions to strengthening and enriching the Nynorsk language and its use in the public sphere.
Raknes was known as a thorough philologist and a controversial therapist. Internationally he was known as one of Wilhelm Reich's closest students and defenders.
Family.
Ola Raknes was the son of the farmer Erik Askildson (Askjellson) Raknes (1856 – 1926) and Magdali Olsdotter (born Raknes) (1859 – 96) and grew up at the family farm of Raknes in Hamre on the island Osterøy in the Osterfjorden fjord near Bergen in a strict pietist environment. There were altogether 10 children of whom 7 grew up to become adults, and five of his siblings emigrated to the United States. He was married twice: in his first marriage in 1911 with Aslaug Vaa (1889 – 1965, the marriage was dissolved in 1938) they begot the children Magli (1912 – 1993), Anne (1914 – 2001), Tora (1916 – 1995), Erik (1919-) and Tor (1923-). The second marriage in 1941 with Gjertrud Bonde (1913 – 1975) gave him the daughter Ada (born 1952).
Studies and work side by side.
Ola Raknes attended folkeskole (primary school) on the neighbouring farm and then worked for a while on the family's farm prior to enrolling at middelskole (the next higher level in the education system of that time) in Volda. After that he graduated from the Hambros skole in Bergen in 1904. He took his examen artium as private candidate at Kristiania katedralskole in 1907. During the winter of 1907–08 he joined the elephant seal-catching vessel Solglimt to the Crozet islands in the southern Indian Ocean to collect plants and animals for the university in Kristiania. A liverwort, "Jamesoniella raknesii" was named after him. During the summers between 1910 and 1916 he served his military draft duty.
Ola Raknes took on miscellaneous teaching positions in the years between 1910 and 1914 and worked as a journalist from 1914 to 1916 in the newspaper Den 17de Mai ("the 17th of May") while at the same time continuing his studies. In addition he worked during this period as a hotel worker. In 1915 he took his cand. philol. linguistical-historical "embedseksamen" (a public exam required for most professional positions in the public sphere) with Norwegian language as major subject and English and French as minor subjects. His major thesis was about Egill Skallagrímsson. In 1916 he was headmaster at Larvik higher school for one year. In 1917 he got a position as lector in Norwegian language and Norwegian literature at Sorbonne in Paris, and he spent the four years here earnestly by studying general psychology, psychology of religion, biology, sosiology, and furthermore medieval literature, medieval philosophy and theology on the side of his teaching position. He continued these studies when, after Sorbonne, he began as lector in Norwegian at University College in London where he stayed from 1921 to 1922.
Ola Raknes' working capacity was widely spoken of, and during a period he worked both as secretary for Det Norske Samlaget, while at the same time working on the dictionary and preparing his doctoral thesis in psychology of religion, "Møtet med det heilage" ("Encounter with the Holy"), which was published in 1927. The dissertation which was also published as a book (and republished again in the 1970s), investigates the phenomenon of religious ecstasy in view of what was then recent findings and theories in the fields of ethnology, but particularly in psychology and psychoanalysis. In 1924 he went on to finish studies in pedagogy. Apart from this he also worked as a literary translator. Raknes studied psychoanalysis at the Berlin Psychoanalytic Institute from 1928 to 1929 and later at the Orgone Institute in New York in 1946. From 1929 on he had a private practice as psychoanalyst. He published some popularized essays on psychology which he collected in the book "Fri vokster" which was published in 1949. This was the first book which introduced Wilhelm Reich's theories and therapeutical practice to a Norwegian audience (Dannevig, 1975).
Working for the Nynorsk.
In May 1908 Ola Raknes, then still a student, became manager and "handyman" for Norskt Maalkontor (literally "Norwegian language office"), an office dedicated to promoting the still young Nynorsk language. In this job which he had until 1910 he dealt with book sales and administrative chores for Det Norske Samlaget. He provided the momentum behind book publications as well as sales, and he brought the accounting into order, since it hadn't been attended to for the last three years. Being the first secretary of the Samlaget he made a significant contribution to the establishing of its first real administration in a time period when publishing in Nynorsk was starting to become self-sufficient (Skard, 1975). Ola Raknes joined the Studentmållaget i Oslo (A pro-Nynorsk organization among students in Oslo) which was founded in 1900, and he attained a central position, among other thngs he was elected chairman in 1913 but had to renounce the position. In later times he would serve as an often used speaker both in the 20s and 30s. Already as a student Ola Raknes published "French-Norwegian Wordlist". Having returned from London he began working on "English-Norwegian Dictionary", which was produced between 1922 and 1927. This as well as "French-Norwegian Dictionary", which was written between 1939 and 1942, were both written for the "school book committee" within the Samlaget, where Raknes was a board member between 1915 and 1917.
Ola Raknes loved poetry, and together with I. C. Grøndahl he published the first Norwegian literature history volume in English in 1923. He was an appreciated literary translator, both of scholarly as well as artistic prose. He was the philological supervisor of Henrik Rytter's ten-volume translation of Shakespeare. Sigmund Skard writes of the two dictionaries which Ola Raknes wrote (Skard, 1975), that far from being mere glossaries, they were very personal works which again reflected the quest of Ola Raknes for his identity. Skard compares this work with that of Ivar Aasen more than 50 years earlier. Aasen had made his way through the entire tributary of Norwegian folk speech and compared it with another Nordic language: Danish. Skard writes that Raknes, "with strong power of empathy, integrated the values of two of the largest and oldest European cultural languages, procured everything that they possessed, from past to present, and confronted that with his own linguistic heritage and his personal linguistic sense. To check himself he drew in the living present-day speech in one of the richest East Norwegian rural dialects, in collaboration with his first wife, the poet Aslaug Vaa, as well as her father, the farmer Tor Vaa. Long into the future will these books be the daily benefit to everyone who works with the Norwegian language."
Both the school book committee and to some extent the popular writings committee of which he was also a member from 1911, acted as schools in publishing where the students had to deal with all aspects of book publishing: market evaluations, editorial reviews, recruitment of authors, practical editorial chores, deals with publishing houses or printers, distribution, marketing and economy. Ola Raknes' dictionaries were reputedly so meticulous that even the most abject taboo words were included, and they became important tools in the cultural struggle of the Nynorsk movement. From 1922 to 1930 he again worked for the Samlaget, this time as secretary to the board, however, in reality he was director of the publishing house. Raknes also translated several works of fiction as well as non-fiction into Nynorsk. He did a groundbreaking job in establishing a philological and psychological terminology for the language.(Dannevig, 1975) Raknes was deeply involved in the Nynorsk movement, which included the Høgnorsk movement, and he was a founding member of Norsk Måldyrkingslag ("Norwegian society for language cultivation") in 1928.
From childhood through early adulthood.
Religious longing.
Already at a very early age Ola Raknes was intensely occupied with religion. It was particularly the thought and the fear of Hell which these ruminations centered on. Sometime between the age of seven and eleven he began to wonder about what the saved people told, that by repenting they had begot, or been allowed to take part in, a new and better life, a life which the non-repented didn't know of and could not comprehend. He had a vague sense of them being right in some way, but at the same time he felt that they also were wrong. He had an opaque reminiscence of once having experienced this life, in his own words from the time he was about 3 or 4 years old, "when he was a church-builder". Later he considered this to have been a child's way of expressing that he had known another life before. From about the age of ten and several years onward he attempted to come in contact with this other life. He went to edifying meetings in the village, and he often attended church, although he, just like the saved people, figured that that in particular was less important because it was a lesser likelihood that a conversion would start there. It was a constant fear of ending in Hell which spurred him, because he was certain that was where he would go if he failed in finding his way to the new life.
Despite all his toils he never succeeded in attaining religious conversion. He felt that it would be dishonest of him if he stood up and testified the way some of his friends had done, that he had been graced, and he was also very ambivalent about believing whether all those who did so were totally honest. In hindsight Raknes found that partly what held him back was a fear of relinquishing.
Discovered determinism.
During Christmas break, shortly before he turned 17, he stumbled across a booklet about determinism. With the exception of some popularized scientific articles by G. H. Armauer Hansen, this was the first literary encounter he had which made him doubt the religious teachings which he had received until then. Even though he would later forget most of the content of the booklet, it made him consider the belief in eternal Hell without sense, and it also provided him with courage to trust his own thoughts and feelings a lot more than he had previously dared. When a little later he told his best friend, county school director Per Erdal, about his newly gained perspective on Hell, he was joyed to hear that his friend shared his view. The keen interest in religion would now lose its grip on Raknes for a number of years, and the interest in a life after death disappeared, never to return.
In the years both before and after he, as a twenty-year old, got his examen artium, it was common practice among his comrades to make jokes about and with both religion, philosophy and psychology, which was deemed more or less as superstition or play with empty words. Raknes felt that such subjects were unfit for someone who had set out to do something useful with his life, which he had. When he began to study philology after secondary school, he was hoping that the goals and literature which he would study were going to show him a field where he felt that he had a particular calling. However, as absorbing as many subjects seemed at first, none offered to him the labor which would consume him fully. And he felt likewise when it came to the women: He met many whom he liked and also many which, in retrospect, he believed also were fond of him, but during this time it felt like no woman could ever love him – even though that was what he longed for more than anything else.
Falling in love and first marriage.
He was twenty-four and a half years old when he experienced his first big love affair since childhood, an event which he experienced as both a revelation and a revolution. Up until this time he had felt as if life only moved ahead in front of him, he being merely a passive spectator. From now on he felt that he lived and that he was himself a part of life, even though he still hadn't found his particular slot work-wise. Ola Raknes and Aslaug Vaa met in the Studentmållaget i Oslo. They also were colleagues as journalists for the newspaper "Den 17de Mai" ("May the 17th" a now defunct Nynorsk newspaper, at that time one of the nation's most subscribed to. The name is a reference to the date of the Norwegian Constitution Day). It was the interest for intellectual activities which brought them together, believed Aslaug's sister-in-law Thora Vaa (married to Aslaug's brother Dyre Vaa)(Fyllingsnes, page 11). The next years would be focused on more hands-on work: the philology studies, money that had to be earned, as well as an unceasingly growing family. The first daughter, Magli, was born in Oslo the year after Ola and Aslaug married. The family was constantly moving about the first years, and the second daughter, Anne, was born at the Vaa family farm in Kviteseid in Vest-Telemark. In between they had been living in Paris where Ola and also Aslaug were enrolled as students, and they also moved back to Paris in 1919. They lived in Rue Bonnard in a milieu of Norwegian artists, Henrik Sørensen and Dagfin Werenskiold being their closest neighbours, but hanging out with the artists was more to the liking of Aslaug. When Aslaug caught typhus and had to return home to Norway after two years in Paris, the two youngest of the then four children went with her while the two oldest, Magli and Anne remained in Paris together with Ola. After the stay in Paris the family lived for about a year in Kviteseid again. Then it moved to an apartment block in Johan Bruns gate at Adamstuen in Oslo which Ola Raknes had bought. There they lived for four years. Following that they moved to Lysaker (just outside Oslo's western city limits) where they remained until 1932-33. By then Ola had begun making enough money so that they once more could move back to Oslo (Fyllingsnes, p. 6).
As the 1930s went on, the marriage began to fall apart. Ola Raknes became more absorbed by psychoanalysis while Aslaug Vaa found her path in writing poetry. Her debut occurred as late as 1934. Their marriage ended on a bitter note in 1938, following years of separate living.
Interest in the religious.
Religious debate.
About the time he turned thirty he got involved in a newspaper debate with the school man Jakob Naadland and bishop Peter Hognestad concerning reward for good deeds. The other two believed that man requires a promise of reward to be able to stay on the straight path. Ola Raknes, however, asserted, "that it is natural for man to love and be good, those are fundamental characteristics of man and needs no other 'payment' than to have the opportunity to function freely" (Raknes, 1959). Subsequent to this debate he started reading different books, mostly at random, about foreign religions, primitive as well as culture religions.
Religion studies.
The same year, 1917, he commenced his four years as lector of Norwegian language and literature at Sorbonne in Paris, and he had planned his stay such that he would get the opportunity to study of his own heart a portion of the time. The first thing he wanted to study was the relationship between French and Norwegian literature in the Middle Ages. He started to read Joseph Bédier's great work about "Les Légendes Épiques", a work which stunned him and convinced him that if he was ever going to understand the effects of Medieval French literature and its influences, he would also have to know something about Medieval philosophy and theology. Consequently he contacted the university's professor of these subjects, François Picavet, studied several of his books, attended his lectures, and had several talks with him. Picavet possessed the enviable quality of making compendia when he had worked on a subject, where he summed up the development up through the present time. In this fashion Raknes started to read William James' book "The Varieties of Religious Experience", the one book that would make the strongest impression on him above all others, and which later he would translate to Nynorsk. This was the first time that he had experienced that religion was dealt with as a natural phenomenon, and which in any case attempted to free itself from how the religions perceive themselves. He spent many weeks working his way through this book, and he walked about completely absorbed with new thoughts and feelings. Looking back, he writes that most of his friends looked upon him as if he were a loony, although a couple of artists appeared to envy him. On his last birthday, shortly before he died, Raknes described William James as the person who had had the greatest significance in his life (Dannevig). The revelation brought on him by this book was what he had been waiting for and which would show him a field of work to which he could apply himself wholly, one which in any case had importance to him, and maybe also to a lot of others.
Now, Raknes experienced that he could understand the religions from the "inside", even though he himself didn't believe in any dogmatic religion. This would have to be his task, he felt; to point out what really was true and valuable in religions and at the same time how there had entered into each single religion so much that was not true, but quite the contrary, inimical to life. His yearning to obtain further information grew strong. He needed concrete knowledge, both about the various religions, about philosophies of religion, about ethnology which provides backdrop and fertile ground for the different religions, and about life in all its appearances. He started to read as much as he could in all of these fields, partly at random, and at the university he attended lectures, classes, and seminars in general psychology and psychology of religion. psychopathology and psychiatry, and in biology. Raknes read the basics of the French school of sociology, works by among others Durkheim, Mauss, and Lévy-Bruhl, and he read numerous books about mysticism. His favourite was "Les grands mystiques" by Henri Delacroix, who was his teacher. He also read the main works of the then fledgling psychology of religion which had its origin predominantly in America, and of ethnology he read among other things a series of books by Roman Catholic missionaries
He continued these studies when, after Sorbonne, he started in a position as Norwegian lector at University College in London where he stayed between 1921 and 1922.
The source of true religion.
What Ola Raknes intended in this manner, was for him to be able to explain and demonstrate his strong conviction, which he knew he was yet unable to prove. "I wanted to be able to explain and demonstrate my own conviction, which already from the outset I perceived to be true, even though I was aware that I wasn't able to prove it. The conviction was that the source of all true religion is an inner experiencing of life and growth and contact with something outside of one's own narrow self. In its narrowest form, you can have this experience localized in a wound healing, in its widest form, it is a sensation of communion with the entire universe. At first I meant to call this experience 'growth consciousness'." (Raknes, 1959)
Back in Norway.
After three years abroad, the finances were at a low-point, and all time had to be directed toward financially profitable work. He taught languages and literature in high schools and wrote his English-Norwegian dictionary. Not until 1927, after he had turned 40, was he able to complete the book he had begun contemplating when he was in Paris, and begun working on in London. The book was "Møtet med det heilage" ("Encounter with the Holy"), and the next year he got his doctorate based upon it.
In later years of his life he explained: "I count myself a religious man, but I am an opponent of all dogmatic religion. The core of all religion is a certain experience both of oneself as a unit and of the unity between oneself and the universe." (Raknes, 1959)
From psychology of religion to psychoanalysis.
From his work with the psychology of religion, Raknes had come to the conclusion that he needed some method for investigating the subconscious if he was to go further in understanding human behaviour. That time, at the end of the 1920s, no such method existed except for psychoanalysis. In 1928, for that reason, Ola Raknes finished up his school work and moved to Berlin and began studying at the Berlin Psychoanalytic Institute with a grant from the Nansen fund. From this point he was lost to philology with the exception of finishing his French-Norwegian dictionary, which had contributed to make it possible for him to go to Berlin. While he attended apprentice analysis in Berlin with Karen Horney (who was later known as a "neo-Freudian"), he got convinced that psychoanalytic therapy was a vocation well suited to his abilities and interests. After having delivered a lecture to the Berlin chapter on "Viewpoints on psychoanalytical psychology of religion" in 1929, he was selected as member of the International Psychoanalytical Association. In the lecture Ola Raknes clearly stated his opposition to Freud's theories on religion. Raknes experienced progression in his new field of activity, and despite strong opposition from large parts of the medical profession, he was in the process of making a name for himself.
Energy- and body-based forms of therapy.
From classical psychoanalysis to the character analysis of Reich.
Ola Raknes was always searching for improvements of the therapeutic technique, and he was also dissatisfied with the traditional psychoanalytical explanatory models for man's basic drives, instincts, and aggression, and he was skeptical of the psychological dualism of Freud's theories of these contradictory basic drives, which at first moved between the instinct for self preservation and sexuality, and later between the life instinct (Eros) and the death instinct (Thanatos). It was during his stay in Berlin that Ola Raknes heard Wilhelm Reich's name for the first time, but there would still be some years before he read anything by Reich. He was still busy studying Freud and other "orthodox" psychoanalysts. It was after Reich had published his book "Charakteranalyse" in 1933 that Ola Raknes in earnest began moving toward Reich's teachings. Following that book Raknes absorbed himself in "Die Funktion des Orgasmus", then in Reich's articles in various psychoanalytical journals, and finally in Reich's own "Zeitschrift für politische Psychologie und Sexualökonomie". Ola Raknes found it all to be most interesting and rich in perspective, however, this did not cause him to change either his basic attitudes or his psychotherapeutical technique.
1934 – Meeting Wilhelm Reich.
Ola Raknes met Wilhelm Reich for the first time at the Scandinavian psychoanalysts meeting in Oslo in the Easter of 1934. Raknes was very much impressed by this strong personality, and the succinctness of his presentations and with which he presented himself during discussions about core elements of the themes that he discussed, helped Raknes attain a clearer understanding of many things. Wilhelm Reich's starting point was the psychoanalytical theories of Freud, but as early as 1925, based on experiences gained through volunteer work at his counselling clinic in Vienna for people with sexual problems, he began developing his theory of sex economy, a work which would continue until 1938. Raknes' first choice would be to commence apprentice therapy with Reich immediately, however, he had no way of travelling to Sweden where Reich was working at that time. In any case, they met again in August that same year on the 13th psychoanalytical congress in Luzern. There Ola Raknes, together with the two other Norwegian participants, professor of psychology Harald Schjelderup and child psychiatrist Nic. Hoel (who would later change her name to Nic. Waal), vehemently protested the blackballing of Reich from the International Psychoanalytical Association (I.P.V.). The Norwegian contingent was later at the congress approved as a distinct group, and this meant they could admit Reich in their membership. Wilhelm Reich did not, however, accept the offer of becoming a member when he moved to Norway later in 1934. At that time Raknes had already started in apprentice therapy with Otto Fenichel, whom he counted as one of Reich's friends and co-workers. He had from the outset told Fenichel that he would have gone to Reich if Reich had been in Norway.
Character analysis and apprentice therapy with Reich.
Shortly after Reich had arrived in Norway, he opened a seminar in character analysis. Raknes was admitted to this despite not having undergone any such analysis himself. He tried out the techniques that he learned on a couple of his patients, with fairly good results. In the fall of 1936 he asked if Wilhelm Reich would accept him for apprentice therapy, both because of personal problems and because he thought that Reich's therapeutic approach was far more efficient than the classical Freudian technique which he had applied so far. Reich was in doubt and felt that Ola Raknes was a bit old and too armored, but in the end he accepted. Ola Raknes was probably one of the first patients to whom Reich consistently applied his new technique, which he labeled characteranalytic vegetotherapy. Not surprisingly, due to Raknes' advanced age, the restructuring of his character, that is the apprentice therapy, was cumbersome and lasted for almost three years, three sessions a week. The response did not fail to appear. At times everything felt so destitute and hopeless that he doubted whether he would ever be able to do the work that he still believed he was created to do, in a way he himself would be content with – and if he couldn't manage that, there would be no reason to live even. But after a long period of time he finally began noticing that the energies started to make themselves felt; he started noticing what took place inside of his own organism, and what it would mean to be functioning freely. He was struck by the fundamental differences between characteranalytic vegetotherapy and traditional psychoanalysis. Even though he had read Reich's book on character analysis, and he had also applied the technique on his own patients, having the technique work on his own body was something altogether new. Compared to classical psychoanalysis, the technique was now extended to the interpretation of character expressions and bodily attitudes, and to working through somatical blockings through direct manipulation. (Raknes, 1959)
Characteranalytic vegetotherapy.
In his practice Raknes emphasized assisting people in working through to the living in themselves and work to release the innate propensity for development, the "free growth". The way of doing this was by removing the obstacles and blockages standing in the way, and this in turn would be effected when the person learned to acknowledge him- or herself, together with their thoughts, feelings and impulses. The most important part of this was to integrate body perception – to feel what one wanted, to yield to the urge if nothing of significance gainsayed it. In the article "Life and Religion" Raknes pointed to Wilhelm Reich's definition of life as a continuous process consisting of rhythmical shifts between mechanical tension, bioenergetic charge, bioenergetic discharge, and mechanical relaxation. In it he wrote, "Most people are going to need a certain amount of practice in noticing their own bodily states before they can experience this life rhythm. But then they are clearly going to experience it, in particular in two guises: in the rhythmical flow that penetrates the entire body when it is able to freely go along with the breathing, and particularly intense in the state popularly called 'living together', that is in the sexual orgasm".
The orgone energy.
Even though Raknes conceded that the orgone theory of Wilhelm Reich – an expanding of Freud's libido concept to encompass a general life energy, which Reich called orgone – wasn't exhaustively proven with reference to the natural sciences' demands for proof, he felt that from his own observations and experiences it must have some merit. In the book "Wilhelm Reich and orgonomy" (written in English, but translated into many different languages), which he wrote a few years prior to his death, he explains in an educational and easy-to-comprehend manner the theory and its implications for various scientific disciplines, and in relation to society. How Reich was apparently able to make use of this energy in producing rain, using a so-called cloudbuster, a technical apparatus which is said to focus and project orgone energy, Raknes was himself a witness during a visit to Reich's estate "Orgonon" in Maine in 1953:
Six times after the war Raknes traveled to the US to visit Reich, and to keep his skills and knowledge up-to-date with respect to the development of Reich's theories and methods. Then, upon his return to Norway, he would replicate as much as he could of the observations and experiments that he had witnessed in Reich's laboratory, experiments which constituted the foundation for the discovery of the bions and the orgone energy in the body.
Raknes was of the opinion that what Reich had discovered was what others before him had described, but then using other names, such as animal magnetism, chi, and prana. Raknes also believed that such phenomena as telepathy and clairvoyance were real, and felt that the only thing that would cause scientists to deny their existence was narrow-mindedness and dogmatism (Gabrielsen, 1962). He believed that continued investigation and research into the orgone energy would possibly shed light on these phenomena.
Factors drawing Raknes toward the orgone theory were his lifelong curiosity and interest for the origin of religions, the religious experience and how it shapes man, and he felt it could contribute in shedding light upon these areas on a scientific basis. Furthermore he felt that it constituted an expansion of therapeutic treatment, from being a limited psychotherapy to deserving to be called a "biotherapy".
Active as a therapist until the end.
Ola Raknes had his treatment room in the basement of his home at Nordberg in Oslo, and there he also had his own "orgone closet" where his patients sat in order to be supplied life energy, a so-called orgone accumulator. He was sought after in many locations around the world, and as late as in his last year of living, albeit tired and marked by illness (Skard, 1975), he traveled to Denmark, Germany, France, Italy, England, and the United States, to visit friends, give lectures and receive patients in orgone therapy. He treated a total of 800 patients, and on his last working day he received five patients.
Ola Raknes' work as a psychotherpist is being continued by several psychologists in Norway and also branched to other countries, in particular through Gerda Boyesen and David Boadella, both students of Raknes, who later established institutions for education of therapists in London and Switzerland, respectively.
In 1972, at the age of 85, he initiated the founding of the "Forum for karakteranalytisk vegetoterapi" (this was also the name of a journal which was established in 1992) to assist in recruiting new vegetotherapists (being then at a low point).
A notable figure in public discourse.
His support for Wilhelm Reich when he was barred from the International Psychoanalytical Association in 1934 has already been mentioned. During Reich's residency in Norway between 1934 – 39 there were vituperative debates over his theories and practice, and Ola Raknes was one of his strongest apologists. During the so-called Reich strife in the fall of 1937 and throughout 1938 the criticism that was leveled at Reich's theories and methods, in particular from traditional psychiatry, was unusually harsh. The attacks, some of which deteriorated to mudslinging and slander, were often strongly emotional, and Ola Raknes was among those of Reich's proponents who countered the criticism, which was most forcibly promulgated by the psychiatrist Johan Scharffenberg who insinuated that Reich merely pretended to be a physician, that he performed illegal medical treatment, and that Reich had wanted to perform electrical measurements on insane patients having sexual intercourse (Stai, 1954), and later by physician Gabriel Langfeldt (Raknes, 1939). Both in conjunction with the strife surrounding Reich in Norwegian public discourse, and later, during the resistance which Ola Raknes was met with in his work being an exponent for a controversial branch of psychotherapy, what Raknes "would represent, was founded on one ground only; his own experience and his scientific conscience. He was not someone merely parroting his great teacher. Nor was he an errand-boy; as a therapist he was in time going to speak out with professional authority. And the only thing that drove him, was what he believed to be the truth. In this respect he showed no deference, and cared not how others might judge him." (Skard, 1975)
Journal editor.
Raknes organized study circles and was also involved in Reich's journal projects "Zeitschrift für Politische Psychologie und Sexualökonomie" (published 1934 – 1938) and "Tidsskrift for seksualøkonomi" (Norw. "Journal for sex economy", one issue only published in 1939) which he was editing together with Odd Havrevold.
Growing recognition.
After Wilhelm Reich had left Norway for the United States in 1939, few people associated with the community of Norwegian psychoanalysts where longer willing to defend his teachings. Even the American Reich supporters were according to Raknes "disappointingly orthodox" (Dannevig, 1975). The only people left to carry on Reich's work appeared to be Ola Raknes and Nic. Waal, and following the death of Waal in 1960, Raknes was sometimes condescendingly referred to as "Reich's last disciple". Nevertheless, several psychiatrists had confidence in him, and his matter-of-fact style and all-over good reputation as a therapist saw to it that the demand from would-be patients never relented, in particular from abroad. And for the last 10 – 15 years of his life Ola Raknes was met with unanimous professional acceptance and veneration. (Skard, 1975; Kile, 1989). One among many, actor Sean Connery came to Oslo in 1967 to receive treatments by Ola Raknes (Haga, 2002), something which, for the first and only time, made the popular media give attention to his work, as they created a commotion outside his practice (Kile, 1989).
Raknes and his influence on Wilhelm Reich.
The collaboration and friendship between Ola Raknes and Wilhelm Reich would last through to Reich's death in an American prison cell in 1957. Most people have assumed that the influence between the two for the most part has gone from Wilhem Reich to Raknes, but this may not be the full picture. In the preface to the book "Det levande i muskelpanseret" ("The Living inside the Muscular Armor") which was published the same year Raknes died, another Reich therapist, Einar Dannevig, writes, "With his modest appearance and infinite loyalty toward his friend, Raknes contributed to a distorted image of himself. He is easily perceived as a loyal and grateful student of the great master even where he expressed opinions of his own which were hard fought for and well tested, Not until after he had turned 80, he wrote in the preface of his book "Wilhelm Reich and Orgonomy": 'Some developments of Reich's ideas are due to myself and I am unable to tell, in some cases, which ideas were first mentioned by me, and which ones by Reich'. The fact that this is mentioned this late in a small preface of the best and probably most integrated presentation of Reich's life work having been written, has made many people overlook the fact that Raknes to a higher degree than any other has been co-creating in the development of those ideas which today form the foundation for the advanced development in different disciplines that one sees as the aftergrowth after Wilhelm Reich. With his firm integrity and independence, coupled with realizations which Raknes had arrived at through his studies in psychology of religion, philosophy, and psychoanalysis "before" meeting Reich, Raknes becomes a true friend and associate to Wilhelm Reich. With his lacking need for prestige, he was able to satisfy Reich's unusually strong demands for outward loyalty, while at the same time acting tactfully as a correcting agent when Reich in his later years could become the victim of his usually creative, but sometimes too lively and lonely imagination. With his more thorough philosophical background and acquaintance with philosophy of science, as well as his manifested ability to systematize, Raknes has meant very much to the development of the psychotherapeutic, biological, and natural philosophical theories that are usually ascribed to Wilhelm Reich alone." (Dannevig, 1975)
Left-wing society involvement.
As he took part in the shaping of society, both the Norwegian and in general, he was focusing on the forces that frustrate and impede free life expression, in the areas love and work both. He was deeply influenced in this by Reich's sex economical sociology and mass psychology. He was a member of Norwegian Democratic Group and he joined the circle of people centering on "Orientering" in 1953. He was a member of the Socialist People's Party also from that year, and that party's successor, the Socialist Left Party. His opinion was that the making conscious of the individual's bodily-psychological awareness, to which he could contribute through his work, had to progress hand-in-hand with societal changes – in the working place, in family life and in neighborhoods. He felt that the way society was organized created dependent individuals. Those family types and norms for child rearing which were prevalent created overwhelming sensations of angst, helplessness and feelings of littleness in the small child when its vital urges and needs – sexual or related to contact with other people, or other still – were thrashed, rejected or ignored. This in turn, Raknes felt, led, in the adult individual, to a necessity, in order for it to survive, for adaptation through one of two life strategies – either a constant, compulsive striving for power and competitive mentality, or equally compulsive attempts to ingratiate with those in power, through self-effacing submission and dutifullness. Ola Raknes thus placed the focus on the connection between current character traits in Norwegian society, such as feelings of either superiority or inferiority, competitiveness and self-effacing dutifullness, and characteristic structural traits in society itself such as concentration of power and bureaucratic control, in which the former provides fertile ground for the latter. (Grønseth, 2004)
A rare aptitude for communication.
Out of all that he wrote, it was the article from 1953 whose title in English was "The Orgonomic Concept of Health and its Social Consequences" that Raknes himself valued most highly. It presents a comprehensive psychological and biological perspective of the term "health" and has garnered praise from many directions and has also been translated into many languages. Many people have nevertheless asserted "Liv og religion" (""Life and Religion"") to be Raknes' best article, originally a lecture given to the 4th Nordic Psychologist Meeting in 1956 and which deals with the living, the very feeling of being alive. It has been described as "a wise man's integrated understanding of what he has encountered in life, but also an encompassing, non-confessional "faith"." (Dannevig, 1975) Characteristic of his seemingly rock solid grasp of language as a tool for the conveying of thoughts, Raknes, being a lifelong proponent of the radical Nynorsk language, presented his speech in an "impeccable, pure in style and somewhat conservative Riksmål (a very conservative variant of the Bokmål language) in consideration of the Danes." (Dannevig, 1975)
With focus on the child and the living.
Free child rearing.
Ola Raknes was a strong proponent of providing freedom to the child so that it could make its own experiences instead of being told by adults how to perceive things: "Children always pick their own ideals. As soon as we put up ideals for them, they will start cheating on themselves. They are the ones who should make the choice." (Gabrielsen, 1962) In one of the essays in the book "Fri Vokster" ("Free growth") Raknes elaborates on how he as a psychologist sees the child's developmental dynamics being critically dependent on being given the opportunity to learn for itself to regulate such matters as going to the bathroom, what and when to eat and when and how much it wants to sleep, through experiencing and through practicing to master, without the adults spurring the child on.
Such moral rules as not to inflict harm on others or to abstain from stealing, Raknes believed children had to find out about on their own, not through admonitions or prohibitions from the parents: "I believe that when a child lies, it is because it has been punished for telling the truth. And when it steals, it is because it feels neglected in one way or another. [...children] steal the love that isn't given to them." With respect to war Raknes meant for instance that it would be fine if the parents explained why people make wars against each other and to what this can lead, but they ought to leave it to the child to figure out what to make of it all. (Gabrielsen, 1962)
The child in each of us.
Although Raknes mostly treated adult patients (Dannevig, 1975), it was the child that Ola Raknes focused on so strongly in his educational efforts to promote values and also as a therapist. The child is the center of focus in the article "Life and Religion", in the book "Fri Vokster", in his therapy and in himself the way he was – "the child in the adult" and the child in itself, in center and teeming with life, the child which is devoid of sentimentality and childishness. His friend and student, Rolf Grønseth said of him that Ola Raknes manifested this child himself in his eagerness and his joy in searching and in pride in himself the way it can be seen in children, but that has been lost in most all adults – but that he combined this with an unusual degree of sober attitude. He saw things simply and straightforwardly and gave them names that all could understand. He could easily be misjudged as being naïve, but in reality he held a broad view. (Grønseth, 1975) Similarly was his repulsion great when it came to use of force and repression of others (Dannevig, 1975).
Ola Raknes once said to his friend and student Rolf Grønseth: "I too must be allowed to die at some time". He died pursuant to a brief bout of pneumonia at the end of January 1975, only a few days after his 88th birthday.
Einar Dannevig sums up his experience of Ola Raknes as a man of spirit: "The clarity of thought and emotion, conveyed through many languages, the ability to simplify with a taste for the big and significant parts of it all together with a genuine modesty and complete absence of ambitions for power made it a distinctive and a big experience to meet Ola Raknes, preferably in person, but also in writing." (Dannevig, 1975)
Bibliography.
Raknes also wrote articles in amongst others the "International Journal of Sex Economy and Orgone Research" (under the pseudonym Carl Arnold), "Orgone Energy Bulletin", "Orgonomic Medicine" and "Syn og Segn".
Translations into Nynorsk:

</doc>
<doc id="18634165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634165" title="List of towns in Lithuania">
List of towns in Lithuania

Towns in Lithuania () retain their historical distinctivness even though for statistical purposes they are counted together with villages. At the time of the census in 2001, there were 103 cities, 244 towns, and some 21,000 villages in Lithuania. Since then three cities (Juodupė, Kulautuva, and Tyruliai) and two villages (Salakas and Jūrė) became towns. Therefore, during the 2011 census, there were 249 towns in Lithuania.
According to Lithuanian law, a town is a compactly-built settlement with a population of 500–3,000 and at least half of the population works in economic sectors other than agriculture. However, there are many exceptions as many cities, towns, and villages retain their statuses based on historical tradition. Towns usually have a church and are capitals of elderates. Some towns have a coat of arms.

</doc>
<doc id="18634175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634175" title="Lacina Traoré">
Lacina Traoré

Lacina Traoré (born 20 August 1990) is an Ivorian footballer who plays as a striker for Everton on loan from AS Monaco. He is nicknamed the “Gentle Giant”, due to his 6 ft 8in frame, Traoré is among the tallest professional footballers.
Club career.
Early career.
Traoré began his career with Jean-Marc Guillou's football school ASEC Mimosas, before joining Stade d'Abidjan in 2006. He played in Abidjan until January 2008, when he joined the Romanian club CFR Cluj.
CFR Cluj.
Traoré made his European debut with CFR, scoring a second goal in the first match of the 2009–10 UEFA Europa League group stage, against Copenhagen. He then scored another goal in the 3–2 loss home against Sparta Prague.
The following season for Traoré as he continued to be in the first team regular. Lacina Traoré scored his first league goal of the season and set up Cristian Bud in a Astra Giurgiu on 13 August 2010. Traoré received his first red card of his career after a brutal foul in the second half as Cluj lose 3–0 against CSMS Iași on 20 August 2010. On 15 November 2010, he scored his first brace of his career in a 3–0 win over Gloria Bistrița. In the 2010–11 UEFA Champions League group stage, Traoré scored one goal in the 2–1 win against Basel and one goal in the 1–1 draw against Roma (after hitting the post twice in Italy against the same team in the first match), both matches in group phase and home.
Kuban Krasnodar.
In February 2011, Traoré transferred to Kuban Krasnodar in the Russian Premier League for a reported fee of €6 million. In the opening game of the season on 13 March 2011, Traoré made his debut, coming on as a substitute, in a 2–0 loss against Rubin Kazan. On 2 April 2011, Traoré scored his first league goal of the season and set up a goal for Vladislav Kulik in a 3–1 win over Spartak Moscow. On 10 June 2011, he scored his first brace in Russian Football and set up a goal for Gheorghe Bucur in a 3–2 win over Amkar Perm. By May, Traoré was voted player of the month by the club over his recent good performance.
Anzhi Makhachkala.
On 29 June 2012, Anzhi reported that they had signed Lacina Traoré for an undisclosed fee. Media reports estimated the transfer fee to be around €18 million.
Traoré scored his first goal for the club against former club Kuban Krasnodar on 22 July, scoring the winner for Anzhi in the 43rd minute. In Anzhi's first European campaign in nine years, the club played its first match in the qualification round against AZ and scored in a 1–0. He would score another in the second leg and the club would eventually advanced to the Group Stage after a 5–0 win. He scored another goal, in Anzhi's 1–0 defeat of Liverpool on 8 November in a Europa League group stage game.
Monaco.
On 4 January 2014, Traoré signed a four-and-a-half-year contract with Monaco.
The fee is said to be around $40 million.
Everton.
He joined Everton on loan on 24 January 2014 until the end of the 2013–14 Premier League season. He scored his first Everton goal on his debut on 16 February, the opener in a 3-1 FA Cup win over Swansea City. Traoré injured his hamstring in the warm-up for the game against Chelsea on 22 February 2014, ruling him out for weeks and possibly requiring surgery.
International career.
2011 CAF U-23 Championship.
Traoré was involved in Ivory Coast's successful 2011 CAF U-23 Championship qualification campaign. Traoré scored against Liberia U23 in a 4-0 win. He was also named in the Ivory Coast squad for the final stage of the tournament, which acted as CAF's qualification for the Summer Olympics football tournament. Ivory Coast did not fair too well in the competition finishing third in the Group stage behind Egypt and Gabon. Traoré scored a consolation goal against Gabon in a 3-1 loss. 
2013 CAF Africa Cup of Nations.
Traoré was selected in the final squad for the Ivorians, playing in two games. He played for 68 minutes versus Tunisia before he was replaced by Didier Drogba and he had a 7 minute cameo versus Nigeria in the quarter final stage which ended the Ivorians' campaign following a 2-1 loss. 

</doc>
<doc id="18634177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634177" title="Magister Trilogy">
Magister Trilogy

The Magister Trilogy is a fantasy trilogy written by Celia S. Friedman. It includes:

</doc>
<doc id="18634184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634184" title="List of Kannada films of the 1940s">
List of Kannada films of the 1940s

The list of Kannada feature films released by the Kannada film Industry located in Bangalore, Karnataka in the 1940s. 

</doc>
<doc id="18634187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634187" title="Claremont County, South Carolina">
Claremont County, South Carolina

Claremont County was a county in east central South Carolina. Its county seat was Stateburg. It lasted from its creation from 1785, when it was created from the Camden District, until it was absorbed into the newly created Sumter District in 1800.

</doc>
<doc id="18634190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634190" title="List of Kannada films of the 1950s">
List of Kannada films of the 1950s

The list of Kannada feature films released by the Kannada film Industry located in Bangalore, Karnataka in the 1950s. 

</doc>
<doc id="18634194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634194" title="Ousmane Viera">
Ousmane Viera

Ousmane Viera Diarrassouba (born 21 December 1986 in Daloa) is an Ivorian footballer who plays for Turkish Süper Lig club Çaykur Rizespor. He is a very destructive central defender come striker who is known for his excellent strength pace and venomous shot most recognized on the game fifa 14 he is also known for his dedication on the pitch.
International career.
He represented his country at the 2008 Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18634197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634197" title="List of Kannada films of the 1960s">
List of Kannada films of the 1960s

The list of Kannada feature films released by the Kannada film Industry located in Bangalore, Karnataka in the 1960s. 

</doc>
<doc id="18634213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634213" title="KOYO-LP">
KOYO-LP

KOYO-LP (107.1 FM) is a low-powered community radio station licensed to serve Oroville, California. The station is owned by the Oroville Southside Community Improvement Association, Inc. It airs a variety format. The studio is located on Bird Street in Oroville. The transmitter is located on top of the historical Oroville Hotel.
The station was assigned the KRBS-LP call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on April 26, 2001.
KRBS-LP was the second community radio barnraising of the Prometheus Radio Project.
The station changed its call sign to the current KOYO-LP on December 30, 2013.
Studios.
The KRBS-LP studios were originally located at 2076 Bird Street but have recently moved to 2360 Oro Quincy Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="18634217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634217" title="List of Kannada films of the 1970s">
List of Kannada films of the 1970s

This is a list of Kannada language films released in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="18634229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634229" title="Enocitabine">
Enocitabine

Enocitabine (INN, marketed under the brand name Sunrabin) is a nucleoside analog used as chemotherapy.
Sunrabin contains the emulsifier HCO-60, which can cause allergic reactions.

</doc>
<doc id="18634234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634234" title="2008 Nordea Nordic Light Open – Doubles">
2008 Nordea Nordic Light Open – Doubles

Anabel Medina Garrigues and Virginia Ruano Pascual were the defending champions, but lost in the semifinals to Iveta Benešová and Barbora Záhlavová-Strýcová.
Iveta Benešová and Barbora Záhlavová-Strýcová won in the final 7–5, 6–4, against Petra Cetkovská and Lucie Šafářová.

</doc>
<doc id="18634243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634243" title="Business service management">
Business service management

Business service management (BSM) is an approach used to manage business-aligned IT services. A BSM philosophy promotes a customer-centric and business-focused approach to Service Management, aligning business objectives and priorities with IT or ICT from strategy through to operations and continual improvement.
A BSM approach is most commonly applied in an Information and communications technology (ICT) environment, positioned above IT Service Management (ITSM) (which is often exercised according to guidance such as ITIL). BSM is distinctive in ensuring that business and customer objectives provide an input which is considered when defining the IT Service Management approach and the business services to be offered by the IT Service Provider (whether an internal IT department or an external service provider).
According to the 2011 edition of ITIL, business service management is "the management of business services delivered to business customers. Business service management is performed by business units."
ITIL, according to the ITIL books themselves, is "a set of best-practice publications for IT service management". ITIL does not, therefore, give guidance on Business Service Management or Service Management outside of the IT domain.
A BSM approach can be used to understand the impact of business needs on IT Services and infrastructure, helping in the process of planning to ensure the portfolio of Business Services and IT Services aim to support these changing needs and objectives. This approach also helps to understand how technology, including incidents, changes and new developments, impact the business and customers. BSM can provide a dynamic method for linking key service components and capabilities to the goals of the business. It can help prioritize the activity and response of IT staff and service providers based on business priorities, and identify the impact and cost of service outages.
Advocates of BSM often use it to support a cultural change from one which is very technology-focused to a position which understands and focuses on business objectives and benefits. Rather than supporting an internalized technology view, there is a shift to recognize and support customer needs and the delivery of value to business stakeholders including shareholders. A BSM initiative often underpins a shift in maturity for an IT department or service provider towards a more proactive and predictive operating model rather than the reactive and fire-fighting behavior which has been common in many IT operations. IT departments and Service Providers who reach this level of maturity often report improved relationships with their customers and business colleagues, being recognized as 'Trusted Business Partners' and 'Competent Suppliers' who deliver added business value rather than being considered a commodity or 'Necessary Evil'.
The benefits of adopting a BSM approach will vary for different organisations, but typically include: improved relationships with customers, suppliers and colleagues; service quality improvements; cost reductions through improved efficiency; and a reduction in service outages and the impact of outage.
Based on industry best/good practice, standards, guidance and methodologies such as ITIL and ISO/IEC 20000, a BSM approach can ensure ICT departments and Service Providers operate in a more efficient and effective manner to underpin business objectives.
Business Services and IT Services.
Business Services are delivered to customers, supporting their needs, sometimes through the support for a business process or directly supporting a service or product delivered to end customers. A business service may be supported by one or more IT Service(s), and may consist almost entirely of IT Services especially where the IT Service is directly customer-facing. Examples include online banking and online shopping.
An IT Service may not be customer-facing, for example an IT Service which is seen as 'back office' as it supports the execution of an internal business process, such as the support for a billing process which the Finance department would own and manage.
Service Management.
Service Management is a generic activity which didn't originate from the IT industry, and therefore is much bigger and more widely applied than IT Service Management or Business Service Management. BSM and ITSM can be considered as applications of Service Management in a specific context.
IT departments and IT Service Providers may only deliver IT Services, but could also be providers of Business Services.
BSM Technology Tools.
Many software vendors offer products which aim to support ITSM and/or BSM. These tools are often described as BSM tools, but they should not be seen as BSM in themselves. The tools may underpin and support a service management capability which includes people who execute service management, their portfolio of services and the process framework. BSM, ITSM, and Service Management in general, are not a set of software tools or products. They are all activities and approaches to the management of services throughout their lifecycle.
BSM is a set of management software tools, processes and methods to manage IT via a business-centered approach. BSM technology tools are designed to help IT organizations view and manage technology environments to better support and maintain the main services they provide to the business. BSM tools are critical enablers for the increasingly popular process that focuses on IT Service Management (ITSM) approach. BSM consists of both structured process and enabling software. The Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL), a set of IT management frameworks and concepts, has recently identified BSM as a best practice for IT infrastructure management and operations.
BSM allows IT departments to operate by service rather than by individual configuration items or technology silo, enabling prioritization of efforts, ultimately improving the service that is delivered to the business or organization. 
Touching on all the lifecycle processes within the Information Technology Infrastructure Library, BSM is a way to bring together many disparate processes and tools, and creating quantifiable improvement in efficiency and the ability to view technology as it is germane to business process.
Compared to traditional network monitoring.
BSM software is an outgrowth of network management systems as the software tracks the performance and availability of the networks components across a data center. Traditional network management systems focus on measuring and monitoring the technical metrics and trends of IT applications and infrastructure. The primary users of these systems are technicians and systems administrators in the operations organization. Although these systems enable the IT operations team to identify problem areas from a technical point-of-view for a given piece of the infrastructure, significant gaps exist in determining the business impact of a specific problem. For example, if a router and a server fail at the same time, these systems offer no way for the network operations center operator to determine which of these is more critical or which business services have been impacted by the failure of these devices.
Additionally, newer technologies such as service-oriented architectures (SOA), virtualization, cloud computing, portal frameworks, grid architectures, and mashups within an organizations make troubleshooting and monitoring of business services very difficult. A single business process or service may be supported by a number of composite applications, all of which could be dependent on a diverse set of distributed computing and communications elements. An isolated issue anywhere in this complex web may impact one or more tasks in the business process. Traditional network management systems and technology-centric monitoring approaches are incapable of determining the business impact of an issue in such a complicated infrastructure environment. This has given rise to Application Performance Management and the Real user monitoring (RUM) technology that now monitors the End User Experience (EUE) in real-time.
Newer BSM systems provide a unified view of the data center, allowing data center administrators to view and manage applications, networks and events, usually from a common dashboard. This means data center managers can see and troubleshoot problems before business customers do.
Business Management Methodology.
Although BSM is sometimes known as a methodology for information technology management by aligning IT services and the IT infrastructure supporting those services with business processes, it is also sometimes considered a methodology for business management by helping businesses, including their IT departments, view their activities as services that are provided to external and internal customers.
BSM provides a critical framework to make sure that the work of customer-facing and internal teams within an organization is defined and transparent to their customers, who can then influence the functionality and quality of the services they receive.
BSM complements business process management (BPM) by helping an organization deliver more effective services across business processes. Together, BSM and BPM form the basis for all-encompassing, full-stack process-optimization platforms. BSM adds a service-centered view across business processes and facilitates economies of scale for services that contribute to multiple processes.
BSM also goes beyond IT service management (ITSM). BSM helps organizations better understand the business services that operate on top of the IT infrastructure, combining IT and non-IT management tools into a cohesive system for service delivery.
BSM is team-focused and can be used by any team in an organisation to improve performance, based on ownership, pride, commitment and teamwork. Through BSM, teams can formalise the services they provide as internal service level agreements (SLAs) or operational level agreements (OLAs). BSM can also help teams review their “People, Process and Technology” capabilities and limitations to see how they can improve them and consequently improve the services they provide.

</doc>
<doc id="18634265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634265" title="Eric Koreng">
Eric Koreng

Eric Koreng (born May 16, 1981 in Stralsund, Germany) is a beach volleyball player from Germany. Koreng and team mate David Klemperer represented Germany at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="18634282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634282" title="Asociación de Artistas Plásticos de El Salvador">
Asociación de Artistas Plásticos de El Salvador

The Asociación de Artistas Plásticos de El Salvador (ADAPES) is a prominent arts association in El Salvador. ADAPES was founded in 1980 by a group of recognized Salvadoran artists. The group's fundamental objective was initially the promotion of plastic arts in El Salvador. Since then, and with the collaboration of private and public institutions, ADAPES has branched out into promoting painting, sculpture and related visual arts in El Salvador. 
Notable ADAPES members include Marco Valencia, Francisco Zayas, Licry Bicard,Marielos Imery, Romeo Galdamez,Mayra Barraza,Fredis Monge,Hugo Martinez, Carlos Cartagena,Salvador Llort,Mauricio Castillo,Mauricio Linares Aguilar, Evelyn Quinteros, Amber Rose, Tessie Scharaga, Dagoberto Nolasco, Ivan Bran, Armando Solis, Giovanni Gil, Victor Cartagena, Elisa Archer, Alberto Merino, Marta Eugenia Valle, Ricardo Portillo, Flor Nuila, Antonio Lara, Maria Kahn, Gilberto Arriaza

</doc>
<doc id="18634286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634286" title="Enviomycin">
Enviomycin

Enviomycin (INN, also called tuberactinomycin N) is an antibiotic drug, isolated from "Streptomyces griseoverticillatus" var. "tuberacticus". It is used in the treatment of tuberculosis. 

</doc>
<doc id="18634318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634318" title="Barracuda-class submarine">
Barracuda-class submarine

"Barracuda" class may refer to one of several classes of submarine:

</doc>
<doc id="18634327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634327" title="Great Bell of Dhammazedi">
Great Bell of Dhammazedi

The Great Bell of Dhammazedi ( ) is a bronze bell, believed to be the largest bell ever cast. It was cast on 5 February 1484 by order of King Dhammazedi of Hanthawaddy Pegu, and was given as a present to the Shwedagon Pagoda of Dagon (today's Yangon, Myanmar).
Description.
In 1484, prior to the casting of the bell, King Dhammazedi's astrologer advised him to postpone the date, because it was at the astrologically inauspicious time of the Crocodile constellation, and the resulting bell would not produce any sound. After the bell was completed, it reportedly gave an unpleasant sound.
According to texts of the time, the bell was cast of 180,000 viss (294 t) of metal which included silver and gold, as well as copper and tin. The bell was said to be twelve cubits high and eight cubits wide.
In 1583, Gaspero Balbi, a Venetian gem merchant, visited ancient Dagon and the Shwedagon Pagoda. He wrote in his diary about the King Dhammazedi Bell. His description of the Great Bell said that it had writing engraved from top to bottom around its circumference that he could not decipher at that time:
Theft from Shwedagon Pagoda.
European explorers and merchants began to make contacts in Lower Burma in the early 16th century. Filipe de Brito e Nicote, a Portuguese warlord and mercenary known as "Nga Zinka" to the Burmese, arrived in Lower Burma sometime in the 1590s. At that time, Syriam (now known as Thanlyin) was the most important seaport in the Burmese Kingdom of Taungoo.
In 1599, de Brito led an Arakanese force which sacked Syriam and Pegu (now known as Bago), the capital of Lower Burma. The King of Arakan appointed de Brito as governor of Syriam. By 1600, de Brito had extended his power across the Bago River to Dagon and the surrounding countryside. De Brito declared independence from the Arakanese king in 1603 and established Portuguese rule under Aires de Saldanha, Viceroy of Portuguese India.
In 1608 De Brito and his men removed the Dhammazedi bell from the Shwedagon Pagoda and rolled it down Singuttara Hill to a raft on the Pazundaung Creek. From here, the bell was hauled by elephants to the Bago River. The bell and raft were lashed to de Brito's flagship for the journey across the river to Syriam, to be melted down and made into ships cannons. The load proved to be too heavy however: at the confluence of the Bago and Yangon Rivers, off what is now known as Monkey Point, the raft broke up and the bell went to the bottom, taking de Brito's ship with it.
Burmese forces under King Anaukpetlun recaptured Syriam in September 1613. De Brito was executed by impalement on a wooden stake, a punishment reserved for defilers of Buddhist temples.
Current status.
Many people have tried to save the bell, thus far without success. Professional deep sea diver, James Blunt, has made 115 dives to find the bell, using sonar images of objects in the area for guidance. Making it even harder to find is the fact that there are also 3 shipwrecks in the area. The water is muddy and visibility is extremely poor under the surface. The Dhammazedi Bell is thought to be buried in of mud. The great Bell rests between the wrecks of two Dutch East Indiaman ships: "Komine" and "Koning David", along with small pieces of De Brito's galleon.
In 2000, the Burmese government asked an English marine scientist named Mike Hatcher and his team to raise the bell; they wanted to see it restored to the Pagoda. Hatcher agreed to undertake the project, which has involvement from Japanese, Australian and American companies. Richard Gere is involved in raising funds.
The project is not without its opponents: Some pro-democracy campaigners say the salvage operation might be misconstrued as an endorsement by the international community of Myanmar's military dictatorship, and should wait until talks with the regime have progressed or until such time as a democratic government is in place.
One of seven salvage projects forecast for Mike Hatcher and his team in 2001, Mike's team was slated to begin the search for the precise location of the Dhammazedi Bell in March that year. After a flurry of excitement stirred up by BBC's announcement of the project, however, it apparently did not get off the ground, perhaps due to complications involved in his discovery in June 2000 of a huge sunken wreck in Indonesian waters, with the largest collection of porcelain ever found.
If the project ever does go forward, divers will use some combination of sub-bottom profilers, personal mounted sonar, night vision devices, and copper sulphate detectors to locate the bell (since the mud around all that bronze would be expected to have a high concentration of copper sulphate). About nine months after the survey they expect to lift the bell from the river. To do this, they will have to build a small version of a North Sea oil platform in the muddy rapids of the confluence of two rivers, and assemble a large crane to lift the bell out of the water. Once it is lifted, they will construct a railway to transport it uphill about half a mile to the Shwedagon Pagoda. This final operation will take about four months.
In July 2010, the "Myanmar Times" reported an Australian documentary filmmaker and explorer Damien Lay to be another foreigner who had decided to take it up as his new project. Lay and his team, conducted extensive side scan sonar surveys and diving operations, covering approximately four square kilometers of river floor in the area where it was believed the bell may be located. Lay and his team, identified and confirmed the presence of fourteen shipwrecks in the area where the bell is believed to be located. Lay and his team identified two significant targets and acquired sonar imagery of both the bell and the galleon ship. Both targets are visible to sonar and resting on the sea floor. The location of these targets has not been released. Both targets are well outside the area where the bell was previously thought to be. Lay had stated that the location of the bell was not where most people thought, that the myths and legends surrounding the location of the bell was not supported by evidence and that the location of the bell had been significantly overlooked by the misinterpretation of the history. "The location of the bell was quite surprising", Lay said.
Lay had conducted the bell search as part of the Lady Southern Cross Search Expedition, an ongoing operation privately funded operation conducted over the past eight years by Lay. The bell search was conducted as return to gesture to people and Government of Myanmar for their assistance and support in allowing Lay to search for and recover the wreckage of the "Lady Southern Cross" and remains of Sir Charles Kingsford Smith and John Thompson "Tommy" Pethybridge, who disappeared off the coast of Myanmar on November 8, 1935.
Previous attempts to locate the bell, by both domestic and foreign teams since 1987, either failed or did not materialize. Some treasures from the Shwedagon, part of the loot, are also believed to be there guarded by "nat" spirits, and some locals have claimed to have sighted the bell surfacing on a full moon night.
At the end of June 2012, the Historical Research Department of the Ministry of Culture and SD Mark International LLP Co of Singapore held a workshop in Yangon for a renewed attempt with the Singaporean firm pledging USD 10 million for the non-profit project.

</doc>
<doc id="18634329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634329" title="Turklish">
Turklish

Turklish (or Türkilizce), a portmanteau of "Turkish" and "English", refers to the language contact phenomenon that occurs primarily where native Turkish speakers frequently communicate in English, such as in Turkish expatriate communities in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, among the students of the many English speaking universities, high schools and corporations of Istanbul and other major cities. To a lesser extent, the same phenomenon can be observed in expatriate communities in Turkey.
Turklish speakers borrow a considerable amount of their vocabulary from English while speaking Turkish, and vice versa. It is not uncommon for a speaker of Turklish to frequently switch back and forth between the two languages, sometimes mid-sentence.
Sometimes, some English idioms and proverbs are directly translated into Turkish, and vice versa, possibly creating a confusing situation.

</doc>
<doc id="18634336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634336" title="Eppegem">
Eppegem

Eppegem is a village in the municipality of Zemst, Flemish Brabant, Belgium.
Eppegem lies on the river Zenne.

</doc>
<doc id="18634353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634353" title="Naftopidil">
Naftopidil

Naftopidil (INN, marketed under the brand name Flivas) is an antihypertensive drug which acts as a selective α1-adrenergic receptor antagonist or alpha blocker.

</doc>
<doc id="18634358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634358" title="In-flight advertising">
In-flight advertising

In-flight advertising is advertising that targets potential consumers aboard an airline. It includes commercials during in-flight entertainment programming, advertisements in in-flight magazines or on Boarding Passes, ads on seatback tray tables and overhead storage bins, and sales pitches by flight attendants. Ads can be tailored to the traveler's destination, or several of the airlines destinations, promoting local restaurants, hotels, businesses and shopping.
Evolution.
After a long period of slow growth, the volume of traveler-targeted ads is set to positively explode as airlines look to advertising to pump up their bottom lines.
The European discount airline Ryanair uses in-flight advertising on overhead bins, seatbacks, airsick bags, and on the sides of its jets.
The U.S. airline US Airways displays ads on tray tables and on airsickness bag.
In the latest move, a lot of airlines have signed up with companies like Sojern or Ink to have ads published on the boarding passes online customers print on their home computers. The latest one is Cebu Pacific.
Statistics.
According to surveys by QMedia and Triad Consulting Group:
Boarding passes advertising.
Boarding pass advertising relies on the use of targeted advertising technologies. When the passenger checks on-line he has the possibility to click on the various ads and suggestions suggested on the boarding pass. When travelers print their boarding passes, the ads will automatically be printed, too. Fliers can, however, click a box to prevent the ads from being printed. 
The ads are used by airlines to increase revenue and for advertisers to target travelers down to their departure city and destination.
Criticism.
In-flight advertising has come under fire for being too intrusive, as it has expanded "to offset rising fuel costs and other operating expenses." A 2005 article in the "Washington Post" called passengers "captive customers," accusing airlines of being "aggressive pitchmen for a range of products to passengers at 30,000 feet." Moreover, targeted advertising used on boarding passes has been cited as a breach of privacy.

</doc>
<doc id="18634364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634364" title="Edward G. Connors">
Edward G. Connors

Edward G. Connors (January 1, 1933 Sharon, Massachusetts- June 12, 1975 Dorchester, Massachusetts) also known as "The Bulldog" and "Eddie", was an associate of the Winter Hill Gang and successful bar owner in Revere, Massachusetts.
Biography.
Edward George Connors was born in Sharon but raised in the Old Colony housing development at 265 East Ninth in South Boston, one of the Boston Housing Authority's oldest housing developments. His family suffered from financial problems and moved around frequently, they later moved to New Bedford, Massachusetts where they gave birth to his younger brother James Connors (December 24, 1936 - November 9, 2006). Like Edward, James pursued a career as a professional featherweight boxer like his brother Edward and later a career in the U.S. Air Force. Edward was a sparring partner of Anthony Veranis and Joe DeNucci. Edward had a close physical resemblance to heavyweight boxer Rocky Marciano. As a youth he was a regular at the L Street Curley Gym and Bathhouse located at 1663 Columbia Road in South Boston where Stephen Flemmi, James J. Bulger, Frank Salemme and William Bulger all hung out. In high school he was in the Old Colony Regional Vocational Technical High School basketball team in North End, Boston as number "4" in 1955 and brought the team to the state championships that year. 
After graduating high school he enlisted in the U.S. Marines. His brother James followed Edward into the military and joined the U.S. Air Force and became a fighter pilot stationed at McGuire Air Force Base. Edward was trained at Fort Devens, Massachusetts where he was later placed in the 1st Battalion 25th Marines. While in the U.S. Marines he started boxing and excelled at it. After his honorable discharge he took up professional boxing. During his professional boxing career he received sponsorship by the boxing equipment and sportswear company Ben Lee, which would also sponsor his younger brother, James. As a professional boxer he worked with professional welterweight boxer and trainer Andy Escobar, Connors was his only client. He later opened up several barrooms in Revere and Dorchester, Massachusetts including "The Bulldog Tavern" in Savin Hill which began a hangout for known mob associates, loansharking and bookmaking. He is a close friend of Winter Hill Gang associate Alan Fidler. He was involved in bookmaking, loan sharking and drug trafficking with Alan Fidler. Edward was a close friend of future Massachusetts State Senator William R. Keating and Boston Mayor Ray Flynn who were introduced to each other for the first time at his saloon, The Bulldog. He was known as a vicious bar room brawler and worked as a bouncer and a bartender at The Bulldog which he used as his criminal headquarters for illegal gambling, drug dealing, loansharking and planned armed robberies with his associates.
Boxing career.
Edward was a welterweight boxer who fought with an orthodox stance. He was known for his agility and quickness to fight and earned a reputation as a "hard hitter". During his professional boxing career he weighed between 158 and 161 pounds. His first professional fight was against Billy Wilcox on August 3, 1954 in Boston, Massachusetts. On April 20, 1959 Connors was knocked out by Tony DeMarco in the sixth round and lost. His last professional boxing match was against Willie Green on December 21, 1960 in Providence, Rhode Island. On April 14, 1959 he boxed against future Massachusetts State Auditor Joe DeNucci and lost. On November 21, 1960 he fought against Willie Green for the New England Middleweight title championship and lost. During his overall professional boxing career he won twenty-two fights and had eighteen fights end in knock outs. He would later use his boxing training to handle drunk and disorderly customers in his Bulldog Tavern where he acted as a bartender and bouncer.
Both Edward Connors and Jimmy Connors were managed by Maury Fisher.
Spike O'Toole slaying.
Winter Hill Gang associate James "Spike" O'Toole was a troubled alcoholic and a habituate of Connor's saloon, the Bulldog Tavern in Savin Hill. He tipped off his friend Howie Winter about O'Toole's drinking habits, and Winter told Connors to inform him the next time O'Toole was drinking at his saloon. O'Toole was later machine gunned by John Martorano as he walked out of his saloon on December 1, 1973.
Gangland slaying.
After "Spike" O'Toole's gangland murder, Connors openly discussed his role in orchestrating the O'Toole murder with associates and patrons of his saloons in 1975. He also had been arrested in the commission of a botched armed robbery. Howie Winter soon learned that Connors was talking and that Connors was implicating the Winter Hill Gang in the O'Toole murder. Winter sent a message to Connors to give Winter the number for a "safe" telephone (one that was not tapped by the authorities), at which Winter could call Connors and discuss the matter. Connors was to appear at the station at 9:00 p.m. to receive the call from Howie Winter. Howie obtained the number and James J. Bulger, John Martorano and Stephen Flemmi tracked the number through contacts at Boston Edison to a pay telephone outside a gas station on William T. Morrissey Boulevard in Dorchester. Winter then arranged to call Connors at that telephone at a pre-determined time. One hundred yards away, 150 officers from the Boston Police Department were enjoying a banquet. All later reported to their superiors that they did not hear any of the gunfire. The only problem for the murder, was a Metropolitan District Commission police traffic detail was situated almost directly across the boulevard from the phone booth. 
James J. Bulger quickly found another phone booth and called in a false accident report to the MDC police. The traffic detail immediately left to answer the alarm, and moments later Connors pulled up in his Cadillac to await the call. On June 12, 1975, John Martorano drove to the gas station with James J. Bulger and Stephen Flemmi in a stolen sedan. The two men walked to the phone booth where Connors was talking to Howie Winter. Bulger and Flemmi, armed with a shotgun and automatic carbine rifle riddled the telephone booth with bullets, hitting Connors numerous times almost cutting him in two. He died instantly.
Personal attack on William Bulger.
By 1993, it became clear to the junior members of the Massachusetts State Senate that, in his fifteenth year as president, William Bulger had solidified his position. At this time, Bulger was trying to expand his political influence. When Mayor Ray Flynn quit City Hall to become ambassador to the Vatican, a special election was scheduled to replace him. Bulger quickly mobilized his troops behind Representative James Brett of Dorchester, the husband of his long-time secretary Patricia Brett. Brett made it to the runoff, but in the final couldn't overcome Thomas Menino, who as the president of the City Council had become acting mayor after Flynn's departure. But the fact that Billy had been able to muscle his lightweight candidate into the final meant he wasn't quite dead yet.
Many younger Democratic politicians were growing concerned about the governship gone and considered the U.S. senators less than attentive to state politics, the face of the Democratic Party had become William Bulger. It was generally construed that any Democrat candidate who ran for governor was portrayed as a puppet for James J. Bulger and the organized crime element in the city. The Democrats would remain in control of the legislature, but the state senate presidency would remain out of reach for any hopeful candidates until William Bulger was forced to resign or was defeated by an opposition member. 
That task eventually fell to William R. Keating of Sharon, the same neighborhood that Edward was born and raised in. Senator Keating was not an unlikely candidate and competitor of William Bulger to run for the Senate presidency. William Bulger understood that any legislative leader who wished to survive must preserve at least an illusion of upward mobility for his members. If the rank-and-file legislator saw no future for himself in the status quo, Keating would more likely be willing to participate in any uprising against the leadership. 
Everyone knew that for Billy to survive in the senate, he would have to start easing out his more ambitious members, which including Bill Keating. Billy offered Keating a judgeship, which Keating turned down. Following the job refusal, one day in the spring of 1993, in the Senate chamber in front of the podium, he goaded Billy Bulger. He began talking about his old friend, Mayor Ray Flynn. Keating went on, in loud terms, what a great guy Flynn was. Finally Billy handed the gavel to one of his underlings and stalked off the rostrum, steaming. 
A few minutes later, a court officer told Keating that Billy wanted to see him. Bulger told Keating, ""That Flynn is a not a good person, you know."" Keating replied, ""I have known Ray for a long time. I knew him since before I was even a state representative. You know where I first met him? I met him at this bar in Savin Hill. Maybe you heard of it - the Bulldog Tavern. Yeah, I'm in the Bulldog, and so's Ray, and this guy I know, he introduces us. You know who that guy was? I was Eddie Connors."" 
Keating was talking about the same Edward G. Connors that Billy's brothers, James J. Bulger and Stephen Flemmi had machine gunned to death in a telephone booth on Morrissey Boulevard in 1975. Billy Bulger knew Connors very well, his saloon The Bulldog was located in his ward and a suspected victim of his brother, James. It was verboten to mentioned James J. Bulger or his crimes, in Billy's presence, and Keating had done it, in a backhanded way no less, with a smirk on his face. Keating spoke up, "Yeah, Mr. President. It was poor Eddie Connors who introduced me to Ray Flynn. You remember, Eddie Connors, Mr. President?"

</doc>
<doc id="18634370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634370" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Salem">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Salem

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Salem () is a diocese located in the city of Salem in the Ecclesiastical province of Pondicherry and Cuddalore in India.
History.
Spread of Christianity in Salem.
Jesus Christ is the hinge on which the doors of history swing. The centuries are measured from his birth. He faced a humble birth and a bloody death to bring salvation to mankind. After resurrection, his apostles spread his teachings. The apostles collected all the doctrines of Jesus Christ and call them gospel . They went about in different directions administering the sacraments in the cause of spreading Christianity. St. Paul and St. Peter were the early reputed apostles St. Peter spread Christianity in Rome where he also established a church and became the first Bishop. The credit of popularizing Christianity in Syria, Jerusalem, Palestine and Greece goes to St. Paul.
St. Thomas Didymas, one of the disciples of Jesus Christ, came to India and introduced Christianity in Malabar coast in Kerala and Mylapore (Chennai) in Tamil Nadu. He came to India at the invitation of king Gundophorus an Indo-Parthian king who ruled over Kabul to spread gospel. He carried out his evangelical work in Kerala with much vigour. He converted the upper class Hindu families in Cranganore. Palayur Chayal, Nivanam and Quilon. He consecrated priets from some of these families and built seven Churches in Kerala taking his short span of stay and then he came to the Tamil country to continue his preaching. Incurring the wrath of the Brahmins priest. By his conversion, St. Thomas was martyred near a Hindu shrine on the mount near Mylapore, Chennai in about 72 AD. The Martydom of St. Thomas at Maylapore led to the rapid spread of Christianity in South India. In recognition to the historical importance, Mylapore was erected as a first diocese in Tamil Nadu on 9 January 1606 AD by Pope Paul V. It was elevated to an Arch diocese on 1 September 1886. Thus South India offered hospitality to the Christians from the earliest decades of the Christian era.
Observing on the significance of the St. Thomas Mission, Dr. Rajendra Prasad, the first President of India said, “Remember St. Thomas came to India where many countries in Europe had not yet become Christian and so these Indians who trace their Christianity of him have a longer history and higher ancestry than that of many of the European countries and it is really matter of pride to us that it so happened”. For a long time there was little contact between the Christians of India and their co-religionists in Europe. Christian travelers in the Middle Ages occasionally complained of paucity of Christians in South India. Friar Jordanus (1321 – 30 AD) wrote enthusiastically of the great scope that India offered for missionary activity in the cause of Christianity. 
The next stage in the preaching of Christianity in India began with the coming of Portuguese on the western coast of India in about 1498. AD. They occupied a few trading posts. Soon all the Portuguese trading posts along the Indian coast from Bombay to Tuticorin were made as the Catholic Christian Centres. In 1531, Goa was created the Bishopric. 
In the beginning, the Christian centres in Tamil Nadu were controlled by Goa Bishoprice. The Popes repeatedly urged the Portuguese Kings to make it their duty to send missionaries to newly discovered areas for evangelization. 
In response to the call of the Popes, the Portuguese kings sent a number of secular and religious priests to India. In the 17th century, a new department known as Propaganda Fide was established in order to send the Franciscans, the Jesuits, the Dominicans, Theatines and Augustinians missionaries to India for evengelization. 
Due to the indefatigable zeal of these missionaries, Christianity was spread in Konkan, Kanara, Malabar coasts and later their sway was extended to Tuticorin, Kanyakumari, Kongu and Bara Mahal and Madurai regions. The sincere and strenuous efforts of these missionaries contributed enormously for the rapid change of social, economic and cultural conditions of Tamil Nadu. 
The beginning of the Counter Reformation and the foundation of the Society of Jesus formed a brilliant chapter in the history of the Roman Catholic Church. The Jesuit priests involved actively in spreading Gospel to many parts of Tamil Nadu. Fr.Francis Xavier was the pioneer among the Jesuits who visited Tamil Nadu. After his arrival at Goa in 1542 AD, he continued his evangelical works in the coastal regions of Tuticorin and Kanayakumari.
Works of Madura Mission.
 The foundation of Madura mission had a tremendous effect on the social history of Salem. Robert De. Nobili (1577–1656), an eminent and dedicated Jesuit was the first missionary who visited Salem to spread Christianity and founded Catholic Church there. He entered the Jesuit order in 1595 and came to India in 1604. He reached Madurai in 1606 when it was ruled by Tirumalai Nayak (1623-1659 AD). Nobily adopted the mode of life of Hindu sanyasis in order to attract higher caste Hindus to Christianity by his adoptive method he converted many Hindu high caste into Christian faith. As a result of his novel way of conversion, Christianity was accepted in the southern parts of Tamil Nadu by low caste and high caste people. After founding a well-known Jesuit mission at Madurai in 1606 AD, he decided to spread the gospel in the neighbouring regions. 
 He established congregations wherever conversion took place in large numbers. In 1623, he toured through many parts of Tamil Country. During the course of the tour he visited Truchirapalli, Senthamangalam and Salem. In June 1623 AD he arrived at Senthamangalam the capital of Ramachandra Nayak, The Vasal of Thirumala Nakak of Madurai. Ramachandra Nayak offered him a site to build a church and a presbytery but after consulting God in prayer, Robert de Nobili declined the offer. 
 At Salem Nobili met Tirumangala Nayak, the elder brother of Ramachandra Nayak and also the dethroned ruler of Senthamangalam. Fr. Nobili followed Tirumangala, a small town in Dharampuri and baptized him there along with his family members on 25 December 1625. 
 On July 31, 1626. Fr.Nobili received the visit of a Pandaram hailed from the sect of Saivism and a man belonged to valluvar caste. The latter one was impressed by De Nobili’s Tamil book, “Sign of True Religion” and got himself baptized with the name “Mukthi Udayan” ( Blissful one). His conversion had a tremendous impact on the evangelical service rendered by Fr. Nobili in Salem region. Very soon Maramangalam became an important Christian centre with 40 neophytes. As this centre was then well established he could leave for other places to continue to preach the gospel. So he invited Fr. Martins and put him in charge of Salem, Maramangalam and Senthamangalam which numbered between 100 and 150 Christians . In 1627 he left for Tiruchirapalli. The little congregations he established grew from strength to strength. Due to the efforts of Fr. De Nobili and Fr. Antonio Vico, a church was built at Maramangalam in 1628 and another one at Salem. Subsequently the Christian Mission centre was established in various places in Salem region Fr. Nobili also established a mission centre at koilur in Dharamapuri. By 1665 AD, there were a large number of Catholics at kongupatti, Ilupuli, Anaikarapalayam, Omalur, Sankagiri, Anthiyur, Mathiyampatti and Ilanagar.
Establishment of diocese.
On May 26, 1930 the Diocese of Salem was erected from the parts of Salem District and from the Diocese of Kumbakonam, Diocese of Mysore and Metropolitan Archdiocese of Pondicherry
Cathedrals.
St. Mary's Co-Cathedral was consecrated in 1975 as 'The Pro Cathedral of Our Lady of Victories' by Bishop Michael Bosco Duraisamy. The parish of Arisipalayam was bifurcated from Shevapet in 1953 and was erected as St. Francis Xavier’s parish. The chapel of St. Francis Xavier’s Minor Seminary served as the parish church till 1991. The new Infant Jesus Cathedral was consecrated on 27th November 1991, and dedicated to Infant Jesus. This magnificent Cathedral was meticulously planned and carefully constructed with strenuous efforts by late Bishop Most Rev. Dr. Michael B. Duraisamy.

</doc>
<doc id="18634378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634378" title="The Za-Bum Circus">
The Za-Bum Circus

The Za-Bum Circus () is a 1944 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Galeazzo Benti.

</doc>
<doc id="18634384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634384" title="Timo Saarnio">
Timo Saarnio

Timo Saarnio (born 1944 in Helsinki) is a Finnish interior architect and furniture designer.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Timo Saarnio was born in 1944 in Helsinki, Finland. He completed training as an Interior Architect, SIO (Institute for Applied Arts (now University of Art and Design Helsinki) in 1971.
Career.
Saarnio established his own design firm in 1982. He became a freelance furniture designer in 1992, has taught at the University of Art and Design, Helsinki, and has held elected positions in SIO and ORNAMO, the Finnish Association of Designers.

</doc>
<doc id="18634413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634413" title="Mizoribine">
Mizoribine

Mizoribine (INN, trade name Bredinin) is an immunosuppressive drug. The compound was first observed in Tokyo, Japan, in 1971. It is a natural product, first isolated from the mould "Eupenicillium brefeldianum". Mizoribine (MZB) is an imidazole nucleoside that has been used in renal transplantation, and in steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome, IgA nephropathy, lupus, as well as for adults with rheumatoid arthritis, lupus nephritis and other rheumatic diseases. MZB exerts its activity through selective inhibition of inosine monophosphate synthetase and guanosine monophosphate synthetase, resulting in the complete inhibition of guanine nucleotide synthesis without incorporation into nucleotides. It arrests DNA synthesis in the S phase of cellular division. Thus, MZB has less toxicity than azathioprine, another immunosuppressant used for some of the same diseases.
References.
Mizoribine (MZB) is an imidazole nucleoside that has been used in renal transplantation, and in steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome, IgA nephropathy, lupus, as well as for adults with rheumatoid arthritis, lupus nephritis and other rheumatic diseases. MZB exerts its activity through selective inhibition of inosine monophosphate synthetase and guanosine monophosphate synthetase, resulting in the complete inhibition of guanine nucleotide synthesis without incorporation into nucleotides. It arrests DNA synthesis in the S phase of cellular division. Thus, MZB has less toxicity than azathioprine, another immunosuppressant used for some of the same diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="18634416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634416" title="AiLive">
AiLive

AiLive Inc. (formerly iKuni) is a software company based in Mountain View, California. The company was founded in 2000 by software programmer and developer Wei Yen. The company has worked closely with Nintendo on the development of motion-sensing hardware, tools and software for the Wii video game console.
AiLive is responsible for the LiveMove series of products. The system was introduced in 2006, using machine learning technology to facilitate the development of motion recognition packages for individual games. Developers are able to use the software to build classifiers from provided examples of specific motions to be included in each game. The LiveMove system is used for development of games for the Wii. Though initially released for professional developers of Wii games, the software was designed for use by independent developers as well, with a goal of expanding the possibilities of the new console and Wii Remote interface. For the year 2011, AiLive's technology was used in 5 out of the top 11 best selling Wii games, with the "Wii Sports Resort", "Just Dance 2" and "Just Dance 3" titles reaching #1 bestselling status over all platforms.
Wii MotionPlus.
AiLive developed the Wii MotionPlus.
The device added short term 3D position tracking and long-term 3D orientation tracking to the Wii Remote motion controller. Initially provided as a dongle, the technology has since been integrated into all new Wii Remote controllers carrying the logo Wii MotionPlus Inside. The Wii MotionPlus initially shipped in a bundle with the "Wii Sport Resort" game. It shipped more than 29 million units globally, making it the 6th best selling game of all time. In addition to the Wii MotionPlus device concept, AiLive developed and patented the motion tracking algorithms for the device and made them available to developers through the LiveMove 2 software.
LiveMove 2.
A new version of the software, LiveMove 2, was announced on July 7, 2008. Similar to the previous version, LiveMove 2 was developed specifically to work with Nintendo hardware - in this case, the software is a development tool for use with the Wii MotionPlus attachment that AiLive helped develop. On June 2, 2009, following the unveiling of PlayStation Move at Electronic Entertainment Expo 2009, AiLive announced the release of LiveMove 2 for PlayStation 3. Through a partnership between AiLive and Sony, the LiveMove 2 software will be made available to all registered PlayStation 3 developers.

</doc>
<doc id="18634419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634419" title="Néstor Vidrio">
Néstor Vidrio

Néstor Vicente Vidrio Serrano (born 22 March 1989 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays for CD Guadalajara as a defender.
He came up in the Atlas youth systems and had a chance to debut for the first squad during the 2008 InterLiga tournament, thanks to then-coach Miguel Ángel Brindisi. Néstor later won Rookie of the Season for the Clausura 2008. Vidrio has earned himself a starting position as a defender for Atlas. He can be used as a side defender or defensive midfielder as well.
On 7 December 2011 Vidrio was transferred on loan to CF Pachuca.
Vidrio has also been capped by the Mexico U-20 team during the 2009 CONCACAF U-20 Championship. He played in all 3 games of the group stage. He now is playing with Mexico national U-22.
U-23 International appearances.
"As of 11 August 
Senior International appearances.
"As of 11 June 2011"
Honours.
International.
Mexico U-23

</doc>
<doc id="18634420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634420" title="Mike Greenly">
Mike Greenly

Michael S. Greenly () is an American writer, entrepreneur, and lyricist who helped to popularize interactive online journalism in the mid-1980s as a kind of forerunner to blogging.
Early Online Journalist.
In 1983, Greenly left his position as a marketing vice president of Avon Products to become a freelance marketing consultant and writer. In an article for "The Futurist" magazine (March-April, 1987), Greenly credited the Alvin Toffler book, "The Third Wave", as being a catalyst in his decision to change his life and become an active part of the Information Age.
Greenly has been called "probably the most widely read writer on The Source", one of the first online services oriented to the general public and attracting 60,000 subscribers at the time.
Sometimes called "planet earth’s first interactive journalist", Greenly and the two friends he met online – Sherwin Levinson and Diane Worthington – became the first journalists ever allowed to cover the Democratic and Republican political conventions via computer (in 1984). Greenly wrote a cover story for Portable 100/200 magazine (April, 1985) about using an early laptop computer to create this interactive, online journalism from the convention sites (Houston and San Francisco) and to answer reader questions and comments during the process.
Greenly went on to become the first journalist ever allowed to cover Hollywood’s Academy Awards ceremonies by computer, again sending online reports of his interviews and experiences to readers around the world via laptop, and responding to them from on the road.
In 1986, a series of first-hand interviews Mike conducted about AIDS and placed online was published as "Chronicle: The Human Side of AIDS" (Irvington Publishers, Inc.). In 1987, Greenly received an award from the Computer Press Association in the category of "Best On-Line Publication" for his interactive electronic coverage of "Appleworld", Macworld Conference & Expo, and Comdex '87.
Corporate Assignments.
As his website notes, Greenly works today as a speech and presentation writer and speech coach for business executives. His client list includes Johnson & Johnson, Novartis, the Patrón Spirits Company, ExxonMobil, IBM and many other organizations.
Songwriter/Lyricist.
Mike is also a published lyricist.
His song, "How Many Christmases", written with composer Jim Papoulis and recorded by Rosanne Cash and the Young People’s Chorus of New York, is being marketed globally by Boosey & Hawkes, a British music publisher.
By the spring of 2010, another of Greenly’s songs “Get Up”, had been released. It was written with Jim Papoulis, sung by Kimberly Davis, and published by D1 Music. “Get Up” was on BILLBOARD magazine’s chart of the Top Dance Club songs in America for at least 10 straight weeks, attaining the #12 position in the magazine’s print edition, dated April 24, 2010.
Mike and Jim have also written “We Can Plant a Forest”, also available as online downloads or as sheet music. The pair are sharing royalties with Trees for the Future, a global non-profit which helps to reforest the planet.==http://www.plant-trees.org/==
With another composer, Paul Guzzone, Mike is the lyricist of two songs published by D1 Music, Inc., on the debut EP of Shara Strand from D1 Music. The album is called, “Born Tonight”, and debuted in June, 2012. Mike’s two songs – “I Will Carry You” and “Not Gonna Miss You” (which Ms. Strand also co-wrote) are performed in two styles – Pop and Live Acoustic.
In December, 2012, the Greenly-Papoulis team launched a new downloadable choral song entitled "I Know. Proceeds will be donated to The CJD Foundation which provides emotional support to individuals and families dealing with CJD and other prion diseases, as well as practical information to caregivers. This is in honor of Jim's wife, who died of this terrible brain disease in 2007, at the age of 45, and to support other families with the same experience. The song is performed by the award-winning Young People's Chorus of NYC.
Mike’s song, “I Will Carry You”, performed by Shara Strand, was released as a single with DJ remixes, and in August, 2013, after a month on Billboard Magazine’s Dance Club chart, reached #23. 

</doc>
<doc id="18634432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634432" title="Triston Palmer">
Triston Palmer

Triston Palmer aka Triston or Tristan Palma (born 1962, Waltham Park, Kingston, Jamaica) is a reggae singer/deejay. He has been active since the mid-1970s.
Biography.
Palma was born in 1962 and grew up in the Waltham Park area of Kingston, and decided from an early age that he wanted to be a singer. He began by singing to the accompaniment of Soul Syndicate guitarist Tony Chin. His first recording was "Love Is A Message" for producer Bunny Lee when he was eight years old, which was followed by "A-Class Girl" for the Black Solidarity label, which was co-run by Palma and Ossie Thomas. He came to the attention of producer/deejay Jah Thomas, who began a substantial association with Palmer with the track "Entertainment", when Palmer was aged around 14. He made a major breakthrough with his performance in 1979 at the General Penitentiary Memorial Concert for Claudie Massop, which also featured Bob Marley. Palmer became a popular artist in the "singjay" style in the early 1980s. "Entertainment" was a Jamaican hit and he enjoyed further successes with "Water Bubbling", "Spliff Tail", "Raving", and "Run Around Woman". Palmer also worked with Linval Thompson, who produced his "Joker Lover" and "Settle Down Girl" albums, and later George Phang, Tony Robinson, Sugar Minott, Bunny Gemini, and Castro Brown. At one point in the early 1980s, Palma had nine songs in Jamaica's Top 40.
In the mid-1980s, Palma became involved in the famine-relief charity project Music is Life, along with Freddie McGregor, Mutabaruka, Gregory Isaacs, Third World, Edi Fitzroy, and Steel Pulse, contributing to the charity single "Land of Africa".
His popularity continued through the 1980s, and in the 1990s he recorded the "Three Against War" song and album with Dennis Brown and Beenie Man.
Palma has worked as a producer himself, working with artists such as Phillip Frazer, Josey Wales, and Robert Ffrench, and has provided backing vocals for singers such as Sugar Minott, Tony Tuff, and Freddie McGregor. He also built his own "Star Creation" studio.

</doc>
<doc id="18634435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634435" title="First Baptist Church of Essex, Connecticut">
First Baptist Church of Essex, Connecticut

The First Baptist Church of Essex, Connecticut, built in 1846, is notable for being one of only three Egyptian revival churches known to have ever been built in the United States. The architect was Minard Lafever.
The handsome, white clapboard building features a tripartite facade, the central section of which is a frustum that rises to support the cupola. The church's original steeple was destroyed after being struck by lightning in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="18634441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634441" title="Victory (Modern Talking album)">
Victory (Modern Talking album)

Victory, released on 18 March 2002, is the eleventh studio album of Modern Talking and it is the fifth release since the duo's 1998 reunion. Two singles were released off this album "Ready for the Victory" and "Juliet", the first one of which peaked at No. 7 and the latter at No. 25 in Germany. "Victory" landed on the German album chart on April 1, 2002 entering the top position. After spending 4 weeks within the top-10 and total of 15 weeks in the album chart, the album went on earning a gold-award shipping over 150,000 units in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18634488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634488" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Tanjore">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tanjore

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tanjore/Thanjavur () is a diocese located in the city of Tanjore in the Ecclesiastical province of Pondicherry and Cuddalore in India.
History.
When we trace the history of the Church in India, it is as old as Christianity itself. St. Thomas, one of the twelve Apostles of Jesus Christ brought the Good News of God's Salvation to India. We have quite a few evidences to believe that St. Thomas preached the Gospel in the East and West coast of South India especially in Madras (Chennai) and in the present State of Kerala. In 1953, the Diocese of Thanjavur was bifurcated from the Diocese of Mylapore which was established in 1606. Mylapore was the second biggest diocese in India. The Padruado Missionaries by their able leadership and dedicated service led this diocese towards the omega point i.e., "Christ" by bringing many more souls to the Catholic Church. In 1950 Mylapore came under the direct jurisdiction of the Congregation for the Propagation of Faith.
Genesis of the Diocese: 
The Diocese of Thanjavur was bifurcated from the Diocese of Mylapore on November 23, 1952 by the Holy See, and was erected into a diocese by the Papal Bull Ex Primaevae Ecclesiae
Missionaries in the Diocese: 
The territory that constitutes the present Diocese of Thanjavur has been the field of the heroic labour of the Portuguese Padruado Missionaries from Goa, Franciscans, Augustinians, Jesuits, Foreign Missionary Society of Paris (MEP), Salesians and the Diocesan Clergy.
Geography of the Diocese: 
At Present the Diocese of Thanjavur comprises the entire districts of Thanjavur, Thiruvarur and Nagai (excepting two taluks of Papanasam and Kumbakonam in the district of Thanjavur). It is also covers six taluks of Pudukottai district and two taluks of Cuddalore district.
Shepherds of the Diocese: 
On 25 March 1953 Rt. Rev. Dr. R.A. Sundaram became the first Bishop of Thanjavur. With his motto "Cor Jesu et Mariae spes mea" and with his special gifts for masterly planning and efficient administration, Bishop Sundaram began to build the diocese from scratch. Under his leadership the diocese grew steadily and strongly in every aspect of life. After 33 years of laudable Episcopal ministry, Bishop Sundaram retired in 1986. His successor Archbishop Dr. P. Arokiaswamy took charge on the 26th of November 1986 and continued to lead the diocese to realize her goal. After 11 years of fruitful Episcopal ministry he retired in July 1997. Most Rev. Dr. M. Devadass Ambrose was consecrated as bishop of Thanjavur on 24 September 1997. He is the third bishop of the Diocese of Thanjavur. Known for his hard work and sincerity he continues to lead the Diocese in the right direction.
Bishops & Priests from the Diocese: 
When Bishop Sundaram started his ministry there were only 48 priests, many of whom were aged. On seeing the urgent need for priests, the Bishop established a minor seminary in 1953 at Thanjavur. Today this institution is proud of having trained 165 priests in its 46 years of service. The Diocese of Thanjavur is also proud of four of her priests having been elevated to the order of Episcopate. They are Rt. Rev. Dr. Arulaiah, former Bishop of Cuddappa, Rt.Rev.Dr. S.T. Amalanather, former Bishop of Tuticorin and Rt.Rev.Dr. S.L. Gabriel, former Bishop of Trichy and Most Rev.Dr. M. Devadass Ambrose, Bishop of Thanjavur. At present, the Diocese has 169 priests among whom four are retired and the others are working in the vineyard of the Lord with full vigour and zeal.
Religious men & women in the Diocese: 
Along with the Diocesan clergy, men religious, both Priests & Brothers, also work in different parishes giving witness to their specific charisms. They include the Salesians, Carmelites (OCD), Missionaries of St. Francis De Sales (MSFS) and Sacred Heart Brothers. Along with these men, 481 Religious Sisters belonging to 22 different Congregations also help in the mission of the diocese.
Education:
In view of educating the poor children, the Diocese has established 44 orphanages mostly attached to the parishes, which give an integral formation crossing the barriers of caste, religion and language. In all over India the Diocese of Thanjavur runs the highest number of orphanages. There are 103 High Schools and Higher Secondary Schools, middle schools and primary schools and three Industrial Training Centres through which a wonderful service is done in the field of education both academic and technical.
St.Antony's Higher Secondary School is an important school which is currently governing by this diocese administration.
Social Service: 
A remarkable work is done in the field of Social Service. Training programmes, awareness programmes on health & hygiene and Self-development programmes such as credit unions are organized for the social welfare of the population in the diocese. There are two social service centres in the Diocese: Thanjavur Multipurpose Social Service Society – TMSSS having its central office at Thanjavur and Pudukkottai Multipurpose Social Service Society – PMSSS having its central office at Pudukkottai.
Pastoral Ministry: 
There were only 41 Parishes when the Diocese was started. As the number of souls grew, so arose the need for creating new parishes. At present there are 74 parishes and 948 substations. The catholic population of the diocese numbers around two hundred thousand (two lakhs) (2,00,000). The pastoral activities in the diocese is vibrant with many independent commissions for Bible, liturgy, catechism, youth animation, social communication, ecumenism & dialogue with non-Christians, etc. It is worth to note that at present the diocese is experiencing a remarkable spiritual renewal and greater participation of the laity in her life and ministry. Many activities are being organized at various levels for a meaningful celebration of the Great Jubilee 2000. A team of priests, sisters, trained mission catechists and lay people visit every parish for Parish Spiritual Renewal Day. Through retreats, seminars and cultural programmes spiritual renewal is brought forth among the Catholic population of the Diocese.
Publications in the Diocese: 
The Diocese publishes two monthly magazines one in English (Vailankanni Calling) and another in the local language (Vailankanni Kuraloli in Tamil language) to propagate the devotion to Our Lady of Health, Vailankanni. Besides these two magazines there are also other publications in the Diocese as follows: Diocesan News Letter and official letter published every month, Deiva Saptham – monthly publication from the Diocesan Charismatic Centre, Urimai Vazhvu – published from TMSSS and small pamphlets and booklets published from Oli Nilayam an Catholic Enquiry Centre at Thanjavur.
Shrine Basilica of Vailankanni: 
(Marian Shrine in India known as Lourdes of the East) In the Diocese of Thanjavur there is a famous Marian Shrine at a place known as Vailankanni where pilgrims throng in thousands all through the year. In the sixteenth century, Our Lady appeared to a lame boy in Vailankanni and saved the Portuguese sailors when they were caught in the storm. Many miracles are taking place in this shrine of Our Lady of Health, Vailankanni.
Conclusion: 
As we are at the glorious beginning of the third millennium the Diocese of Thanjavur realizes its greater responsibility ahead to lead the Diocese towards growth in every aspect of its life with deeper faith in God and through the intercession of Our Blessed Mother.

</doc>
<doc id="18634497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634497" title="1887 in Norway">
1887 in Norway

Events in the year 1887 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="18634512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634512" title="Homochlorcyclizine">
Homochlorcyclizine

Homochlorcyclizine (INN) is an antihistamine which has been marketed in Japan since 1965. It is used in the treatment of allergies and other conditions. It also has some anticholinergic, antidopaminergic, and antiserotonergic properties.

</doc>
<doc id="18634516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634516" title="Butler (MBTA station)">
Butler (MBTA station)

Butler is a station on MBTA's Ashmont–Mattapan High Speed Line, a branch of the Red Line. The station is located at Butler Street and Branchfield Street in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. Butler consists of one island platform which serves the Ashmont–Mattapan High Speed Line's two tracks; it is the only station on the line with an island platform. Sixty free parking spaces for passengers are available at the station. The station opened in 1929 when the Ashmont–Mattapan High Speed Line began operation. Butler was closed on June 24, 2006, for a yearlong renovation of the Ashmont–Mattapan High Speed Line. It reopened with the rest of the line on December 22, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18634519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634519" title="Galeazzo Benti">
Galeazzo Benti

Galeazzo Benti (6 August 1923 – 21 April 1993) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 78 films between 1942 and 1991. He was born in Florence, Italy and died in Bracciano, Italy from a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="18634565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634565" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Ambikapur">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ambikapur

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ambikapur () is a diocese located in the city of Ambikapur in the Ecclesiastical province of Raipur in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18634568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634568" title="Sun Metro">
Sun Metro

Sun Metro can refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18634570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634570" title="Skiles and Henderson">
Skiles and Henderson

Skiles and Henderson were the comedy team of Bill Skiles and Pete Henderson.
History.
William Al Skiles (July 5, 1931 – May 16, 2011) and Pete Henderson (born 1938) met in 1953. Bill, born in San Antonio, Texas, had just been released from the Air Force while Pete was a sophomore in high school. Bill formed a small dance combo which Henderson joined, playing bass fiddle.
Skiles was the clown and Henderson the straight man, so when Bill started doing goofy things on the bandstand, Pete would egg him on. In 1955 Pete left for college at USC where he pursued his own musical endeavors, and Bill spent a year as part of a vocal quartet called The Jolly Rogers that made a small splash in the Tropicana lounge in Las Vegas.
Bill wasn't happy as a musician and in the summer of 1956 he persuaded Pete (still at Southern Cal) to audition with him for a job at Disneyland doing a show demonstrating homemade instruments to kids in Frontierland. Bill's father had built and played these same instruments with his vaudeville band, The Bob Skiles Haywire Orchestra. Bill and Pete showed up in Frontierland dressed up as Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn and auditioned for Tommy Walker, the Disneyland entertainment director. He was approving of the act, but didn't have a slot for that kind of show.
By the summer of 1958 Pete had left school when his step-dad died and began working in a show band for Disneyland DateNites, playing bass. After finishing a round of golf one day with Skiles, Bill offered to drive Pete out to Disneyland to pick up some of Pete's paperwork in the entertainment office. Bill started clowning around for the secretaries and Tommy Walker suddenly peered out at them from his office door. Even after two years he still remembered the name - "Is that Skiles and Henderson?" he asked. Then he went on to describe a new stage called the Plaza Gardens that might be right for the duo. They re-auditioned there the next day, were hired and began their long career on 13 June 1958.
Their 20-minute show wasn't all music, although the musical tire pump and the tin can xylophone and the tuned skillets and musical saw and washtub bass were a large part of the act. They starting working new material into their show lampooning the various "lands" comprising the park. Frontierland, Adventureland and Tomorrowland all were grist for the Skiles and Henderson mill. Sound effects became important to their style and remain so today.
At the end of their first summer at the park their workload was reduced to weekends only. They were asked to participate in a new program called Tour Guides but that only lasted a short time for them. By the summer of '59 they were leading their own DateNite band in Frontierland and still had their day job in the park. But it was time to move on to the real world.
Post-Disneyland.
The team began working in night clubs in late 1959 in a small bar (The Sportsman) in Newport Beach with a hired pianist, Pete on bass and Bill on an abbreviated drum set. After adding a trumpet player and girl singer they moved on to the lounges of Las Vegas, playing at the Golden Nugget when it was strictly a western venue. They went on to tour the West Coast in various locations from San Diego to Bakersfield to Seattle.
By the middle of 1960 they were once again a duo, at a lounge in Newport Beach, The Villa Marina. After four-and-a-half months at the Villa, they opened at Harrah's lounge in Lake Tahoe, bouncing from there back to the Villa, to Reno, to Tahoe to Elko, Nevada and then, in August, 1961, to Melbourne, Australia. By this time Bill had married his first wife, Marilyn, and had a son, William Stacy Skiles.
During their stay Down Under they worked nightly at an upscale showroom called Mario's as the headline act and did two TV shows a week at station GTV 9. They were featured mostly on host Graham Kennedy's late-night show, "In Melbourne Tonight", but also did the "BP Super Show" and a few others.
Disaster struck upon their return home that September when Pete was conscripted into the U.S. Army. Bill saw him off to Fort Ord and began two years surrounded by two musicians and a girl singer to replace Pete.
By the time Pete was released from the Service in 1963, Bill was divorced and remarried to his girl singer, Arlene Adams, and Pete was also married to his Army sweetheart, Brenda. They had a little girl, Paulette.
There followed a rather uncreative time on tour with Arlene doing vocals and another musician on bass and trombone with Pete on piano until Bill and Pete's old managers, Greif and Garris proposed to hire them to join The New Christy Minstrels, a well-known folk ensemble. They agreed as long as they didn't lose their identity as Skiles and Henderson and had their own portion of each concert to themselves. It was during this period that they discovered that they could be effective in front of large audiences and began to get some TV exposure on "The Red Skelton Show, Bell Telephone Hour, The Today Show" and others.
Upon their departure from the Christys, it was back to the lounges once again as a duo. Soon they found themselves back home ensconced in the lounge of a faux riverboat/restaurant/bar, The Rueben E. Lee in Newport Harbor. In the next few years their popularity soared in the Orange County area. From 1966 to 1968 they were a fixture on the showboat and during that time caught the attention of several important scouts. Their new manager, Ed Yelin got them a spot on "The Dean Martin Show" in 1967 which blossomed into eight appearances on the summer show "Dean Martin's Goldiggers" in 1968. In 1970 they did a 6-week tour of summer theaters in the East with Rowan and Martin and the then-unknown Lily Tomlin.
In their personal lives, Bill and Arlene had two new daughters, Shannon and Jennifer and Pete had remarried and had a son, Peter Jackson, AKA P.J., although that second marriage was unsuccessful after three years, ending in divorce.
Later career.
The TV exposure enabled the duo to make the leap from lounges to showrooms in Vegas and Tahoe/Reno as a supporting act to such headliners as Trini Lopez, Andy Williams, Eddy Arnold, Roger Miller, Loretta Lynn, Don Ho and many others, working the big showrooms in Vegas at The Flamingo, Sahara, Caesar's Palace, Riviera and in Reno and Lake Tahoe at Harrah's. In addition the boys were still being offered TV spots on all the major variety shows of the day and a number of talk shows with hosts Merv Griffin, Johnny Carson, Steve Allen, Della Reese, Dinah Shore and just about everyone else who had a talk show in the 70's. They even co-hosted for a week with Mike Douglas.
In 1972, the duo started touring with The Carpenters, doing the first half of the singers' concerts and Pete singing in the Carpenter's "Oldies Medley" at the end of each concert. At this time they made a brief return to Disneyland as guests on the "Music" episode of the children's TV show "The Mouse Factory," where they incorporated pie-in-the-face gags into a few of their comic acts.
Around 1977, when the Carpenters changed managers, Bill and Pete went on to other endeavors and even more TV exposure including more than 80 "Hollywood Squares" and "The Bob Hope Show".
The Skiles and Henderson itinerary began including charity functions. They participated in many golf tournaments hosted by Andy Williams, Dinah Shore, Bob Hope and others. They hosted their own celebrity tennis tourney for several years in the 70's.
In the 80's, the team continued on TV, personal appearances at corporate events and showrooms. By the 90's they were being featured on cruise ships, mainly Royal Caribbean, for four years and over 160 cruises, and in 1995 began several engagements in Branson, MO theaters. By 2009 they were still at it, doing comedy concerts from time to time all over the U.S.A. The team's last concert series was a 27-show marathon in March 2010 in Southern Arizona.
Skiles died at the age of 79 in St. Cloud, Florida in 2011. Pete Henderson is now performing with the revived New Christy Minstrels again, playing bass, piano and singing. He also contributes the occasional joke or funny routine.

</doc>
<doc id="18634574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634574" title="Siege of the Alamo">
Siege of the Alamo

The Siege of the Alamo (February 23 – March 6, 1836) describes the first twelve days of the Battle of the Alamo. On February 23, Mexican troops under General Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna entered San Antonio de Bexar, Texas and surrounded the Alamo Mission. The Alamo was defended by a small force of Texians and Tejanos, led by William Barrett Travis and James Bowie, and included Davy Crockett. The siege ended when the Mexican Army launched an early-morning assault on March 6. Almost all of the defenders were killed, although several civilians survived.
Background.
In 1835, as the Mexican government began to shift away from a federalist model, violence erupted in several Mexican states, including the border region Mexican Texas. By the end of the year, Texian forces had expelled all Mexican soldiers from the area. In Mexico City, President Antonio López de Santa Anna had begun gathering an army to retake Texas.
When Mexican troops departed San Antonio de Béxar (now San Antonio, Texas, USA), Texian soldiers established a garrison at the Alamo Mission, a former Spanish religious outpost which had been converted to a makeshift fort. Described by Santa Anna as an "irregular fortification hardly worthy of the name", the Alamo had been designed to withstand an attack by native tribes, not an artillery-equipped army. The complex sprawled across , providing almost of perimeter to defend. An interior plaza was bordered on the east by the chapel and to the south by a one-story building known as the Low Barracks. A wooden palisade stretched between these two buildings. The two-story Long Barracks extended north from the chapel. At the northern corner of the east wall stood a cattle pen and horse corral. The walls surrounding the complex were at least thick and ranged from high. 
On February 11, the commander of the Alamo, Colonel James C. Neill, left the Alamo, likely to recruit additional reinforcements and gather supplies. In his absence, the garrison was jointly commanded by newcomers William B. Travis—a regular army officer— and James Bowie, who had commanded a volunteer company. As the Texians struggled to find men and supplies, Santa Anna's army began marching north. On February 12 they crossed the Rio Grande. 
On February 16 and February 18 local resident Ambrosio Rodriguez warned his good friend William Barret Travis that their relatives further south claimed that Santa Anna was on the march towards Bexar. Two days later Juan Seguin's scout Blas María Herrera reported that the vanguard of the Mexican army had crossed the Rio Grande. There had been many rumors of Santa Anna's imminent arrival, but Travis ignored them. For several hours that night a council of war held at the Alamo argued over whether to believe the rumors. Travis was convinced that the Mexican army would not arrive in Bexar until at least mid-March. He, and others in the Texian army thought Santa Anna would not march until spring, when the grass had begun to grow again. They overlooked the fact that mesquite grass sprouted earlier than normal grass. Travis had also assumed that Santa Anna would not have begun gathering troops for an invasion of Texas until after he had learned of Cos's defeat; the Texians did not realize that Santa Anna had begun preparations for an invasion months before.
Despite the Texian disbelief, by the evening of February 20 many of the residents of Bexar began to pack their belongings in preparation for leaving. The next day, fifteen of the Tejano volunteers at the Alamo resigned. Seguin had asked Travis to release the men so that they could help evacuate their families, who were in the path Santa Anna would take to reach Bexar. Santa Anna had crossed the Rio Grande on February 16. The next night, his army camped on the Nueces River, from Bexar. Texians had previously burned the bridge over the Nueces, forcing the Mexicans to build a makeshift structure of branches and dirt in the pouring rain. The delay was brief, and on February 19 the vanguard of the army camped along the Frio River, from Bexar. The following day they reached Hondo, less than away. By 1:45 pm on February 21 Santa Anna and his vanguard had reached the banks of the Medina River, from Bexar. Waiting there were dragoons under Colonel Ramirez y Sesma, who had arrived the previous evening. With no idea that the Mexican army was so close, all but 10 members of the Alamo garrison joined about 2000 Bexar residents at a fiesta to celebrate George Washington's birthday. Centralists in Bexar soon alerted Santa Anna to the party, and he ordered General Ramirez y Sesma to lead a cavalry force to take the Alamo while the garrison celebrated elsewhere. The raid had to be called off when sudden rains made the Medina unfordable. The next night, Santa Anna and his army camped at Leon Creek, west of what is now Downtown San Antonio.
February 23.
In the early hours of February 23, residents began fleeing Béxar, fearing the Mexican army's imminent arrival. Although unconvinced by the reports, Travis stationed a soldier in the San Fernando church bell tower—the highest location in town—to watch for signs of an approaching force. Travis then sent Captain Philip Dimitt and Lieutenant Benjamin Noble to scout for the Mexican Army's location. At approximately 2:30 that afternoon the church bell began to ring; the soldier stationed in the tower claimed to have seen flashes in the distance. Dimitt and Noble had not returned, so Travis sent Dr. James Sutherland and John W. Smith on horseback to scout the area. Smith and Sutherland spotted members of the Mexican cavalry within of the town and returned to Béxar at a run. 
According to later reports from Santa Anna, the cavalry, under General Joaquín Ramírez y Sesma, were supposed to execute a surprise attack on the morning of February 23. Historian Thomas Ricks Lindley concluded that Sesma's troops had captured a Texian spy, Trinidad Coy, who lied about a Texian ambush further ahead, prompting Sesma to halt at 7 a.m. and wait for reinforcements. Historian Lon Tinkle speculated that the combination of the church bell ringing and the sight of the two Texian scouts led Sesma to believe that the Texians were planning an assault on the cavalry. 
At this point there were approximately 156 effective Texian soldiers in the Alamo, with another 14 in the hospital. The men were completely unprepared for the arrival of the Mexican army, and had no food in the mission. The men quickly herded cattle in the Alamo and scrounged for food in nearby houses. They were able to gather enough beef and corn into the Alamo to last a month. The Alamo garrison also had a large supply of captured Mexican muskets, with over 19,000 paper cartridges, but only a limited supply of powder for the artillery. Several members of the garrison dismantled the blacksmith shop of Antonio Saez and moved much of the material into the Alamo. A few members of the garrison brought their families into the Alamo to keep them safe. Among these was Alamaron Dickinson, who fetched his wife Susanna and their daughter Angelina, and Bowie, who brought his deceased wife's cousins, Gertrudis Navarro and Juana Navarro Alsbury and Alsbury's young son into the fort. It is likely that Navarro and Alsbury also brought their family's servants, Sam and Bettie.
While the bulk of the garrison prepared for the attack, a few Texians remained in Béxar and raised a flag in the middle of Military Plaza. According to historian J.R. Edmondson, "The flag was a variation of the Mexican tricolor with two stars, representing the separated states of Texas and Coahuila, gleaming from the white center bar." Within an hour the first of the Mexican cavalry, commanded by Colonel Jose Vicente Minon, entered Béxar. The Texians lowered their flag and brought it into the Alamo. 
As the Mexican cavalry approached, Travis dispatched a man named John Johnson to ask Colonel James Fannin, southeast, to send reinforcements immediately. Travis then sent Smith and Sutherland to bring a message to the "alcade" at Gonzales, away. The note to Gonzales read: "The enemy in large force is in sight. We want men and provisions. Send them to us. We have 150 men and are determined to defend the Alamo to the last."
By late afternoon, Béxar was occupied by about 1500 Mexican troops, who quickly raised a blood-red flag signifying "No Quarter". Soon after, a Mexican bugler sounded the request for parley. Travis ordered the Alamo's 18-pounder cannon fired. The Mexican army responded with four balls from 7-in howitzers; the balls hit the interior of the Alamo but caused no damage or injuries. Santa Anna later reported that the initial Texian cannon fire killed two Mexican soldiers and wounded eight others; no other Mexican officer, however, reported fatalities from that day. 
Bowie believed that Travis had acted hastily and sent Green B. Jameson to meet with Santa Anna. Jameson carried a letter addressed to "The Commander of the invading forces below Bejar" and signed "Commander of the volunteers of Bejar". Angry that Bowie presented himself as Santa Anna's equal, the Mexican general refused to meet with Jameson, but allowed Colonel Juan Almonte and Jose Bartres to parley. Almonte later said that Jameson asked for an honorable surrender, but Bartres replied "I reply to you, according to the order of His Excellency, that the Mexican army cannot come to terms under any conditions with rebellious foreigners to whom there is no recourse left, if they wish to save their lives, than to place themselves immediately at the disposal of the Supreme Government from whom alone they may expect clemency after some considerations.” Travis was angered that Bowie had acted unilaterally and sent his own emissary to the Mexican army; he received the same response. Bowie and Travis then mutually agreed to fire the cannon again.
By the time the parleys were over it was nightfall, and the firing ceased. That evening the Mexicans erected an artillery battery near the Veramendi house. Santa Anna also sent General Ventura Mora's cavalry to circle to the north and east of the Alamo to prevent the arrival of Texian reinforcements. According to Edmondson, the Texians sent a small party to forage that evening. They returned with six pack mules and a prisoner, a Mexican soldier who would later be used to interpret Mexican bugle calls. The Texians received one reinforcement that night, when one of Seguin's men, Gregorio Esparza, arrived with his family. Texian sentries refused to open the gate, but others helped the family climb through the window of the chapel. Several other Texian soldiers were unable to make it into the Alamo. Dimitt and Noble, who had been scouting for signs of the Mexican army, were told by a local that Bexar was surrounded, and they would be unable to re-enter the town. Andrew Jackson Sowell and Byrd Lockhart had been out that morning looking for provisions; on hearing that the Alamo was surrounded they left for their homes in Gonzales.
February 24.
Wednesday February 24 marked the first full day of siege. Throughout the day, the Mexican army reconnoitered the Alamo defenses. At 11 a.m. Santa Anna accompanied the cavalry on a scouting mission, coming within musket shot of the Alamo. Later that afternoon Santa Anna personally presided over the distribution of shoes to some members of his army. At roughly the same time, he ordered a Mexican artillery battery consisting of two 8-lb cannon and a mortar located from the Alamo to begin firing. Mexican Colonel Juan Almonte wrote in his diary that two of the Alamo's guns, including the massive 18-lb cannon, were dismounted. The Texians were able to bring them back into service quickly.
Bowie had been ill, and at some point during the day he collapsed and was confined to his bed. Fearing that he was contagious, Bowie moved into a small room in the low barracks along the south wall of the mission. Travis was now in sole command of the garrison. That afternoon Travis wrote a letter addressed To the People of Texas & All Americans in the World, which is, according to Mary Deborah Petite "considered by many as one of the masterpieces of American patriotism". Travis sent the letter with courier Albert Martin, who delivered it to Gonzales. There, Launcelot Smithers took custody of the message and delivered it to San Felipe, where it was read by Governor Henry Smith. Smith told the colonists at San Felipe "to fly to the aid of your besieged countrymen and not permit them to be massacred by a mercenary foe. ... The call is upon ALL who are able to bear arms, to rally without one moment's delay, or in fifteen days the heart of Texas will be the seat of war." The letter was eventually reprinted throughout the United States and much of Europe.
In early evening, Mexican Colonel Juan Bringas led scouts across a footbridge over the San Antonio River; Texian sharpshooters quickly killed one soldier and the Mexicans retreated, but Davy Crockett managed to drop a second man before the enemy finally reached cover. Throughout the night the Mexican artillery sporadically bombarded the church and long barracks, while the Mexican army fired muskets and shouted to fool the Texians into believing that an assault was imminent, or that Texian reinforcements were being slaughtered. Santa Anna also ordered that his military band serenade the Texians throughout the night. Mexican soldiers took advantage of the darkness and the distractions of the countrymen to erect two more artillery batteries around the Alamo. The two batteries combined to hold two 8-lb cannon, two 6-lb cannon, two 4-lb cannon, and two 7-in howitzers. One of the batteries was located along the right bank of the San Antonio River, approximately from the south wall of the Alamo. The other was located east of the eastern wall. By the end of the first full day of siege the Mexican army had been reinforced by 600 of Sesma's troops. Antonio Gaona and the First Brigade were still several days march away, while an additional 400–500 men and most of the Mexican artillery were struggling through mud south of Bexar.
February 25.
The Mexican bombardment continued through the morning of February 25. At approximately 10 a.m. about 200–300 Mexican soldiers, primarily "cazadores" from the Matamoros Battalion, crossed the San Antonio river and took cover in abandoned shacks approximately to from the Alamo walls. The Mexican soldiers were intending to use the huts as cover to erect another artillery battery, although many Texians assumed they were actually launching an assault on the fort. Travis called for volunteers to burn the huts, despite the fact that it was broad daylight and they would be within musket range of the Mexican soldiers. Charles Despallier, Robert Brown, James Rose and a few others volunteered for the mission. To provide cover, Dickinson and his men fired their 8-lb cannons, filled with grapeshot and canister, at the Mexican soldiers in the huts. Crockett and his men fired rifles, while other Texians reloaded extra weapons for them. Within two hours the battle was over. As soon as the Texians saw flames erupting from the huts they threw open the Alamo gate, and the Texians re-entered the Alamo, unscathed, although Rose was almost captured by a Mexican officer. The Mexican soldiers retreated, after six of their soldiers were killed and four wounded, while several Texians had been mildly scratched by flying rock.
That afternoon Mexican soldiers were posted east of the Alamo, on the road to Gonzales. Santa Anna learned that a beautiful 17-year-old girl, Melchora Barrera, and her widowed mother had remained in town, and he dispatched one of his men to ask the girl to be Santa Anna's mistress. According to historian J.R. Edmondson, the girl's mother refused the offer, and, although Santa Anna was already married, one of his officers dressed up as a priest and performed a marriage ceremony. Santa Anna then retired to enjoy a honeymoon.
Santa Anna sent a messenger to tell Gaona to hurry to Bexar with his three best companies. At the time, the First Brigade was at San Ambrosio, a day's march north of the Rio Grande. According to the diary of Jose Enrique de la Pena, on this day carelessness led the Aldama Battalion's powder supply to catch fire, causing "considerable alarm". Travis also wrote another letter requesting help. The Texian officers voted that Seguin should carry the message. Travis was adamant that Seguin remain behind, as his knowledge of the language, the countryside, and Mexican customs was invaluable. The Texians believed that none of the other couriers had made it through the Mexican lines, and told Travis that Seguin's knowledge of Spanish would also help him to avoid capture by Mexican patrols. Seguin, riding Bowie's horse, which was the fastest in the mission, and his aide Antonio Cruz left about 9 pm. Seguin did not expect to survive the mission; he and Cruz encountered a Mexican cavalry patrol but were able to escape using their knowledge of Spanish and the local terrain.
After dark, a small party of Texians left the Alamo to burn down more of the huts; all were able to return to the Alamo without injury. Despite their efforts, several huts remained standing, and overnight the Mexican army was able to erect a battery only from the Alamo. An additional battery was erected at a location known as old Powderhouse, to the southeast of the Alamo. The Mexican army now had artillery stationed on three sides of the Alamo. Historian Walter Lord said that in the evening several Mexicans left the Alamo and asked to surrender to Santa Anna; they were told that Santa Anna had retired for the evening and could not be disturbed.
February 26–27.
Residents of Bexar were able to come into or near the Alamo in the first few days of the siege. Seguin's meals had even been delivered by a local, Estaban Pacheco. During the first week of the siege over 200 Mexican cannon shots landed in the Alamo plaza. The Texians often picked up the cannonballs and reused them. Although the Texians had matched Mexican artillery fire, on February 26, Travis ordered the artillery to stop firing to conserve powder and shot. Crockett and his men were encouraged to keep shooting, as they rarely missed and thus didn't waste shot. Through the early days of the siege, the Texians didn't bother to take cover, as the Mexicans were too far out of their range to cause harm with their muskets; any Mexican soldier who ventured within of the Alamo, however, risked death or injury. A blue norther blew in that evening and dropped the temperature to 39 degrees F. Neither army was prepared for the cold temperatures. Several Texians ventured out to gather firewood but returned empty-handed after encountering Mexican skirmishers. On the evening of February 26, the Texians burned more huts, these located near the San Luis Potosí Battalion. Santa Anna sent Colonel Juan Bringas to engage the Texians, and according to Edmondson, one Texian was killed.
On February 26, news of the siege finally reached acting governor James W. Robinson, who immediately sent a courier to find Sam Houston. Travis's messengers were having small successes. Albert Martin had reached Gonzales, the most westerly community of Texians, on February 25, the day after Sutherland and Smith had arrived with Travis's first message. As couriers delivered the messages to other settlements, reinforcements assembled in Gonzales, waiting for Fannin to arrive with more troops so they could travel together. In Gonzales itself, Robert "Three-Legged Willie" Williamson began a recruitment drive. In Bastrop, Edward Burleson began organizing a militia, which likely left for Gonzales on February 27, arriving the following day.
Unbeknownst to the Texians, Colonel James Fannin had finally decided to ride to their relief. Historian Robert Scott suggests that the trip was initiated after Fannin's objections were overridden by his officers. On the morning of February 26, he set out with 320 men, 4 cannon, and several supply wagons for the march from Goliad to the Alamo. The Goliad garrison had no horses to move the wagons and artillery and were forced to rely on oxen. Barely into their journey, one of the wagons broke down, and the expedition stopped for repairs. The group then took six hours to cross the waist-deep water of the San Antonio River. By the time they reached the other side it was dark, and the men camped along the river. The cold front reached Goliad that evening, and the poorly-dressed soldiers were "quickly chilled and miserable" in the driving rain. On awakening, Fannin realized that all of the Texian oxen had wandered off, and that his men had neglected to pack food for the journey. It took most of the day for the men to round up the oxen; after two days of travel, Fannin's men had not even ventured from their fort. In a letter to Acting Governor James Robinson, Fannin said that his officers approached him to ask that the rescue trip be cancelled, as they had received word that General Urrea's army was marching towards Goliad. The officers and men in the expedition claimed that Fannin decided on his own to abort the mission. Several of the men agreed with the decision, with Dr. Barnard writing in his journal, "With but three or four hundred men, mostly on foot, with but a limited supply of provisions, to march a distance of nearly one-hundred miles through uninhabited country for the purpose of relieving a fortress beleaguered by five-thousand men was madness!"
Before initially leaving Goliad, Fannin sent a courier to Gonzales to instruct Williamson to rendezvous at Cibolo Creek, halfway between Gonzales and San Antonio just north of present day La Vernia. On February 28, about 60 men, including Captain Albert Martin, travelled the from Gonzales to Cibolo Creek to wait for Fannin and his men. Lindley speculates that Fannin sent an advance relief force under Captain John Chenoweth and Francis de Sauque to scout the area around Bexar. The advance force reached as far as the Seguin ranch, gathering corn, cattle, horses, and mules, then turned back to wait along Cibolo Creek for the remainder of Fannin's force.
Several residents had seen Fannin march from Goliad and sent messengers to Bexar to inform Santa Anna that Fannin and 300 men were headed for the Alamo. Santa Anna ordered Colonel Juan Almonte and 800 dragoons to intercept the Texian relief force. Unaware of Fannin's attempted relief mission, Travis sent James Bonham to Goliad to persuade him. Bonham was asked to tie a white handkerchief around his hat when he returned so that the Texians would know to open the gates for him.
Much of the Mexican army's provisions were in the rear of the convoy with Gaona and Filisola. Santa Anna had hoped to restock his army's supplies in Bexar, but were unable to find much. He finally asked a local citizen, Manuel Menchaca, to help them find food; Menchaca led the army to the Seguin and Flores ranches and stole all of their corn, beef, and hogs. Santa Anna sent more couriers to Gaona and Filisola to urge them to hury; Filisola was still at the Rio Grande.
During the day the Mexican army tried to block the irrigation ditch leading into the Alamo. Texian Green Jameson tasked the men in the Alamo with finishing a well at the south end of the plaza. Although the men hit water, they weakened an earth and timber parapet by the low barracks; the mound collapsed, leaving no way to fire safely over that wall. The same day Texians spotted a Mexican general surrounded by aides and dragoons and fired, but did not hit any of them. The Texians did not realize it was Santa Anna.
February 28 – March 2.
After learning that Fannin was not coming and that there would likely be no other reinforcements, a group of 25 men set out from Gonzales at 2 pm on Saturday, February 27. They were led by Martin and George Kimbell, Almaron Dickinson's business partner. As the group passed the ranch of volunteer John G. King on their way out of town his fifteen-year-old son, Wiliam, rushed out and asked to take his father's place, as John King was needed to support the family's nine children. The men agreed, and William exchanged places with his father. On the march to Bexar eight additional men joined the group. The men carried with them the first flag ever made for use in a Texian battle; the Come and take it flag from the Battle of Gonzales. 
According to Lindley, Martin, Smith, and at least 34 other men chose not to wait for Fannin but continued on towards Bexar. The men from Bastrop and some of the others from Gonzales decided to wait, including Edwin T. Mitchell, Fannin's courier. By the night of February 27, Travis sent Samuel G. Bastian to go to Gonzales "to hurry up reinforcements". According to Lindley, Bastian ran across Martin's men from Gonzales and volunteered to lead them to the Alamo. In an interview several years later, Bastian said that the group encountered a roving patrol of Mexican soldiers. Four of the men, including Bastian, became separated from the larger group and were forced to hide. However, Juan Almonte's journal did not mention any firing by Mexican soldiers that evening. The following year, Santa Anna'a secretary Roman Martinez Caro did report firing by Mexican lines {in 1837} that "two small reinforcements from Gonzales that succeeded in breaking through our lines and entering the fort. The first consisted of four men who gained the fort one night, and the second was a party of twenty-five".
Edmondson relates a different version of the campaign. According to his research, as the Gonzales men approached the Alamo in the wee hours of March 1 a rider appeared in front of them and asked, in English, if they wished to go into the fort. When they said yes, he turned and told them to follow him. When one of the men became suspicious, the rider bolted away. The volunteers were afraid they had been discovered and galloped towards the Alamo. All of the versions agree that in the darkness, the Texians thought this was a party of Mexican soldiers and fired, wounding one of the volunteers. They finally managed to convince the defenders to open the gates. The reinforcements likely carried a letter from Williamson with news that men were assembling in Gonzales and would join Fannin in coming to their rescue.
Other Texian militias were preparing to march to the Alamo. In Victoria, Colonel Wharton was preparing to cross the Guadalupe River, while in San Felipe, Captain Mosely Baker ordered the local militia to prepare to march on February 29. Seguin recruited an additional 25 Tejanos, and Dr. Sutherland and Horace Alsbury, husband of Juana Navarro Alsbury, recruited 12 more men and set out on February 28 for Cibolo in the hopes of meeting Fannin. Meanwhile, Bonham had spoken with Fannin, who again declined to relieve the Alamo. Bonham then went to Gonzales, only to find that most of the men who weren't at the Alamo had gone to the constitutional convention. He did meet nineteen-year-old Ben Highsmith, who had left the Alamo as a courier before Santa Anna's arrival. Highsmith had tried to return to the Alamo but had been chased for by Mexican cavalry; he told Bonham that no one could get through the Mexican lines. Despite the warning, on March 2 Bonham crossed the Guadalupe en route to the Alamo. Unbeknownst to both the Mexican and Texian soldiers, on March 2, delegates to the Convention of 1836 adopted the Texas Declaration of Independence; the Texians were now fighting for the new Republic of Texas. That evening, the Convention finally received Travis's letter of February 25. Shortly thereafter, they received word that Fannin had departed Goliad for the Alamo. Believing that the Alamo would be adequately reinforced, the delegates took no further action.
During this time period, the Mexican army continued to venture nearer the Alamo. By February 29, the Allende Infantry Battalion was stationed on the east side of the complex, while the Jiménez Battalion guarded the left, along the road to Gonzales. Texian sharpshooters remained on alert, and on the evening of February 29 killed Private First Class Secundino Alvarez, who had been ordered to ride near the Alamo to reconnoiter the defenses. On the afternoon of March 2, Santa Anna himself conducted a scouting trip. He discovered a road near the Alamo and moved the Jiménez Battalion to guard it.
March 3.
Bonham arrived near Bexar around 11 am on March 3. Wearing a white bandana in his hat to notify the Texians that he was one of them, he spurred his horse and rode, unmolested, through the Alamo gate as the ring of Mexican soldiers looked on in surprise. Bonham's news, that Fannin was not coming after all, reportedly demoralized the Alamo garrison. Travis sent a courier that evening to the Convention with news that the Texians had thus far survived the siege with no losses. He warned, however, that: "I look to the colonies alone for aid; unless it arrives soon, I shall have to fight the enemy on his own terms. I will, however, do the best I can under the circumstances, and I feel confident that the determined valour and desperate courage, heretofore evinced by my men, will not fail them in the last struggle, and although they may be sacrificed to the vengeance of a Gothic enemy, the victory will cost the enemy so dear, that it will be worse for him than a defeat." Travis ended his letter with news that despite the dearth of ammunition, his men would fire the 18-lb cannon three times each day as proof that they still held the fort. Travis then wrote several private letters and entrusted all of the communications to John W. Smith, who volunteered to sneak through the enemy lines.
According to Lindley's research, other Texians were also determined to join those at the Alamo. He identified up to 50 of Fannin's men, most of whom had been in Thomas H. Breece's company of New Orleans Greys, who left Goliad to go to the rescue of their former mates. Lindley believes that on March 3 these men likely joined the advance unit under Chenoweth and Desauque, as well as Seguin and his Tejano unit. That afternoon, the entire group joined the group waiting at Cibolo Creek, from the Alamo. At this point, Lindley calculated that the Alamo should have had approximately 164 effective men.
On the afternoon of March 3, reinforcements arrived for Santa Anna's army. The Zapadores, Aldama, and Toluca battalions arrived between 4 and 5 pm, after marching steadily for days. The Texians watched from the walls as approximately 1000 Mexican troops, attired in dress uniform, marched into Bexar's military plaza. The Mexican army celebrated loudly throughout the afternoon, both in honor of their reinforcements and at the news that troops under General Jose de Urrea had soundly defeated Texian Colonel Frank W. Johnson at the Battle of San Patricio on February 27. Most of the Texians in the Alamo had believed that Ramirez y Sesma had been leading the Mexican forces during the siege, and they mistakenly attributed the celebration to the arrival of Santa Anna. The reinforcements brought the number of Mexican soldiers in Bexar to almost 2,400.
During the day, the Mexican army had erected a battery on the north side of the Alamo, within musket shot of the complex walls. 
Unlike previous bombardments, each shot from this battery impacted the walls, causing them to begin to crumble. By nightfall, part of the wall had begun to collapse, and Jameson kept the men working all night to shore up the walls with pieces of lumber.
Almonte's journal reported that there was an engagement after dark on March 3, but that the Mexican troops had repulsed the assault. Several historians, including Walter Lord, speculated that the Texians were creating a diversion to allow Smith to escape. However, in 1876, Susannah Dickinson said that Travis sent three men out shortly after dark on March 3, probably in response to the arrival of the Mexican reinforcements. The three men, who Dickinson believed included Davy Crockett, were sent to find Fannin. Lindley stated that just before midnight, Crockett and one of the other men found the force of Texians waiting along Cibolo Creek, who had advanced to within of the Alamo. Just before daylight on March 4, part of the Texian force managed to break through the Mexican lines and enter the Alamo. A second group was driven across the prairie by Mexican soldiers. Lindley based his assumptions on two newspaper reports published within a month of the Alamo's fall that stated that 50 men had reinforced the Alamo a few days before the final assault.
March 4–5.
The Mexican bombardment recommenced early on March 4. That afternoon, Santa Anna called a council of war with his senior officers. He proposed an imminent attack on the fort. Many of his officers disagreed, recommending instead that they wait for the arrival of the heavy artillery. Two 12-lb cannons, with the capability to quickly destroy the Alamo walls, were due to arrive in Bexar on Monday, March 7. According to later reports by Filisola, on the evening of March 4, a woman from Bexar informed Santa Anna that Travis and his men were planning to either surrender or escape if reinforcements did not arrive quickly. Many years later, Susannah Dickinson commented that Juana Alsbury left the fort that evening; Dickinson believed that Alsbury had deserted to provide Santa Anna with information about the Texian troop strength. Edmondson notes that Alsbury returned to the Alamo, and he speculates that Travis sent her to try to negotiate an honorable surrender for the Texian troops. According to Todish, "More than one historian, and even some of Santa Anna's own officers, have speculated that this information is what prompted him to push for an immediate assault rather than wait for his heavy siege guns. There would have been little glory in a bloodless victory, and glory is what Santa Anna craved above all else."
Saturday, March 5, marked a brief departure from the frigid temperatures of the preceding days, as the air warmed to between 50 and 68 degrees F. That morning, Santa Anna called another staff meeting and announced that the assault would commence the following day. Again, officers advocated waiting for the arrival of the heavy artillery. According to his aide, Fernando Urissa, Santa Anna responded "What are the lives of soldiers than so many chickens? I tell you, the Alamo must fall, and my orders must be obeyed at all hazards. If our soldiers are driven back, the next line in their rear must force those before them forward, and compel them to scale the walls, cost what it may." The decision made, General Juan Valentín Amador drew up detailed battle orders. The orders instructed all men to wear shoes or sandals and to properly tie their shako chin-straps. Despite the cold, soldiers were prohibited from wearing cloaks or blankets, as these might limit their movements on the battlefield. Each soldier would receive either 4 or 6 rounds of ammunition and would be given 2 flints. 
Mexican soldiers would be divided into four columns. Cos would command the first column, consisting of the Aldama Battlation and three companies of the San Luis Battalion. The remaining rifle companies of the San Luis Battalion, as well as the Toluca Battalion, would be under the command of Colonel Francisco Duque. A third column, commanded by Colonel Jose Maria Romero, comprised the rifle companies from the Matamoros and Jiménez Battalions. The scouting companies of the Matamoros, Jiménez, and San Luis Battalions would form the fourth column, under Juan Morales. Santa Anna would command the reserve force, primarily the grenadier companies from each of the battalions. The cavalry would guard the camp and patrol the area around the battlefield to stop any soldier, Texian or Mexican, who attempted to desert. Although not explicitly codified in the orders, Santa Anna ensured that the presidial troops who had previously been stationed in Bexar did not take part in the fighting; this would ensure that relatives were not forced to fight each other.
That evening, James Allen became the last courier to leave the Alamo, carrying messages from Travis and several of the other men. Legend holds that at some point on March 5, Travis gathered his men and explained that an attack was likely imminent, and that the Mexican Army would likely prevail. He supposedly drew a line in the sand and asked those willing to die for the Texian cause to cross and stand alongside him. A bedridden Bowie requested that Crockett and several others carry his cot over the line, leaving only one man, Louis "Moses" Rose on the other side. Explaining that he was not yet ready to die, Rose escaped that evening. This episode was first mentioned in a newspaper article written thirty-five years after the Alamo fell by a reporter who said his parents heard the story directly from Rose. The reporter had admitted to embellishing pieces of the article, and as Rose had died by the time the story was published, so the story could not be authenticated. Years after the story was published, Alamo survivors Susannah Dickinson and Enrique Esparza mentioned the incident, but many details conflicted.
At 10 pm, the Mexican artillery ceased their bombardment. As Santa Anna had planned, the exhausted Texians soon fell into a deep sleep, the first uninterrupted sleep many had gotten since the siege began. Three Texians were sent to act as sentries outside the walls.
March 6.
At midnight, Mexican soldiers began silently moving towards their places to await the start of battle. The Texian sentries were surprised and killed quickly before they could raise an alarm. Despite the orders to forgo overcoats, cloaks, and blankets, the men were instructed to lay on their stomachs on the cold, damp grass. Although the original orders gave the battle starting time as 4 am, the soldiers were not completely in place until about 5 am. Some were stationed within of the Alamo. At 5:30 am, Santa Anna gave the order for the advance, and his excited troops began shouting "Viva Santa Anna, Viva la republica!" The shouting woke the Texians, but by the time they reached their posts the Mexican soldiers were already within musket range.

</doc>
<doc id="18634604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634604" title="Grand Pianoramax">
Grand Pianoramax

Grand Pianoramax is an experimental keyboard/drums project conceived by keyboardist Leo Tardin. The line up consists of Tardin and Dominik Burkhalter featuring various guests, often including Mike Ladd and Black Cracker.
Biography.
The 2005 self-titled debut release features Tardin with drummer Jojo Mayer (and two tracks with Ferenc Nemeth on drums). Grand Pianoramax's second release "The Biggest Piano In Town" employs the likes of drummers Deantoni Parks and Adam Deitch and expanded personnel to include guest vocals, raps and spoken word from Mike Ladd, Black Cracker, Invincible, and Spleen. 
At the same time as the album "The Biggest Piano In Town" was commercially released in the USA and Canada, Grand Pianoramax went on a 10-city tour in the US opening for Maceo Parker and then moved on to perform at several major festivals in Europe (most notably at a showcase night featuring the Andy Milne & Gregoire Maret duo, and Grand Pianoramax with Spleen & Bleubird at the 2008 Montreux Jazz Festival). Zurich-based Dominik Burkhalter had become the official drummer for the band. 
Grand Pianoramax’s third album, "Smooth Danger", was recorded and mixed between Mumbai, Berlin, Paris and Bristol (and mastered by Shawn Joseph, collaborator of Portishead). It was released in Europe and the USA in October 2010, to be supported by a European release-tour in November-December. Various guests appeared on the album, including Grand Pianoramax long-time collaborators Mike Ladd, Black Cracker and for the first time Karsh Kale on tabla.
Leo Tardin.
Leo Tardin, a native of Geneva, Switzerland, won the first Montreux Jazz Festival International Solo Piano Competition in 1999. He graduated from New School University in 2000 and spent 10 years in New York; he relocated to Berlin in 2009 for the production of his third album. He has performed with musicians like Roy Ayers, Frank Morgan, Toots Thielemans, Charles Tolliver, Dave Liebman, Enrico Rava, Maria João, Erik Truffaz, Gregoire Maret and Paula Oliveira.

</doc>
<doc id="18634614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634614" title="Active rectification">
Active rectification

Active rectification, or synchronous rectification, is a technique for improving the efficiency of rectification by replacing diodes with actively controlled switches such as transistors, usually power MOSFETs or power BJTs. Historically, vibrator driven switches or motor-driven commutators have also been used for mechanical rectifiers and synchronous rectification.
Motivation.
The constant voltage drop of a standard p-n junction diode is typically between 0.7 V and 1.7 V, causing significant power loss in the diode. Electric power depends on current and voltage: the power loss rises proportional to both current and voltage.
In low voltage converters (around 10 volts and less), the voltage drop of a diode (typically around 0.7 to 1 volt for a silicon diode at its rated current) has an adverse effect on efficiency. One classic solution replaces standard silicon diodes with Schottky diodes, which exhibit very low voltage drops (as low as 0.3 volts). However, even Schottky rectifiers can be significantly more lossy than the synchronous type, notably at high currents and low voltages. 
When addressing very low-voltage converters, such as a buck converter power supply for a computer CPU (with a voltage output around 1 volt, and many amperes of output current), Schottky rectification does not provide adequate efficiency. In such applications, active rectification becomes necessary.
Description.
Replacing a diode with an actively controlled switching element such as a MOSFET is the heart of active rectification. MOSFETs have a constant very low resistance when conducting, known as on-resistance (RDS(on)). They can be made with an on-resistance as low as 10 mΩ or even lower. The voltage drop across the transistor is then much lower, meaning a reduction in power loss and a gain in efficiency. However, Ohm's Law governs the voltage drop across the MOSFET, meaning that at high currents, the drop can exceed that of a diode. This limitation is usually dealt with either by placing several transistors in parallel, thereby reducing the current through each individual one, or by using a device with more active area (on FETs, a device-equivalent of parallel).
The control circuitry for active rectification usually uses comparators to sense the voltage of the input AC and open the transistors at the correct times to allow current to flow in the correct direction. The timing is very important, as a short circuit across the input power must be avoided and can easily be caused by one transistor turning on before another has turned off. Active rectifiers also clearly still need the smoothing capacitors present in passive examples.
Using active rectification to implement AC/DC conversion allows a design to undergo further improvements (with more complexity) to achieve an active power factor correction, which forces the current waveform of the AC source to follow the voltage waveform, eliminating reactive currents and allowing the total system to achieve greater efficiency.
Construction.
See H-bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="18634620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634620" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Raigarh">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Raigarh

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Raigarh () is a diocese located in the city of Raigarh in the Ecclesiastical province of Raipur in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18634645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634645" title="Anjum Hasan">
Anjum Hasan

Anjum Hasan (Assamese: অঞ্জুম হাচান) is an Indian poet and novelist. She was born in Shillong, Meghalaya and currently lives in Bangalore, Karnataka, India.
"Street on the Hill" (Sahitya Akademi, 2006) was her debut collection of poems. Her debut novel "Lunatic in my Head" (Zubaan-Penguin, 2007) was shortlisted for the Crossword Book Award 2007. Set in Shillong, a picturesque hill-station in north-east India, in the early 1990s, the novel weaves together the stories of its three main characters, ranging from an IAS aspirant who is obsessed with Pink Floyd to a college teacher struggling to complete her PhD and longing to find love. The novel has been described by Siddhartha Deb as 'haunting and lyrical' and as acquiring a 'lyrical intensity'.
Her second novel titled "Neti, Neti" (Roli Books, 2009) was longlisted for the 2008 Man Asian Literary Prize and shortlisted for The Hindu Best Fiction Award in 2010. Her third novel, "Difficult Pleasures", was shortlisted for The Hindu Literary Prize.
She has also contributed poems, articles and short stories to various national and international publications.
She is currently Books Editor for The Caravan.

</doc>
<doc id="18634655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634655" title="Life Begins Anew">
Life Begins Anew

Life Begins Anew () is a 1945 Italian drama film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Alida Valli. 

</doc>
<doc id="18634659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634659" title="Hawke–Keating Government">
Hawke–Keating Government

The Hawke–Keating Government refers to the Federal Government of Australia from 11 March 1983 to 11 March 1996. The Government was formed by the Australian Labor Party, and was led first by Bob Hawke as Prime Minister and then by Paul Keating. The Hawke–Keating Government began after the Fraser Government was defeated at the 1983 election, and ended with defeat at the 1996 election, which ushered in the Howard Government.
Hawke Prime Ministership (1983–1991).
The inaugural days of the Hawke government were distinctly different from those of the Whitlam era. Rather than immediately initiating extensive reform programmes, Hawke announced that Fraser's pre-election concealment of the budget deficit meant that many of Labor's election commitments would have to be deferred. Hawke convinced the Labor caucus to divide the ministry into two tiers, with only the most important Ministers attending regular cabinet meetings. This was to avoid what Hawke viewed as the unwieldy nature of the 27-member Whitlam cabinet. The caucus under Hawke exhibited a much more formalised system of parliamentary factions, which significantly altered the dynamics of caucus operations.
Hawke and Keating formed an effective political partnership despite their differences. Hawke was a Rhodes Scholar; Keating left high school early. Hawke's enthusiasms were cigars, horse racing and sport whereas Keating preferred classical architecture, Mahler symphonies, and antique collecting. Hawke was consensus-driven whereas Keating revelled in debate. Hawke was a lapsed Protestant and Keating was a practising Catholic. While the impetus for economic reform largely came from Keating, Hawke took the role of reaching consensus and providing political guidance on what was electorally feasible and how best to sell it to the public. In his first term, Hawke set the record for the highest approval rating on the ACNielsen Poll (a record which still stands as of 2008).
Economic reform included the floating of the Australian dollar, deregulation of the financial system, dismantling of the tariff system, privatised state sector industries, ended subsidisation of loss-making industries, and the sale of the state-owned Commonwealth Bank of Australia. A fringe benefits tax and a capital gains tax were implemented.
The government benefited from the disarray within the Liberal opposition after the resignation of Fraser. The Liberals were divided between supporters of John Howard and Andrew Peacock. The conservative Premier of Queensland, Sir Joh Bjelke-Petersen, also helped Hawke with his "Joh for Canberra" campaign in 1987, which proved highly damaging for the conservatives. Exploiting these divisions, Hawke led the Labor Party to comfortable election victories in 1984 and 1987.
Hawke's Prime Ministership saw friction between himself and the grassroots of the Labor Party, who were unhappy at what they viewed as Hawke's iconoclasm and willingness to co-operate with business interests. The Socialist Left faction, as well as prominent Labor figure Barry Jones, offered severe criticism of a number of government decisions. He has also received criticism for his 'confrontationalist style' in siding with the airlines in the 1989 Australian pilots' strike. The Hawke Government did, however, significantly increase the social wage as part of its Accord with the trade unions, a social democratic policy continued by the Keating Government. Improvements to the social wage included improved affordability of and access to key services such as health and child-care and health, together with large increases to payments for low-wage and jobless families with children. Indexation of child payments was also introduced, while coverage of occupational superannuation pensions was also widened significantly, from 46% of employees in 1985 to 79% in 1991.
During the course of the Eighties and early Nineties, government benefits substantially improved the incomes of the bottom 20% of households, with rent assistance, family payments, and sole parent benefits all substantially boosted in real terms. According to some historians, when examining the economic reforms carried out during the Eighties in both Australia and New Zealand, “some modest case can be mounted for Labor in Australia as refurbisher of the welfare state”. From 1983 to 1996, improved service provision, higher government transfer payments, and changes to the taxation system “either entirely offset, or at the very least substantially moderated, the increase in inequality of market incomes over the period”. During the period 1983 to 1996, Australia was one of the leading OECD countries in terms of social expenditure growth, with total social spending increasing by more than four percentage points of GDP compared to an OECD average of around 2.5 percentage
points.
“Active society” measures were also introduced in an attempt to limit the growth of poverty and inequality. From 1980 to 1994, financial assistance for low-income families in Australia increased from 60% of the OECD average in 1980 to 140% in 1994, and it is argued that the social and economic policies delivered under the government-trade union Accord had some substantial success in reducing family poverty, as characterised by reductions in child poverty from the early Eighties onwards. According to the OECD, the percentage of Australians living in poverty fell during the Hawke Government's time in office, from 11.6% of the population in 1985-86 to 9.3% in 1989-90. Child poverty also fell dramatically under the Hawke–Keating Government, with the percentage of children estimated to be living in poverty falling from nearly 16% in 1985 to around 11% by 1995. As noted by Brian Howe, social policy under Hawke was effective in reducing poverty and protecting those most vulnerable to massive social and economic change. According to some observers,
“improvements in government policies and programs in income support payments, and services such as education, health, public housing and child care, and the progressive nature of the income tax system, have all contributed to the result that Australia appears to have become a more equal society over the period from 1981-82 to 1993-94”.
The 1987 budget extended rental assistance to all Family Allowance Supplement recipients together with longer-term unemployment benefit beneficiaries. A family package was introduced that same year, designed not only to improve the adequacy of welfare payments for low-income families, but was also designed to ensure that participating in part-time work or full-time work didn’t lead to a loss in income support. The Hawke Government’s achievements in boosting financial support to low-income households were substantial, with the family assistance package bringing significant benefits to millions of low-income families in the years ahead. As noted by Ann Harding at the University of Canberra
“To appreciate the scale of these changes, let us look at the Browns, a hypothetical family. Mr Brown works for a low wage, Mrs Brown looks after two children, and they rent their home. In late 1982 the Browns received just under $13 a week in family allowance – about $25 per week in 1995-96 dollars. In contrast, in January 1996 a family like the Browns would receive $93.10 in family payment and up to $40 a week in rent assistance. You put this in perspective; such a family would have received assistance worth about 4 per cent of average weekly ordinary time earnings in November 1982, but 20 per cent of such earnings in early 1996. We are thus talking about very major changes in the amount of assistance available to low-income working families with children”.
The Hawke Government carried out a series of other measures during its time in office. Upon taking office in 1983, a Community Employment Program was set up, providing a large number of work experience opportunities in the public and non-profit sectors. Together with smaller programs such as the Community Youth Support scheme, this played a major role in both alleviating and reversing the effects of the 1982 economic recession. A Home and Community Care Program was established to provide community based services for frail aged people and people with disabilities, while to combat homelessness a Supported Accommodation Assistance program was introduced to assist those who are homeless, at risk of homelessness, or escaping domestic violence. A bereavement payment equivalent to fourteen weeks pension for the surviving member of a pensioner couple was also introduced, together with an Asylum Seeker Assistance scheme to provide help to applicants for refugee status in need. A wide range of measures were introduced to protect the environment, such a Landcare program, which was established to promote environmental conservation. In addition, spending on housing, education, and health was increased, while an anti-poverty trap package was introduced in the 1985 budget. That same year, rent assistance was extended to include ‘unemployed’ and low-income ‘working’ families. The 1985 Tax Summit led to a reduction of loopholes and distortions in the tax system, while the Family Assistance Package (introduced in 1987) significantly strengthened the amount of income support for hundreds of thousands of low-income families. Some sole parents and unemployed persons benefited from other measures designed to reduce barriers to workforce participation, deal with their housing costs, and increase their incomes. In addition, a new Child Support Agency was established, designed to provide a more efficient system of maintenance and tackle child poverty. Funding for public housing and disadvantaged students was also considerably increased. Various measures were also introduced which enhanced the rights of women in the workplace. The Sex Discrimination Act of 1984 prohibited sex discrimination in employment while the Affirmative Action (Equal Employment Opportunity for Women) Act of 1986 required all higher education institutions and all private companies with more than 100 employees to introduce affirmative action programmes on behalf of women. A year later, equal opportunity legislation for the Commonwealth Public Service was introduced. In 1986, a Disability Services Act was passed to expand opportunities for the participation of disabled persons in local communities.
A major cash benefit for low-income working households, known as the Family Allowance Supplement, was introduced which reduced poverty and provided a better-graduated system of family income support. This new benefit significantly boosted the level of income support for families principally dependent on social welfare benefits. The supplement was also made fully payable, tax-free, to low-income families who were principally reliant on wages, albeit for those who earned below a certain amount. Above that amount, the payment rate fell by 50 cents for every additional dollar of other income until it vanished entirely from families approaching the middle-income range. In addition, the social security rent allowance was extended to these families if they lived in private rental accommodation. The rates of payment were also index-linked to inflation, while additional benchmarks were fixed in order to help achieve and maintain relativities with community earnings levels. As a result of the FAS, major improvements were made in the financial position of working families on low incomes. In his memoirs, Hawke described this as “the greatest social reform of my Government, and perhaps of all Labor governments”.
In health, the Whitlam Government's universal health insurance system (Medibank), which had been dismantled by Fraser, was restored under a new name, Medicare while a Pharmaceutical Allowance was also introduced to help pay towards the cost of prescription medicines. The government's response to the AIDS concern is also considered to have been a success. In addition, nursing education was transferred from hospital-based programs to the tertiary education sector, while Australia’s first ever national mental health policy was proclaimed.
In the later years of Hawke's prime-ministership, an investigation of the idea of a treaty between Aborigines and the government, though this idea was overtaken by events, notably including the Mabo court decision.
In education, the Hawke Government sought to significantly widen educational opportunities for all Australians. Increased funds were made available for most schools, while both TAFE and higher education were expanded. Measures were taken to improve educational opportunities for Aborigines, as demonstrated by the government providing funding of almost $100 million from 1984 to 1992 for parental education, student support and tutorial assistance through its Aboriginal Education Direct Assistance Program. In addition, an Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Capital Grants Program was established to construct and renovate school buildings in remote area communalities. Government expenditure on education under Hawke also rose significantly. On a per-student basis, the increase in Commonwealth funding amounted to 136% for government schools and 71% for non-government schools. A Participation and Equity Program was also established which provided around $250 million mainly to schools with low retention to the end of secondary education from 1983 to 1987.
Student numbers in training and vocational education (mainly in TAFE colleges) rose by over 25% under Hawke. University enrolments rose by almost 57%, from 357,000 in 1984 to 559,000 in 1992.
The percentage of students in secondary education rose substantially, from 35% in 1982 to 77% in 1992, partly as a result of greater financial assistance to students from low-income backgrounds.
To increase workforce participation, a Jobs, Education and Training Program (JET) for sole parents was launched, comprising a package of measures aimed at liberalising income tests measures, ensuring access to child care, and upgrading the skills of single parents. This reform (which haws introduced with the intention of combating high levels of poverty amongst single parents) helped to enable many single parents to take on part-time work and increase their earnings. Between 1986 and 1996, according to one estimate, the percentage of single parents receiving 90% or more of their income from benefits fell from 47% to less than 36%. Other important social security initiatives introduced for the unemployed included the introduction of the New Employment Entry payment, while some administrative obstacles and income tests were relaxed.
In its first months in office the Government stopped the construction of the Franklin Dam, on the Franklin River in Tasmania, responding to protest about the issue. In 1990, a looming tight election saw a tough political operator, Graham Richardson, appointed Environment Minister, whose task it was to attract second-preference votes from the Australian Democrats and other environmental parties. Richardson claimed this as a major factor in the government's narrow re-election, and Hawke's last, in 1990. During Hawke’s last months in office, employment assistance programs were expanded, while a Building Better Cities program was launched, promising higher investment in transport and other infrastructure, mainly in outer urban and regional areas. In December 1991, Paul Keating replaced Hawke as Australian Labor Party leader and Prime Minister after winning a leadership ballot.
Keating Prime Ministership (1991–1996).
The Government introduced the Superannuation Guarantee in 1992 as part of a major reform package addressing Australia's retirement income policies. Since its introduction, employers have been required to make compulsory contributions to superannuation on behalf of most of their employees. This contribution was originally set at 3% of the employees' income, and has been incrementally increased.
The Keating government introduced mandatory detention for asylum seekers with bipartisan support in 1992. Mandatory detention would become increasingly controversial under the successive Howard coalition government.
In 1993 the Government passed the "Native Title Act" in response to the High Court's decision in Mabo v Queensland. It was Australia’s first national native title legislation.
Most commentators believed the 1993 election was "unwinnable" for Labor; the government had been in power for 10 years, the pace of economic recovery was slow, and there was an electorate perception of Keating as arrogant. However, the government under Keating's leadership succeeded in winning back the electorate with a strong campaign opposing Fightback and its GST, and a promised focus on creating jobs coming out of the recession. Keating led Labor to an unexpected election victory, and his "true believers" victory speech became famous.
In its second term of office Graham Richardson resigned involuntarily in March 1994. This was at the same time as the involuntary resignation of Ros Kelly over the Sports rorts affair. Following the resignation of treasurer John Dawkins former WA Premier Carmen Lawrence entered parliament and the ministry. However, she was unable to contribute as effectively as might have been expected due to controversy over the Royal Commission into the Easton affair.
The government's agenda under Keating included creating an Australian republic, reconciliation with Australia's indigenous population, and furthering economic and cultural ties with Asia. These issues came to be known as Keating's "big picture." Keating's embarked on a legislative program included establishing the Australian National Training Authority (ANTA), the establishment of the Creative Nation scheme (which significantly increased funding for the arts), a review of the Sex Discrimination Act, and native title rights of Australia's indigenous peoples following the "Mabo" High Court decision. A landmark workfare scheme known as "Working Nation" was implemented with the intention of providing work and training for the long-term unemployed, while the Industrial Relations Act of 1993 created a set of minimum entitlements in the workplace, relating to equal remuneration for work of equal value, unpaid parental leave, termination of employment (including unfair dismissal), and minimum wages. According to Bill Kelty, the industrial changes introduced by Keating government provided trade unions “with more rights to bargain and more protection than was afforded to unions in most other nations”. In addition, the Sex Discrimination and Affirmative Action Acts of 1986 were strengthened in 1992 by a series of amendments, with the SDA provisions extended to federal industrial awards and protections against sexual harassment in the workplace extended.
A number of improvements were made to the social wage during Keating's five years in office. These included the introduction of an Earnings Credit Scheme, which enabled pensioners to earn extra income without losing their pension payments, a nonincome-tested Child Care Cash Rebate and a Home Child Care Allowance, the latter of which was paid directly to full-time carers of children in the home, a maternity allowance, a Commonwealth Dental Health Program, the Mature Age Allowance (an early retirement scheme for unemployed disadvantaged Australians over the age of sixty), a Parenting Allowance (a payment for parents with children at home and with very little personal income), an Additional Parenting Allowance to the partners of unemployed workers. and a Seniors’ Health Card.
The system of rental assistance was made more generous, with the maximum rates of Rent Assistance rates increased in real terms between March 1993 and September 1994 by 138.9% for families with three or more children, by 109.2% for families with one or two children, by 90.5% for single recipients without children, and by 79.5 for couples without children. These increased rates were protected by inflation as the rates had been indexed twice yearly from March 1991 onwards. Students in receipt of the homeless rate of AUSTUDY or ABSTUDY were also made eligible for rental assistance. In addition, various schemes were introduced to assist farmers.
The Keating Government also made improvements to the family benefits system, continuing a major policy of Bob Hawke’s government. In 1987, the Hawke Government established benchmarks for the adequacy of maximum level family payments (i.e. payments to social security recipients and low-income working families) to ensure that they provided effective assistance to those in need. These benchmarks were set at percentages of the pension rate, and were therefore linked indirectly to Average Weekly Earnings. From a value of 11.9% of the combined married pension rate, the value of the Family Allowance Supplement was set to increase to 15% for children under 13 years old and to 20% for children aged between the ages of 13 and 15. These benchmarks were increased by the Keating Government in 1992 and again in 1995 to reach 16.6% and 21.6%, respectively.
In foreign policy, Keating developed bilateral links with Australia's neighbours, in particular with Indonesia, and took an active role in the establishment of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum (APEC), initiating the annual leaders' meeting.
The Keating Government was defeated by the Liberal-National Coalition led by John Howard at the Australian federal election, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18634672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634672" title="Dundas Falls">
Dundas Falls

Dundas Falls is an 8 metre terraced classical waterfall found on CN property that flows year round near the Bruce Trail at the Dundas District Public School in Dundas, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. This waterfall has been reconfigured to control flooding at the school beside it.
Nearby attractions include Spencer Gorge / Webster's Falls Conservation Area, Tew's Falls, Bruce Trail, Greensville Optimists' Park, Dundas Valley Conservation Area
Directions.
Located on the CN property right-of-way about 50 metres north of King Street in Dundas at the base of the escarpment between the former Dundas District Public School and the CNR tracks.
External links.
Maps.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18634678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634678" title="Eleutherius of Tournai">
Eleutherius of Tournai

Saint Eleutherius of Tournai () (died c. 532) is venerated as a saint and considered the first bishop of Tournai. The "Catholic Encyclopedia" writes that "historically there is very little known about St. Eleutherius, but he was without doubt the first Bishop of Tournai." 
Tradition makes him a lifelong friend of St. Medardus, and the two saints had been courtiers before becoming bishops.
Eleutherius was probably named bishop of Tournai after St. Remigius organized the church hierarchy of northern Gaul at the end of the fifth century.
Some sermons on the Trinity, Nativity, and the feast of the Annunciation ("Bibliotheca Patrum, vol. XV") are falsely attributed to him.
Martyrdom.
Eleutherius is venerated as a martyr although this legend is considered an invention of the canon priest Henri of Tournai, who wrote a "vita" of Eleutherius in 1141. At the end of the 11th century the Church of Tournai had been trying to become independent from the diocese of Noyon, and Henri had been motivated by the need to prove the antiquity of the Church of Tournai. "Catholic Online" repeats the legend that a "group of Arians enraged by his preaching beat him severely He died some weeks later www.catholic.org, Retrieved on 29 July 2008</ref>
Henri's account states that Eleutherius was a native of Tournai who was born during the reign of Childeric I. Eleutherius' parents were Christians and were named Terenus and Blanda; Terenus was a descendant in the family of Irenaeus of Lyons. Persecutions of Christians forced the family to flee to a village named "Blandinium" (Blandain), but after the conversion of Clovis to Christianity, the family built a church at Blandinium (Blandain). Eleutherius eventually became bishop of Tournai, and was consulted by Pope Hormisdas on the matter of eradicating Arianism. Eleutherius convened a church council, and argued effectively against the Arians, who were angered by this. One day, as he was going to church, he was beaten up by a group of Arians and left for dead. He subsequently died from the wounds he received, on his death-bed confiding his flock to Medardus.
Veneration.
There exists a testimony recording the recovery of his relics during the episcopate of Bishop Hedilo of Tournai, in 897 or 898. Bishop Baudoin translated Eleutherius' relics in 1064 or 1065. Eleutherius’ relics were translated again in 1247, when the great reliquary shrine was commissioned by Bishop Walter de Marvis. In its gable end St Eleutherius appears, holding his crozier in one hand and in the other a model of the cathedral with its five spires.
The monastery of St. Martin at Tournai and the cathedral of Bruges also claimed some of the saint's relics.

</doc>
<doc id="18634687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634687" title="General line of the party">
General line of the party

In the terminology of communism, the general line of the party or simply the general line refers to the directives of the governing bodies of a party (usually a communist party) which define the party's politics. The term was in common use by the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (since its early days under other names) and also adopted by many other communist parties around the world. The notion is rooted in the major principle of democratic centralism, which requires unconditional obedience to top level decisions at all party levels.
Soviet Union.
The term has acquired a significant notoriety in the context of Soviet political repressions, where deviations from the general line have led to severe punishment. The introduction to a collection of documents from the Stalinist era says that general line statements produced by the Stalinist leadership were written with great care and exact phrasing in prescribed terminology and with established slogans.
The goal was to provide a means of political and social control. Once the Central Committee formulated a statement about the party line on a particular issue, it was republished in major newspapers, such as "Pravda." Disagreements with the party line were treated as a political crime: anti-Soviet agitation.

</doc>
<doc id="18634688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634688" title="Terry Jennings">
Terry Jennings

Terry Jennings (19 July 1940 – 11 December 1981) was an American minimalist composer and performer.
Terry Jennings was born in Eagle Rock, Los Angeles, California, in 1940. Coming from a background in jazz, he played piano, clarinet, and saxophones. He played jazz with La Monte Young in Los Angeles in the mid-1950s, and later began to compose in the manner of Young's early sustained-tone style (Garland and Young 2001). He also studied with Robert Erickson at the San Francisco Conservatory of Music and Leonard Stein at the California Institute of the Arts. He was active as both composer and performer in New York starting in 1960, where he worked with the James Waring Dance Company and with La Monte Young's Theatre of Eternal Music. Two of his compositions from 1960, "Piano Piece" and String Quartet were published in "An Anthology of Chance Operations" (edited by Young in 1963). This publication led to the performance of both pieces in England by Cornelius Cardew and others (Garland and Young 2001). His early works are quiet, simple, and restrained, much like some of the early work of Morton Feldman, but generally more tonal. One of his early pieces, "Piano", is included in manuscript in the book "Notations" (1969) by John Cage. He strongly influenced American composers Harold Budd and Peter Garland, as well as British composer Howard Skempton. In the 1970s, he turned to a neo-romantic style (Garland and Young 2001). Jennings died in San Pablo, California in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18634691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634691" title="General line">
General line

General line may have the following meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="18634705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634705" title="Peter Ratcliffe">
Peter Ratcliffe

Major Peter Ratcliffe DCM is an author and former member of the Special Air Service (SAS).
Peter Ratcliffe came originally from Salford, Greater Manchester. As a boy, he joined the 1st Battalion, The Parachute Regiment (1 PARA) before and eventually going on to pass the SAS selection course. Upon joining the regiment, he was posted to 18 (Mobility) Troop D Squadron. 
During his time in the SAS he was to deploy into a number of theatre and operations including the Dhofar Rebellion in Oman, the Falklands War and Operation Granby in the Gulf. During the 1991 Gulf War, Ratcliffe was the Regimental Sergeant Major and deployed in Iraq to relieve the Officer Commanding A Squadron (one of the few times where an enlisted man has formally relieved a commissioned officer). He subsequently led the squadron on a raid on a communication site known as "Victor Two" for which he was awarded the DCM.
After the conflict Ratcliffe was himself commissioned as an officer.
Apart from writing books himself Ratcliffe has appeared in books by Andy McNab, Chris Ryan, Peter 'Yorkie' Crossland and Cameron Spence.

</doc>
<doc id="18634715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634715" title="Yahoo M45">
Yahoo M45

The M45 Project (or M45) is the name of a supercomputing cluster announced in November 2007 by Yahoo!.
According to Yahoo!, it has approximately 4,000 processors, three terabytes of memory, 1.5 petabytes of disks, and a peak performance of more than 27 trillion calculations per second (27 teraflops), placing it among the top 50 fastest supercomputers in the world.
Name.
M45 is named after the Messier catalog number of the constellation commonly known as the Pleiades.

</doc>
<doc id="18634719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634719" title="Howard Prairie Lake">
Howard Prairie Lake

Howard Prairie Lake is a reservoir located above sea level in Jackson County, Oregon, United States. It is east of Ashland. The lake is formed by the tall Howard Prairie Dam, which impounds Beaver Creek, in the Klamath River watershed.
History.
The reservoir was created in 1958 when the tall earthfill dam was completed by the Talent Division of the Rogue River Basin Project.
A canal diverting water from nearby Little Butte Creek, (in the Rogue River watershed), to the lake was also completed.
Statistics.
Howard Prairie Lake has an average surface area of , and an average volume of . It has a maximum depth of , and an average depth of .
The lake has a drainage basin.
Flora and fauna.
Howard Prairie Lake is known for its large number of rainbow trout, largemouth bass, and smallmouth bass.
Ducks and geese inhabit the surrounding regions. The lake is surrounded by pine and fir forests in the Cascade Mountains.
Recreation.
Boating, water skiing, fishing, and camping at the three public campgrounds are popular activities at the lake.
Hiking and biking are also popular on trails around the lake. The Howard Prairie Lake Resort is located on the northern shore of the lake and features a large marina, boat ramp, restaurant, campground, and convenience store.
References.
Official Howard Prairie Resort Website
[http://jacksoncountyor.org/parks/Camping/HowardPrairieResort.aspx]

</doc>
<doc id="18634736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634736" title="Partenza ore 7">
Partenza ore 7

Partenza ore 7 is a 1946 Italian film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Chiaretta Gelli.

</doc>
<doc id="18634759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634759" title="Moonwink">
Moonwink

Moonwink is the sixth studio album by The Spinto Band. It was released on October 7, 2008 in North America and September 22, 2008 worldwide. It leaked onto various p2p sites on August 7.

</doc>
<doc id="18634801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634801" title="Vic Vickers">
Vic Vickers

Raymond B. "Vic" Vickers is an American historian, author, and lawyer. He was a Republican Party candidate for the United States Senate seat held by incumbent Ted Stevens of Alaska.
Vickers is the former assistant State Comptroller, a lawyer, author, and owner of Florida-based maritime company Eller & Co. Vickers grew up and worked in Florida, moving to Alaska with his wife and two children in January 2008. They now reside in a home located in the Turnagain neighborhood of Anchorage. Vickers has encountered criticism for his extremely short residency in Alaska, but has countered with the assertion that over the course of his life he has spent a considerable amount of time in the state. Vickers says that he hitchhiked to Alaska as a college student in 1970, working for two years as an aide to Alaska Supreme Court Chief Justice George Boney. Vickers also states that he has spent time in Alaska almost every summer since then, and is presently writing a book about the state's corruption problems.
The Alaska Republican primary took place on August 26, 2008. Vickers said he was prepared to spend $750,000 of his own money to beat Ted Stevens, and bought up all the statewide television airtime he could for his ads; in the end the amount he spent was closer to one million. Vickers was a registered Democrat in Florida, though has filed to run as a Republican in Alaska.
Vickers has a Ph.D in economic history from Florida State University, and authored the 2007 book "Panic in Paradise: Florida's Banking Crash of 1926". Also, a book in 2011 called "Panic in the Loop: Chicago's Banking Crisis of 1932"

</doc>
<doc id="18634820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634820" title="Carlo Campanini">
Carlo Campanini

Carlo Campanini (5 October 1906 – 20 November 1984), was an Italian actor, singer and comedian. He appeared in 128 films between 1939 and 1969.
Born in Turin, Campanini attended a technical school and a course of singing, then he started his career at nineteen entering the company of prose Casaleggio, with whom he toured six months in Argentina. In the following years Campanini was cast as singer-comedian and even as a tenor in a number of revue and operetta companies. In 1936 he became the leading actor in the company of Vivienne D'Arys, in which he successfully teamed with Carlo Dapporto. He made his film debut in 1939, in "Lo vedi come sei... lo vedi come sei?" alongside Macario, then he soon became a very usual presence in comedy films, in roles of sidekick or as a character actor. In 1945 he had his only film leading role, in the critically apprecciated Mario Soldati's drama "Le miserie del signor Travet". Since 1950, starting from the comedy play "Sogno di un Walter", he became the usual sidekick of Walter Chiari on stage, TV and films.

</doc>
<doc id="18634842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634842" title="Community Living Ontario">
Community Living Ontario

Community Living Ontario (formerly "Ontario Association for Community Living") is a non-profit organization in Ontario, Canada for people with intellectual disabilities.
Community Living Ontario is a federation of more than 117 local associations (known as affiliates) and part of the Canadian Association for Community Living.
History.
Community Living Ontario was founded in April 27, 1953 as the Ontario Association for Retarded Children. In 1987, the name of the organization was changed to the Ontario Association for Community Living. In 2008, Community Living Ontario added eight new affiliates. In 2009, Community Living Ontario and its local affiliate members saw the closure of three remaining mass institutions for people with intellectual disabilities in Ontario. The Community Living movement is celebrated in Ontario every May with Community Living Month, highlighted by Community Living Day in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario.
Advocacy.
The organization has been noted by a book as "one of the most influential advocacy groups in Canada" for people with intellectual disabilities.
It promotes inclusive education so that people with intellectual disabilities can "go with their neighbourhood friends, to their neighbourhood schools where they further their growth and development together.". It also advocates for the inclusion of individuals with intellectual disabilities in all aspects of community life. This includes advocating for de-institutionalization, with a major milestone realized in 2009 when Minister of Community and Social Services Madeleine Meilleur proclaimed the closure of Rideau, Huronia and the Southwest Regional Centres. On April 1, 2009 Community Living held its 10th Annual Day at the Legislature, where close to 300 people—including people who have an intellectual disability, their families and friends, volunteers, and staff of Community Living associations, and other community advocates—joined together at Queen's Park to celebrate the closures and the dawning of a new era in Ontario.
In advocating for de-institutionalization one of Community Living Ontario's current concerns is the trend toward placements in nursing homes. According to Professor Patricia Spindel, a senior adviser to the organization, people with intellectual disabilities are being increasingly funneled into nursing homes instead of other more appropriate housing options.
Community Living Ontario was also an important contributor to Bill 77, the "Services and Supports to Promote the Social Inclusion of Persons with Developmental Disabilities Act" of 2008. Seven of the fifteen recommendations made by the organization to the Government of Ontario were adopted. "We're very encouraged to see the concept of social inclusion named in this legislation,” said Dianne Garrels-Munro, past president of Community Living Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="18634844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634844" title="Mississippi Coast Yachting Association">
Mississippi Coast Yachting Association

The Mississippi Coast Yachting Association was organized to promote the sport of yacht racing on the Mississippi Gulf Coast and nearby areas.
History.
Founded in 1947, the MCYA is composed of the seven Gulf Yachting Association General Member Yacht Clubs of the Mississippi coastal counties.
Sailing.
The organization also sponsors the Race Week Regatta (A GYA Capdeville Event which is raced in the fall at one of the member clubs (the event rotates annually) and the Great Ship Island Race.
Each year a sailor from the Mississippi Gulf Coast is chosen as the Budweiser Sailor of the Year
Location.
Southern Mississippi, coast counties of Jackson, Harrison and Hancock.
Member Yacht Clubs.
Bay Waveland
Biloxi
Gulfport
Long Beach
Ocean Springs
Pass Christian
Singing River (Pascagoula)
See also.
Biloxi Yacht Club

</doc>
<doc id="18634861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634861" title="Ario Pardee, Jr.">
Ario Pardee, Jr.

Ario Pardee, Jr. (October 28, 1839 – March 16, 1901) was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He rose to fame during the Battle of Gettysburg, where he led the defense of a portion of Culp's Hill on July 3, 1863. A monument on the Gettysburg Battlefield commemorates the spot as "Pardee Field."
Early life.
Ario (Ariovistus) Pardee, Jr. was the eldest child of Ariovistus Pardee, a capitalist who founded Hazleton, Pennsylvania, and Elizabeth Jacobs. He was born in Hazleton on October 28, 1839. In 1847, his mother died in childbirth. The following year, his father married Anna Maria Robison, the family's governess. Pardee trained as a civil engineer at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. After graduating in 1858, he became involved in running his father’s anthracite coal mines. By the outbreak of the war, he was married to Mary Allison. Their only child was stillborn during the Civil War. Ario Pardee Jr. has no direct descendants.
Civil War in the East.
Pardee joined the 28th Pennsylvania Infantry on June 28, 1861. It was encamped at Camp Coleman in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in July while completing organization. After serving as captain of Company A, organized by his father, he was named major on November 1 of that year. (Col John W. Geary had been made a brigadier general, and Pardee was among those promoted in the follow-up to that promotion.) Pardee served under Geary in the Shenandoah Valley, when MG Nathaniel Banks was bested by Stonewall Jackson. Pardee criticized Geary's actions in that campaign, especially his abandoning Thoroughfare Gap in the face of a Confederate advance. Pardee thought Geary overestimated dangers confronting him. While serving under MG John Pope in Virginia, Pardee missed the Battle of Cedar Mountain; and Banks' command was not engaged at the Second Battle of Bull Run, being detailed to guard the rear of Pope's army. It only did some skirmishing after the battle had ended.
At the rank of major, Pardee led the regiment at the Battle of Antietam on September 17, 1862, serving in the brigade of Lt. Col. Hector Tyndale in Second Division of the XII Corps. Ario escaped uninjured, despite having a horse shot out from under him. BG George S. Greene, the division commander, commended Pardee for his conduct at Antietam.[http://aotw.org/exhibit.php?exhibit_id=134] Pardee even took command of the brigade briefly, because Tyndale had been wounded. Shortly thereafter, on October 9 of that year, some companies of the 28th became part of the new 147th Pennsylvania Infantry, together with three newly recruited companies. Pardee was named lieutenant colonel and commander of the regiment.
Pardee next saw combat in the Battle of Chancellorsville, where he led the regiment in the brigade of Col. Charles Candy in the Second Division of BG John White Geary, his former regimental commander. He retained command at the Battle of Gettysburg, during which he was engaged in the fighting on Culp's Hill on July 2, and July 3, 1863. A field on Culp’s Hill has been named for him, as a sign painted on a stone shows. The 147th Pennsylvania faced that field during the fighting on July 3, as XII Corps tried to win back ground lost to the Confederate troops of Lt. Gen. Richard S. Ewell on the day before. (Geary had wandered off with two brigades, instead of going to reinforce the army's endangered left flank.) Their foes resumed the previous day's efforts to carry Culp’s Hill by attacking up hill. Pardee was told to maintain a steady volume of fire on the Confederates. This aided repulse of the last attack of BG George H. Steuart's brigade across the field. The volume of fire, however, was such that ammunition became scarce. By 11:00 AM the Confederate attacks ended. The report of Col Charles Candy that Pardee's regiment advanced to the wall on the opposite side of the contested field is not supported by other accounts.
Civil War in the West.
Pardee went west with the rest of XII Corps and XI Corps, which had been sent to the relief of the Army of the Cumberland, besieged in Chattanooga, Tennessee by the Confederate Army of Tennessee. The regiment participated in the Battle of Wauhatchie, the Battle of Lookout Mountain and the Battle of Ringgold Gap while under the overall command of Maj. Gen. Joseph Hooker. Pardee, ordinarily a critic of Geary, praised his division commander's conduct at Wauhatchie.
Pardee was promoted to the rank of colonel on March 19, 1864. He then led the regiment in Col Candy's brigade in Brig. Gen. John W. Geary’s second division XX Corps in the Army of the Cumberland. This corps had been created out of XI Corps, XII Corps and some garrison troops. Hooker commanded the corps at the beginning of Maj. Gen. William T. Sherman’s Atlanta Campaign. At the Battle of Peachtree Creek, Pardee's regiment held its ground against attacking Confederate forces while the regiments either side of it retreated. The 147th suffered heavy losses, and Pardee complained that his right flank was thrown into disorder by routed troops. The battle also resulted in the death of his cousin, who was in the same infantry, Isaiah Platt.
After Colonel Candy was mustered out of the service, Pardee usually led the first brigade of Geary’s Division in the later stages of the Atlanta Campaign, the March to the Sea and the Carolinas Campaign. During that latter campaign, XX Corps became part of Maj. Gen. Henry Warner Slocum’s Army of Georgia. Pardee's last major battle as a brigade commander was the Battle of Bentonville in North Carolina.
Pardee received promotion to the brevet rank of brigadier general on January 12, 1865, for the Battle of Peachtree Creek. He was discharged from the service on June 13 of that year.
Postbellum activities.
After the Civil War, Pardee returned to Pennsylvania. There he went back into the coal business as a partner with his father and his brother Calvin. Ario Jr. was not heavily involved in the management of these enterprises. That fell to his father and then to brothers Calvin and Frank. Colonel Pardee's health seems to have been undermined by war service, which would explain his passive role. He also had interests in railroads and belonged to the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States.[http://aotw.org/officers.php?officer_id=296] Mary Pardee predeceased her husband, and he grew testy in old age. Ario Pardee Jr. died at Wyncote, Pennsylvania, on March 16, 1901. He was buried in the churchyard of St. Paul’s Episcopal Church in Elkins Park, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18634879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634879" title="Henry Cave-Browne-Cave">
Henry Cave-Browne-Cave

Air Vice Marshal Henry Meyrick Cave-Browne-Cave CB, DSO, DFC, RAF (1 February 1887 – 5 August 1965) was an engineering officer in the Royal Naval Air Service during World War I and senior commander in the Royal Air Force during the 1930s.
Henry Cave-Browne-Cave was the son of Sir Thomas Cave-Browne-Cave (1835–1924) (see Cave-Browne-Cave baronets for earlier history of the family) and Blanche Matilda Mary Ann Milton. He was the brother of the mathematicians Beatrice Mabel Cave-Browne-Cave and Frances Cave-Browne-Cave. He was educated at Dulwich College in London.
World War I.
During World War I, Cave-Browne-Cave served in the Royal Naval Air Service, initially as the Engineering Officer at the Grain Island naval air station and later as the second in command of the station. In the summer of 1916, Cave-Browne-Cave was appointed as a squadron commander. He later served as Officer Commanding the Seaplane Station at Dunkirk and then as the Officer Commanding the Seaplane Station at Malta. 
By 1918, Cave-Browne-Cave had risen to the rank of wing commander and on 1 April, when the Royal Naval Air Service merged with the Royal Flying Corps to form the Royal Air Force, Cave-Browne-Cave was transferred to the RAF as a lieutenant colonel.
Inter-war years.
In 1919 Cave-Browne-Cave was awarded a permanent commission in the RAF and reverted to his previous rank of wing commander. He went on to serve in a senior training appointment at No. 1 School of Technical Training before working as the RAF's Deputy Director of Design.
The summer of 1926 saw Cave-Browne-Cave promoted to group captain and appointed as Deputy Director of Technical Development several months later. He only worked in technical development for several months as in May 1927 he took up the post of Officer Commanding the Far East Flight. The Far East Flight was a newly created unit and it was established to prove that the RAF had the capability to reinforce the more remote parts of the British Empire. The Flight, led by Cave-Browne-Cave, departed Plymouth on 17 October 1927 and eventually arrived in Singapore on 28 February the next year. Cave-Browne-Cave then took the Far East Flight on a flying tour of Australia further demonstrating the increasing reach of British air power. After the Far East Flight returned to Singapore, it was redesignated No. 205 Squadron and Cave-Browne-Cave returned to England as a supernumerary within the headquarters of Coastal Area. The following summer, Cave-Browne-Cave returned to Singapore, resuming his former command in its upgraded form as No. 205 Squadron. At the start of 1930 he became the Officer Commanding RAF Base Singapore.
Back at the Air Ministry in London, Cave-Browne-Cave is credited as being the person who authorised the UKP 10,000 investment in the development of the Supermarine Spitfire in time for it to be the decisive fighter in the Battle of Britain.
On 17 January 1939, when flying out of RAF Eastchurch, Cave-Browne-Cave was seriously injured in a flying accident which occurred at Butley in Suffolk. His personal assistant, Flying Officer Geoffrey Beavis was killed and Cave-Browne-Cave's active career came to an end.

</doc>
<doc id="18634892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634892" title="The Two Orphans (1947 film)">
The Two Orphans (1947 film)

The Two Orphans () is a 1947 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Totò.
Plot.
The story is set in Paris in the middle of 1800. Caspar (Totò) and the Baptist (Campanini) are two poor homeless staying in an orphanage, not knowing where to stay. One day the two orphans are called by the director to solve a very special case: Susanne, a girl from the orphanage would like to marry a rich young but her father is against it because he does not know anything about the origins of his girlfriend. So Gasparre has the bright idea to cut a lock of hair to swap it with that of Susanne and so the father of the rich man discovers that the owner of the hair is of noble origins and thus a relative. Caspar along with the Baptist enters the new family but the nobles Parisians have in mind to delete the new emperor Napoleon III of France and the two tramps are involved against their bungling. Being in the real room of the emperor, Napoleon immediately catches them and makes them stop, so Caspar and Baptist are sentenced to the guillotine. But just as the ax is about to fall on their heads, the two orphans wake up with a start: it was all a dream.

</doc>
<doc id="18634911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634911" title="Adio Kerida">
Adio Kerida

Adio Kerida: Goodbye my Dear Love is an award-winning 2002 documentary by anthropologist Ruth Behar that follows her trip back to Cuba, the place of her childhood, as she searches for memories from her past and investigates the dwindling Jewish community that remains.
Summary.
Ruth Behar was Born in Cuba before the Cuban Revolution but was too young to remember the Havana that she and her family left behind upon immigrating to the U.S. The film follows as Behar leaves her home in Michigan to return to Havana, where her father and grandfather once worked as peddlers.
Behar presents Danayda Levy as an example of Cuban Jewry. Danayda's mother is a Jehovah's Witness, while her father, Jose, is president of the Sephardi Jewish center. She sits in her mother's apartment, with her sister who practices Santería, the Nigerian-cum-Afro-Cuban religion. While Santería sings praise to Elegua, the "one who opens doors," Danayda plays the drum and professes her commitment to Judaism. Danayda reads from the Torah with her father's help.
Ruth Behar is half Ashkenazi and half Sephardic. Her father, a dark haired Turkish Jew, traces his history back to the expulsion of the Jews from Spain in 1492. "It is said that when our ancestors left Spain, they took the keys with them," says Behar, "always believing in the possibility of return." Fittingly then, she finds reminders of her family's history everywhere: her parents’ former apartment in Havana is unaltered –- not a piece of furniture out of place; the Behar name is all over the gravestones in the Sephardic cemetery; and on the street named Inquisador, Behar visits the ruins of her father's temple. She asks, "Who am I in Cuba? A returning native, a reluctant anthropologist, or a tourist?"
Reception.
"Visual Anthropology Review":
"Personal, poetic, and reflective...offers a glimpse into a relatively unknown realm of the Cuban reality. Recommended."
"Library Journal":
"Offers an easy-to-view introduction to a fascinating culture. Libraries with strong Jewish studies collections should definitely have this one."
See also.
Other films about Cuban Jewry:

</doc>
<doc id="18634930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634930" title="Sacramento State Marching Band">
Sacramento State Marching Band

TheSacramento State Marching Band is the official marching band at California State University, Sacramento. The Band was formed in 1958, and until 1996 was known as the Sacramento State Marching Musicians. To this day the band performs at all home football games and various away games during the football season. The Band also functions as the de facto student cheering section at athletic events. The Band also is present every year during The Causeway Classic against arch-rival UC Davis. The band motto: "Without Us, It's Just A Game!", was adopted in 1996. In 2008, Dr. Clay Redfield, became the newest director of the band. He is the first alumnus to ever lead the band.
The 2008 season marked the 50th Anniversary of the SSMB.
Membership.
The SSMB is composed primarily of students from Sacramento State. Membership is open to anyone who can march and play an instrument. However students wishing to join the drum line must audition for placement.
The Sacramento State Hornet Revue.
The Sacramento State Hornet Revue is the smaller subset of the marching band and usually performs as the official pep band. The Hornet Revue performs at home volleyball and basketball games and also various public venues outside the university.
Traditions.
Marching Style.
The Sacramento State Marching Band marches the glide step style.
The Rivalry.
The Band strives to keep the Sac State-UC Davis rivalry alive, which is highlighted each year at the annual Causeway Classic.
Trooping.
Trooping is a tradition of the SSMB performed usually during game days, parade performances, or other school functions. The Band marches in parade block formation usually accompanied by the colorguard along with Sacramento State Cheer Team and Dance Team. During Trooping, the Drum Line plays its signature "Rumble" Cadence and the band stops and plays for tailgaters prior to home football games.
Repertoire.
The band's musical repertoire consists of various classic rock, jazz, funk, grunge, metal, Latin and pop tunes, as well as the school's fight song, "Fight Hornet Fight".

</doc>
<doc id="18634942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634942" title="Phenakospermum">
Phenakospermum

Phenakospermum is a monotypic genus in the family Strelitziaceae. Only one species is recognized, Phenakospermum guyannense, native to Surinam, French Guyane and the eastern Amazon River basin. This plant grows to over 10 m in height but can be felled with a single blow with a machete.
Although not as prized as the ornamental Traveler's palm (in the same family), "P. guyannense" is used locally in Brazil as a landscape element. The broad leaves are used to wrap fish in Benevides, Brazil, especially when "Calathea" leaves (Marantaceae) are not available.
Previously, this genus was included in the now exclusively Old World genus "Ravenala".

</doc>
<doc id="18634947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634947" title="Tim Schrick">
Tim Schrick

Tim Schrick (born January 20, 1976) is a German racecar driver and television presenter. He is the son of Peter Schrick, founder of engine manufacturing company "Dr. Schrick GmbH" now known as "AVL-Schrick GmbH".
Schrick has made a number of starts in the 24 Hours Nürburgring endurance event as well as several other car racing championships such as the ADAC Volkswagen Polo Cup.
From September 2006 until end of 2008, along with Sabine Schmitz and Carsten van Ryssen, he has hosted a motoring program on German television channel DMAX known as "D Motor", similar to the BBC's "Top Gear".
Tim Schrick prepared an Aston Martin V8 Vantage which he entered in the 2009 24 Hours Nürburgring endurance race, ex-DTM driver Jörg van Ommen has been named as one of the drivers. The project is featured on the DMAX Channel. Sponsors include Sachs Race-Engineering, Eibach Springs, 3D-Flowtec, Schrick Camshafts and DMAX. Unfortunately the car suffered problems during qualifying and started from the pit lane for the race itself. Further problems were encountered in the first lap and the car could not make it back to the pit lane, prematurely ending the teams participation.
Schrick and his team have stated that they will continue their project, having received widespread support from the general public and the general motorsport community.
2010 Tim Schrick, Ralf Goral, Patrick Bernhard and Wolfgang Weber tried again and finished (inoffical) 146 after 75 completed turns. Schrick left the team after the race (and some internal trouble), stating he has achieved his goal. "Team Schrick" will continue racing in 2011, otherwise as stated before even as "Team Schrick", but without Schrick. 
From October 2010 Schrick hosts a motoring program on German television channel Sport1 called "Turbo", along with Sabine Schmitz and, from April 2011, Smudo, a German rapper.) 
He is among drivers who have been discussed in connection to BBC "Top Gear" anonymous driver 'The Stig'. However he raced against The Stig in the final episode of series 11 of "Top Gear" and lost, despite having a four-second head-start.

</doc>
<doc id="18634982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634982" title="Amiot 110">
Amiot 110

__NOTOC__
The Amiot 110, also known as the Amiot-SECM 110, was a French prototype interceptor designed and built in 1929.
Development.
The 110 was designed as a contender in the so-called "Jockey" lightweight interceptor contest in which it competed against 9 other types. It was of all-metal construction, with fabric wing skinning. Basically a parasol monoplane, it was fitted with a jettisonable aerofoil-section fuel tank inserted in the fuselage aft of the main undercarriage.
Operational history.
It first flew in June 1928, and looked a promising candidate to win the "Jockey" contest. However, it crashed on 1 July 1929, killing the pilot, due to several loose rivets and integrity flaws, and no further production went ahead, after a second prototype was deemed inferior to the Nieuport-Delage NiD 62.

</doc>
<doc id="18635003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635003" title="Osborn Engineering Company">
Osborn Engineering Company

Osborn Engineering Company was a British manufacturer of motorcycles, which sold its machines under the OEC brand name.
The company was founded by John Osborn in 1901, producing Minerva engined bikes. Later machines used a variety of engines from companies such as Blackburne, and JAP. In 1927 OEC introduced its first bike with the duplex steering system. The most famous model produced by the firm was the OEC Commander introduced in 1938, with a 500 cc single-cylinder Matchless engine and duplex steering. 
During the Second World War, OEC ceased motorcycle production to concentrate on war work. In 1949 the company commenced production of the Atlanta, a lightweight machine with a choice of 122 cc or 197 cc Villiers engines, followed in 1951 by the Apollo, with a 248 cc side-valve Brockhouse engine. Neither of these postwar machines was successful and the company ceased production in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="18635005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635005" title="Macedonian Stock Exchange">
Macedonian Stock Exchange

The Macedonian Stock Exchange (Macedonian: Македонска берза, "Makedonska berza") is the principal stock exchange in the Republic of Macedonia. It is located in the capital city of Skopje and its name is abbreviated to MSE. It was established in 1995 and the first trading occurred in 1996.
Operations.
Stock indices.
Stock indices at the Macedonian Stock exchange include:

</doc>
<doc id="18635009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635009" title="Totò al giro d'Italia">
Totò al giro d'Italia

"Totò al giro d'Italia" is a 1948 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Totò. 
The film features cameo's of famous cyclists of that time: Fausto Coppi, Gino Bartali, Fiorenzo Magni, Ferdi Kubler, Giordano Cottur, Gianni Ortelli, Oreste Conte, Adolfo Consolini, Louison Bobet, Briek Schotte, Amos Matteucci, Jean-Pierre Wimille, Ulisse Lorenzetti, Di Segni, Amadeo Deiana, Aldo Spoldi, Giuseppe Tosi, Camillo Achilli and Tazio Nuvolari.
Plot.
Italy is about to take the famous cycling race of 1948, the event is seen by everyone, even by Dante Alighieri and by the Roman Emperor Nero from top of the Paradise. Totò is a mild professor who knows nothing about cycling and bicycles, but to make a good impression with her students is at stake practicing day after day. But Totò proves to be a total failure and so desperate calls the devil. This really comes and offers him a contract: Totò would win all cycling races past champions like Gino Bartali or Fausto Coppi, but in the end he had to give his soul and life after the demon. Totò initially includes only the first part of the contract or to win all the races, but then the demon appears to him a second time to remind him of the price you pay. Totò is desperate and does everything possible to not win the last race, but the legs on the pedals are as haunted and Totò can not stop. Approaching the last race and Totò is on the verge of collapsing morally, but his friends and the lovely Dorina, which Totò was madly in love, you invent a trick so clever as to deceive even the Devil.

</doc>
<doc id="18635017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635017" title="Chaka Fattah Jr.">
Chaka Fattah Jr.

Chaka Fattah Jr. (born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, November 29, 1982) is an American entrepreneur. Fattah is President of 259 Strategies, LLC, a management consulting firm. In September 2007, Fattah was named one of the Young Entrepreneurs of Rittenhouse Square by Rittenhouse Magazine. In November 2008, Fattah was featured as a business vanguard in "Philadelphia Style" magazine.
Early life.
Fattah is the son of U.S. Rep. Chaka Fattah and Michelle R. Fattah. He grew up in West Philadelphia in the Overbrook section. His parents later divorced. He is also the stepson of NBC 10 Anchor Renee Chenault-Fattah. He is a graduate of Central High School and Drexel University. His professional career started in marketing at Comcast Corporation, the largest cable television company in the United States.
259 Strategies, LLC.
259 Strategies combines consulting experience with creative solutions to implement projects that yield impressive results. In July 2013, the company launched a marketing campaign entitled Consulting. Creativity. Results.
Controversy.
On February 29, 2012, FBI agents served subpoenas at his condo at the Ritz Carlton Residences in Philadelphia and downtown office in connection with a $450,000 contract received from Delaware Valley High School, an alternative education company. As of February, 2014 no charges have been filed against him.

</doc>
<doc id="18635024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635024" title="Richard Pilbrow">
Richard Pilbrow

Richard Pilbrow (born April 28, 1933 in Beckenham, Kent, England) is an internationally renowned stage lighting designer, author, theatre consultant, and theatrical producer, film producer and television producer. He was the first British lighting designer on the Broadway stage in the musical "Zorba".
In the 1950s, Pilbrow entered the Central School of Speech and Drama in London as a stage management student after serving two years in the Royal Air Force.
In 1957, Pilbrow co-founded the lighting rental company Theatre Projects with Bryan Kendall, which expanded to include a production company in 1963 to produce and mount the London production of "A Funny Thing Happened On the Way to the Forum" with set designer Tony Walton and American Producer Hal Prince. Now called Theatre Projects Consultants, which designs theaters and performing arts buildings, the company has gone on to design world renowned spaces such as the Steppenwolf Theatre in Chicago, the Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts in Philadelphia, and the Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles, onwhich he wrote a book. Pilbrow is now Chairman Emeritus of the firm.
Pilbrow worked on Broadway for the first time as the projection designer of Prince’s "A Funny Thing Happened On the Way to the Forum". A year later, his second projection assignment on Broadway with "Golden Boy" allowed him to work with lighting designer Tharon Musser. Also in 1964, Pilbrow and Robert Ornbo were the first English lighting designers to ever be invited to join the United Scenic Artists. Pilbrow went on to light eleven Broadway shows—earning Tony nominations for "Four Baboons Adoring the Sun" and "The Life".
In 1970, he published the book "" which is still a standard textbook in lighting programs in both America and Britain. A new edition of the book was published in September 2008.
Pillbrow was the lighting designer for the 2008 Jill Santoriello musical adaptation of "A Tale of Two Cities" at the Al Hirschfeld Theatre on Broadway. He won the 1995 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Lighting Design for" Show Boat" and was nominated for the same award for "A Tale of Two Cities" in 2009.
Pilbrow is a joint founder in the Association of British Theatre Technicians, Society of Theatre Consultants, The Society of British Theatre Designers, and the Association of Lighting Designers. Pilbrow served two terms on the United States Institute for Theatre Technology’s (USITT) Directors at Large and was also elected a Fellow of the Institute in 2001.
Theatre Projects Consultants: theatre design consulting projects of note.
Partial list of projects.

</doc>
<doc id="18635041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635041" title="Griston">
Griston

Griston is a village and civil parish in the Wayland area of the Breckland district within the English county of Norfolk.
It covers an area of and had a population of 1,206 in 206 households as of the 2001 census. For the purposes of local government, it falls within the district of Breckland.
It has a church in the name of St. Peter and St. Paul, a pub 'The Waggon And Horses', an elderly home 'Thorp House', a day care centre for the elderly, it hosts part of the RAF Watton wartime airfield (now belonging to the USAAF), and the category C Wayland (HM Prison). It lies between the town Watton, Norfolk, where the nearest high school is Wayland Academy and a fellow Wayland village of Caston, where the nearest primary school is Caston CE VA Primary School.
History of Griston.
The village can be traced way back to the "Domesday Book".
The local Griston Hall near Wayland Wood is in folklore the abode of the wicked uncle who ordered the death of his wards, the Babes in the Wood, so that he could inherit their property. The village sign reflects the story.
The village used to be made up of houses built for prison officers that worked at the prison.
Watton and Griston Link.
As part of the Sustrans Connect2 project proposals are in place to create a cycling and walking route between Griston and the market town of Watton. The new route would follow the boundary of the Watton airfield and provide a shorter, traffic free alternative to the A1075. Norfolk County Council have allocated a £40,000 contribution towards funding of the scheme. A schematic map of the scheme has been published online.

</doc>
<doc id="18635044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635044" title="Rumination (psychology)">
Rumination (psychology)

Rumination is defined as the compulsively focused attention on the symptoms of one's distress, and on its possible causes and consequences, as opposed to its solutions. Rumination is similar to worry except rumination focuses on bad feelings and experiences from the past, whereas worry is concerned with potential bad events in the future. Both rumination and worry are associated with anxiety and other negative emotional states.
Theories.
Response styles theory.
Response styles theory (RST) initially defined rumination as passively and repetitively focusing on one's symptoms of depression and the possible causes and consequences of these symptoms. As evidence for this definition, rumination has been implicated in the development, maintenance, and aggravation of both depressive symptoms as well as episodes of major depression. Recently, RST has expanded the definition of rumination beyond depression to include passive and repetitive focus on symptoms of distress in general. This change was made because rumination has been implicated in a host of disorders, not just depression.
RST also contends that positive distraction is the healthy alternative to rumination, where focus is directed to positive stimuli instead of to distress. However, the literature suggests that positive distraction may not be as potent a tool as once thought.
Self-regulatory executive function model.
The self-regulatory executive function (S-REF) model of affective dysfunction (the contents of which lie beyond the scope of this article) contends that rumination can be explained most precisely within a multilevel model of self-regulation. Specifically, the S-REF model defines rumination as "repetitive thoughts generated by attempts to cope with self-discrepancy that are directed primarily toward processing the content of self-referent information and not toward immediate goal-directed action." Put more simply, when a person ruminates, he or she aims to answer questions such as:
However, in answering these questions, ruminators tend to focus on their emotions (i.e., "self-referent information") as opposed to problem solving (i.e., "goal-directed action").
Metacognition is also an important part of the S-REF model and helps to explain the link between rumination and depression. Specifically, those who hold positive metacognitive beliefs about the benefits of rumination (e.g., "I need to ruminate about the bad things that have happened in the past to make sense of them") are probably motivated to engage perseveratively in rumination. Once engagement in rumination has occurred, individuals' negative metacognitive beliefs about rumination are likely to be activated, seeing it as unpleasant (e.g., "Ruminating makes me physically ill"), uncontrollable (e.g., "Ruminating means I'm out of control"), and socially damaging. These negative metacognitive beliefs then contribute to the development and maintenance of depression.
Goal progress theory.
Goal progress theory (GPT) seeks to explain rumination as a function of goal progress. Specifically, GPT views rumination as an example of the Zeigarnik Effect, which suggests that individuals are more likely to remember information from unfinished tasks than from finished tasks. From this understanding, GPT defines rumination as "the tendency to think recurrently about important, higher order goals that have not yet been attained" or towards which sufficient progress has not been made.
GPT predicts that individuals for whom goal-related information is highly accessible should be more likely to ruminate. Various studies have provided support for this prediction.
Pathology.
Extensive research on the effects of rumination, or the tendency to self-reflect, shows that the negative form of rumination interferes with people’s ability to focus on problem-solving and results in dwelling on negative thoughts about past failures. Evidence from studies suggests that the negative implications of rumination are due to cognitive biases, such as memory and attentional biases, which predispose ruminators to selectively devote attention to negative stimuli.
The tendency to negatively ruminate is a stable constant over time and serves as a significant risk factor for clinical depression. Not only are habitual ruminators more likely to become depressed, but experimental studies have demonstrated that people who are induced to ruminate experience greater depressed mood. There is also evidence that rumination is linked to general anxiety, post traumatic stress, binge drinking, eating disorders, and self-injurious behavior.
Rumination was originally believed to predict the duration of depressive symptoms. In other words, ruminating about problems was presumed to be a form of memory rehearsal which was believed to actually lengthen the experience of depression. The evidence now suggests that although rumination contributes to depression, it is not necessarily correlated with the duration of symptoms.
Types.
Three forms of rumination have been proposed
Measurement.
The tendency to ruminate can be assessed with the Ruminative Responses Scale of the Response Styles Questionnaire. On this measure, people are asked to indicate how often they engage in 22 ruminative thoughts or behaviors when they feel sad or blue.
Gender differences.
According to Susan Nolen-Hoeksema, women tend to ruminate when they are depressed, whereas men tend to distract themselves. This difference in response style was proposed to explain the higher rates of depression in women compared to men. Researchers have confirmed the greater likelihood of rumination in women, though the prediction that men are more likely to distract themselves has not been consistently supported.
Healthy self-disclosure.
Although rumination is generally unhealthy and associated with depression, thinking and talking about one's feelings can be beneficial under the right conditions. According to Pennebaker, healthy self-disclosure can reduce distress and rumination when it leads to greater insight and understanding about the source of one's problems. Thus, when people share their feelings with others in the context of supportive relationships, they are likely to experience growth. In contrast, when people repetitively ruminate and dwell on the same problem without making progress, they are likely to experience depression.
Co-rumination is a process defined as “excessively discussing personal problems within a dyadic relationship” (Rose, 2002), a construct that is relatively understudied in both its negative and positive trade-offs.

</doc>
<doc id="18635062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635062" title="Andrea Spagni">
Andrea Spagni

Andrea Spagni (8 August 1716 – 16 September 1788) was an Italian Jesuit theologian, educator and author.
Spagni was born at Florence. He entered the Society of Jesus on 22 October 1731, and was employed chiefly in teaching philosophy and theology, though for a time he professed mathematics at the Roman College, and assisted Father Asclepi in his astronomical observations. He died in Rome.
Works.
The most noted of his writings is the work "De Miraculis" (Rome, 1777), which he revised in two succeeding editions (Rome, 1779 and 1785). In this work, besides giving the positive doctrine on the nature and reality of miracles, he marshalled together the objections brought forward by the rationalists of his own and preceding times against the chief Biblical miracles. The work may be considered as a compendium of the literature of the subject, up to the last quarter of the eighteenth century. 
His other chief works are: 

</doc>
<doc id="18635081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635081" title="Cholera Basin">
Cholera Basin

The Cholera basin (, ) is the established name for the western harbour basin in front of the Market Square in Helsinki, Finland.
History.
The harbour basins were built in the early 19th century. At that time, the Market Square area consisted of the muddy Kaupunginlahti bay. Its shores had many shore huts and small piers. Where the edge of the Market Square is now was the Eteläinen Rantakatu street.
As the city developed, the harbour needed a continuous pier. The shore was low, and this allowed the shoreline to be moved outwards by filling the shore. The work took years. For small steam ships, rowing and sailing ships, three basins were built. At the northwestern corner was built the so-called Fish basin (Kala-allas). In the city documents, the name of the basin was Stadfiskarens båthamn, meaning city fishers' boat habour, Fiskarhamnen meaning fishers' harbour.
In 1893, a shipsman from Nagu who had come to the herring market died of cholera on his ship. Later it was found out that the excrement and vomit of the sick man had been dumped into the harbour basin. As a safety precaution, the herring ships were towed away from the harbour, and guards were briefly posted at the shore, because it was feared that the citizens might start to use the contaminated water. After the incident, the colloquial name of the basin was established as Kolerabassängen - the Cholera basin.
In the 19th century, the water in the Fisher's harbour and in the entire Eteläsatama harbour was still contaminated by sewers. Rats infested the harbour. On the northern shore of Katajanokka, there was a sewage pier, also bringing dirt and stench. The products of outdoor toilets were loaded onto barges there, where they were taken to the countryside to be used as manure.
There were rumours in the city that in the night, the barges silently dump their cargo straight into the water. This was even claimed to be a stinking revolt against Governor General Nikolai Bobrikov's politics.
Trivia.
Today, the Cholera basin is the traditional site of the Finnish unscientific society's Jaakko day stone throw. Since 1995, various objects have been thrown into the basin, including an iron, a deep frozen rock, a cosmic meteorite, a wooden cobble stone, a lava rock from Etna, half of a runestone, a rock from the Volga river and a blade sharpening stone.

</doc>
<doc id="18635088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635088" title="Akhzivland">
Akhzivland

Akhzivland is a micronation between Nahariya and the Lebanese border on the Israeli west coast. The state was founded by Eli Avivi in 1970. The micronation is promoted by the Israel Ministry of Tourism even though its legal status remains ambiguous.

</doc>
<doc id="18635099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635099" title="John Hunter Booth">
John Hunter Booth

John Hunter Booth (November 27, 1886 – November 23, 1971) was an American playwright. He wrote 7 films between 1922 and 1933.
He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, USA and died in Norwood, Massachusetts.
Works.
The Masquerader (play)

</doc>
<doc id="18635103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635103" title="The Film Department">
The Film Department

The Film Department (TFD) is an independent movie production, finance and international sales company based in West Hollywood, California. The company was founded by Warner Independent Pictures and Miramax president Mark Gill and former Yari Film Group COO and Miramax veteran Neil Sacker.
TFD received initial funding in the form of a $200 million capitalization from G.E. Capital, which was to allow them to produce 6 films per year budgeted between $10 and $45 million. TFD's intention was to make star-driven, commercial pictures at the high end of every genre aimed at a worldwide audiences. Allen & Company also played a major role in financing the project.
In July 2008, The Film Department and Downtown Music Publishing announced the formation of a new music film company and partnership, TFD Music. Through the partnership, Downtown Publishing will serve as the exclusive, worldwide administrator for the TDF Music copyrights and master recordings, and offer music supervision and soundtrack consulting services for motion pictures.
TFD's first release, “Law Abiding Citizen”, has generated $73 million of ticket sales. But The Film Department still hasn’t paid off all the release expenses. And its second film, starring Catherine Zeta-Jones, doesn’t have distribution yet.
Despite announcing plans for an initial public offering in February 2010, all TFD has to show for itself after two years of moviemaking is one hit and $34 million of losses.
The Film Department owes $62.3 million against $1.9 million of unspoken-for cash. Missed interest payments last summer put the firm in default, and attempts to raise new equity over the summer failed. Lenders are granting some leniency in hope of getting paid with I.P.O. proceeds.
According to Reuters, TFD will use about 40 percent of the $85 million it wants to raise to shrink debt. That will leave enough to finance just two more films before it embarks on another $160 million of borrowing."

</doc>
<doc id="18635104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635104" title="British West Florida">
British West Florida

West Florida was a colony of the Kingdom of Great Britain from 1763 until 1783 when it was ceded to Spain as part of the Peace of Paris (1783). 
Effective British control had ended in 1781 when Spain had captured Pensacola. The territory subsequently became a colony of Spain, though parts of the territory were gradually annexed by the United States. It comprised the former region of West Florida, now part of the modern US states of Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama.
Creation.
In 1762 during the Seven Years War a British expedition attacked and occupied Havana, the capital of Cuba. To secure the return of the valuable city – Spain agreed to cede its territory of La Florida in the terms of the Treaty of Paris (1763). France also ceded a large segment of New France to Britain including everything on the east bank of the Mississippi River. The British divided these new territories into two separate colonies East Florida, with its capital in St Augustine and West Florida which had the former Spanish settlement of Pensacola as its capital. By the same treaty Spain was given the Western side of the Mississippi which formed Spanish Louisiana with its capital at New Orleans at the mouth of the river. Many of the existing Spanish inhabitants were evacuated to Cuba, and new British and American settlers arrived to take over the land.
British era.
In 1763 British troops arrived and took over control of Pensacola. George Johnstone was appointed as the first British Governor, and in 1764 a colonial assembly was established. The structure of the colony was modelled after the existing British colonies in America as opposed to Quebec which followed a different structure. In contrast to East Florida where there was little development and population growth, West Florida began to boom in the years following the British takeover and thousands of new arrivals came to advantage of the favourable conditions there. 
West Florida was invited to send delegates to the First Continental Congress which was convened to present colonial grievances against the British Parliament to George III, but along with several other colonies including East Florida they declined the invitation. Once the American War of Independence had broken out, the colonists remained overwhelmingly loyal to the Crown. In 1778 the Willing Expedition saw a small force proceed down the Mississippi ransacking estates and plantations, until they were eventually defeated by a local force of militia. In the wake of this the area received a small number of British reinforcements.
Spanish conquest.
Following an agreement signed at Aranjuez, Spain entered the war on the side of France and the Americans in 1779. Spanish troops under Bernardo de Galvez advanced and seized Baton Rouge and Mobile. In 1781 Spain captured Pensacola and its garrison. As part of the 1783 Peace of Paris, West Florida was ceded to Spain along with East Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="18635112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635112" title="I Can Sing a Rainbow">
I Can Sing a Rainbow

"I Can Sing a Rainbow" (also known as "Sing a Rainbow") is a popular song written by Arthur Hamilton. It was featured in the 1955 film "Pete Kelly's Blues", where it was sung by Peggy Lee.
Andy Williams released a version on his 1964 album, "The Wonderful World of Andy Williams".
The British pop singer Cilla Black recorded the song for her 1966 studio album Cilla Sings A Rainbow — the album title and cover sleeve was inspired by the song. Black's second album was a commercial success, charting at #4 on the UK Album Chart. Due to popular demand Black regularly performed the song in her live concert tours of the sixties and seventies.
A recording by the Dells of the song in a medley with "Love is Blue" reached number 22 in the US pop charts in 1969. 
In 2004 Delta Goodrem sang the song in a TV advertisement for Tourism Australia that aired in many countries. It was also the closing theme song for the Philadelphia children's TV show, "Captain Noah and His Magical Ark". The song has been used to teach children names of colours. However, despite the name of the song, not all the colours mentioned are actually colours of the rainbow, and they are not presented in order of the visible light spectrum.

</doc>
<doc id="18635113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635113" title="Australobarbarus">
Australobarbarus

Australobarbarus is a genus of dicynodont from Late Permian (Wuchiapingian) of Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="18635119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635119" title="Boundary Falls (Hamilton, Ontario)">
Boundary Falls (Hamilton, Ontario)

Boundary Falls is a 6 metre high ribbon waterfall found near the Bruce Trail on the border of cities Burlington and Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. This is a seasonal waterfall and best viewed in the springtime and after heavy rains.
Nearby attractions include the town of Waterdown, Rock Chapel Golf Course and Royal Botanical Gardens, Bruce Trail, Grindstone Cascade, Snake and Lower Snake Falls. There is also parking onsite for 20 vehicles.
Directions.
Park on "Mill Street" in Waterdown on the south side at the pullover beside the railway tracks (opposite the water treatment plant), walk over the railway tracks and climb down the hill. Be extremely careful both crossing the tracks and climbing down the hill.
External links.
Maps.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18635161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635161" title="The Bolt (Shostakovich)">
The Bolt (Shostakovich)

The Bolt (), Op. 27, is a ballet music score written by Dmitri Shostakovich between 1930 and 1931. The score is for a full-length ballet with three acts and seven scenes, with a libretto by Vladimir Smirnov. It premiered on 8 April 1931, at the Academic Theatre of Opera and Ballet in Leningrad, and choreographed by Fyodor Lopukhov.
Plot.
The ballet is an ironic tale of slovenly work in a Soviet factory. The lazy Lyonka hates work, and together with a local priest and anti-Soviet plotter, he plans to sabotage the machinery by putting a bolt in it. Their plan is foiled by a group of Young Communists.
Instrumentation.
Woodwinds: piccolo, 2 flutes (2nd doubling piccolo), 2 oboes, cor anglais, 2 Bb clarinets, Eb clarinet (doubling bass clarinet), 2 bassoons, double bassoon
Brass: 6 French horns, 3 trumpets, 3 trombones, 1 tuba
Percussion: timpani, triangle, tambourine, snare drums, cymbals, bass drum, gong, glockenspiel
Strings: violins, violas, cellos, double basses
Banda in Finale: Eb cornet, 2 Bb cornets, 2 trombones, 8 saxophones (2A,2T,2Bar,2B)
Reception.
The premiere was the only performance for 74 years, as the audience jeered it and the critics upbraided it for its un-Soviet intentions. Along with his other ballets The Limpid Stream and The Golden Age (ballet), the work was banned after Shostakovich's first denunciation by the authorities. He subsequently put parts of it in his other music.
To quote Gerard McBurney:
"The waspish and delightfully colourful score bowls along like a children’s cartoon-film, every number full of drama and parody and fine take-offs of serious and popular music of every kind. Among the highlights are the opening scene when the workers gather in the morning for their physical fitness class before hitting the conveyor belts, the appearance of pompous and opinionated officials and bureaucrats, a ridiculous church-going episode, and the exciting scene when the sabotage-conspiracy nearly succeeds and is only foiled at the last moment. There are also plenty of numbers which mimic the whirling and hammering sounds of modern factory machinery."
Suite.
Shostakovich composed a suite from the ballet, Op. 27a, with 8 movements:
External links.
Publications

</doc>
<doc id="18635164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635164" title="Tracing Lines / Silent Cry">
Tracing Lines / Silent Cry

Tracing Lines and Silent Cry are the double a-side singles from Feeder, and was released on August 24, 2008. It was meant to be released on the 25th, but it appeared on the UK iTunes Store a day early as all downloads in the UK charts as well as physical sales include those on a Sunday.
Both songs, 'Tracing Lines' and 'Silent Cry' are taken from their sixth album, Silent Cry. The single was originally meant to be just Tracing Lines, released on August 11, 2008. However Silent Cry was later added along with the announcement that it would be a download-only single. Feeder's fans slated this due to being no physical release or any new material worth collecting. There are still promo copies of "Tracing Lines" available on sites such as eBay, which are more collectible than most promos, as they were pressed when the single was "Tracing Lines" only.
The band themselves expressed very little attention into the singles promotion, in which at the Reading leg of the Reading and Leeds festival, the song was dropped from the set list in exchange for a cover of Nirvana's "Breed", with no mention by Grant Nicholas of the single during the set. Had the single been released on CD format as originally planned, the catalogue number would have been ECSCD205.
The single charted outside the top 200.
Alternative physical version.
Although the single was never released officially on a physical format, a consortium of Feeder's supporters submitted various designs for an alternative to the front cover artwork for the single. The designs were then voted on, with the best one then being submitted to an external company not involved with the band who manufacture digipacks. Each member of the consortium paid a small sum of money to one member of the consortium group, who then contacted and liased with the digipacks manufacturer. The resulting digipacks were therefore empty, with the owner downloading the single and b-sides before burning them onto a CDR to place in the digipack, in the same order as indicated on the reverse.

</doc>
<doc id="18635167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635167" title="Chippewa Correctional Facility">
Chippewa Correctional Facility

Chippewa Correctional Facility is a prison for men located in the Upper Peninsula (UP) of Michigan and part of the Michigan Department of Corrections (MDOC). The 3 letter designation for this facility is URF.
General.
The Chippewa Correctional Facility opened in 1989 and houses inmates with a security level of I, II, and IV. The facility contains 120 beds for security level I inmates, 720 beds for security level II inmates, 192 beds for security level IV inmates, 22 beds for the detention unit, and 96 beds for an administrative segregation unit.
Directions.
From I-75 exit onto M-80 (Kinross). The prison is located on the right side of the road.

</doc>
<doc id="18635174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635174" title="Ich (album)">
Ich (album)

Ich (German for I or Me) is the second album by Sido. After two weeks of release (on 4 December 2006), it reached gold status. The album climbed to number 4 in the albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18635178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635178" title="Red Rocking Chair">
Red Rocking Chair

Red Rocking Chair is an album by Doc and Merle Watson, released in 1981 on the Flying Fish label.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, music critic Steve Leggett wrote of the album "Watson brings his own considerable guitar and banjo skills to bear on this selection of folk and blues tunes. Doc's voice is as easy and as comfortable as an old fishing hat ... further proof of how Watson makes everything he touches fit into his personal and seamless tour of American folk music."
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="18635181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635181" title="Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 100 kg">
Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 100 kg

The Men's Freestyle 100 kg at the 1984 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Anaheim Convention Center, Anaheim, California.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18635197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635197" title="Huachuca Mountains">
Huachuca Mountains

The Huachuca Mountain range is part of the Sierra Vista Ranger District of the Coronado National Forest. The Huachuca Mountains are located in Cochise County, Arizona approximately south-southeast of Tucson and southwest of the city of Sierra Vista, Arizona. Included in this area is the highest peak in the Huachucas, Miller Peak, and the region of the Huachucas known as Canelo Hills in eastern Santa Cruz County. The mountains range in elevation from at the base to at the top of Miller Peak. The second highest peak in this range is Carr Peak, elevation . The Huachuca Mountain area is owned principally by the USDA Forest Service (Coronado National Forest) (41%), the U.S. Army (Fort Huachuca) (20%), and private land (32%). Sierra Vista is the main population center (41,908 inhabitants as of 2005 Census).
The Huachuca Mountains were named by the Spanish for a Pima village that once existed to the north of the range near the present location of Elgin, Arizona.
The Coronado National Memorial is in the southeastern margin of the range near the international border. The range extends a short distance south of the border in Sonora, Mexico.
Vegetation.
Vegetation in the Huachucas varies from Chihuahua Whitethorn scrub and semi-desert mixed grass/mixed scrub, at the lower elevations, to Encinal mixed oak, and transitions to Ponderosa Pine and Apache Pine at the highest elevations.
Hiking the Mountains.
The Huachucas present many hiking possibilities and scenic drives. Some entail narrow dirt roads with switchbacks and pull-outs. High summits, sheer cliffs, and deep canyons distinguish this rugged area of . Trails climb from all sides of the range to the Miller Peak Wilderness. Along the trails there are opportunities to see a number of rare butterflies of Arizona (see List of butterflies and moths of Arizona), as well as plants that are more commonly found in the Sierra Madre Occidental. Trails begin on the east side of Ash Canyon, Miller Canyon, Carr Canyon, and Ramsey Canyon Roads, from the south at Montezuma Pass in the Coronado National Memorial, and from the west via Oversite trail, Ida, Bear, and Sunnyside Canyons. The Crest Trail between Montezuma Pass and Fort Huachuca ties all of the trails together. There are some 50 trails altogether. These mountain trails are also a main migration route for illegal immigrants from Mexico The mountains include the type locality for a number of plant species collected by the Lemmons and named by Asa Gray.
Birdwatching.
This area is appreciated for its birdwatching opportunities including some Arizona specialties such as hummingbirds, trogons, and tyrant flycatchers, including some rare birds such as the Blue-throated, White-eared, and Berylline Hummingbirds; also Buff-breasted Flycatchers; and Black-throated Gray, Red-faced, and Grace's Warblers; also Red Crossbills and numerous other bird species.

</doc>
<doc id="18635205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635205" title="Tamara Almeida">
Tamara Almeida

Tamara Almeida Silva (born c. 1986) is a Brazilian beauty pageant contestant who won Miss Brazil World 2008 and represented her country in Miss World 2008. She speaks English, Spanish and Chinese basic.
Almeida won Miss Ouro Preto Mundo 2006 and placed as the 2nd runner-up in Miss Brazil World 2006. She competed in Miss Maja Mundial and placed as the 1st runner-up. In 2007, she competed in Miss Brazil World as Miss Espirito Santo. She placed as 3rd runner-up. In the same year, she was chosen to represent the island of Fernando de Noronha in Miss Tourism Queen International 2007 and she placed as 2nd runner-up. In 2008, she represented the state of Minas Gerais and won. She went on to represent Brazil in Miss World 2008, where she placed in the top fifteen.

</doc>
<doc id="18635208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635208" title="List of districts in Havering">
List of districts in Havering

This is a list of the districts of the London Borough of Havering in London, England. 
Neighbourhoods.
All these areas became part of the borough when it was created on 1 April 1965. It is indicated where a district formed an earlier independent unit of local administration. As the planning authorities, Havering London Borough Council classify seven locations as town centres. The Greater London Authority identifies Romford to be a metropolitan centre and the remaining town centres as district centres.
Wards and area committees.
Within London, population figures are not collected for localities, instead they are enumerated for political wards.

</doc>
<doc id="18635216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635216" title="Round Trip (Sadao Watanabe album)">
Round Trip (Sadao Watanabe album)

Round Trip is a 1974 jazz album by the Japanese saxophonist Sadao Watanabe with Chick Corea, Miroslav Vitous and Jack DeJohnette.

</doc>
<doc id="18635218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635218" title="List of districts in Barking and Dagenham">
List of districts in Barking and Dagenham

This is a list of places in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham.
Electoral wards.
The borough is divided into the Abbey, Albion, Becontree, Chadwell Heath, Eastbrook, Eastbury, Gascoigne, Goresbrook, Heath, Longbridge, Mayesbrook, Parsloes, River, Thames, Valence, Village and Whalebone wards.

</doc>
<doc id="18635223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635223" title="Vitaly Fridzon">
Vitaly Fridzon

Vitaly Fridzon (alternate spellings: Vitali Fridzon and Vitalii Fridzon) (; (born October 14, 1985 in Klintsy, Russian SFSR) is a Russian professional basketball player, playing for CSKA Moscow of the Russian Professional Basketball League (PBL). He is 1.96 m (6 ft 5 in) tall and he weighs 81 kg (178 lbs). He mainly plays at the shooting guard position, but he can also play at the point guard position.
Russian national team.
Fridzon is also a member of the senior Russian national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="18635246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635246" title="Francisco Petrone">
Francisco Petrone

Francisco Petrone (August 14, 1902 – March 11, 1967) was an Argentine film actor.
He is best known for his roles in the 1940s in the classic film "La Guerra Gaucha" (1942) and "Todo un hombre" for which he won the Silver Condor award for Best Actor.

</doc>
<doc id="18635257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635257" title="List of districts in Lambeth">
List of districts in Lambeth

This is a list of districts in the London Borough of Lambeth:

</doc>
<doc id="18635261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635261" title="Limaçon trisectrix">
Limaçon trisectrix

In geometry, a limaçon trisectrix (called simply a trisectrix by some authors) is a member of the Limaçon family of curves which has the trisectrix, or angle trisection, property. It can be defined as locus of the points of intersection of two lines, each rotating at a uniform rate about separate points, so that the ratio of the rates of rotation is 2:3 and the lines initially coincide with the line between the two points. Thus, it is an example of a sectrix of Maclaurin.
Equations.
If the first line is rotating about the origin, forming angle θ with the "x"-axis, and the second line is rotating about the point ("a", 0) with angle 3θ/2, then the angle between them is θ/2 and the law of sines can be used to determine the distance from the point of intersection to the origin as
This is the equation with polar coordinates, showing that the curve is a Limaçon. The curve crosses itself at the origin, the rightmost point of the outer loop is at (3"a", 0) and the tip of the inner loop is at ("a", 0).
If the curve is shifted so that the origin is at the tip of the inner loop then the equation becomes
so it is also in the rose family of curves.
The trisection property.
There are several ways to use the curve to trisect an angle. Let φ be the angle to be trisected. First, draw a ray from the tip of the small loop at ("a", 0) with angle φ with the "x"-axis. Let "P" be the point where the ray intersects the curve, assumed to be on the outer loop if φ is small. Draw another ray from the origin to "P". Then the angle between the two rays at "P" trisects φ. This follows easily from the construction of the curve given above. 
For the second method, draw a circle of radius "a" and center at the origin. Draw a ray from the origin with angle φ with the "x"-axis. Let "S" be the point where this ray intersects the circle and draw the line from "S" to ("a", 0). Let "J" be the point where this line intersects the curve, assumed to be on the inner loop if φ is small. The line from the origin to "J" has angle φ/3 with the "x"-axis. 
By rotating the curve, the second form of the equation becomes
So if a right triangle is constructed with side "r" and hypotenuse "a" then the angle between them will be θ/3. It is straightforward to generate a third method from this.

</doc>
<doc id="18635265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635265" title="Ioan Lemeni">
Ioan Lemeni

Ioan Lemeni (1780–1861) was Bishop of Făgăraş and Primate of the Romanian Greek Catholic Church from 1833 to his resignation in 1850.
Life.
Ioan Lemeni was born on April 22, 1780 in Dezmér, Transylvania, Royal Hungary. He was ordained a priest on Oct 1, 1805. After two years of didactic career at Blaj, as Professor of Philosophy and Church History, in 1807 he was appointed parish and protopop of Cluj. He was archpriest of Cluj and, after 1829, secretary of the bishop of Făgăraş-Alba Iulia Ioan Bob to who he succeeded on 23 Aug 1832.
His appointment to the Diocese of Făgăraş, i.e. Primate of the Church, was confirmed by Pope Gregory XVI on 16 Apr 1833, so becoming the Primate of the Romanian Greek Catholic Church. Because he was not yet a bishop, he was consecrated a Bishop on Jun 6, 1833 by Samuil Vulcan, bishop of the Diocese of Oradea Mare.
The press of that period attests that he was able to preach even four times a day. Usually, his sermons were elaborated in Hungarian, Ioan Lemeni being seriously criticized by a part of Romanian historians who ignored the specific historical context from that time. In 1845 after a long and bitter dispute, Ioan Lemeni dismissed Simion Bărnuțiu from Blaj.
Together with the Orthodox Bishop Andrei Şaguna he had a role in the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 supporting the union of Transylvania with Hungary and so opposing the Austrian government. For this reason, as required by the Austrian government, he had to resign in March 1850.
After his resignation, he went to Vienna where he died on March 29, 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="18635273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635273" title="Religious emblems programs (Girl Scouts of the USA)">
Religious emblems programs (Girl Scouts of the USA)

A variety of religious emblems programs are used by the Girl Scouts of the USA (GSUSA) to encourage youth to learn about their faith and to recognize adults who provide significant service to youth in a religious environment. These religious programs are created, administered and awarded by the various religious groups and not GSUSA, though the GSUSA recognizes such programs and allows the emblem to be worn on the uniform. Many are listed by Programs of Religious Activities with Youth (P.R.A.Y.), an independent organization, as awards recognized by the Girl Scouts in an official brochure provided to Girl Scout council offices, as well as posted on the P.R.A.Y. website. The Girl Scouts also recognize that not all religions have programs that are affiliated through P.R.A.Y. and suggests contacting local religious leaders for information about those.
P.R.A.Y. listed programs and awards.
The following awards are recognized by GSUSA and may be worn on the uniform upon completion of the program. The emblems and awards given to girls at the completion of the program are worn either "in a single horizontal row on the right side of the uniform blouse, level with the Girl Scout Membership Pin the uniform sash, or on the vest in the area below the membership stars or troop/group numerals and above the next official insignia already on the vest."
^ This includes: Assemblies of God, Church of the Brethren, Christian and Missionary Alliance, Church of God, Cumberland Presbyterian Church, Mennonite, Church of the Nazarene, Pentecostal, Reformed, Seventh-day Adventist, United Church of Christ and Wesleyan churches.
Patch programs.
In addition to the official recognitions offered by each faith for girls, several faiths offer patch programs for girls who complete certain requirements and/or achieve certain goals. Because these patch programs are considered unofficial by GSUSA, they do not require formal approval from the scouting organization, nor are they worn on the front of the uniform. Like other unofficial patches, event patches, and holiday patches, they are worn on the back of the uniform sash or vest.
P.R.A.Y. also offers its own "To Serve God" segment patch program for Girl Scouts of all ages and adult advisers of all faiths, designed to promote their religious awards programs. The name is inspired by the words "to serve God" in the Girl Scout promise. To earn the patch, girls and adults must attend or make an interfaith presentation about religious awards, then fulfill a personal commitment of their choice "to serve God", such as promoting, earning, or helping another girl earn the religious award for her faith. There are four segments for the patch. One is offered yearly, called the "anchor patch", while the other three are offered yearly on a rotational basis. After one patch is released, the previous year's patch is discontinued for the next three years, then is reinstated again for a one year period. The program began in 2006, and as of August 2008, only two of these three patches have been released.

</doc>
<doc id="18635274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635274" title="Unification Day (Firefly)">
Unification Day (Firefly)

Unification Day is a holiday celebrated in the fictional universe of the science-fiction television series "Firefly". It marks the day in which the Alliance forces defeated the resistance ("Browncoats") in the Unification War.
"The Train Job", the second episode of the series (although Fox originally aired it before the pilot episode "Serenity"), opens with Mal, Zoe, and Jayne in a bar during a Unification Day celebration. Malcolm's brown coat and his disinterest in celebrating Unification Day lead to a brawl.
Unification Day is a holiday mentioned in the backstory of the television series Firefly. According to Nathan Fillion (Mal), the holiday is on September 20th.

</doc>
<doc id="18635288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635288" title="James Ludington">
James Ludington

James Ludington (April 18, 1827 – April 1, 1891) was an American entrepreneur.
Biography.
When Ludington was sixteen in 1843, the family moved from New York to Milwaukee, Wisconsin. With his father, Lewis Ludington, they founded Columbus, Wisconsin in 1845.
On October 11, 1854 Ludington loaned funds to George W. Ford for a sawmill operation in what was then known as the village of Pere Marquette in the northwestern part of the Lower Peninsula of Michigan. Ford defaulted on the loan and became insolvent in 1859. Ludington then took over the operations of this sawmill.
The post office for the village was established in 1864 in Ludington's original store at this sawmill. A boarding house called the Filer House was constructed in 1866 to house the employees of Ludington's sawmill.
Ludington platted the village of Pere Marquette in 1867. In the same year Ludington built a large commercial building that sold a variety of goods called The Big Store. Ludington founded the first newspaper of the village called the "Mason County Record" in 1867.
The sawmill that Ludington acquired had developed into an independent entity called the Pere Marquette Lumber Company that was the operator and management of the sawmill and The Big Store. Ludington sold his interests to them in 1869 for half a million dollars - making him a very wealthy person. Ludington used a portion of this money to develop the village. On March 22, 1873, the city of "Ludington" was chartered. The streets of Ludington Ave and James Street are named after him. The village city streets of Lewis, William, Robert, Charles, Harrison, Emily, Lavina, and Delia are named after his family members.
Ludington lived in the state of New York as a boy and in the state of Wisconsin as an adult. He never lived in Ludington, Michigan - the town that bears his name.
Positions.
At one time or another Ludington held the following positions.
Family reunion of the Ludingtons.
According to the "Ludington Daily News" the descendents of Ludington have a family reunion about once every three years in the town of Ludington consisting of some 50 to 75 people. According to this newspaper article James Ludington is a descendent of William Luddington (with two "ds"), who arrived in Massachusetts in 1637 from England. Ron Ludington is the grandson of William and the family genealogist who wrote the newspaper article. He says in the article that the branch of Luddingtons still in England spells the name with two "ds." The name was apparently changed to one "d" when Col. Henry Ludington of the American Revolution married his first cousin and had it changed to avoid confusion in the family. A past prominent family member is Sybil Ludington, an American Revolutionary War herione that rode her horse at night to alert the American forces of an eminent attack by the British, much like that done by Paul Revere. Ron points out that the family members come from all parts of the United States and Canada, as well as from England. Their relationship to each other has been confirmed by DNA testing.
There is a complete genealogy family history at Google Books of the Ludingtons in a memoir of Colonel Henry Ludington, printed by his grandchildren L.E. Ludington and C.H. Ludington in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="18635292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635292" title="List of Georgia Southern University alumni">
List of Georgia Southern University alumni

This list of Georgia Southern University alumni includes graduates, non-graduate former students and current students of First District Agricultural and Mechanical School, Georgia Normal School, South Georgia Teacher's College, Georgia Southern College, and/or Georgia Southern University.
Georgia Southern University is a four-year, state-supported, university located in Statesboro, Georgia. 

</doc>
<doc id="18635293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635293" title="Jasper Morris">
Jasper Morris

Jasper Morris is a British Master of Wine since 1985, An expert on the wine of Burgundy, with a strong interest in other pinot producing countries such as New Zealand, Jasper writes for several wine publications such as "The World of Fine Wine", and holds lectures around the world.
Morris founded the successful specialist wine importers Morris & Verdin in 1981. He studied to become a Master of Wine concurrently with Jancis Robinson, MW, and with his sister Arabella Woodrow, MW, Morris achieving the accreditation in 1985, Robinson in 1984 and Woodrow in 1986. Morris and Woodrow are the only pair of siblings to be Masters of Wine.
After Berry Bros. & Rudd acquired Morris & Verdin in 2003, Morris was appointed BBR Buying Director.
In May 2008 Morris, with colleagues at BBR, published a "The Future of Wine Report", speculating on the state of the wine industry in the coming 50 years.
Morris' early book publications are "White Wines of Burgundy", and "The Wines of the Loire". In September 2010, Morris presented his substantial book "Inside Burgundy", which won the André Simon prize, the initial launch publication of the new BBR publishing division, Berry Bros. & Rudd Press.

</doc>
<doc id="18635297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635297" title="List of districts in Sutton">
List of districts in Sutton

This is a list of districts in the London Borough of Sutton:

</doc>
<doc id="18635306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635306" title="2008 Chino Hills earthquake">
2008 Chino Hills earthquake

The 2008 Chino Hills earthquake occurred at 11:42:15 a.m. PDT (18:42:15 UTC) on July 29, 2008, in Southern California. The epicenter of the magnitude 5.5 earthquake was in Chino Hills, approximately east-southeast of downtown Los Angeles.
Though no lives were lost during the earthquake, it caused considerable damage in numerous structures throughout the area and caused some amusement park facilities to shut down their rides. The earthquake led to increased discussion regarding the possibility of a stronger earthquake in the future.
Tectonics.
The Chino Hills earthquake was caused by oblique slip faulting, with components of both thrust and sinistral strike-slip displacement. Preliminary reports cited the Whittier fault as the active cause, but the quake was later determined to have been generated by the "Yorba Linda trend," as identified by Caltech seismologist Egill Hauksson. Its epicenter was within of Chino Hills and its hypocenter was approximately deep. Initial estimations of the moderate main shock reported it as magnitude 5.8, but this was later revised to magnitude 5.4 and in later months to a 5.5. The main shock was reportedly felt as far south as San Diego, and Tijuana, Mexico, and as far east as Las Vegas, Nevada. It was the strongest earthquake to occur in the greater Los Angeles area since the 1994 Northridge earthquake.
As reported by "The Orange County Register", three microquakes, all less than magnitude 3.0, occurred in Anaheim Hills, southwest of Chino Hills, two months before the Chino Hills earthquake. There was an unusually low amount of seismic activity in Southern California in the week prior to the quake. Between July 20 and July 26, 2008, there were no earthquakes in Southern California exceeding magnitude 3.0, thus there was speculation that the wane in seismic activity was a precursor to a possible larger event.
Impact.
The Chino Hills earthquake caused no deaths or significant damage due to the physical location of its epicenter. Most of the infrastructure in the Chino Hills area is relatively new and well suited to withstand a large quake. Unlike previous earthquakes in the region—such as the 1994 Northridge earthquake and the 1987 Whittier Narrows earthquake, which caused serious structural damage and fatalities—this quake caused only minor damage. However, the high volume of telephone use following the shock overloaded provider capacity and disrupted service into the afternoon.
Amusement rides at Disneyland, Six Flags Magic Mountain, Universal Studios Hollywood and Knott's Berry Farm were evacuated and temporarily shut down. California State University, Fullerton suffered some damage in its older, inadequately engineered buildings. In Orange, the Chapman University School of Law was evacuated after a water pipe was ruptured. Pipes on a Macy's department store in Westfield Topanga ruptured during the tremor flooding the store which closed for a couple of days in order to be repaired. A light fixture damaged by the shock started a small fire in the Westfield MainPlace Mall in Santa Ana; since the fire was in an empty movie theater, nobody was harmed.
A gap was reported on California State Route 91 near Anaheim Hills, approximately southwest of the epicenter, but the California Department of Transportation concluded that the gap did not pose a danger. A minor landslide near the freeway caused some traffic congestion, but no injuries or structural damage were reported.
Caltrans replaced an expansion joint on an Interstate 5 truck overpass at the El Toro Y Interchange. The roof of Placentia's public library nearly collapsed; afterwards, the building was closed for repairs.
Electrical outages were reported in Chino, Chino Hills, Diamond Bar and Pomona. Over 2,000 people lost power after a fire broke out at a La Habra power station, but electricity was restored that afternoon. Los Angeles International Airport reported a ground radar system outage along with a broken water heater, causing flooding in the checked luggage preparation area of Terminal 7. Minor injuries from falling ceiling tiles were reported at a medical clinic in Brea.
The quake also interrupted a videotaping of Judge Judy, causing commotion in the audience and almost making the security guards evacuate the courtroom.
Aftershocks.
Approximately 100 minor aftershocks and one presumed foreshock were reported within two days after the earthquake, 27 of which occurred within an hour after the earthquake. Four aftershocks of at least 3.0 in magnitude were reported—the first, nine minutes following the initial earthquake, was the largest at magnitude 3.8; and two others, occurring over two hours later, were recorded at magnitude 3.6. Twenty-eight aftershocks of at least 2.0 were reported. One presumed foreshock, magnitude 1.3, occurred sixteen hours prior to the earthquake in the same location as the main shock.
Response.
There was speculation that the Chino Hills earthquake may have been a foreshock to a larger earthquake. The Southern California Seismic Network's "Aftershock Probability Report", produced minutes after the event, stated that "Most likely, the recent mainshock will be the largest in the sequence. However, there is a small chance, approximately 5–10%, of an earthquake equal to or larger than this mainshock in the next 7 days."
Geologists at the United States Geological Survey and Uniform California Earthquake Rupture Forecast suggest that an earthquake with a magnitude of 6.7 or larger will almost definitely occur somewhere in the state within the next 30 years. California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said: "This earthquake reminds us to be prepared. [...] We were very fortunate that there were no serious injuries or property damage." Additionally, registration for the Great Southern California ShakeOut, a regional earthquake drill scheduled to occur on Nov. 13, 2008, increased significantly in the aftermath of the earthquake.

</doc>
<doc id="18635311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635311" title="List of districts in Hammersmith and Fulham">
List of districts in Hammersmith and Fulham

This is a list of districts in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham:

</doc>
<doc id="18635313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635313" title="William Seton">
William Seton

William Seton III (b. in New York, 28 January 1835; d. there, 15 March 1905) was an American author, a novelist and popular science writer. He was a Roman Catholic from one of America's most distinguished Roman Catholic families. His paternal grandmother was Elizabeth Ann Bayley Seton, the first American citizen to be canonized by the Roman Catholic Church.
Life.
He was educated at St. John's College, Fordham, at Mt. St. Mary's, Emmittsburg, Md., and at the University of Bonn. He traveled extensively abroad before entering a law office in New York. 
Soon after his admission to the bar he answered Lincoln's first call for troops in 1861. Disabled for a time by two wounds received in the Battle of Antietam, where he fought as captain of the Forty-first New York Volunteers, French's Division, Sumner's Corps, he returned to his father's home, Cragdon, Westchester County, New York, but went back to the front to be captain of the 16th Artillery in Grant's campaign against Richmond. 
His "alma mater", Mt. St. Mary's, conferred on him the degree of LL.D. in 1890.
Works.
After the war he devoted himself chiefly to literature, publishing two historical novels, "Romance of the Charter Oak" (1870) and "Pride of Lexington" (1871); "The Pioneer", a poem (1874); "Rachel's Fate" (1882); "The Shamrock Gone West", and "Moire" (1884). About 1886 he went to Europe for serious study in paleontology, psychology, etc., and thereafter usually spent the greater part of each year in France in such pursuits. His forte was presenting scientific matters in attractive English. He issued a brief work, "A Glimpse of Organic Life, Past and Present" (1897). He was a frequent contributor of scientific articles to the "Catholic World". "The Building of the Mountain", a novel, was in the press at the time of his death.
Family.
His father was William Seton II, captain in the U. S. Navy, son of Elizabeth Ann Seton; his mother was Emily Prime. "Burke's Peerage" (1900) recognized him as the head of the Seton family of Parbroath, senior cadets of the earls of Winton in Scotland. 
He outlived by ten years his wife Sarah Redwood Parrish, a Philadelphian Catholic convert from the Society of Friends. He is buried with the Setons at Mt. St. Mary's, Emmitsburg, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="18635330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635330" title="List of districts in Ealing">
List of districts in Ealing

This is a list of areas in the London Borough of Ealing

</doc>
<doc id="18635332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635332" title="Drizzle (database server)">
Drizzle (database server)

Drizzle is a free software/open source relational database management system (DBMS) that was forked from version 6.0 of the MySQL DBMS.
Like MySQL, Drizzle has a client/server architecture and uses SQL as its primary command language. Drizzle is distributed under version 2 and 3 of the GNU General Public License (GPL) with portions, including the protocol drivers and replication messaging under the BSD license.
Early work on the fork was done mid-2008 by Brian Aker. Ongoing development is handled by a team of contributors that includes staff members from Canonical Ltd., Google, Six Apart, Sun Microsystems, Rackspace, Data Differential, Blue Gecko, Intel, Percona, Hewlett-Packard, Red Hat, and others. Drizzle source code, along with instructions on compiling it, are available via the project's Launchpad website.
In October 2010, Drizzle had 13,478 total contributions, 96 total contributors, and 37 active contributors. It was also announced that Drizzle had entered Beta. The first GA version was released in March 2011. Drizzle has actively participated in the Google Summer of Code Project since 2010.
Uses.
Drizzle is targeted at the web-infrastructure and cloud computing markets. The developers of the product describe it as a "smaller, slimmer and (hopefully) faster version of MySQL".
Platforms and interfaces.
Drizzle is written in the C++ programming language, and stores its string data in the UTF-8 format. It is being developed for modern Unix-like operating systems, including Linux, FreeBSD, Mac OS X, and Solaris – in general, any OS that conforms to POSIX and has a working implementation of the GNU Autotools. Microsoft Windows is not supported at this time, mainly for lack of Autotools support, but there has been discussion of how to accomplish this in a sensible manner.
Features.
Drizzle is a re-designed version of the MySQL v6.0 codebase and is designed around a central concept of having a microkernel architecture. Features such as the query cache and authentication system are now plugins to the database, which follow the general theme of "pluggable storage engines" that were introduced in MySQL 5.1. It supports PAM, LDAP, and HTTP AUTH for authentication via plugins it ships. Via its plugin system it currently supports logging to files, syslog, and remote services such as RabbitMQ and Gearman. Drizzle is an ACID-compliant relational database that supports transactions via an MVCC design.
Microkernel.
Plugin points have been added to support replication, storage engines, query rewrite, table functions, user-defined functions, protocol adapters, and multiple query caches.
Indexes.
Like MySQL, Drizzle supports concurrent multiple engines. Via this, Drizzle includes built-in support for B+ tree and hash indexes. Drizzle's query planner is capable of using multiple indexes, from multiple engines to satisfy complex queries, using temporary in-memory bitmap index operations.
Triggers.
Database triggers in Drizzle are supported for DML, DDL, and a number of additional event-based operations in the server. The PrimeBase BLOB streaming system, which allows Drizzle to stream binary large objects (BLOBs) via HTTP, makes use of this system. All triggers for Drizzle currently must be written in C++.
Query rewrite.
Any query can be matched and rewritten dynamically that is sent to the server. This action is done before parsing occurs.
Data types.
A wide variety of native data types are supported, including:
Dynamic SQL.
Through support of the EXECUTE command Drizzle can operate dynamic multi-statement SQL. Via the keyword CONCURRENT it can operate these statements in parallel.
Replication.
Replication in Drizzle is done by generating "messages" using the Google Protocol Buffers library. These messages are then stored and executed on remote servers. The message format is a non-SQL neutral format which has allowed Drizzle to have replication appliers to RabbitMQ, Memcached, MySQL, Voldemort, and Apache Cassandra.
Support and licensing.
Drizzle is licensed under version two and three of the GPL, with some parts, such as libdrizzle client library, under the BSD license.

</doc>
<doc id="18635338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635338" title="Ángel Magaña">
Ángel Magaña

Ángel Magaña (August 24, 1915 – November 13, 1982) was an Argentine film actor who appeared in some of Argentina's notable films of the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s.
He was married to Nuri Montsé

</doc>
<doc id="18635339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635339" title="Salmisaari">
Salmisaari

Salmisaari () is a small area (a sector, "pienalue") belonging to the Ruoholahti quarter of the Länsisatama neighbourhood of Helsinki, Finland.
The Salmisaari island was previously located west of the Helsinginniemi peninsula. However, during the early times of Länsisatama, it was annexed to the mainland by filling the sea in between. The area of Salmisaari has been named after this island.
Since 1953, Salmisaari has included the Salmisaari power plant, owned by Helsingin Energia. It also has offices of Altia (Salmisaarenranta 7). The opposite half of the same building acts as the Helsinki Court House.
Renovation.
On the site of Salmisaari's former power plant's coal supply area, in the immediate vicinity of the Länsiväylä highway, there will be completed in autumn 2008 100'000 square metres of high-level office and business premises and an exercise building of 20'000 square metres, containing two ice hockey halls. The central location, diverse services and good traffic connections make Salmisaari a unique target. The new office building has been planned in respect of the old buildings, and Salmisaari is planned to have a stylish and comfortable city district with its own marina and beach boulevard. Contractors include the insurance company Varma, Ahlstrom, Sponda, YIT, Omenahotelli, Regus and Technopolis.

</doc>
<doc id="18635340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635340" title="Francis Wade">
Francis Wade

Francis C. Wade (November 11, 1907 – July 6, 1987) was an American Jesuit and professor of philosophy at Marquette University. 
Biography.
Wade was born on November 11, 1907 in Whitesboro, Texas, where he was baptized in St. Thomas Church. He was the son of George H. Wade and Virginia M. (Ligon) Wade. He was educated at Whitesboro Public School and at St. Mary’s College High School, St. Marys, Kansas. He entered the Society of Jesus in 1925. He was awarded his B.A. from Xavier University in 1930, his M.A. from Saint Louis University in 1932, and his S.T.L. from Saint Louis University in 1939.
Marquette University (1945-1985).
Wade held several positions at Marquette University. In September, 1945 he moved to Marquette University, where he was to teach for 40 years. For the first eleven years he taught philosophy and religion and then taught philosophy alone for 29 more years from 1957-1985. Wade is best known for his teaching of metaphysics, rational psychology, history of philosophy, and in later years, ethics. In 1970 Wade was awarded the Pere Marquette Award for Teaching Excellence. 
Along with Fr. Gerard Smith he helped to mold the Philosophy Department into its current state. Wade helped to develop courses in atheism, racial justice, Black thought, war and peace, death, and others. He willingly participated in the Great Books movement both in an outside the university. He was a leading force in and presided over the committee on faculty for many years, and he was an esteemed collaborator on many university boards and committees. He was always seen as a priest teaching truth, preaching by his words and actions the Gospel of Christ. He worked devotedly on the WISCOM, a province planning group on the better choice of apostolic ministries.
Books.
Wade had five books published, at least 22 articles, a number of book reviews, and often delivered sermons. He wrote a history of the Marquette Philosophy Department. Wade was also known to write poetry. 
Archival collections.
Francis Clarence Wade, S.J., Papers, Marquette University.

</doc>
<doc id="18635379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635379" title="List of districts in Camden">
List of districts in Camden

This is a list of districts in the London Borough of Camden:
The electoral wards in Camden are Belsize, Bloomsbury, Camden Town with Primrose Hill, Cantelowes, Fortune Green, Frognal and Fitzjohns, Gospel Oak, Hampstead Town, Haverstock, Highgate, Holborn and Covent Garden, Kentish Town, Kilburn, King's Cross, Regent's Park, St Pancras and Somers Town, Swiss Cottage, and West Hampstead.

</doc>
<doc id="18635386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635386" title="Battle of Annaberg">
Battle of Annaberg

The Battle of (the) Annaberg () was the biggest battle of the Silesian Uprisings. The battle, which took place between May 21–26, 1921, was fought at the Annaberg (Polish: "Góra Św. Anny"), a strategic hill near the village of Annaberg O.S. ("Góra Świętej Anny"), located southeast of Oppeln (Opole) in Upper Silesia, Weimar Germany. After the hill had been captured by irregular Polish-Silesian units in the Third Silesian Uprising, German Freikorps pushed the Polish forces back. The final border was determined by political and diplomatic efforts.
Prelude.
By the Treaty of Versailles, the German Reichswehr was limited to a strength of 100,000. Several independent paramilitary Freikorps units were formed from the remnants of the German Imperial Army. The German Freikorps units often did not obey orders from the official government. The German government did however, assist with transportation and supplies. Freikorps units fought against the communist groups in Germany, and also against Polish insurgents in the East. While Germany had recognized the independent Polish state in the aftermath of Versailles, there were some disputed areas, some of which saw violent conflict.
On April 30, 1921, Polish-Silesian officials led by Wojciech Korfanty, upon finding that Germany would be granted most of the plebiscite area in disputed Upper Silesia, decided to start the Third Uprising, even though the government in Warsaw wanted to avoid hostilities at all cost. On May 2, acts of sabotage by the Polish Wawelberg Group units under Konrad Wawelberg severed all connections between Upper Silesia and Germany.
On May 3, at 3 a.m., the Polish forces started an offensive and in the following days they pushed the small German forces westwards, reaching the line of the Oder river and capturing the 400-meter high strategic hill of Annaberg on May 4.
It took around two weeks for the Germans to prepare the counter offensive, bringing in volunteers from other German areas. The leaders settled for Generalleutnant Karl Höfer as commander, while Generalleutnant Bernhard von Hülsen would lead the southern force at the Oder, and Oberstleutnant Grüntzen the northern one in the forests.
The German units were strengthened by the arrival of the Freikorps Oberland unit from Bavaria. Its soldiers, numbering 1,650, were experienced veterans of World War I, under Major Albert Ritter von Beckh. Among members of the FK Oberland were notable figures of the future Nazi Germany, including Sepp Dietrich (who distinguished himself during the battle), Rudolf Höss, Edmund Heines, Beppo Römer, and Peter von Heydebreck, leader of the Werewolves and later pronounced the "hero of Annaberg". The German force also consisted of Silesian paramilitary battalions ("Selbstschutzes Oberschlesien"), consisting of recently demobilized veterans and men too young to have fought in World War I. Although the Polish forces outnumbered the German troops in the region, the Germans had more experience than the Poles, of whom many were civilians.
Battle.
The Annaberg hill with the monastery located on top, was strategically significant as from its peak the whole valley of the Oder/Odra could be dominated. The German-UpperSilesian commanders, Generals Höfer and Hülsen, decided to use three battalions of the Bavarian Oberland, which were transported to Krappitz (Krapkowice), on 19/20 May 1921.
The German counterattack, which began at 2:30 a.m. on May 21, was led by the Oberland Freikorps and Silesian Selbstschutz. Hülsen concentrated his six and a half undersized battalions, numbering roughly 900 men, into two columns to form left and right wings. The Germans launched their offensive, which started from a hill north of the Annaberg, against a regiment of Polish Silesian insurgents from Pless (Pszczyna), under Franciszek Rataj. The Germans lacked artillery, however, and fighting was fierce. Hülsen wrote, "We learned then how painful it could be to mount an assault on a fortified position without a single piece of artillery". Bavarian Oberlanders were able to defeat a Polish counterattack with grenades and bayonets and capture two cannons, which they used in an attack on the town Oleschka (Oleszka) west of the mountain.
After seven hours of heavy combat, the Germans managed to force the Pless regiment to withdraw and then concentrated their attack on the neighboring regiment of Polish volunteers from Kattowitz (Katowice), under Walenty Fojkis, as well as Polish-Silesian battalions from Groß Strehlitz (Strzelce Opolskie) and Tost (Toszek), known as "Group Bogdan". Among Polish forces defending the mountain, there were also miners from the Ferdinand coal mine in Kattowitz as well as workers from the Kattowitz suburb of Bogutschütz (Bogucice). Altogether, Polish forces fighting in the area of the Annaberg formed "Group East".
At 11:00 a.m. the Germans began a coordinated advance on the mountain: the Finsterlin Battalion from the northwest, the Assault Detachment Heintz from the southwest, the Oestricher Battalion from the east, and the Sebringhaus Battalion and the Eicke Company from the southeast. Under German pressure, the Poles, after heavy hand to hand combat, withdrew east. The subsequent Polish counterattack was repelled and the success of the Freikorps was widely reported in Germany, as it was regarded as the first German victory since November 1918.
At the end of the day Polish defenders established defensive positions in Wielmierzowice, Krasowa, Zales Śląski and Popice. According to Hoefer's reports, in the subsequent fighting some of the German battalions were reduced to between 10 and 15% of their initial strength. By the afternoon of the 21st, Polish insurgents had pushed German forces back from Kalinow, Poznowic, Sprzecis and the railway station in Kamień.
On the 22nd, Polish insurgents attacked and took back Raszowa and Daniec and in the Januszkowic region fought back a German attempt at crossing of the Oder.
On May 23, the Poles, after regrouping and strengthening their forces with a battalion from Hindenburg O.S. (Zabrze) under Paweł Cyms, initiated another strong attack, but it was repulsed by the German artillery, with great losses on both sides. Heavy fighting took place in neighboring villages, such as Leschnitz (Leśnica), Lichynia, Krasowa, Dolna, Olszowa and Klucz.
Aftermath.
The government of each side could barely influence events as neither side had solid command structures and forces acted independently. On May 25, the Selbstschutz, under pressure from Berlin which threatened the Freikorps with serious penalties, decided to initiate peace talks. On the next day, the general command of Polish forces ordered their units to cease fighting. Some additional skirmishes took place around June 4 to June 6.
In early July, Allied troops entered the area and separated the fighting sides; both Poles and Germans disengaged and retreated. For internal and external political reasons, the contributions of the German fighters was not officially recognized by the government, which supported bitter feelings against the Weimar Republic. The reputation of the "Annaberg heroes" helped them in later years, however.
The disputed territory of Upper Silesia was subsequently divided between the two countries along voting lines (in the Upper Silesia plebiscite), with Poland receiving the eastern third of the area with the coal mines, even though the majority of areas which voted for Poland had been assigned to Germany. The new border followed roughly the line separating the sides at the close of hostilities (see Upper Silesia plebiscite). The Annaberg itself remained part of Germany until 1945, when it was transferred to Poland according to the Potsdam Agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="18635393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635393" title="Down South (Doc Watson album)">
Down South (Doc Watson album)

Down South is the title of a recording by American folk music artists Doc Watson and Merle Watson, released in 1984.
It has been reissued on CD by Rykodisc and Sugar Hill.
Track listing.
All songs Traditional unless otherwise noted.
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="18635408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635408" title="List of districts in Hillingdon">
List of districts in Hillingdon

This is a list of districts in the London Borough of Hillingdon organised as a table by settlement sufficiently notable to meet and of all separately named neighbourhoods:

</doc>
<doc id="18635410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635410" title="Die Hochzeit des Camacho">
Die Hochzeit des Camacho

Die Hochzeit des Camacho ("Camacho's Wedding") is a Singspiel in two acts by Felix Mendelssohn, to a libretto probably written largely by Friedrich Voigt, based on an episode in Cervantes's "Don Quixote". The opera is listed as Mendelssohn's op. 10. It was written between 1824 and 1825, and first performed publicly at the Berlin Schauspielhaus on 29 April 1827.
Background.
Mendelssohn was only 15 when he began to write "Camacho", but he had already written other Singspiels for performance within the family circle. The first act was completed in 1824, and he began work on the overture in February 1825. He revised "Camacho" carefully to make it worthy of public performance. According to Felix's friend Eduard Devrient, who was to sing the role of Camacho, 'motherly fondness yearned to witness the son's great success'. The music to "Camacho" indicates that he had carefully studied the operas of Carl Maria von Weber and of Mozart. Despite Mendelssohn's youth, there are some striking features, including what is in effect a leitmotif played on the brass to characterise Don Quixote, which is also heard in the opening bars of the overture and in the opera's final cadence.
Before the work was accepted for the Berlin stage, it was reviewed by Spontini, who was conductor at the Hofoper. According to Devrient:
The score was criticised with pitying deprecation, winding up with the following admonition - as Spontini led the young man to the window which was opposite to the dome of the Jewish church - 'Mon ami, il vous faut des idées grandes, grandes comme cette coupole'. [My friend, you should have big ideas, as big as that dome
The rehearsals were hampered by the illness of Blume (he contracted jaundice) who was singing Quixote. In the event, Mendelssohn grew impatient during the premiere, and left before the second act. Devrient comments 'the house was crowded with well-wishers, and the applause was profuse and enthusiastic; the music however did not give genuine pleasure'. Some acerbic criticism appeared in the press, some of it apparently taunting Mendelssohn's Jewish origins. The poet Ludwig Rellstab also criticised the cumbersome libretto. The experience soured Mendelssohn towards both opera and journalism. He canceled all further performances of "Camacho"; it remained therefore the only one of his operas to have a public performance in his lifetime. However, a piano score of the opera was published in 1828, probably subsidized by Felix's father Abraham Mendelssohn.
The first modern performance of Mendelssohn's final version of the opera was on 24 February 1987 at the Oxford Playhouse. In 1992 Jos Van Immerseel made a CD-recording of the work (Channel Classics)
Synopsis.
Carrasco intends Quitieria, against her will, to marry Camacho. Don Quixote and Sancho Panza are invited to the wedding celebrations. Basilio, Quitieria's true love, enlists Lucinda and Vivaldo to assist him by various stratagems. Many of these are foiled inadvertently by the eccentric behaviour of Quixote. Eventually Basilio pretends to stab himself and begs to marry Quitieria so that he can die happy. On Basilio's instant recovery after the ceremony, Camacho admits defeat.
External links.
Full Score at the IMSLP

</doc>
<doc id="18635419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635419" title="Ulyses Petit de Murat">
Ulyses Petit de Murat

Ulyses Petit de Murat (28 January 1907 – 19 August 1983) was an Argentine poet and screenwriter. 
He wrote the script for "La Guerra Gaucha" (1942) with Homero Manzi based on the 1905 novel by Leopoldo Lugones.
He was a member of the jury at the 1960 Cannes Film Festival and the 13th Moscow International Film Festival in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18635427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635427" title="International Symposium on Circuits and Systems">
International Symposium on Circuits and Systems

Initiated in 1968, by a small group of distinguished circuit theorists, "IEEE ISCAS" has grown into a premier annual conference reflecting the diversity, richness, and significance of the circuits and systems fields, as well as the growing technological applications and knowledge economy that is based on circuits and systems fundamentals. It is the largest yearly conference under IEEE Circuits and Systems Society, which attracts thousands of hundreds of researchers throughout the world.
ISCAS is frequently considered an "academic" conference, whose participants are predominantly researchers in universities. Unlike its sister conferences such as ISSCC, DAC and ITC, it gets less number of industry attendance and industry papers.
ISCAS 2012 was held from May 20 through 23, 2012 in Seoul whose proceedings included about 850 papers.

</doc>
<doc id="18635430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635430" title="List of districts in Bromley">
List of districts in Bromley

This is a list of districts in the London Borough of Bromley:

</doc>
<doc id="18635441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635441" title="Andreas Boyde">
Andreas Boyde

Andreas Boyde (born 13 November 1967) is a German pianist.
Biography.
Andreas Boyde was born in Oschatz, Saxony.
He has appeared in recital as well as soloist with orchestras such as the London Philharmonic Orchestra, the Sächsische Staatskapelle Dresden, the Malaysian Philharmonic Orchestra, the Prague Radio Symphony Orchestra, the Dresden Philharmonic Orchestra, the Zurich Chamber Orchestra, the Bamberger Symphoniker, the Hallé Orchestra Manchester, the Bolshoi Symphony Orchestra, the Dresdner Sinfoniker, the London Mozart Players, the Miami Symphony Orchestra, the Slovenian Philharmonic Orchestra, the Auckland Philharmonia Orchestra, the Zagreb Philharmonic Orchestra, the Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra and the Berliner Sinfonie Orchester.
Most recently the pianist completed a Brahms cycle on CD for OehmsClassics in co-production with Westdeutscher Rundfunk (German radio).
Andreas Boyde has participated in several international music festivals including the Beethovenfest Bonn, Prague Autumn and La Roque d’Anthéron Piano Festival. He enjoys a close association with German radio established by frequent broadcast recordings and productions.
The pianist gave the European première of Paul Schoenfield’s Piano Concerto "Four Parables", as well as the first performance of John Pickard’s Piano Concerto, which is dedicated to him. Boyde’s reconstruction of the ‘Schubert’ Variations by Robert Schumann, now published by Hofmeister Leipzig, reveals his interest in musicological issues and was premièred in New York.
Andreas Boyde studied with Christa Holzweißig and Amadeus Webersinke in Dresden and subsequently with James Gibb at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in London. His mentor and promoter Malcolm Frager also proved a major influence.
In addition to his many recordings for European radio and television, Boyde’s discography includes works by Brahms, Schumann, Tchaikovsky, Dvořák, Mussorgsky, Ravel, Scriabin and Schoenfield.
Andreas Boyde entered the Book of Honour of his hometown Oschatz in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18635450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635450" title="List of districts in Brent">
List of districts in Brent

This is a list of areas in the London Borough of Brent:
Wards.
Brent is divided into 21 Electoral Wards, some which share a name with the areas above: Alperton, Barnhill, Brondesbury Park, Dollis Hill, Dudden Hill, Fryent, Harlesden, Kensal Green, Kenton, Kilburn, Mapesbury, Northwick Park, Preston, Queen's Park, Queensbury, Stonebridge, Sudbury, Tokyngton, Welsh Harp, Wembley Central, Willesden Green.

</doc>
<doc id="18635469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635469" title="Los Angeles earthquake">
Los Angeles earthquake

Los Angeles earthquake could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18635472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635472" title="Partridge Films">
Partridge Films

Partridge Films (also known as Partridge Productions) is a TV/film production company based in Bristol, England. It specializes in wildlife programs and is a part of United Wildlife, a United News and Media Company.
The company was founded by Michael Rosenberg in 1974; during his time there Partridge Films produced some high quality wildlife documentaries such as “Etosha – Place of Dry Water”, “Fragile Earth” and "Korup – An African Rainforest"; Rosenberg won two Emmy Awards and the company won a Queen’s Award for Export Achievement. In 1996 he sold his shares to UNMC.
On May 7, 2002 Michael Rosenberg was interviewed by Michael Bright in association with Wildscreen and the Wild Film History to provide an oral history of Partridge Films. The interview gave an in depth look of the foundation of Partridge Films to it becoming an archive and working with ARKive to share and educate the world about wildlife online.

</doc>
<doc id="18635497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635497" title="List of districts in Haringey">
List of districts in Haringey

This is a list of districts in the London Borough of Haringey:

</doc>
<doc id="18635512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635512" title="Anna McGarry">
Anna McGarry

Anna M. McGarry (March 17, 1894–January 2, 1978) was a leading U.S. advocate in interracial justice and veteran social action leader. Most of her work occurred in the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where she was a central figure in improving race relations. She was also a journalist for the "Philadelphia Tribune".
Early life.
Anna McGarry was born on March 17, 1894, in Philadelphia to John and Sara McGinley. One of eight children, she attended parochial school in Philadelphia and two years of commercial high school. She worked as a bookkeeper with National Label Company early in her life. She married Francis McGarry in 1917, who left her a widow in 1921.
Social work.
After her husband’s death, she began to take an active role in repairing inhospitable race relations in Philadelphia. As a young widow, she was aghast by the social inequalities inherent in her own neighborhood. She dedicated her life to social justice, spreading word of the mounting problems during the 1930s by teaching. Beginning with World War II, she helped found and began working with the Philadelphia Catholic Interracial Council, becoming a staff member of the city’s Commission on Human Relations and fighting for fair employment practices for African-Americans in that capacity. She was a critical figure in ameliorating conflicts such as the racial violence set off when, during World War II, African-Americans obtained jobs in the city’s transit system, encountering hostile Irish transit union leaders.
She hosted a weekly radio program on interracial justice and wrote a weekly column on it in an African-American Philadelphia newspaper. A leading figure in the National Catholic Conference for Interracial Justice and the National Catholic Social Action Conference, she went on to press for equal access to educational, housing, and public facilities for all, regardless of race. After her formal retirement in 1959, she remained active in those organizations, and she continued to tour and give public speeches in an attempt to raise awareness of the social and economic barriers faced by African-Americans. While the Catholic Church condoned her message of social justice, she was seen as too radical and thus often had to pursue her endeavors without its assistance.
Honors.
McGarry received numerous accolades during her career, including honors from the New York Catholic Interracial Council, the National Conference of Christians and Jews, the Immaculata College Alumnae Philadelphia chapter, the "Afro-American Newspaper", and the Philadelphia Puerto Rican Community.

</doc>
<doc id="18635518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635518" title="Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle +100 kg">
Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle +100 kg

The Men's Freestyle +100 kg at the 1984 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Anaheim Convention Center, Anaheim, California.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18635519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635519" title="Tsageri">
Tsageri

Tsageri () is a town in Georgia, located in Racha-Lechkhumi and Kvemo Svaneti region in the west of the country and serving as an administrative center of the homonymous district. 
Tsageri is located at 475 m above sea level, on the right bank of the Tskhenis-Tsqali, an affluent of the Rioni river. As of the 2002 census, the town had a population of approximately 1,900, mostly Georgians.
History.
In medieval Georgia, Tsageri was an episcopal see, with a cathedral described by the early 18th-century geographer Vakhushti as "the cupola church of Tsageri, superbly built." The original three-nave basilica design was significantly altered by the cathedral's late 19th-century restorers; the original wall paintings, including the portraits of Queen Tamar and her son George IV, were also lost in the process. 
Under the Russian Empire and early Soviet government, Tsageri functioned as an administrative center of the Lechkhumi uyezd. It acquired the status of a town in 1968.
Culture and religion.
There is the residence of the Georgian Orthodox bishop of Tsageri and Lentekhi in Tsageri. A local museum exhibits several thousands of archaeological artifacts unearthed in Lower Svaneti and Lechkhumi.
In the vicinity of Tsageri, there are the ruins of the medieval fortress of Muris-Tsikhe which might have been the place of exile and death of the Christian theologian Maximus the Confessor (c. 580 – 662). There still exits a monastery dedicated to St. Maximus. The nearby located Khvamli caves, according to the medieval records, preserves the treasury of the kings of Georgia. It has been listed among the national monuments of Georgia and has recently attracted a renewed interest from scholars.

</doc>
<doc id="18635533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635533" title="Freeman Spogli &amp; Co.">
Freeman Spogli &amp; Co.

Freeman Spogli & Co. is a leading private equity firm dedicated to investing with management in middle market companies in the consumer and distribution sectors through leveraged buyouts and recapitalizations. The firm invests primarily in the United States.
History.
Freeman Spogli, originally known as Riordan, Freeman & Spogli, was founded in 1983 by Richard Riordan, Bradford M. Freeman, and Ronald P. Spogli.
Co-founder Richard Riordan, who would later go on to serve as Mayor of Los Angeles, had been an attorney and had made substantial personal investments in technology companies. After joining the firm, Riordan focused primarily on venture capital investments in computer, medical, and semiconductor companies. Prior to co-founding Freeman Spogli, Bradford Freeman and Ronald P. Spogli had been Managing Directors in the Corporate Finance Department at Dean Witter Reynolds.
The firm made its name in the 1980s through a series of leveraged buyout transactions. Throughout the 1980s, Riordan, Freeman & Spogli also executed leveraged buyouts of several supermarket retailers including Bayless Southwest (Phoenix), Boys Markets (Los Angeles), P&C Foods (Syracuse, NY), Piggly Wiggly (various Southern states), and Tops Markets (New York and Pennsylvania).
Riordan separated from the other two partners in 1988 when they decided to specialize in larger leveraged buyouts of more established companies. Riordan relinquished his general partner position in the firm to form a venture capital firm called Riordan, Lewis & Haden with J. Christopher Lewis and former Los Angeles Rams quarterback Pat Haden. Following Riordan's departure, the firm was renamed Freeman Spogli & Co.
In 2002, former Harvard Business School roommate George W. Bush appointed Spogli to a three-year term with the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship board. Spogli left his position at Freeman Spogli & Co. and in July 2005, was to be sworn in as the U.S. Ambassador to Italy on August 10, 2005 and later as Ambassador to San Marino in September 2006. He returned to Freeman Spogli in June 2009.
Investments.
Among the firm's historical investments are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18635537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635537" title="List of districts in Harrow">
List of districts in Harrow

This is a list of districts in the London Borough of Harrow:
Postcode districts.
Postcode districts include: HA1, HA2, HA3, HA5, HA7 and HA8.

</doc>
<doc id="18635552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635552" title="Alfred Brice">
Alfred Brice

Alfred "Bobby" Brice (21 September 1871 – 28 May 1938) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Aberavon and Cardiff. A three times Triple Crown winner, Brice was known for his tough and aggressive tackling play.
Brice was one of several 'Valley forwards' who was chosen to represent his country at the turn of the century. Although he began his international career with Aberavon, a club he would captain from 1901 to 1903; he would later play for Cardiff.
Rugby career.
Brice was first capped for Wales in a home game at St Helens in 1899 against England; though it would be the final match of the tournament against Ireland in which Brice showed his worth to the Welsh squad. After Billy Bancroft was injured after being thrown into the crowd, the Welsh were a man down to a highly motivated Irish team. Brice tackled well and covered the lose ball in a match that was disturbed by constant pitch invasions. Although Wales lost by a solitary try it showed a strong defence that would serve Wales well as they entered their first 'Golden Era'. Brice played every match in the six consecutive Home Nations tournaments.
Although Brice was normally known for keeping his cool under pressure, in the 1904 match against Ireland he was reported for calling the referee, a 'thundering idiot', though it is believed his actual language was worse than that on the report. The WFU demanded that Brice apologise to Findaly, the referee, but Brice refused stating that he never used the language. Brice was suspended from the game for eight months and never played for Wales again.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="18635584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635584" title="List of districts in Hounslow">
List of districts in Hounslow

This is a list of districts in the London Borough of Hounslow:

</doc>
<doc id="18635599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635599" title="List of districts in Kensington and Chelsea">
List of districts in Kensington and Chelsea

This is a list of districts in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea:

</doc>
<doc id="18635602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635602" title="John Gibbons (Jesuit)">
John Gibbons (Jesuit)

John Gibbons (1544 – 1589) was an English Jesuit theologian and controversialist.
Life.
Gibbons was born in 1544, at or near Wells, Somerset.
The Jesuit Richard Gibbons was his younger brother.
He entered Lincoln College, Oxford, in 1561, but left the university without a degree. After studying philosophy and theology for seven years in the German College, Rome, he obtained the doctorate in both, 1576. 
Pope Gregory XIII gave him a canonry in the Cathedral Church in Bonn, in Germany, but he resigned this on entering the Society of Jesus at Trier, in 1578. In the college of this latter place he filled successively the offices of confessor, professor of theology, professor of Sacred Scripture, prefect of studies, and rector. He became known on account of his controversial talents, which he displayed in frequent contests with the Lutherans of Germany. 
When William Allen suggested Father Gibbons as a fit candidate for the English mission, the latter wrote both to the general of the Society and Dr. Allen, that he hoped he should give no disedification by saying that he had not the spiritual strength necessary for such an enterprise, but that he would lend it all the assistance in his power.
He died on 16 August or 3 December 1589, during a visit to the monastery of Himmerod Abbey, near Trier.
Works.
Among his literary works is "Concertatio Ecclesiæ Catholicæ in Anglica, adversus Calvino-Papistas et Puritanos" (Trier, 1583). The work was republished on a larger scale in 1588 and 1594, by Dr. John Bridgewater, who numbered among his assistants Cardinal Allen and Dr. Humphrey Ely. 
Dr. Bridgewater also edited (see, however, "Dictionary of National Biography", s. v.) a posthumous work of Gibbons entitled "Confutatio virulentæ disputationis theologicæ in qua Georgius Sohn, Professor Academiæ Heidelburgensis, conatus est docere Pontificum Romanum esse Antichristum a prophgetis et apostolis prædictum" (Trier, 1589). The Calvinist attacks on the Pope are dealt with.

</doc>
<doc id="18635603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635603" title="2008–09 Ukrainian Premier League Reserves">
2008–09 Ukrainian Premier League Reserves

The 2008-09 Ukrainian Premier League Reserves season is a competition between the reserves of Ukrainian Premier League Clubs. The events in the senior leagues during the 2007-08 season saw Naftovyk Reserves and Zakarpattia Reserves all relegated and replaced by the promoted teams Illichivets Mariupol Reserves and Lviv Reserves.
Final standings.
As of May 25, 2009

</doc>
<doc id="18635616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635616" title="List of districts in Kingston upon Thames">
List of districts in Kingston upon Thames

This is a list of districts in the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames:

</doc>
<doc id="18635618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635618" title="1902–03 Real Madrid C.F. season">
1902–03 Real Madrid C.F. season

The 1902–03 season was the first season for Madrid FC. The club played some friendly matches against local clubs. They also played in the first official edition of the Cup tournament in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18635621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635621" title="Jennifer Sherrill">
Jennifer Sherrill

Jennifer Sherrill is a beauty queen who won the title Miss Arkansas USA 2004.
Miss USA 2004.
Jennifer Sherrill competed for Arkansas in the Miss USA 2004 pageant held in Hollywood, California on April 12, 2004. Although she did not place within the top fifteen in the pageant, she was chosen by online vote to win a special award, Miss Photogenic.
Connections to other Miss USA contestants.
Sherrill attended college at the University of Central Arkansas and was involved with the Alpha Sigma Tau Sorority. Other Alpha Sigma Tau sisters from the same university include Terri Utley (Miss USA 1982) and Jessica Furrer (Miss Arkansas USA 2005).

</doc>
<doc id="18635624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635624" title="Althorp Park railway station">
Althorp Park railway station

Althorp Park railway station served the village of Althorp in Northamptonshire, England. The station, which was situated on the Northampton Loop Line, was adjacent to Althorp House, the ancestral seat of the Spencers, the family of Diana, Princess of Wales.
History.
Opened by the London and North Western Railway, it joined the London Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The line then passed on to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. The station was closed by the British Transport Commission in 1960.
The site today.
Trains still pass at speed on the West Coast Main Line, as part of the Northampton Loop Line. As the station was closed by 1997 Lady Diana Spencer's funeral passed through Althorp station on its way to Long Buckby. 

</doc>
<doc id="18635631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635631" title="List of districts in Bexley">
List of districts in Bexley

This is a list of areas in the London Borough of Bexley
The borough is predominantly in the DA postcode area, with some sections in the northwest in the SE postcode area.

</doc>
<doc id="18635633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635633" title="UnKnown Aerospace Cygnet">
UnKnown Aerospace Cygnet

Cygnet is a British cargo and logistics UAV system designed to provide lift and reconnaissance capability for military, humanitarian aid cargo capability, and to provide specialist payload transport.

</doc>
<doc id="18635637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635637" title="Adnyapatra">
Adnyapatra

Adnyapatra, also pronounced as ‘Ajnapatra’, is a royal edict on the principles of Maratha policy written in Modi Marathi by Ramchandra Pant Amatya, a diplomat and warrior of the Maratha Empire, with intention to guide Shivaji’s grandson Sambhaji II. It is supposed to be the formal documentation of Shivaji’s ideals, principles and policies of state administration.
Background.
In the strict sense, Adnyapatra is not an official document as it does not bear any seal or other traditional signs used to denote the beginning and end of the official document. 
It is presented in the traditional form supposing as if the ruling teen-age king orders an experienced person in his court to tell him the history and the state policy adopted by his forefathers for his guidance. Date of completion of Adnyapatra is mentioned on the script itself as 19 November 1715.
Contents.
Adnyapatra is a script of about 7000 words in Modi Marathi. It is divided into two sections. The first section comprises the first two chapters which give a brief narration of the achievements of Shivaji and his sons in building and preserving the Maratha Empire. The second section comprises seven chapters in which he discusses the principles of state policy and various aspects of administration he had learned while working with Shivaji.
Controversy.
According to historians Sir Jadunath Sarkar, V.B.Kolte and S.N.Banhatti, the authorship of Adnyapatra is denied to Ramchandra Pant Amatya on the following grounds :
Refutation.
These charges have, however, been refuted by historians T S Shejwalkar, G.H.Khare, S.N.Joshi and R.C.Dhere and were well supported by Govind Sakharam Sardesai and Datto Vaman Potdar on the following grounds : 

</doc>
<doc id="18635640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635640" title="List of districts in Richmond upon Thames">
List of districts in Richmond upon Thames

This is a list of districts in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames:

</doc>
<doc id="18635646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635646" title="Duets (Belize)">
Duets (Belize)

Duets is a variety competition, airing on Great Belize Television (Channel 5) as of July 8, 2008. Similar in format to its predecessor, "Karaoke Television", Duets' style is that contestants must work in pairs, hence the name. The winning Duet of the competition was that of Joseph Stamp-Romero and Delanni Romero. Second was Ameera Marin and Troy Longsworth and third went to Elizabeth Tate and Romey Plunkett

</doc>
<doc id="18635654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635654" title="List of districts in Southwark">
List of districts in Southwark

This is a list of districts in the London Borough of Southwark:
The borough is located entirely within the SE postcode area.

</doc>
<doc id="18635660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635660" title="Sarah-Jane Gwillim">
Sarah-Jane Gwillim

Sarah-Jane Gwillim is a British television and stage actress who worked mainly from the mid-1960s until the 1980s. She now teaches as an Assistant Professor of Acting at the University of Michigan.
Brief career.
She starred in the short lived BBC series "Sat'day While Sunday" (1967) opposite Malcolm McDowell and Timothy Dalton. She also appeared in the 1970 television version of "Howards End", opposite Glenda Jackson.
She appeared on Broadway in the 1980s in revivals of such classics as "Macbeth", "Major Barbara" and "Saint Joan".
Family.
She married stage actor Philip Kerr in 1983 and has two children. Her father Jack Gwillim, was also an actor, as is her brother David Gwillim. She also has another brother, Jaxon Duff Gwillim.

</doc>
<doc id="18635666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635666" title="List of districts in Wandsworth">
List of districts in Wandsworth

This is a list of districts in the London Borough of Wandsworth:

</doc>
<doc id="18635676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635676" title="St. Andrew's Episcopal Church (Scotland, South Dakota)">
St. Andrew's Episcopal Church (Scotland, South Dakota)

St. Andrew's Episcopal Church built in 1886 is an historic brick Gothic Revival style Episcopal church located at 4th and Poplar streets in Scotland, South Dakota, United States. On June 17, 1982, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
St. Andrew's is no longer an active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of South Dakota. In 2001, Preserve South Dakota, which is headquartered only a few blocks away at 351 4th Street in Scotland, placed it on its list of threatened historic properties in South Dakota. Its current status according to Preserve South Dakota is "threatened" with the notation: "building is privately owned, vacant with broken windows and roof leaks."

</doc>
<doc id="18635680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635680" title="List of districts in Lewisham">
List of districts in Lewisham

This list shows places located wholly or partly within the London Borough of Lewisham in southeast London, England. Places in "italics" are only partly in the borough. Places in bold have their own articles with that title; places not in bold are either redirects to other place articles that encompass them, or have no article at all.
The chart shows the electoral wards, the United Kingdom constituencies, and the postcodes the places are located within. There are three constituencies within the borough; they are Lewisham East (LE), Lewisham Deptford (LD) and Lewisham West and Penge (LWP), which also covers part of the London Borough of Bromley. For places only partly in the borough, the chart shows the wards, constituencies, and postcodes that cover the area of the place within the Lewisham borough only.
The post town for all SE post codes is LONDON and covers almost the whole borough, the small part covered by BR1 has the post town BROMLEY. The dialling code 020 covers the whole borough.

</doc>
<doc id="18635689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635689" title="List of districts in Merton">
List of districts in Merton

This is a list of districts in the London Borough of Merton:

</doc>
<doc id="18635698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635698" title="El Alamein Fountain">
El Alamein Fountain

The El Alamein Memorial Fountain is a fountain and war memorial in the city of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. It is located in the Kings Cross area, at the entrance to the Fitzroy Gardens on the corner of Darlingurst Road and Macleay Street. The El Alamein Fountain was commissioned as a memorial to soldiers who died in 1942 during the Second World War in two battles at El Alamein, Egypt, and was designed by the Australian-born architect Bob Woodward.
War memorial.
The Australian 9th Division fought in both battles of El Alamein during the Second World War. Both were important for the course of the war; the first battle, fought in July 1942, halted the advance of Axis forces into Egypt and the second, fought in October and November 1942, routed them, and is considered a turning point in the Western Desert Campaign. The El Alamein fountain commemorates the Australian army's roles in the North Africa campaign in general, and the two El Alamein battles in particular.
The designer.
New Zealand born Robert (Bob) Woodward was commissioned to build the fountain in 1959. Woodward, himself an Army veteran, was 36 at the time and had studied architecture at Sydney University, and worked in Finland. The structure was completed in 1961 and officially opened by Harry Jensen, Lord Mayor of Sydney. The fountain made such a name for Woodward that he went on to design many others, and his fountains are his best-known works.
The design.
Woodward's Modernist design has been variously described as looking like a blown thistle, or dandelion. The sculpture is made of bronze with brass pipes. The small-nozzled spray heads make the sphere-shaped spray very fine, and sensitive to air movement. The fountain sits on a hexagonal base, where the water cascades down three levels. It is illuminated at night.
Cultural impact.
The fountain won Woodward the New South Wales Institute of Architects Civic Design Award in 1964. Over the years, its iconic shape has made it a well-known landmark that has been imitated by other builders.
As the focal point of the Kings Cross area, the fountain often serves as a meeting place.

</doc>
<doc id="18635701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635701" title="List of districts in the City of Westminster">
List of districts in the City of Westminster

This is a list of districts in the City of Westminster:

</doc>
<doc id="18635720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635720" title="List of districts in Newham">
List of districts in Newham

This is a list of districts in the London Borough of Newham:

</doc>
<doc id="18635741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635741" title="The Day's Work">
The Day's Work

"The Day's Work" is a collection of short stories by Rudyard Kipling. It was first published in 1898. There are no poems included between the different stories in "The Day's Work", as there are in many other of Kipling's collections.
The stories in it are:

</doc>
<doc id="18635791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635791" title="Humboldt State University Marching Lumberjacks">
Humboldt State University Marching Lumberjacks

The Marching Lumberjacks are the official student run marching band of Humboldt State University. The band, also known as the "Banned" performs in the scatter band style often associated with Ivy League schools, using humorous routines and scripts during its half-time field shows in Redwood Bowl.
Performances.
The band plays at numerous campus and community events, marches in parades across California, Oregon and Washington, aids in student recruiting, and performs at home football and basketball games. Its traditional uniform consists of a yellow aluminum logger's hardhat, suspenders, a yellow t-shirt, green work pants, and boots.
The Band's Introduction.
"Ladies and gentlemen"
"Boys and Girls"
"Republicans and Democrats"
"Libertarians and Greens..."
"The Associated Students of Humboldt State"
"Are unable to prevent your world famous"
"Humboldt State University Marching Lumberjacks!"
Appearances in Media.
The group was depicted marching into the Pacific Ocean in a photograph in the July 1993 National Geographic magazine. Members of the band were cast to portray a high school band in the 2001 feature film The Majestic with Jim Carrey, filmed in Ferndale, California. The band was also featured in a New York Times article about the football experience at Humboldt State.
Fight song.
Drive on Humboldt.
Football version.
"Drive on Humboldt, on down the field;"
"Drive on Humboldt, we'll never yield!"
"Tackle 'em, Sock 'em, Back Field, Rock 'em"
"We are on the make! Rah Rah Rah!"
"We must have a victory;"
"for the green and gold!"
"So FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT and WIN,"
"For Humboldt State!"
Basketball version.
"Drive on Humboldt, on down the floor;"
"Drive on Humboldt, show them the door;"
"Forward snuff them, Center stuff them;"
"We are on the make! RAH RAH RAH!"
"We must have a victory,"
"for the Green and Gold,"
"So fight, fight, fight and win"
"for Humboldt State!"
Controversial Drinking/Parade Version.
"Drive on Humboldt, on down the Street;"
"Drive on Humboldt, show off your feet;"
"Lefts confuse us, Rights confound us;"
"Keep on drinking beer! RAH RAH RAH!"
"We must have another brew,"
"before this one is through,"
"So drink, drink, drink and spew"
"for Humboldt State!"
External links.
official website kissouraxe.com

</doc>
<doc id="18635842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635842" title="Sectrix of Maclaurin">
Sectrix of Maclaurin

In geometry, a sectrix of Maclaurin is defined as the curve swept out by the point of intersection of two lines which are each revolving at constant rates about different points called poles. Equivalently, a sectrix of Maclaurin can be defined as a curve whose equation in biangular coordinates is linear. The name is derived from the trisectrix of Maclaurin (named for Colin Maclaurin), which is a prominent member of the family, and their sectrix property, which means they can be used to divide an angle into a given number of equal parts. There are special cases are also known as arachnida or araneidans because of their spider-like shape, and Plateau curves after Joseph Plateau who studied them.
Equations in polar coordinates.
We are given two lines rotating about two poles formula_1 and formula_2. By translation and rotation we may assume formula_3 and formula_4. At time formula_5, the line rotating about formula_1 has angle formula_7 and the line rotating about formula_2 has angle formula_9, where formula_10, formula_11, formula_12 and formula_13 are constants. Eliminate formula_5 to get 
formula_15 where formula_16 and formula_17. We assume formula_18 is rational, otherwise the curve is not algebraic and is dense in the plane. Let formula_19 be the point of intersection of the two lines and let formula_20 be the angle at formula_19, so formula_22. If formula_23 is the distance from formula_1 to formula_19 then, by the law of sines, 
so
is the equation in polar coordinates.
The case formula_28 and formula_29 where formula_30 is an integer greater than 2 gives arachnida or araneidan curves
The case formula_28 and formula_33 where formula_30 is an integer greater than 1 gives alternate forms of arachnida or araneidan curves
A similar derivation to that above gives
as the polar equation (in formula_37 and formula_38) if the origin is shifted to the right by formula_39. Note that this is the earlier equation with a change of parameters; this to be expected from the fact that two poles are interchangeable in the construction of the curve.
Equations in the complex plane, rectangular coordinates and orthogonal trajectories.
Let formula_40 where formula_41 and formula_30 are integers and the fraction is in lowest terms. In the notation of the previous section, we have 
formula_15 or 
formula_44.
If formula_45 then formula_46, so the equation becomes
formula_47 or 
formula_48. This can also be written
from which it is relatively simple to derive the Cartesian equation given m and n. The function 
formula_50 is analytic so the orthoganal trajectories of the family formula_51 are the curves formula_52, or
formula_53 These form the Apollonian circles with poles formula_54 and formula_55.
"q" = -1.
These curves have polar equation 
complex equation formula_57 In rectangular coordinates this becomes
formula_58 which is a conic. From the polar equation it is evident that the curves has asymptotes at formula_59 and formula_60 which are at right angles. So the conics are, in fact, rectangular hyperbolas. The center of the hyperbola is always formula_61. The orthogonal trajectories of this family are given by 
formula_62 which is the family of Cassini ovals with foci 
formula_54 and formula_55.
Trisectrix of Maclaurin.
In the case where formula_65 (or formula_66 by switching the poles) and formula_28, the equation is
This is the Trisectrix of Maclaurin which is specific case whose generalization is the sectrix of Maclaurin. The construction above gives a method that this curve may be used as a trisectrix.
Limaçon trisectrix.
In the case where formula_69 (or formula_70 by switching the poles) and formula_28, the equation is
This is the Limaçon trisectrix. The equation with the origin take to be the other pole is
The 3 in the numerator of "q" and the construction above give a method that the curve may be used as a trisectrix.

</doc>
<doc id="18635843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635843" title="The Forgotten Refugees">
The Forgotten Refugees

The Forgotten Refugees is a 2005 documentary film produced by The David Project and IsraTV that recounts the rich history of the ancient Jewish communities of the Middle East and North Africa and their rapid demise in the face of persecution in the decades following the creation of the modern State of Israel in 1948. The film was directed by Michael Grynszpan with Ralph Avi Goldwasser serving as the executive producer.
Summary.
The documentary explores the history, culture, and forced exodus of Middle Eastern and North African Jewish communities in the second half of the 20th century. Using extensive testimony of refugees from Egypt, Yemen, Libya, Iraq, and Morocco, the film weaves personal stories with dramatic archival footage of rescue missions, historic images of exodus and resettlement, and analyses by contemporary scholars to tell the story of how and why the Jewish population in the Middle East and North Africa declined from one million in 1945 to several thousand today.
Awards.
"The Forgotten Refugees" won the "Best Documentary Film" at the 2007 Marbella Film Festival.
In 2006, the film won "Best Featured Documentary" at the Warsaw Jewish Film Festival.
Interviews.
Personalities interviewed in the film include:

</doc>
<doc id="18635845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635845" title="WPUM">
WPUM

WPUM (93.3 FM) is a non-commercial educational radio station begun in 1977 in Rensselaer, Indiana, USA, owned by Saint Joseph's College. The format is primarily contemporary hit radio and Oldies hosted by Saint Joseph's College students in hour air shifts. The station also broadcasts the school's sports programs and can be listened to live on the Internet at WPUM's website. The station is licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). Its coverage area includes Rensselaer and Jasper County, Indiana.
Switch to 93.3 the Joe.
Through the 2000s WPUM had been known as 90.5 Puma Rock, but a displacement of radio frequency by another station in nearby Crown Point, Indiana, resulted in a loss of their place on the radio dial. After a long appeal to the FCC, WPUM was transferred temporarily to 93.3 FM until another frequency became available in the non-commercial range on the FM dial. WPUM has been at 93.3 since the fall of 2008. When WPUM changed frequency, it also formally changed its format to include more of a variety rather than straight rock that the station had featured since its launch in 1977. As a result, 90.5 Puma Rock became 93.3 The Joe.

</doc>
<doc id="18635846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635846" title="Prabhupāda">
Prabhupāda

Prabhupāda, (alternative spelling: Prabhupada, Prabhupad) (eng) প্রভুপাদ (ben) is a Bengali word originated from the language Sanskrit meaning, "an honorary title" or, "a title used before the name of Vaishnava religious teachers". Since Medieval Bengali Literature period "prabhu-pāda" means lotus feet of Śrī Caitanya Mahāprabhu.
"Prabhupāda" is a joined word by the words 'prabhu' and 'pāda', where the word prabhu literally means, master or, lord, God, saint, person with high spiritual esteem, leader and the word pāda literally means, feet or, leg, root.

</doc>
<doc id="18635868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635868" title="Bluegrass Unlimited">
Bluegrass Unlimited

Bluegrass Unlimited is a monthly music magazine "dedicated to the furtherance of bluegrass and old-time musicians, devotees and associates." First published in 1966, as of 2008 the magazine had a circulation of more than 25,000 copies and is widely considered the premier magazine for bluegrass music. "Bluegrass Unlimited" is a founding member of the International Bluegrass Music Association (IBMA).
Folklorist and music scholar Neil V. Rosenberg, in "Bluegrass: A History", sets out the history of "Bluegrass Unlimited" and thereafter notes its prominence and influence as the oldest of the nationally-distributed bluegrass magazines. The magazine launched, in 1966, in a typed, mimeographed 7– x 8½–inch booklet-like format with a hand drawn logo, and was available for $3 per year. In the fall of 1970, the magazine moved from an informal to a full-time operation with "new publishers" Pete and Marion Kuykendall upgrading it to a larger, standard format on glossy paper. The current U.S. subscription rate is $25.00 per year and the magazine is full-color and printed on high-speed web offset presses. 
As music historian Bill C. Malone observed, "Bluegrass Unlimited" magazine was initially devoted primarily to bluegrass music in the USA and abroad with occasional reference to old time country music. It is now a treasure trove of information on every phase of bluegrass and old-time music - biographical articles, discographies, record and book reviews, concert and festival dates, interviews, classified ads, and songs. ""Bluegrass Unlimited" has always been a thorough compendium of material on bluegrass and old-time music."
Speaking of founder Pete Kuykendall and the influence of "Bluegrass Unlimited", David Freeman, owner of Rebel Records and County Records, said: "When the magazine started publishing, bluegrass was pretty much at a low point. The magazine spread the word and highlighted the artistic aspect of the music, which helped to bring it out of the bars where it was in the 1950s. Without him I don’t know where the bluegrass industry would be today."
The 1996 International Bluegrass Music Hall of Fame citation inducting Pete Kuykendall says that "Bluegrass Unlimited" magazine is "a publication affectionately referred to as the 'bible of bluegrass music'".

</doc>
<doc id="18635896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635896" title="Long Creek, South Carolina">
Long Creek, South Carolina

Long Creek is an unincorporated community in western Oconee County, South Carolina, USA. It is located within the Sumter National Forest. It is the location of the Long Creek Academy, which is on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18635898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635898" title="I Believe There Is More">
I Believe There Is More

I Believe There Is More is a Contemporary Christian album of Worship music by Don Moen. It was released everywhere else in the world on September 2008 except that in United States and Canada, it was later released on March 3, 2009 by Integrity, Hosanna! Music, Columbia and Sony.
Title of the Album.
In regard to the title of the album, which is the title of the song from the 7th track of the album, Don Moen wrote in his blog:
Track listing.
in total 73:32

</doc>
<doc id="18635901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635901" title="University Paideia">
University Paideia

University Paideia is a United States 501(c)(3) non-profit organisation founded by Stanford University alumni Jack Schneider and Michael Dunson. The program is an intensive four week summer institute designed to give low-income students a greater sense of educational self-efficacy, a higher level of comfort in an academic environment, and a greater ability to make connections between different topics and ideas. The program also has a second objective – exposing college undergraduates interested in teaching to working with talented underserved students.
In its inaugural summer, 2008, the program brought together three undergraduates and 13 low-income students in a curriculum focused on teaching and learning. The program culminated in three days of school, designed and run by teams of four to five high school students and one undergraduate.
The aim is to:
This aim is pursued through a summer institute that will bring high school students, undergraduate prospective teachers, and former teachers together in a program that breaks down traditional school roles and enables the individuals involved to learn from each other.

</doc>
<doc id="18635939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635939" title="Damn (band)">
Damn (band)

Damn! is a funk-rock band based in Lund, Sweden. The four core members are joined on stage and on record by a collective of DJs and live musicians. The group's first album "Natural Sounds" was recorded by the group as a trio and released on Lund Records in Sweden and LoveCat Music in North America. The band members are also videographers and direct their own videos. The group has released three CDs of their own music. The band has toured Japan, Europe and North America. 
Additionally, Damn! records and tours as the backup band for Swedish rapper Timbuktu.

</doc>
<doc id="18635949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635949" title="Louise Island">
Louise Island

Louise Island is a island in Haida Gwaii, in British Columbia, Canada, off the east coast of Moresby Island. It was named for Princess Louise, Duchess of Argyll, fourth daughter of Queen Victoria. Louise Islands is located east of Moresby Island and Carmichael Passage, and south of Cumshewa Inlet.
The island is home to the ancient Haida village of Skedans.

</doc>
<doc id="18635955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635955" title="20 Bulls Each">
20 Bulls Each

20 Bulls Each are a hardcore punk band based in Dublin, Ireland.
History.
20 Bulls Each were formed in early 2002 in Dublin, Ireland.
The first release was a 6 track EP called "Make Your Stand" in 2004. Before Make your Stand they had recorded several demos and single tracks that were available on the internet. In 2005 they released a split CD with Northern Ireland punk band Mellow Dramatic. In 2006 they released their first full length album Lost Causes on Fail Records.
The band have toured all over Ireland, England and have toured the USA several times. 
The band are known for mixing punk, hardcore and metal and their sing along choruses.
20BE have had a few line up changes over the years. Previously Derek O'Neil, Trev Ward, Ciaran Mangan, and Ray Good have played bass with the band. On some occasions Jim Mellow Dramatic from Northern Irish punk band "The Lobotomies" has toured with the band and filled in on drum duties.
Latest Album "A Glorious And Bloody Revolution" released by Thorp Records July 2011.
Members.
20 Bulls Each are:
Current activity.
20 Bulls Each (Sometimes known as 20BE) are currently planning a release of their next full length album with Thorp Records in the US in 2011.
As of May 2009 20 Bulls Each are now part of the Thorp Records roster.

</doc>
<doc id="18635992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635992" title="Gnana Robinson">
Gnana Robinson

Gnana Robinson is an Old Testament Bible scholar.
History.
Robinson was born into a Christian family who were communicant members of what was then the South India United Church. He was educated in Eraniel in the Kanyakumari district of Tamil Nadu, India. Robinson later studied at Scott Christian College and obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics.
Robinson decided to pursue the priesthood, and his Church sponsored his theological studies. In 1957, Robinson joined the United Theological College and enrolled himself for a Bachelor of Divinity degree which he completed by 1960.
Later, his Church assigned him a pastoral role, and Robinson served as Presbyter-in-Charge of the Kanyakumari District.
Robinson was zealous for his studies and obtained permission from his diocese to pursue a Master of Theology degree in Bengaluru. Robinson chose to specialize in Old Testament studies and studied between 1961 - 1963.
Robinson left India in 1964 for North America and joined the Union Theological Seminary of New York City and obtained a Master of Sacred Theology degree. Gnana also did a course in the Tantur Ecumenical Institute for Theological Studies in Israel.
Robinson went on to pursue doctoral studies in the University of Hamburg in Germany. He registered himself at the School of Evangelical Theology and obtained a Doctor of Theology degree 1975. Robinson considered Klaus Koch, a professor at the university and a notable Old Testament scholar, to be his guru.
Professorship.
Robinson began his teaching career at what was then the Tamil Nadu Theological College (now the Tamil Nadu Theological Seminary) in 1962. In 1987, Robinson accepted an invitation from the Predigerseminar at Soest, Germany to teach there. Later that year, however, the Principal of the United Theological College in Bengaluru, India, Rev. Dr. E. C. John, retired, and the school formed a committee to find a replacement. Robinson accepted their invitation to return to India and become Principal there, and also headed their Department of Old Testament studies.
Professor Gnana has been invited to other institutions as well, where he taught for shorter periods of time. He was Visiting Professor at the University of Hamburg in 1982, and also taught at the St. Andrew’s Theological College in the West Indies that same year. He taught at the Andover Newton Theological School in Massachusetts in 1983 as well as at the Lincoln Theological College in the United Kingdom.
Honours.
While serving as the Principal of UTC, Bengaluru, friends of the Professor brought out a 377-page festschrift in his honour edited by his junior colleague Rev. Dr. D. Jones Muthunayagam entitled "Bible Speaks Today: Essays in honour of Gnana Robinson", ISPCK, 2000, ISBN 81-7214-545-4
Senate of Serampore College (University).
The Senate of Serampore College (University), West Bengal, the first University in India with degree-granting authority elected Gnana Robinson as its President in 1986. He was preceded by Rev. Dr. C. D. Jathanna. Rev. Gnana continued as its President till 1988 and was succeeded by Dr. Jacob Verghis. 
Again in the year 1997, Rev. Gnana was elected as the President and was later succeeded by Rev. Dr. J. W. Gladstone in the year 2000.
Dr. Robinson has been acknowledged to have provided leadership to the Senate which has over fifty theological colleges from South Asia affiliated to it.
Retirement.
After retiring as the Principal of the UTC, Bengaluru, Prof. Gnana was invited by the Lutheran Theological Seminary in Philadelphia where he was Visiting Professor until 2001. He later returned to India and lives in Tamil Nadu and is extensively involved in developmental activities.
Development initiatives.
For Rev. Robinson, theology did not mean existence within the seminary walls. He founded many development initiatives in Tamil Nadu. Prof. Gnana, as Principal of UTC, Bengaluru commissioned a team of volunteers along with the Ramakrishna Mission, Bengaluru to provide relief to the Earthquake-affected people in Latur, Maharashtra.
Rev. Gnana founded the Peace Trust, Kanyakumari. He also is a member on the following societies:

</doc>
<doc id="18635995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18635995" title="Emilio Scotto">
Emilio Scotto

Emilio Scotto (born 1956) is an Argentine adventurer, photojournalist, and writer. he holds the Guinness record for the world’s longest motorcycle ride, spanning 10 years, 279 countries and a total distance of . The ride was done on a 1980 Honda Gold Wing GL1100 motorcycle Scotto calls “Black Princess." Scotto recounted his travels in a 224-page book illustrated with his photographs, "The Longest Ride: My Ten-Year 500,000 Mile Motorcycle Journey", published in 2007.
In interviews, Scotto is known to make hyperbolic boasts on the importance of his adventures, such as "This is more than a trip around the world, it's the biggest trip in the history of human beings."
Biography.
In 1985, Scotto quit his job as a Buenos Aires sales representative for the pharmaceutical company Pfizer to see the world on his five-year-old 1100 cc Honda Goldwing Interstate. Scotto, who had never traveled outside of Argentina before, left with only $300 and no contacts for the many stops on his journey.
By the end of his journey in 1995, Scotto went through 13 64-page passports and his motorcycle received one replacement engine, consumed of gasoline, of oil, 86 tires, 12 batteries and nine new seats.
Scotto's odyssey was often perilous, including journeys through Nicaragua in 1985 during its civil war and Kuwait prior to the 1991 invasion by Iraq. The most dangerous part of his trip, he would later recall, came in Africa when he was arrested as a suspected spy in Burundi, Chad and Cameroon. He was also jailed on suspicion of carrying a forged passport in Zimbabwe. In Liberia, he came into the country during a period of military upheaval and needed to hide in a diplomatic compound in Monrovia for several days until he could receive safe passage out of the country.
Scotto was not able to arrange to bring his motorcycle into North Korea, but he was able to walk by foot the demarcation zone separating that country from South Korea. He was nearly denied access to China when border officials insisted that he pay a $70,000 entry fee. Intervention by the Motorcycle Club of Beijing helped him enter the country without any prepayment.
Although Scotto did not publicize his journey when he first departed, news of his adventure began to spread during his travels. In late 1986, when he was stranded in New York City, a television news report helped bring in donations that allowed him to cross the ocean. Scotto was able to personally present a letter to Pope John Paul II at the Vatican, and Libyan leader Col. Muammar al-Gaddafi provided him with $300 for the African portion of his journey. During the later part of his journey, he received corporate sponsorship from Pepsi, Agip and Metzeler.
In 1991, Scotto married Monica Pino in New Delhi, India. She was his companion on the final four years of his trek.
Reviews of "The Longest Ride".
A lighhearted capsule review by "The Daily Telegraph" recommended "The Longest Ride" on the strength of the approximately 200 photographs. A longer review in "Flak Magazine" found fault with the book's lack of introspection, and the author's apparent lack of curiosity about the world he explores. The reviewer speculates that Scotto is too distracted by his own adventure, and by attractive women, and so the amazing series of places and events he witnesses goes to waste. Alternatively, the reviewer suggests that the limitations of the author's "pedestrian prose" are the reason he seems unable to appreciate the exotic scenes and diverse people he meets.

</doc>
<doc id="18636017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636017" title="Thoma Cressey Bravo">
Thoma Cressey Bravo

Thoma Cressey Bravo, formerly Thoma Cressey Equity Partners, is an American private equity and growth capital firm based in Chicago and San Francisco. , the firm has raised more than $1.5 billion in investor commitments.
The firm principally invests in high-growth industries, including health care and software.
Thoma Cressey invests through a series of private limited partnerships and its investors include a variety of pension funds, endowments and other institutional investors. Following its separation from GTCR (discussed below), Thoma Cressey has raised three private equity funds:
History.
Thoma Cressey Equity Partners, which was renamed Thoma Cressey Bravo to reflect the growing role of partner Orlando Bravo, was founded in 1998 following the separation of Golder Thoma Cressey Rauner (GTCR), a large Chicago-based private equity firm.
The firm's earliest predecessor Golder Thoma & Co. was founded in 1980 by Stanley Golder and Carl Thoma. In the 1970s, Golder built the private equity program at First Chicago Corp. where he is noted primarily for backing Federal Express and for efforts as chairman of the National Venture Capital Association and the National Association of Small Business Investment Companies to change federal laws allowing pensions to invest in private equity. Golder Thoma received much of its initial funding from William M. Blair and upon leaving First Chicago, Golder was replaced by John Canning, Jr. who would go on to found rival Chicago private equity firm Madison Dearborn.
In 1984, after recruiting Bryan Cressey to join the firm from First Chicago, the firm's name was changed to Golder Thoma Cressey and with the promotion of Bruce Rauner to partner the firm would come to be known as Golder, Thoma, Cressey, Rauner, Inc. (GTCR), although it would still often be referred to as Golder Thoma. 
In 1998, disagreements between the senior partners led Golder, Thoma, Cressey, Rauner, Inc. split into two private equity firms. Both firms continue to invest primarily through consolidations of specific industries, referred to as roll-ups: 
In 2008, Bryan Cressey left Thoma Cressey Bravo with several investment professionals to form Cressey & Co. a small healthcare focused private equity firm.
Thoma Cressey Bravo became Thoma Bravo after Cressey’s departure, led by managing partners Carl Thoma, Orlando Bravo, Lee Mitchell and Scott Crabill. The firm closed its 9th fund in March 2009 with $822.5 million.

</doc>
<doc id="18636039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636039" title="Bordet-Gengou agar">
Bordet-Gengou agar

Bordet-Gengou agar is a type of agar plate optimized to isolate "Bordetella", containing blood, potato extract, and glycerol, with an antibiotic such as cephalexin or penicillin and sometimes nicotinamide. "Medical Microbiology, 4th edition" states that Regan-Lowe medium (containing charcoal, blood, and antibiotic) has replaced Bordet-Gengou medium as the medium of choice for routine "Bordetella pertussis" incubation.
"Bordetella" bacteria were difficult to culture; Jules Bordet and Octave Gengou invented the first version to isolate the bacillus, named Bordet-Gengou in 1906, they believed was associated with whooping cough. In 1909, it was not yet established that the bacillus was solely the cause.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18636047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636047" title="Palapallam">
Palapallam

Palapallam is a panchayat town in Kanniyakumari district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.

</doc>
<doc id="18636054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18636054" title="Nic Offer">
Nic Offer

Nic Offer (born 1972) is a New York City-based musician. He is best known as the vocalist of the dance/punk band !!!, which he helped form in Sacramento, California in 1996. Offer also played bass and keyboards for the electronic band Out Hud from 1996 until 2005.

</doc>
