<doc id="18716641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716641" title="Henry Lucy">
Henry Lucy

Sir (William) Henry Lucy JP, (5 December 1842 – 20 February 1924) was an English journalist and humorist, and a parliamentary sketch-writer acknowledged as the first great lobby correspondent.
Henry Lucy was born in Crosby, near Liverpool in 1842, the son of Robert Lucy, a rose-engine turner in the watch trade, and his wife, Margaret Ellen Kemp. He was baptised on 23 April 1843 at St. Michael's Church, Crosby.
While he was still an infant the family removed to Everton, Liverpool, where he attended the private Crescent School until August 1856; thereafter until 1864 he was junior clerk to Robert Smith, hide merchant, of Redcross Street, Liverpool.
Worked as a clerk, and had poetry published in the "Liverpool Mercury"; taught himself shorthand. Worked for the "Shrewsbury Chronicle" (1864), the local "Observer", and the "Shropshire News". Lived in Paris during 1869, and learned French.
Lucy married on 29 October 1873 Emily Anne (1847–1937), daughter of his old schoolmaster at Liverpool, John White. There were no children of the marriage.
British journalist; wrote for "Pall Mall Gazette" from 1870, for "Daily News" from 1873 (and of which he was the editor): and for "Punch" from 1881. Used the nom-de-plume "Toby, M.P." from 1881 to 1916. Wrote the weekly column ""The Essence of Parliament"" in "Punch" magazine for 35 years. When not writing under one of his pseudonyms, he was usually styled "Henry W. Lucy".
In 1880, he began writing for "The Observer" the "Cross bench" column, which continued for twenty-nine years.
His remarkable flair for politics and parliamentary affairs soon brought him to the front rank of his profession.
Lucy's lasting memorial is in the volumes he compiled from his "Punch" parliamentary sketches: "A Diary of Two Parliaments" (2 vols., 1885–6);" A Diary of the Salisbury Parliament, 1886–1892" (1892); "A Diary of the Home Rule Parliament, 1892–1895" (1896); "A Diary of the Unionist Parliament, 1895–1900" (1901); and "The Balfourian Parliament, 1900–1905" (1906). These amount to a history of the Commons in its heyday, and have been extensively mined by historians.
Knighted in 1909, he was the first lobby correspondent to be seen as the social equal of the politicians in the Commons whom he reported.
His London home was at 42 Ashley Gardens, and he was a member of the National Liberal Club.
He died of bronchitis at "Whitethorn", his country house at Hillside Street, Hythe, Kent in 1924, aged 81.
Sir Henry Lucy left a huge sum of money, over £250,000, and was probably the wealthiest Victorian journalist who was not also a newspaper proprietor.
In 1935, his widow Lady Lucy donated £1,000 to found the "Sir Henry Lucy Scholarship" at Merchant Taylors' School, Crosby.
There are several portraits of Sir Henry Lucy at the National Portrait Gallery, including one by John Singer Sargent.
Autobiographies.
"Sixty Years in the Wilderness"
Note: N the catalogue has indexed these volumes in the wrong order.
"The Diary of a Journalist"
Quotes.
by Henry Lucy.
"The physical energy with which this election speech was delivered was certainly very remarkable for a man in his seventy-fourth year. There is, however, unmistakeable evidence of pumping up in the Premier's (Beaconsfield's) latest oratorical feats. The vigour is spasmodic, the strength artificial, and the listener has a feeling that at any moment a spring may break, a screw go loose, and the whole machinery come to a sudden stop.
Gladstone's "tours de force" are perfectly natural. When after one of his great speeches he resumes his seat, he is, and often proves himself to be, ready to start again. With the Premier, the excitement of the moment over and the appointed task achieved, he falls into a state of prostration painful to witness. His eyes seem to lose all expression, his cheeks fall in, and his face takes on a ghastly hue. Physically he is at least ten years older than Gladstone." "A Diary of Two Parliaments"
"The House of Commons is unique in many ways. I believe the main foundation of the position it holds among the parliaments of the world is the condition of volunteered unremunerated service.
In spite of the sneers from disappointed or flippant persons, a seat in the House of Commons remains one of the highest prizes of citizen life. There is no reason why any constituency desiring to do so may not return a member on the terms of paying him a salary. It is done in several cases, in two at least with the happiest results.
It would be a different thing to throw the whole place open with standing advertisement for eligible Members at a salary. The horde of impecunious babblers and busybodies attracted by such a bait would trample down the class of man who compose the present House of Commons and who are, in various ways, in touch with all the multiform interests of the nation."
"I would rather have been editor of "Punch", than Emperor of India..."
"Yesterday Herbert Spencer died at Brighton. His natural temperament was such that many things that other men got along with placidly gave him acute pain. To put the incontestable fact another way, he was perhaps the most irascible man who has ever been faced by the inconvenience of other people presuming to inhabit the same globe"
about Henry Lucy.
President Woodrow Wilson credited Lucy with propelling him into public life, and described Lucy's articles in The Gentleman's Magazine as "the deciding impulse of life; vivid descriptions of Parliament, which took an enthralling hold on [my young imagination" "New York Times", 1912See also the dedication and letter in "Men and Manner in Parliament" (1919), and Chapter 1 ""The Orator"", which first appeared pseudonymously in "The Gentleman's Magazine" in 1874</ref>
"Never in the House, but always of it, Lucy seemed to occupy for a long time a position of his own, as a species of familiar spirit or licensed jester, without which no Parliament was complete."
"Times Obit.", 1924
The journalist and writer Frank Harris said of him that, "He met everyone, and knew no-one."
"Shackleton's naming an antarctic mountain after Sir Henry Lucy amuses me. I knew Lucy very well - a little toadie, who afterwards toadied himself into a title..." Ambrose Bierce, "letter", 1910 
Pseudonyms.
Toby, M.P.
The Member for the Chiltern Hundreds
The Member for "Barks"
Baron de Book-Worms
Other works.
Books.
"Gideon Fleyce" (1883) [http://www.archive.org/details/gideonfleyceano00lucygoog Online version at The Internet Archive
"East by West: a journey in the Recess" (1885) Online version at The Internet Archive
"A Diary Of Two Parliaments: The Disraeli Parliament, 1874-1880" (1885) Online version at The Internet Archive
"A Diary Of Two Parliaments: The Gladstone Parliament, 1880-1885" (1886) Online version at The Internet Archive
"A Popular Handbook of Parliamentary Procedure" (1886) Online version at The Internet Archive
"Faces and Places" (1892) Online version at Project Gutenberg
"A Diary of the Salisbury Parliament, 1886-1892" (1892) Online version at The Internet Archive
"The Right Honourable W. E. Gladstone: A Study from Life" (1895) Online version at The Internet Archive
"A Diary of the Home Rule Parliament, 1892-1895" (1896) Online version at The Internet Archive
"The Log of the Tantallon Castle" (1896)
"The Miller's Niece, and some distant connections" stories (1896)
"The Law and Practice of General Elections: A Popular Handbook" (1900)
"A Diary of the Unionist Parliament, 1895-1900" (1901) Online version at The Internet Archive
"Peeps at Parliament, taken from behind the Speaker's Chair" (1904) Online version at The Internet Archive
"Later peeps at Parliament, taken from behind the Speaker's Chair" (1905) Online version at The Internet Archive
"The Balfourian Parliament, 1900-1905" (1906) Online version at The Internet Archive
"Memories of Eight Parliaments" (1908) Online version at The Internet Archive
"Men and Manner in Parliament" (1919) Online version at The Internet Archive
"Lords and Commoners" (1921) Online version at The Internet Archive
Articles.
"Mr. Gladstone at Hawarden" (1882) Online version at Cornell University Library
"Glimpses Of Great Britons" (1882) Online version at Cornell University Library
"Hatfield House and the Marquess of Salisbury" (1885) Online version at Cornell University Library
"Men of the Salisbury Parliament" (1891) Online version at Cornell University Library
"Electioneering methods in England" (1892) Online version at Cornell University Library
"The Power of the British Press" (1896) Online version at Cornell University Library
"The Queen's Parliaments, Part I" (1897) Online version at Cornell University Library
"The Queen's Parliaments, Part II" (1897) Online version at Cornell University Library
and many more in "Punch", "Strand Magazine", "Harper's Magazine", "Cornhill Magazine", "The New York Times" and others.
Triva.
Mount Henry Lucy (3020m) in Antarctica was named after him by Shackleton in 1909, as thanks for Lucy's assistance in publicising his Nimrod Expedition and help in raising funds.

</doc>
<doc id="18716663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716663" title="Aaron Cook (taekwondo)">
Aaron Cook (taekwondo)

Aaron Arthur Cook (born 2 January 1991 in Dorchester, Dorset, England) is a British taekwondo athlete who fought at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He is the current -80kg European Champion and is ranked as World Number 2 in the −80 kg men's category. In December 2012 Cook confirmed a switch in allegiance from Great Britain to the Isle of Man. He intends to continue to represent Great Britain at Olympic level.
Education.
Cook attended Manor Park First School, St. Osmund's Middle School and the Thomas Hardye School, all in Dorchester. However, Cook never completed his GCSE examinations, as he was busy devoting his efforts and concentration on achieving Olympic success. He has however said he intends to return to full-time education once his fighting career has ended.
Breakthrough to seniors.
Cook made his breakthrough into senior competition at the 2007 Dutch Open Championships held in Eindhoven, aged 16. He took bronze in his debut seniors competition, losing to French athlete Torann Mazeroi 12–10 in the quarters.
The following week Cook appeared in the German Open Championships in Bonn to take his maiden senior open title. In the final he defeated fellow team member Davoud Etminani 12–11. He then went to compete and secured his place on the British team for the 2007 World Taekwondo Championships at a closed-door round robin competition held at Loughborough University. At the 2007 World Taekwondo Championship and on his debut he was drawn against Iceland in the first bout, he won on superiority over his opponent. In the second round he faced the toughest opponent of his young career, Hadi Saei of Iran who placed first at both the Madrid 2005 World Taekwondo Championships and the 2004 Olympics. Cook could not pass the experienced Iranian with a final score of 11–6.
Later in his debut year, Cook qualified for a spot on the British team for the 2008 Olympic Games by competing at the 2007 World Qualification Tournament held at the MEN Arena Manchester. In the first round he faced Ireland's Sean Joyce, Cook won 9–2. He won with the same score against Switzerland's Markus Jiskra. In the last 16 Cook faced Philippines' Briones. Cook secured a victory with a score of 5–2. However in the quarter finals Cook's tournament ended in a 5–3 defeat to the 6 ft 5in Italian Mauro Sarmiento.
2008 Summer Olympics.
In his Olympic debut Cook defeated Anju Jason representing the Marshall Islands. The match finished 7–0 in favour of Cook. The second match was against a higher class of competitor, but he defeated Carlos Vasquez of Venezuela 5–2. In the semi-finals Cook lost again 6–5 to Sarmiento.
After defeat in the semi finals this placed Cook in the bronze medal match of the repechage against Zhu Guo of China. Cook lost the match 4–1. He was baffled that a protest was not lodged against the result by his supporting team: "I am so gutted. I came so close. I thought the scoring was absolutely horrendous. I don't know what the judges were looking at, they must have been looking in the crowd.
'I never tried so much in a match, and it still wasn't enough, and then I didn't know what I had to do. I am miles better than that guy. The crowd didn't affect me, but it must have affected the scoring.
'I can't believe the scoring. Words can't explain how absolutely gutted I am to come so close to a medal. I had the right tactics. I'd have been five to six points ahead in any other taekwondo fight."
World Taekwondo Tour 2009 Mexico.
In the men’s −80 kg final match, Cook came from behind to defeat the American Steven López with a knockout victory. In the second round of the final match, he sent López, the five-time world champion and two-time Olympic medalist, to the floor with a headshot. After winning £17,880 Cook said "To beat the world champion makes it the greatest win in my career so far. It is amazing to take gold." 
2012 Summer Olympics.
Prior to the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Cook was involved in controversy relating to selection for the games. Although ranked number one in the world, Cook was overlooked by the GB selection team in favour of world ranked 59th, Lutalo Muhammad. With Cook considering legal action, his agent said "If the British world number one and reigning European Champion does not compete, it will be a national disgrace". "This is an embarrassment not only for the sport of taekwondo internationally, but also for Great Britain's international reputation in hosting the London 2012 Games." Much of the British Taekwondo community felt that Cook was overlooked due to leaving the GB taekwondo Training camp in Manchester to train with his own coaches. Team GB performance director Gary Hall commented on the controversy by saying that "In some ways, Aaron has a bigger marketing machine than the whole of GB Taekwondo." Women's world champion Sarah Stevenson defended the selection, saying that "To be world number one on a rankings system is not what taekwondo is, it doesn't mean you're the best in the world. I don't even care or know what ranking I am, and people need to realise this. It's really unfair that GB Taekwondo are getting criticised for not picking a world number one." However Martin Samuel of the "Daily Mail" noted that Stevenson is married to Steve Jennings, who is on the selection panel for GB Taekwondo.
Competitor for Isle of Man.
Following his omission from the Olympic roster, Cook announced that he would no longer compete for GB and would instead switch allegiances to the Isle of Man. He competed for the first time representing the Isle of Man at the 2013 Swedish Open, going on to win the gold medal in the −80 kg category.
Competing for the Isle of Man Aaron won a Gold medal at Pan American Open in Mexico in 2013 by beating Beat Mexico 15-3, Canada 16-4, USA 14-5 and Costa Rica in Final 12-3. He was also awarded best fighter in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18716675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716675" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Padang">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Padang

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Padang () is a diocese located in the city of Padang in the Ecclesiastical province of Medan in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18716689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716689" title="James Husband">
James Husband

James Husband is the recording project of James Huggins III, Of Montreal's multi-instrumentalist.
Biography.
James Husband is a recording alias for multi-instrumentalist/songwriter James Huggins III. In the group 'of Montreal' James recorded & toured as a core member from 1998 to 2010. He left the band after nearly 13 years in June 2010 yet is the only live band member to appear on every release up through 2012's "Daughter of Cloud" and the three previous releases since his departure (after recording on 5 albums between the band's debut "Cherry Peel" & 2005's "Sunlandic Twins" lp). James toured and recorded for well over a decade including performances at the Hollywood Bowl, Roseland Ballroom, The Palladium, and many cities in countries around the globe. James performed on national television in 'of Montreal' on both the "Late Show with David Letterman" & "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" as well as an acting role in the Nickelodeon show Yo Gabba Gabba for which he also recorded a separate Christmas song as James Husband. He also performed and recorded a live appearance in Tokyo for NHK with songwriter Robyn Hitchcock while on a Japanese tour with of Montreal. James is a founding member/multi-instrumentalist/songwriter for the band Great Lakes and recorded 3 albums and a few 7inch singles while touring with that group for 5 years. He was also a touring member of fellow Elephant 6 associated bands, Ladybug Transistor, The Essex Green, Marshmallow Coast, & B.P. Helium. James was more recently a touring member of Azure Ray (2010-2011). He is currently (2012–13) recording and performing live with the newest line-up of Elf Power as well as moonlighting with Scott Spillane's new project...E/X/P/. James is working on a 2013 full length album release partially including sessions with producer Mitch Easter culled from the remaining 'Stockholm sessions' from 2008-2011 mixed with brand new material recorded by members of the new live band featuring BP Helium, Dottie Alexander (of montreal/great lakes) and Jojo Glidewell (Modern Skirts).
Discography.
James has released several albums independently recorded and distributed exclusively on CD format. 
His first album, released in 2005, was entitled Now Listen, featured twelve original songs and three covers, The Beatles's "We Can Work It Out" and "What You're Doing", as well as "Indian Fables" by Guided by Voices. Now Listen was available during of Montreal's 2005 tour in support of "The Sunlandic Twins".
In 2008, he self-released Turning Tires which also contains a dozen original songs and a couple of covers. As with his previous works, it could only be found at live shows.
A vinyl-only split single with of Montreal was released in March 2009 on the independent, Athens, GA-based Happy Happy Birthday To Me Records. It featured James Husband's "A Grave In The Gravel".
A Parallax I, James' first full-length commercial release, was released on October 27, 2009 on Polyvinyl Record Co to generally favorable reviews. The CD was augmented by a 7-song bonus CD of covers by artists such as Tubeway Army, Buffalo Springfield, Guided By Voices, & The Beatles.
Live appearances.
James Husband made a full band debut as a live act by playing three shows in one day at the CMJ Music Marathon in NYC on Oct 23 2009. Though, J.H. & Dottie Alexander had performed dozens of shows prior as a two piece sometimes augmented by other e-6 collaborators.

</doc>
<doc id="18716691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716691" title="The McConnell Story">
The McConnell Story

The McConnell Story is a 1955 dramatization of the life and career of U.S. Air Force pilot Joseph C. McConnell (1922–1954), who served as a navigator in World War II before becoming the top American ace during the Korean War. He was killed while serving as a test pilot at Edwards Air Force Base in the Mojave Desert of California. The Warner Brothers production, filmed in CinemaScope and Warner Color, starred Alan Ladd as McConnell and June Allyson as his wife. Longtime Warners staff composer Max Steiner wrote the musical score for the film.
Production.
For a sequence depicting the rescue of a downed B-29 Superfortress crew that McConnell was trying to protect, a Sikorsky H-19 of the 48th Air Rescue Squadron, Eglin AFB, Florida, was deployed to Alexandria AFB, Louisiana, for seven days in February 1955. Captain E. R. Thone and Airman First Class Ronald K. Opitz, of the 48th ARS, were the crew for the helicopter, TDY to shoot the rescue sequence.
"Colonel William L. Orris, Commander Detachment No. 1, Air Force Operational Test Center at Kirtland AFB, New Mexico is the technical advisor for the film which will be released by Warner Brothers sometime this summer."
Shown on American Movie Classics, host Bob Dorian said that Ladd, who hated flying, filmed his scenes in mockups in front of blue screens. He also noted that Ladd and Allyson fell in love during filming; Ladd reportedly called Allyson's husband, actor/director Dick Powell, and told him, "I'm in love with your wife," to which Powell replied, "Everyone is in love with my wife."
Legacy.
This film helped establish the Missing Man Formation as part of military aviation culture.
Directed by Gordon Douglas, the film was released in the VHS home video format in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18716701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716701" title="National Space Council">
National Space Council

The National Space Council was a body within the Executive Office of the President of the United States, which existed from 1989 to 1993 during the administration of George H.W. Bush. It was a modified version of the earlier National Aeronautics and Space Council (1958-1973).
1958 - 1973 National Aeronautics and Space Council (NASC).
Established by the National Aeronautics and Space Act of 1958, the NASC was chaired by the President of the United States (then Dwight Eisenhower). Other members included the Secretaries of State and Defense, the NASA Administrator, the Chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission, and any additional members that the president chose to appoint.
The Council was allowed to employ a staff to be headed by a civilian executive secretary. Eisenhower did not use the NASC extensively during the remainder of his term. He did not fill the post of executive secretary but named an acting secretary on loan from NASA. At the end of his last year in office he recommended that the NASC be abolished. Shortly before assuming office, President-elect John F. Kennedy announced that he wanted his Vice President, Lyndon Johnson, to become chairman of the NASC, requiring an amendment of the Space Act.
Edward Cristy Welsh was the first executive secretary of the National Aeronautics and Space Council (NASC). Appointed in 1961 by President John F. Kennedy, he spent the 1960s as the principal advisor to the White House on space issues. He also assisted in the development of the legislation that created the Communications Satellite Corporation (COMSAT). After his retirement in 1969, he remained active as an advisor to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). Earlier, as a legislative aide to Senator Stuart Symington (D-Missouri), he helped draft the 1958 legislation that created NASA and the NASC.
1989 - 1993 National Space Council.
George H.W. Bush created the National Space Council by "Executive Order 12675". The Council was chaired by Vice President Dan Quayle and included the following members:
Disbanding.
On February 12, 1992, friction between the largely astronaut-based management at NASA and the National Space Council led to Richard Truly, then NASA Administrator and a former astronaut, being forced out. Truly was forced out after Vice President Quayle and the space council's executive director, Mark J. Albrecht, enlisted the aid of Samuel K. Skinner, the White House chief of staff, in urging Pres. Bush to remove Truly. Quayle and the council staff made the move because they felt Truly would impede a new plan to restructure and streamline many aspects of the space program, including the space agency administration.
In 1993, the Space Council was disbanded and its functions absorbed by the National Science and Technology Council.
Re-creation of the National Space Council.
President Barack Obama has promised to re-establish the National Aeronautics and Space Council upon taking office in an effort to bridge the gap between the civil and military space agencies. However, the status of the council's revival is currently unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18716721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716721" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Sibolga">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Sibolga

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sibolga () is a diocese located in the city of Sibolga in the Ecclesiastical province of Medan in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18716722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716722" title="Mohawk Hudson Bike/Hike Trail">
Mohawk Hudson Bike/Hike Trail

The Mohawk Hudson Hike/Bike Trail is a trail in New York's Mohawk Valley and Capital District. It is also the easternmost segment of the New York State Canalway Trail.
It starts on the west bank of the Hudson River in the Albany's Erastus Corning City Preserve, and travels northward to Cohoes. From there, an on-street bike route connects to the Mohawk River section. The trail continues west along the Mohawk River and New York State Barge Canal, with occasional on-road segments, ending in the Pattersonville section of Rotterdam.
After a 5.7 mile gap, the trail resumes near Amsterdam, and continues through the communities of Fultonville and Canojaharie, ending near Little Falls. After a 26 mile gap, the Canalway Trail resumes in Utica.
Much of the MHBHT is a rail trail, created from portions of the Schenectady and Troy Railroad. Although no longer in use, most of the portion from the Northway to Schenectady was still owned by the Penn Central railroad as of 1973.
There are a few gaps in the trail where it leaves the former railbed and follows local roads. One such section crosses under the Thaddeus Kosciusko Bridges, which carry Interstate 87 over the Mohawk River, and another travels through the city of Watervliet and the Village of Green Island, where the width between the Hudson River and Interstate 787 is insufficient for a trail.
It is generally regarded as the Capital District's premier linear park, and is the most heavily used, based on a 2007 survey of trail users. An estimated 241,000 individual user sessions per year occur on the trail.

</doc>
<doc id="18716725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716725" title="Poets &amp; Writers">
Poets &amp; Writers

Poets & Writers, Inc. is one of the largest nonprofit literary organizations in the United States serving poets, fiction writers, and creative nonfiction writers. The organization publishes a bi-monthly magazine called "Poets & Writers Magazine", and is headquartered in New York City.
History.
In 1970, the director of New York’s famed 92nd Street YM-YWHA Poetry Center, Galen Williams, leveraged seed money from the New York State Council on the Arts to launch a new organization for writers that would provide them with fees for giving readings and teaching workshops. The organization began in an apartment on the fringe of the Theater District. Since that time, "Poets & Writers" has grown into one of the largest nonprofit organizations in the country for writers of poetry, fiction, and creative nonfiction.
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, Poets & Writers cultivated new sources of revenue, enabling the organization to expand its programs and publications. Award-winning editorial and design changes elevated "Poets & Writers Magazine" to new subscription and advertising levels. The organization’s Readings/Workshops program was offered in new regions across the country, connecting writers and audiences in California, Chicago and Detroit, in addition to New York State, where the program began. And the Writers Exchange program, which would introduce writers to the New York literary community, was initiated.
In 2006, Poets & Writers successfully completed its first capital campaign, raising $3 million and establishing an endowment to bring the Readings/Workshops program to six new cities: Atlanta, Houston, New Orleans, Seattle, Tucson, and Washington, D.C.
Magazine.
"Poets & Writers Magazine" is a widely distributed bi-monthly magazine. The publication features literary-based news articles, critical reviews and interviews with prominent authors.
"Poets & Writers Magazine" also serves as a resource for thousands of writers, with up-to-date information on literary grants and awards, literary magazines, presses, jobs, author directories and literary events. It's been called the "must-have journal for scribes."
Beginning with the May/June 2010 issue, the magazine has been available in digital format.
Prizes sponsored.
Jackson Poetry Prize.
The Jackson Poetry Prize, established in 2006, honors an American poet of exceptional talent who has published at least one book of recognized literary merit but has not yet received major national acclaim. The $50,000 prize is designed to provide what all poets need—time and the encouragement to write. There is no application process for the Jackson Poetry Prize—nominees are identified by a group of poets selected by Poets & Writers who remain anonymous; final selection is made by a panel of esteemed poets.
The 2013 Jackson Poetry Prize was awarded to Arthur Sze. In previous years the award has gone to James Richardson (2011), Harryette Mullen (2010), Linda Gregg (2009), Tony Hoagland (2008), and Elizabeth Alexander (2007).
The Maureen Egen Writers Exchange Award.
Initiated in 1984, the Writers Exchange Award provides two emerging writers with an all-expenses-paid trip to New York where P&W arranges meetings with agents, editors, and prominent authors. The winners' visit culminates in a public reading in Manhattan.
Each year, two writers from one state are invited to submit manuscripts to Poets & Writers. To date, 76 writers from 30 states have received the Writers Exchange Award. Many of the winners have gone on to get their books published, receive other awards, and secure teaching positions. In 2007, a special grant enabled P&W to offer the Writers Exchange to two writers from California. Two writers from Missouri also received the Writers Exchange Award this year.
Writers who live in Tennessee are invited to apply for the 2009 Maureen Egen Writers Exchange Award.
The Amy Award.
The Amy Award is presented to women poets age 30 and under living in the New York City metropolitan area or on Long Island. Winners receive an honorarium and a reading in New York City. The award was established by Paula Trachtman and Edward Butscher of East Hampton, New York in memory of Ms. Trachtman's daughter, Amy Rothholz, an actor and poet.
Barnes & Noble Writers for Writers Award.
Established in 1996, the Barnes & Noble Writers for Writers Award, which is presented at P&W's annual dinner, recognizes authors who have given generously to other writers or to the broader literary community. Honorees are nominated by a committee composed of past winners, other prominent writers, and the Board of Directors of Poets & Writers. Title of the award has been given to Barnes & Noble in appreciation of their extraordinary support of Poets & Writers.

</doc>
<doc id="18716728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716728" title="Ministry for the Propagation of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice (Afghanistan)">
Ministry for the Propagation of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice (Afghanistan)

Afghanistan's Committee for the Propagation of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice (Amar Bil Maroof Wa Nahi An al-Munkar) was first instituted by the 1992 Rabbani regime, and adopted by the Taliban when they took power in 1996. In the book "Taliban" by Ahmed Rashid the ministry is referred to as the Department of the Promotion of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice. Maulvi Qalamuddin, the head of the ministry during the Taliban era, preferred the English translation Department of Religious Observances.
It was closed when the Taliban was ousted, but the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Afghanistan reinstated it in 2003.
In 2006 the Karzai regime submitted draft legislation to create a new department, under the Ministry for Haj and Religious Affairs, devoted to the ""Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice.""
"Radio Free Europe" quoted many Afghans who greeted news of the draft with alarm.
According to Radio Free Europe Ghazi Suleiman Hamed, the 
Deputy Minister for Haj and Religious Affairs,
assurances that the new Department would operate more benignly than the Taliban version:
Shukria Barekzai, a member of Afghanistan's National Legislature, greeted news of the legislation with the comment:

</doc>
<doc id="18716737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716737" title="Stephen Doutreleau">
Stephen Doutreleau

Stephen Doutreleau (born in France, 11 October 1693; date of death uncertain, after 1747, in France) was a French Jesuit missionary who ministered to Native Americans and colonists in present-day Illinois, Mississippi and Louisiana for 20 years.
Life.
He became a Jesuit novice at the age of twenty-two and migrated in 1727 to Louisiana, with a group of Ursuline nuns. Soon after his arrival, he was sent to the Illinois mission. In 1728 he was recorded at Post Vincennes, "the fort on the Wabash" , which was established about that time. 
On 1 January 1730, Doutreleau set out for New Orleans on business connected with the mission. In the previous two months, the Natchez Indians had massacred all the inhabitants of the small French village of Natchez and the Yazoo, a neighboring Indian tribe, also attacked the French. Two Jesuit missionaries, fathers Paul Du Poisson (resident priest of Arkansas Post who had been visiting Natchez) and Jean Rouel, were killed in these uprisings. 
Ignorant of the hostilities and accompanied by four or five French "voyageurs", Father Doutreleau landed at the mouth of the Yazoo River to offer up the Mass. The Yazoo attacked the small party, killing one of the Frenchmen and wounding the missionary. Doutreleau escaped to his canoe with two of his companions; they fled down the Mississippi. When they reached the French camp at Tunica Bay, their wounds were dressed. After a night's rest, they continued and made it to New Orleans without attacks. They had accomplished a journey of four hundred leagues through a hostile country. 
Shortly after, Father Doutreleau became chaplain of the French colonial troops in Louisiana. He accompanied them on one expedition. At his own request, he was sent back to the Illinois Indians, but how long he remained in the Illinois Country is uncertain. 
At one time Doutreleau was chaplain of the hospital at New Orleans. In 1747 he returned to France, after twenty years as a missionary in the Mississippi Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="18716742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716742" title="R50">
R50

R50 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18716756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716756" title="I Am Self Sufficient">
I Am Self Sufficient

I Am Self Sufficient () is a 1976 Italian comedy film directed by and starring Nanni Moretti.

</doc>
<doc id="18716768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716768" title="Alaska World War II Army Airfields">
Alaska World War II Army Airfields

During World War II, Alaska was a major United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) location for personnel, aircraft, and airfields to support Lend-Lease aid for the Soviet Union. In addition, it was in Alaska that the Empire of Japan
seized United States territory and as a result the USAAF was actively engaged in combat operations against them.
Airfelds.
Support/Transferred airfields.
In addition many minor airstrips were built for emergency landings. The mission of these bases primarily was the wartime defense of Alaska and the Aleutian Islands and to support the Aleutian Islands Campaign against Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18716779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716779" title="Elizaveta Voronyanskaya">
Elizaveta Voronyanskaya

Elizaveta Denisovna Voronyanskaya (died September 1973) was a typist for the manuscript of "The Gulag Archipelago", first published 26 December 1973, by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn. The manuscript for "The Gulag Archipelago" had already been smuggled out of the Soviet Union on microfilm. This work, a history of the Gulag prison camps, was ready for publication in New York and Paris by 1973 but Solzhenitsyn had wished for first publication in the Soviet Union. 
These plans were upset by the KGB which tortured Voronyanskaya; the KGB managed to uncover the hiding place of the manuscript. Voronyanskaya then hanged herself. Solzhenitsyn was arrested on 12 February 1974 and forced into exile in the West until his return to Russia two decades later.

</doc>
<doc id="18716786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716786" title="Time Further Out">
Time Further Out

Time Further Out is a 1961 release by the Dave Brubeck Quartet. It features the "Classic Quartet": pianist Dave Brubeck, alto saxophonist Paul Desmond, bassist Eugene Wright, and drummer Joe Morello. The album was recorded by engineer Fred Plaut and produced by Teo Macero.
Overview.
"Time Further Out" continues the Dave Brubeck Quartet's exploration of unusual time signatures that began on their 1959 album "Time Out". The tracks are ordered by the number of beats per bar, starting with "It's a Raggy Waltz" and "Bluette" in 3/4; "Charles Matthew Hallelujah", a tribute to his newborn son, in 4/4; "Far More Blue" and "Far More Drums" in 5/4; "Maori Blues" in 6/4; "Unsquare Dance" in 7/4; "Bru's Boogie Woogie" in 8/8; and concluding with "Blue Shadows in the Street" in 9/8. The time signatures are listed on the album's cover, where they are incorrectly referred to as "tempos". Like "Time Out", "Time Further Out"'s cover features a work of modern art: a painting by Catalan-Spanish artist Joan Miró.
Track listing.
All pieces were composed by Dave Brubeck.
The 1996 CD reissue adds the following tracks:
Charts.
The album charted, peaking at #8 on the Billboard 200. The track "Unsquare Dance", taken from the album, cracked the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at #74.

</doc>
<doc id="18716787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716787" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Pangkal-Pinang">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Pangkal-Pinang

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Pangkal-Pinang () is a diocese located in the city of Pangkal-Pinang in the Ecclesiastical province of Palembang in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18716794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716794" title="Mohammed Shafiq">
Mohammed Shafiq

Mohammed Shafiq (25 January 1979 in Manchester, England) is a founding member and Chief Executive of Ramadhan Foundation, a Muslim organisation based in Greater Manchester in the United Kingdom. He is also Head of News and Politics at the Ummah Channel.
Shafiq has spoken out against extremism and terrorism since 2001, and was the first UK Muslim leader to appear on BBC News to condemn the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack.
In October 2013 he was warned by anti-terrorist police about death threats being made by the Al-Shabaab terrorist group.
In January 2014 he led a campaign in reaction to Maajid Nawaz tweeting a cartoon from the Jesus and Mo series. He was criticized by many in the media and social media as whipping up hatred against Maajid Nawaz.
Ramadhan Foundation.
In August 2005 he was appointed as press spokesman of "The Ramadhan Foundation", a moderate group aimed at helping young Muslims in the United Kingdom and fostering interfaith dialogue.
Representing the Foundation, he has become a regular face across TV, radio and newspapers, responding to Muslim issues and making numerous statements on controversial subjects including forced marriages, honour killings, grooming of white teenagers, and drug dealers. He has been accused by MEP Daniel Hannan of being a "rent a quote" beloved of journalists for his controversial views, but more recently has been recognized for speaking honestly on controversial topics such as the cases of child grooming in Blackburn and Rochdale. He was also the first UK Muslim leader to appear on BBC News to condemn the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack.
Muslim Unity Convention.
Shafiq was the project manager for the 1st Muslim Unity Convention, held in the aftermath of the 7/7 attacks in 2005 in the city of Manchester at the magnificent Bridgewater Hall.
Shafiq was a member of the organising committee of the 2nd International Muslim Unity Convention held in October 2009 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Ummah Channel.
Ummah Channel was launched in November 2009 in the town of {Blackburn]] as an Islamic lifestyle channel catering for the needs of Muslims in the UK, Europe, North America, Africa and Asia.
Shafiq is a senior Presenter and Head of News and Politics on Ummah Channel and presents various shows including the world famous Debate Night show and also is the main English speaking presenter for special shows and broadcasts.
Media appearances.
Shafiq has appeared regularly on television and radio since 2005. He came to prominence when the then newly elected Pope, Benedict XVI, made a controversial speech in Germany during which he quoted a 14th Century Christian emperor who said all the Prophet Muhammad had brought the world was "evil and inhuman"; the speech had provoked protests by Muslims across the world. Shafiq appeared on Sky News and BBC News 24 to discuss this issue.
Shafiq also regularly reviews the newspapers on Stephen Nolan's weekend late night show on Fridays at midnight on BBC Radio 5 Live along with former Conservative MP {Jerry Hayes]].
Rochdale sex trafficking case.
In interviews and in published articles regarding the Rochdale sex trafficking gang, Shafiq has made controversial statements regarding members of the Pakistani community who had been involved in grooming girls, blaming them for harbouring a racist attitude towards white girls. He observed there was an over representation of Pakistani men convicted of child sexual exploitation and on street gang grooming in which the majority of victims are white. The groomers would exploit white girls for sex and abuse as "they should not have extra-marital sex with Pakistani girls inside their own tightly-knit communities".
Al-Shabaab threats.
In October 2013 Shafiq was alerted by anti-terrorist police that he and a number of other prominent Muslim figures in the UK had been targeted by a propaganda video created by Al-Shabaab, the terrorist group responsible for the attack on the Westgate shopping mall in Kenya: the video branded Shafiq and other Muslims for "selling out" and had urged jihadists in the UK to take action, citing the murder of Lee Rigby as an example to follow. Shafiq has been offered special protection by the police if there is any further sign of threat. Shafiq continues to campaign against terrorism and to give interviews.
Political affiliation.
Shafiq was a member of the Labour Party for two months in 1997 but resigned when the government introduced tuition fees against the promises before the election.
He is a supporter and member of the Liberal Democrats 
In February 2008 he was asked to resign as as vice-chairman of Rochdale Liberal Democrats, following comments he posted online under the name "Deeplish Lad", accusing a colleague of racism and using "tricks from the BNP handbook" - a move said by Lib Dem sources to be "the final straw".
Maajid Nawaz Controversy.
In January 2014 Liberal Democrat Prospective Parliamentary Candidate Maajid Nawaz, a Muslim, posted a "Jesus and Mo" image on his twitter account. The image depicts Jesus saying "hey" and Mohammed saying "How ya doin". Mohammed Shafiq then posted on twitter "We will notify all muslim organisations in the UK of his despicable behaviour and also notify Islamic countries due to Maajid Nawaz having ambition to get funding to working in Muslim countries ." Shafiq further Tweeted "Ghustaki Rasool Quilliam," so linking Nawaz's anti-extremist think tank with an Urdu term which means "defamer of the prophet" in Urdu, which under Islamic law is a crime that carries a death penalty. Maajid Nawaz has since received a number of death threats. Shafiq also reportedly organized an on-line petition to Nick Clegg to have Nawaz removed as a Liberal Democrat candidate, though when the organizers of the petition, named as SA et al, were contacted by the press they distanced themselves from Shafiq, adding, "Incitement to murder is completely unjustified."
An online petition with more than 6000 signatures (as of 26/01/14) was meanwhile created calling for Nick Clegg to discipline Mohammed Shafiq.
Personal life.
Shafiq attended Springhill High School in Rochdale and Bury College in Lancashire and is married with three daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="18716822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716822" title="Henry C. Nevins Home for Aged and Incurables">
Henry C. Nevins Home for Aged and Incurables

Henry C. Nevins Home for Aged and Incurables was built in 1906 at 110 Broadway, Methuen, Massachusetts. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It and the Nevins Memorial Library, located at 305 Broadway were built by for Henry C. Nevins and his family as a memorial to his father, David C. Nevins, Sr. Both buildings were listed on the National Register on the same day.
History.
The Nevins Home was built on the site of the home of Charles Ingalls, one of Methuen's early hat manufacturers. The property was acquired in 1905 by the executors for the estate of Julie F. H. Nevins who died in 1904. Mrs. Nevins left $100,000, plus an endowment, for construction of the Henry C. Nevins Home for Aged and Incurable. Ground breaking began in June 1905 and dedication of the new facility took place in July of the following year.
Current Use.
The original Nevins Home remained in operation from 1906 until 1997 when it was renovated to provide 44 studio and one bedroom HUD-subsidized apartments for the elderly. A much larger modern nursing care facility was constructed behind the original structure. The facility remains the center piece of the Nevins Family of Services, a non-profit organization still serving the Merrimack Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="18716834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716834" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Tanjungkarang">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tanjungkarang

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tanjungkarang () is a diocese located in the city of Tanjungkarang in the Ecclesiastical province of Palembang in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18716842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716842" title="Otto Manninen">
Otto Manninen

Otto Manninen (13 August 1872, Kangasniemi – 6 April 1950, Helsinki) was a Finnish writer, poet, and a celebrated translator of world classics into Finnish language. Along with Eino Leino in the early 20th century, he is considered as a pioneer of Finnish poetry. Manninen translated the works of Homer, Sophocles, Euripides, Heine, Ibsen, Petőfi and Runeberg into Finnish.
Life.
Manninen was born in Kangasniemi as a farmer's son. He was one of the ten children of Topias and Matilda Manninen. After passing the matriculation examination in 1892, he was admitted into the University of Helsinki, receiving his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1897. From 1898-99 he was an assistant editor of the periodical "Valvoja". His early translations of Heinrich Heine were published in "Koitar", the student magazine of the university, in 1897. Parts of Heine's "Saksanmaa" ("Deutschland. Ein Wintermärchen") were published in "Valvoja" in 1900 while the complete translation was published in 1904.
From 1907–1909 Manninen worked for the Finnish National Theatre. In 1913 he became a teacher of Finnish language at the University of Helsinki, where he remained until 1937. Manninen was a member of editorial staff of several non-fiction books, including an encyclopedia named "Tietosanakirja" (1909–21), and the chairperson of the National Council for Literature for nearly fifteen years. During the Civil War (1918), Manninen supported the legal government and was a member of the Civil Guards.
On 10 February 1907, Manninen married Anni Swan, a noted author of fairy tales and children's books. They had three sons, Antero (1907–2000), Sulevi (1909–36), and Mauno (1915–1969). From the 1910s on, the Manninen family spent their summers on the island of Kotavuori in Puulavesi, where they built a house. In the serene environment of Kotavuori, Manninen spent most of his time writing poems and completing his translations.
In 1939, he received the Hungarian PEN Club medal. Manninen died in Helsinki on 6 April 1950 after a short period of illness. In 1954, his statue by the sculptor Wäinö Aaltonen was installed in Mikkeli.
Literary works.
Manninen's first anthology of poems "Säkeitä I" was published in 1905. A number of poems from this collection had already appeared in other anthologies. In this work, Manninen used his huge vocabulary of old written language, to archaisms and his own neologisms, which went unnoticed. The reviews considered it difficult due to its compressed expression.
Manninen published his works at long intervals. In 1910, his second collection of poems, "Säkeitä II" was published. Again, it took another 15 years to finish his next work, "Virrantyven" (1925). "Virrantyven" mostly consists of the poems written on various anniversaries, translations, and patriotic poems written in the aftermath of the Civil War of 1918.
Manninen's last collection of poems during his lifetime, "Matkamies", was published in 1938. It included several poems, such as "Nyt" (now) and "Kaukainen tie" (distant road), which dealt with the loss of his son Sulevi. In these poems, Manninen described him as a guiding star, helping his father to accept his own fate. An anthology of his poems, "Muistojen tie", was published posthumously from the poet's literary estate in 1951.
Manninen translated a number of world classics into Finnish, including Sophocles's Oedipus the King (1937), Euripides's Medeia (1949), Homer's Iliad (1919) and Odyssey (1924) and Goethe's Faust (second part 1934, first part 1936) and Hermann and Dorothea (1929). In his translations, Manninen tried to be faithful to the original.
He translated a number of works of the Swedish-speaking national poet of Finland, Johan Ludvig Runeberg. He along with Juhani Aho, Paavo Cajander, Arvi Jännes, Eino Leino and Alpo Noponen translated Runeberg’s "Fänrik Ståls sägner" ("Vänrikki Stoolin tarinat" in Finnish) in 1909. He translated also Runebarg’s "Hanna" (1940), "Kung Fjalar" (1944) and "Nadeschda" (1948).

</doc>
<doc id="18716845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716845" title="I Love Melvin">
I Love Melvin

I Love Melvin is a 1953 American Technicolor MGM musical and dancing comedy film directed by Don Weis starring Donald O'Connor and Debbie Reynolds. 
Plot.
Small-time actress Judy Schneider dreams of becoming a Hollywood star even as she struggles along playing a human football in a kitschy Broadway musical. One day in Central Park she bumps into Melvin, the bumbling assistant to a "Look" magazine photographer. Melvin is smitten with Judy and endures disapproval from her father who wants her to marry Harry Flack, the boring heir to a paper box company. He exaggerates his importance at the magazine in order to impress Judy and her family and promises to get her on the cover, using the photo shoots as an excuse to spend time with her. His charade is exposed when her picture doesn't appear on the cover and she discovers that he is just a lowly assistant. Too ashamed to face her, Melvin abandons his job and disappears into Central Park. While hiding in the Park he sees Judy's picture on the cover of "Look" and discovers that the editor made her a cover girl so he would see it and come out of hiding. 
Reception.
According to MGM records the film earned $1,316,000 in the US and Canada and $654,000 overseas, resulting in a loss of $290,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18716854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716854" title="Mike Jackson (left-handed pitcher)">
Mike Jackson (left-handed pitcher)

Michael Warren Jackson (born March 27, 1946 in Paterson, New Jersey) is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher. He pitched from 1970-1973 for the Philadelphia Phillies, St. Louis Cardinals, Kansas City Royals and Cleveland Indians.
Jackson made his major league debut with the Phillies against the Los Angeles Dodgers on May 10, 1970, in which he pitched the final 1.1 innings in a 7-0 loss, giving up three hits, walking one and striking out one. The very first batter he faced was future Baseball Hall of Fame pitcher Don Sutton. During the at bat, the Dodgers pulled off a double steal, with Willie Crawford stealing home. Sutton then doubled to score the Dodgers' final run of the game.
He appeared in as many as 10 games in a season once, in 1973. After being traded from the Royals to the Indians on June 8, 1973, Jackson pitched in his final game on July 27, 1973. During a four-year baseball career, he compiled 2 wins, 33 strikeouts, and a 5.80 earned run average.

</doc>
<doc id="18716879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716879" title="A-class minehunter (Turkey)">
A-class minehunter (Turkey)

The A Class is a class of minehunter vessels in the Turkish Navy. In 1999, the German shipyards Lürssen and Abeking & Rasmussen were contracted to build six Frankenthal class ships for the Turkish Navy, a business worth US$630 million. While the first vessel was built in Germany, later ships were constructed by the Istanbul Naval Shipyard.
The Turkish Navy has become the second naval force in the world, after the German Navy, to utilize a non-magnetic steel hull in its minehunter vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="18716883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716883" title="Domnall mac Áeda Muindeirg">
Domnall mac Áeda Muindeirg

Domnall mac Áeda Muindeirg (died 804) was a chief of the Cenél Conaill of the northern Uí Néill in modern County Donegal and sometimes styled "King of the North". He was the son of Áed Muinderg (died 747) and grandson of the high king Flaithbertach mac Loingsig (died 765).
During the eighth century the Cenél Conaill vied with the rival Cenél nEógain for supremacy in the north. His father had been recognized as King of the North as the representative of the high king Domnall Midi (died 763) of the Clann Cholmáin of the southern Ui Neill. However his successors were not and in 763 Niall Frossach (died 778) of the Cenél nEógain had acquired the high kingship of Ireland.
Domnall succeeded his uncle Murchad mac Flaithbertaig as King of the Cenél Conaill upon his assassination in 767. Domnall began to make a bid for supremacy in the north upon the abdication of Niall Frossach in 770 or 772. In 779 the new high king Donnchad Midi (died 797) of Clann Cholmáin made an expedition to the north and took hostages from Domnall who is given the title King of the North in the annals at this time. Domnall asserted his authority with a victory over the Cenél mBógaine, (a branch of the Cenél Conaill in the barony of Banagh, County Donegal) in 784.
In 787 Domnall was defeated in battle by Máel Dúin mac Áedo Alláin (died 788) of the Cenél nEógain and lost his supremacy in the north. Upon the death of Máel Dúin, Domnall made a bid to ragain his supremacy but was defeated in 789 at the Battle of Clóitech (now Clady on the River Finn) by Áed Oirdnide (died 819) of the Cenél nEógain. Áed Oirdnide became high king of Ireland in 798. Domnall was recognized as King of the North in his death notice in the annals in 804 but the circumstances of how he recovered the title are not known.

</doc>
<doc id="18716915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716915" title="Soda Springs High School">
Soda Springs High School

Soda Springs High School is a high school in Soda Springs, Idaho.
Famous Alumni.
David Archer - former NFL quarterback. The football field is named "Archer Field" in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18716916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716916" title="Euro Alliance of Payment Schemes">
Euro Alliance of Payment Schemes

The Euro Alliance of Payment Schemes (EAPS) is an international alliance of European bank and interbank networks with the aim of creating a pan-European debit card system. The Brussels-based consortium, formally announced in July 2007, includes such members as Electronic Cash in Germany, PagoBancomat/Bancomat in Italy, Multibanco in Portugal, EURO 6000 in Spain, LINK in the United Kingdom and EUFISERV, an ATM system operated internationally by the European Savings Banks Group. Though not allying itself with EAPS, the European Central Bank spoke in February 2007 in favor of the work being done by EAPS as "the first step towards a consolidation of card schemes, leading to a European card scheme". Prior to the implementation of the EAPS alliance, only MasterCard/Maestro and Visa/V PAY debit cards could be used abroad in Europe. EAPS was first initiated particularly to challenge MasterCard's hold on international debit payments.
According to European Card Review in 2007, EAPS was expected to play a less pivotal role in spreading the Single Euro Payments Area initiative than larger schemes such as the "Falkensteiner Group" which they believed to include UniCredit, Société Générale, ING and Deutsche Bank, but was nevertheless capable of a "marginal" role. The "Falkensteiner Runde" ("Falkensteiner Circle") - according to the Lafferty Group to consist of ABN AMRO, Allianz Dresdner, ING, Rabobank, UniCredit,
Deutsche Bank, Société Générale and Commerzbank - is discussing an alternative interbank network based on the German girocard network joined by the French Carte Bancaire network. About the same time in early 2007 another initiative was formed in the "PayFair" company in Brussels to implement the European Payment Scheme. This effort is building an infrastructure from scratch focussing at first to rebuild the POS (i.e. non-bank) infrastructure in Belgium and Netherlands as of 2008 and it is expanding to Germany during 2010 via "easycash" terminals. Founded in 2008, the "Monnet Project" was unveiled in Frankfurt in 2009 listing the same members as reported earlier on the Falkensteiner Circle. Later reports cite these three elements - Monnet Project, PayFair scheme, EAPS council - as the driving forces behind SEPA-centric alternatives for debit card networks.
Meanwhile the EAPS announced the bilateral cooperation of ATM interbank networks, namely the German Girocard acceptance at Italian Bancomat ATMs, Italian Bancomat card acceptance at German Girocard ATMs and German Girocard acceptance at UK LINK ATMs. Independently the European savings banks had created the pan-European EUFISERV network to mutually accept debit cards at their ATMs - Eufiserv is a founder of the EAPS council.
On May 5, 2010 the Monnet Project held a meeting in Madrid to endorse a European Card Project. From the 30 banks that were attending it occurred that 12 banks from 8 countries volunteered to join a consortium phase to detail the technical requirements and to prepare treaties on the foundation of a new bankcard payment company. The ECB has welcomed these steps pointing the China UnionPay example that a new bankcard brand can quickly gain acceptance (the CUP is now accepted in 29 European countries plus 60 more countries worldwide) Before the end of 2010 the results of the consortium phase shall lead into a definite decision to build a new bankcard infrastructure.

</doc>
<doc id="18716920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716920" title="Lincoln County High School (Lincolnton, Georgia)">
Lincoln County High School (Lincolnton, Georgia)

Lincoln County High School is a high school in Lincolnton, Georgia. Their motto is "Forever Learning, Forever Leading".

</doc>
<doc id="18716921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716921" title="Danatinia">
Danatinia

Danatinia casca is an extinct lamprid from Danata Formation Lagerstatten, of the Upper Paleocene of Turkmenistan. It was first named by Daniltshenko in 1968.
"D. casca" was sympatric with its close relative, "Turkmene". In life, it would have resembled a very small opah.

</doc>
<doc id="18716922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716922" title="William Jennings Demorest">
William Jennings Demorest

William Jennings Demorest (aka W. Jennings Demorest) (1822–1895), from New York City, was an American magazine publisher, national prohibition leader, and, in collaboration with his second wife, Ellen Demorest, née Curtis, attained international success from his wife's development of paper patterns for sewing fashion apparel of the day. Together, they built a fashion manufacturing and merchandising empire from it. 
He and his wife launched five magazines and started a cosmetics company. He individually patented a sewing machine and a velocipede.
Demorest harbored lifelong political and religious aspirations. He is widely known for being a Prohibition activist and ran for Mayor of New York City on the Prohibition ticket. He also organized the Anti-Nuisance League.
Town Named for Demorest.
"In 1889, a group of people from Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Ohio, and Indiana moved to Georgia to found a community which would have high moral standards. They decided that anyone who permitted drinking alcoholic beverages, gambling, or prostitution would forfeit their property." Jennings "Demorest formed the Demorest Home, Mining, and Improvement Company to make that dream a reality. On November 13, 1889, the town was incorporated and named "Demorest" in honor of the great Prohibition leader".

</doc>
<doc id="18716923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716923" title="Algebra">
Algebra

Algebra (from Arabic "al-jebr" meaning "reunion of broken parts") is one of the broad parts of mathematics, together with number theory, geometry and analysis. As such, it includes everything from elementary equation solving to the study of abstractions such as groups, rings, and fields. The more basic parts of algebra are called elementary algebra, the more abstract parts are called abstract algebra or modern algebra. Elementary algebra is essential for any study of mathematics, science, or engineering, as well as such applications as medicine and economics. Abstract algebra is a major area in advanced mathematics, studied primarily by professional mathematicians. Much early work in algebra, as the origin of its name suggests, was done in the Near East, by such mathematicians as Omar Khayyam (1050-1123).
Elementary algebra differs from arithmetic in the use of abstractions, such as using letters to stand for numbers that are either unknown or allowed to take on many values. For example, in formula_1 the letter formula_2 is unknown, but the law of inverses can be used to discover its value: formula_3. In formula_4, the letters formula_5 and formula_6 are variables, and the letter formula_7 is a constant. Algebra gives methods for solving equations and expressing formulas that are much easier (for those who know how to use them) than the older method of writing everything out in words.
The word "algebra" is also used in certain specialized ways. A special kind of mathematical object in abstract algebra is called an "algebra", and the word is used, for example, in the phrases linear algebra and algebraic topology (see below).
A mathematician who does research in algebra is called an algebraist.
How to distinguish between different meanings of "algebra".
For historical reasons, the word "algebra" has several related meanings in mathematics, as a single word or with qualifiers. Such a situation, where a single word has many meanings in the same area of mathematics, may be confusing. However the distinction is easier if one recalls that the name of a scientific area is usually singular and without an article and the name of a specific structure requires an article or the plural. Thus we have:
Algebra as a branch of mathematics.
Algebra began with computations similar to those of arithmetic, with letters standing for numbers. This allowed proofs of properties that are true no matter which numbers are involved. For example, in the quadratic equation
formula_9 can be any numbers whatsoever (except that formula_10 cannot be formula_11), and the quadratic formula can be used to quickly and easily find the value of the unknown quantity formula_2. 
As it developed, algebra was extended to other non-numerical objects, such as vectors, matrices, and polynomials. Then the structural properties of these non-numerical objects were abstracted to define algebraic structures such as groups, rings, and fields.
Before the 16th century, mathematics was divided into only two subfields, arithmetic and geometry. Even though some methods, which had been developed much earlier, may be considered nowadays as algebra, the emergence of algebra and, soon thereafter, of infinitesimal calculus as subfields of mathematics only dates from 16th or 17th century. From the second half of 19th century on, many new fields of mathematics appeared, most of which made use of both arithmetic and geometry, and almost all of which used algebra.
Today, algebra has grown until it includes many branches of mathematics, as can be seen in the Mathematics Subject Classification
where none of the first level areas (two digit entries) is called "algebra". Today algebra includes section 08-General algebraic systems, 12-Field theory and polynomials, 13-Commutative algebra, 15-Linear and multilinear algebra; matrix theory, 16-Associative rings and algebras, 17-Nonassociative rings and algebras, 18-Category theory; homological algebra, 19-K-theory and 20-Group theory. Algebra is also used extensively in 11-Number theory and 14-Algebraic geometry.
Etymology.
The word "algebra" comes from the Arabic language ( "" "restoration") from the title of the book "Ilm al-jabr wa'l-muḳābala" by al-Khwarizmi. The word entered the English language during Late Middle English from either Spanish, Italian, or Medieval Latin. Algebra originally referred to a surgical procedure, and still is used in that sense in Spanish, while the mathematical meaning was a later development.
History.
The start of algebra as an area of mathematics may be dated to the end of 16th century, with François Viète's work. Until the 19th century, algebra consisted essentially of the theory of equations. In the following, "Prehistory of algebra" is about the results of the theory of equations that precede the emergence of algebra as an area of mathematics.
Prehistory of algebra.
The roots of algebra can be traced to the ancient Babylonians, who developed an advanced arithmetical system with which they were able to do calculations in an algorithmic fashion. The Babylonians developed formulas to calculate solutions for problems typically solved today by using linear equations, quadratic equations, and indeterminate linear equations. By contrast, most Egyptians of this era, as well as Greek and Chinese mathematics in the 1st millennium BC, usually solved such equations by geometric methods, such as those described in the "Rhind Mathematical Papyrus", Euclid's "Elements", and "The Nine Chapters on the Mathematical Art". The geometric work of the Greeks, typified in the "Elements", provided the framework for generalizing formulae beyond the solution of particular problems into more general systems of stating and solving equations, although this would not be realized until mathematics developed in medieval Islam.
By the time of Plato, Greek mathematics had undergone a drastic change. The Greeks created a geometric algebra where terms were represented by sides of geometric objects, usually lines, that had letters associated with them. Diophantus (3rd century AD) was an Alexandrian Greek mathematician and the author of a series of books called "Arithmetica". These texts deal with solving algebraic equations, and have led, in number theory to the modern notion of Diophantine equation.
Earlier traditions discussed above had a direct influence on Muhammad ibn Mūsā al-Khwārizmī (c. 780–850). He later wrote "The Compendious Book on Calculation by Completion and Balancing", which established algebra as a mathematical discipline that is independent of geometry and arithmetic.
The Hellenistic mathematicians Hero of Alexandria and Diophantus as well as Indian mathematicians such as Brahmagupta continued the traditions of Egypt and Babylon, though Diophantus' "Arithmetica" and Brahmagupta's "Brahmasphutasiddhanta" are on a higher level. For example, the first complete arithmetic solution (including zero and negative solutions) to quadratic equations was described by Brahmagupta in his book "Brahmasphutasiddhanta". Later, Arabic and Muslim mathematicians developed algebraic methods to a much higher degree of sophistication. Although Diophantus and the Babylonians used mostly special "ad hoc" methods to solve equations, Al-Khwarizmi contribution was fundamental. He solved linear and quadratic equations without algebraic symbolism, negative numbers or zero, thus he has to distinguish several types of equations.
In the context where algebra is identified with the theory of equations, the Greek mathematician Diophantus has traditionally been known as the "father of algebra" but in more recent times there is much debate over whether al-Khwarizmi, who founded the discipline of "al-jabr", deserves that title instead. Those who support Diophantus point to the fact that the algebra found in "Al-Jabr" is slightly more elementary than the algebra found in "Arithmetica" and that "Arithmetica" is syncopated while "Al-Jabr" is fully rhetorical. Those who support Al-Khwarizmi point to the fact that he introduced the methods of "reduction" and "balancing" (the transposition of subtracted terms to the other side of an equation, that is, the cancellation of like terms on opposite sides of the equation) which the term "al-jabr" originally referred to, and that he gave an exhaustive explanation of solving quadratic equations, supported by geometric proofs, while treating algebra as an independent discipline in its own right. His algebra was also no longer concerned "with a series of problems to be resolved, but an exposition which starts with primitive terms in which the combinations must give all possible prototypes for equations, which henceforward explicitly constitute the true object of study". He also studied an equation for its own sake and "in a generic manner, insofar as it does not simply emerge in the course of solving a problem, but is specifically called on to define an infinite class of problems".
The Persian mathematician Omar Khayyam is credited with identifying the foundations of algebraic geometry and found the general geometric solution of the cubic equation. Another Persian mathematician, Sharaf al-Dīn al-Tūsī, found algebraic and numerical solutions to various cases of cubic equations. He also developed the concept of a function. The Indian mathematicians Mahavira and Bhaskara II, the Persian mathematician Al-Karaji, and the Chinese mathematician Zhu Shijie, solved various cases of cubic, quartic, quintic and higher-order polynomial equations using numerical methods. In the 13th century, the solution of a cubic equation by Fibonacci is representative of the beginning of a revival in European algebra. As the Islamic world was declining, the European world was ascending. And it is here that algebra was further developed.
History of algebra.
François Viète's work at the close of the 16th century marks the start of the classical discipline of algebra. In 1637, René Descartes published "La Géométrie", inventing analytic geometry and introducing modern algebraic notation. Another key event in the further development of algebra was the general algebraic solution of the cubic and quartic equations, developed in the mid-16th century. The idea of a determinant was developed by Japanese mathematician Kowa Seki in the 17th century, followed independently by Gottfried Leibniz ten years later, for the purpose of solving systems of simultaneous linear equations using matrices. Gabriel Cramer also did some work on matrices and determinants in the 18th century. Permutations were studied by Joseph-Louis Lagrange in his 1770 paper "Réflexions sur la résolution algébrique des équations" devoted to solutions of algebraic equations, in which he introduced Lagrange resolvents. Paolo Ruffini was the first person to develop the theory of permutation groups, and like his predecessors, also in the context of solving algebraic equations.
Abstract algebra was developed in the 19th century, deriving from the interest in solving equations, initially focusing on what is now called Galois theory, and on constructibility issues. The "modern algebra" has deep nineteenth-century roots in the work, for example, of Richard Dedekind and Leopold Kronecker and profound interconnections with other branches of mathematics such as algebraic number theory and algebraic geometry. George Peacock was the founder of axiomatic thinking in arithmetic and algebra. Augustus De Morgan discovered relation algebra in his "Syllabus of a Proposed System of Logic". Josiah Willard Gibbs developed an algebra of vectors in three-dimensional space, and Arthur Cayley developed an algebra of matrices (this is a noncommutative algebra).
Topics containing the word "algebra".
Areas of mathematics:
Many mathematical structures are called algebras:
Elementary algebra.
Elementary algebra is the most basic form of algebra. It is taught to students who are presumed to have no knowledge of mathematics beyond the basic principles of arithmetic. In arithmetic, only numbers and their arithmetical operations (such as +, −, ×, ÷) occur. In algebra, numbers are often represented by symbols called variables (such as "a", "n", "x", "y" or "z"). This is useful because:
Polynomials.
A polynomial is an expression that is the sum of a finite number of non-zero terms, each term consisting of the product of a constant and a finite number of variables raised to whole number powers. For example, "x"2 + 2"x" − 3 is a polynomial in the single variable "x". A polynomial expression is an expression that may be rewritten as a polynomial, by using commutativity, associativity and distributivity of addition and multiplication. For example, ("x" − 1)("x" + 3) is a polynomial expression, that, properly speaking, is not a polynomial. A polynomial function is a function that is defined by a polynomial, or, equivalently, by a polynomial expression. The two preceding examples define the same polynomial function.
Two important and related problems in algebra are the factorization of polynomials, that is, expressing a given polynomial as a product of other polynomials that can not be factored any further, and the computation of polynomial greatest common divisors. The example polynomial above can be factored as ("x" − 1)("x" + 3). A related class of problems is finding algebraic expressions for the roots of a polynomial in a single variable.
Teaching algebra.
It has been suggested that elementary algebra should be taught as young as eleven years old, though in recent years it is more common for public lessons to begin at the eighth grade level (≈ 13 y.o. ±) in the United States.
Since 1997, Virginia Tech and some other universities have begun using a personalized model of teaching algebra that combines instant feedback from specialized computer software with one-on-one and small group tutoring, which has reduced costs and increased student achievement.
Abstract algebra.
Abstract algebra extends the familiar concepts found in elementary algebra and arithmetic of numbers to more general concepts. Here are listed fundamental concepts in abstract algebra.
Sets: Rather than just considering the different types of numbers, abstract algebra deals with the more general concept of "sets": a collection of all objects (called elements) selected by property specific for the set. All collections of the familiar types of numbers are sets. Other examples of sets include the set of all two-by-two matrices, the set of all second-degree polynomials ("ax"2 + "bx" + "c"), the set of all two dimensional vectors in the plane, and the various finite groups such as the cyclic groups, which are the groups of integers modulo "n". Set theory is a branch of logic and not technically a branch of algebra.
Binary operations: The notion of addition (+) is abstracted to give a "binary operation", ∗ say. The notion of binary operation is meaningless without the set on which the operation is defined. For two elements "a" and "b" in a set "S", "a" ∗ "b" is another element in the set; this condition is called closure. Addition (+), subtraction (-), multiplication (×), and division (÷) can be binary operations when defined on different sets, as are addition and multiplication of matrices, vectors, and polynomials.
Identity elements: The numbers zero and one are abstracted to give the notion of an "identity element" for an operation. Zero is the identity element for addition and one is the identity element for multiplication. For a general binary operator ∗ the identity element "e" must satisfy "a" ∗ "e" = "a" and "e" ∗ "a" = "a". This holds for addition as "a" + 0 = "a" and 0 + "a" = "a" and multiplication "a" × 1 = "a" and 1 × "a" = "a". Not all sets and operator combinations have an identity element; for example, the set of positive natural numbers (1, 2, 3, ...) has no identity element for addition.
Inverse elements: The negative numbers give rise to the concept of "inverse elements". For addition, the inverse of "a" is written −"a", and for multiplication the inverse is written "a"−1. A general two-sided inverse element "a"−1 satisfies the property that "a" ∗ "a"−1 = 1 and "a"−1 ∗ "a" = 1 .
Associativity: Addition of integers has a property called associativity. That is, the grouping of the numbers to be added does not affect the sum. For example: . In general, this becomes ("a" ∗ "b") ∗ "c" = "a" ∗ ("b" ∗ "c"). This property is shared by most binary operations, but not subtraction or division or octonion multiplication.
Commutativity: Addition and multiplication of real numbers are both commutative. That is, the order of the numbers does not affect the result. For example: 2 + 3 = 3 + 2. In general, this becomes "a" ∗ "b" = "b" ∗ "a". This property does not hold for all binary operations. For example, matrix multiplication and quaternion multiplication are both non-commutative.
Groups.
Combining the above concepts gives one of the most important structures in mathematics: a group. A group is a combination of a set "S" and a single binary operation ∗, defined in any way you choose, but with the following properties:
If a group is also commutative—that is, for any two members "a" and "b" of "S", "a" ∗ "b" is identical to "b" ∗ "a"—then the group is said to be abelian.
For example, the set of integers under the operation of addition is a group. In this group, the identity element is 0 and the inverse of any element "a" is its negation, −"a". The associativity requirement is met, because for any integers "a", "b" and "c", ("a" + "b") + "c" = "a" + ("b" + "c")
The nonzero rational numbers form a group under multiplication. Here, the identity element is 1, since 1 × "a" = "a" × 1 = "a" for any rational number "a". The inverse of "a" is 1/"a", since "a" × 1/"a" = 1.
The integers under the multiplication operation, however, do not form a group. This is because, in general, the multiplicative inverse of an integer is not an integer. For example, 4 is an integer, but its multiplicative inverse is ¼, which is not an integer.
The theory of groups is studied in group theory. A major result in this theory is the classification of finite simple groups, mostly published between about 1955 and 1983, which separates the finite simple groups into roughly 30 basic types.
Semigroups, quasigroups, and monoids are structures similar to groups, but more general. They comprise a set and a closed binary operation, but do not necessarily satisfy the other conditions. A semigroup has an "associative" binary operation, but might not have an identity element. A monoid is a semigroup which does have an identity but might not have an inverse for every element. A quasigroup satisfies a requirement that any element can be turned into any other by either a unique left-multiplication or right-multiplication; however the binary operation might not be associative.
All groups are monoids, and all monoids are semigroups.
Rings and fields.
Groups just have one binary operation. To fully explain the behaviour of the different types of numbers, structures with two operators need to be studied. The most important of these are rings, and fields.
A ring has two binary operations (+) and (×), with × distributive over +. Under the first operator (+) it forms an "abelian group". Under the second operator (×) it is associative, but it does not need to have identity, or inverse, so division is not required. The additive (+) identity element is written as 0 and the additive inverse of "a" is written as −"a".
Distributivity generalises the "distributive law" for numbers, and specifies the order in which the operators should be applied, (called the precedence). For the integers and and × is said to be "distributive" over +.
The integers are an example of a ring. The integers have additional properties which make it an integral domain.
A field is a "ring" with the additional property that all the elements excluding 0 form an "abelian group" under ×. The multiplicative (×) identity is written as 1 and the multiplicative inverse of "a" is written as "a"−1.
The rational numbers, the real numbers and the complex numbers are all examples of fields.

</doc>
<doc id="18716957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716957" title="The Right Hook">
The Right Hook

The Right Hook is a late afternoon to early evening talk programme broadcast on the Dublin, Ireland-based national Newstalk commercial radio station, and hosted by George Hook.
It was the first radio show in Ireland to broadcast the show entirely live via web cam on the internet.
Schedule.
Monday - Friday 16.30 - 19.00
Features.
As well as featuring news and current affairs interviews and analysis, a number of regular segments feature including technology with Jessica Kelly and Jonathan McCrae, travel with Fionn Davenport, movies with Philip Molloy and sport, which features regular contributions from well-known Irish sport pundits such as Johnny Giles, Liam Griffin and Jim Glennon. On Mondays at 5.30, the outspoken right-wing talk show host Michael Graham links up live from Boston. Every Friday George is joined by Newstalk's political editor Shane Coleman and sports commentator Dave McIntyre for the duration of the show.
History.
"The Right Hook" is the only show that has been presented since the start of Newstalk by the same presenter. 
Garrett Harte was the original producer, and is credited by Hook on his autobiography "Time Added On" with moulding him into the presenter he is today. Harte was later appointed Newstalk's station editor and the show is currently produced by Mark Simpson.
The show is well known for Hook's opinionated style of broadcasting and regularly travels around Ireland for on-location broadcasts. Throughout the course of the 2008 US Presidential Election Campaign, Hook broadcast from key locations in the United States such as New York for Super Tuesday, Denver for the 2008 Democratic National Convention and Washington D.C. for both the 2008 election and the inauguration of Barack Obama as 44th President of the United States in January 2009.
The show is well known for interviewing the famous American celebrity Tom Cruise while he was doing a press junket in Europe for Mission Impossible - Ghost Protocol.
During campaigning ahead of the 2011 Irish presidential election, Fine Gael candidate Gay Mitchell made a joke about suicide on while appearing on "The Right Hook". He promised to "jump off O'Connell Bridge" if he was asked to smile. Founding Secretary of the Irish Association of Suicidology Dr John Connolly described Mitchell's comment as "unfortunate".

</doc>
<doc id="18716966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716966" title="Himshikha">
Himshikha

Himshikha is a planned, small township located near Pinjore in District Panchkula, Haryana, India on the Pinjore — Mallah Road. The township was built by the Haryana Housing Board between 1985-1989. The Government of Haryana acquired the land from the nearby villages of Naggal Sodhiyan, Ishar Nagar and Islam Nagar to build the township.
It has a picturesque location in the foothills of Shivaliks. A beautiful lake is near Himshikha which will form part of a dam on the Kaushalya River.

</doc>
<doc id="18716976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716976" title="Lille tramway">
Lille tramway

The Lille tramway in France is often called the Mongy, after Alfred Mongy, the engineer who created the interurban lines that make up the current system. 
The system consists of two interurban lines, connecting central Lille to the nearby communities of Roubaix and Tourcoing, and has 36 stations. The lines were built at the same time as the boulevards linking Lille to its two neighbours, and the lines run on reserved track within the boulevards for most of their length.
The first tram line in Lille was built 1874, and the electrification of the town system started in 1894. The current interurban lines were built in 1909. While most urban lines in Lille were abandoned after 1950, the Mongy remained in service as the backbone of the public transport network of the TCC, the predecessor of Transpole. Whilst the expansion of the Metro initially threatened the trams, they were kept in service.
The lines originally terminated in the street outside the Opéra de Lille, but was diverted into a tunnel and underground terminus at the Gare de Lille Flandres, offering interchange with both lines of the Metro. The system was renovated between 1991 and 1994, and new low-floor trams were provided. The system is metre gauge electrifed at 750 volts DC.
The system is operated by Transpole, the public transport operator for the Lille Métropole. Transpole also operates the Lille Metro, a two-line underground and elevated VAL system, and 68 urban bus routes, all of which share a common ticketing system.

</doc>
<doc id="18716980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716980" title="List of That's So Raven books">
List of That's So Raven books

The That's So Raven book series is a series based on the Disney Channel Original Series "That's So Raven"

</doc>
<doc id="18716988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716988" title="LesserEvil">
LesserEvil

LesserEvil Brand Snack Co. is a snack food company based in Fairfield County, Connecticut. Their products are marketed as all natural. Many of their products are also gluten free. The company has four snack lines: Super 4, Buddha Bowl, Chia Pop and Chia Crisps.
In 2007, LesserEvil became one of the top-selling popcorn lines in the Natural Retail Channel.
History.
LesserEvil was founded in March 2004 in Tuckahoe, New York. LesserEvil first released a line of four Kettle Corns, touting them as low in carbohydrates, free of trans fats, preservatives, and high-fructose corn syrup.
In early 2005, LesserEvil shifted from a low-carb line to an all-natural line.
In early 2007, LesserEvil entered the potato snack market and launched Krinkle Sticks, a line of baked, reduced-fat potato snacks.
Distinctions.
Most recently, Dr. Oz featured LesserEvil’s Chia Crisps as the “Ultimate Snack” in late 2012. In earlier 2012, LesserEvil won the Gluten Free Snack of the Year by the Connecticut Specialty Foods Association. LesserEvil Healthy Brand Snacks have also been featured by Rachel Ray, Hungry Girl, Shape Magazine, and "Inc." magazine among others. CSP also chose LesserEvil’s Classic SeaSalt Krinkle Sticks as a finalist for their Retailers’ Choice Best New Products in the ‘Salty Snacks’ category.

</doc>
<doc id="18716994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716994" title="I Needed to Fall">
I Needed to Fall

"I Needed to Fall" is a song written by Kevin Cronin and performed by REO Speedwagon for their 2007 album, Find Your Own Way Home. The song was released as the first single from this album, and charted on the Adult Contemporary Charts.

</doc>
<doc id="18717001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717001" title="Burhanullah Shinwari">
Burhanullah Shinwari

Burhanullah Shinwari was the deputy chairman of the upper house of Afghanistan's legislature.
In July 2008 he led a delegation of legislators to investigate the Deh Bala wedding party bombing, an incident where American helicopter fired on a wedding party, killing 47, mostly women and children.

</doc>
<doc id="18717005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717005" title="Lake Gleneida">
Lake Gleneida

Lake Gleneida is a controlled lake in Carmel, New York, United States. It is part of New York City's water supply system, created when an original pond was dammed in 1870.
Geography.
The roughly heart-shaped lake is immediately to the southwest of downtown Carmel. Its are surrounded by grassy parkland sloping down to the lake from the roads on the south and east, and woods on the other sides. NY 301 follows the north shore, ascending to its eastern terminus at NY 52 across from the Putnam County courthouse. Route 52 follows the eastern shore for a short distance to the south of this intersection before it, too, ends at US 6, which continues around the southern shore. There is no road along the western side, although a local street, Glenvue Drive, traverses the top of the -high ridge there.
The lake fills a small depression in the middle of a hilly area. Its bottom continues its rapid drop from the shoreline, reaching a depth of slightly over in the middle of the lake, equivalent to the surface of a swampy depression to its east. Mean depth is . It typically contains , or of water.
There are no inlet brooks, as the lake was originally a pond. A small, unnamed outlet brook drains from the northwest, emptying in less than a thousand feet (300 m) to West Branch Reservoir. Water not impounded and delivered to the city from there follows the Croton River to the Hudson.
History.
The lake was originally known as Shaw's Pond, after an early landowner. It had been a part of the Carmel landscape since the hamlet's designation as county seat upon Putnam's 1814 creation. It quickly became a popular spot for boating and fishing.
The name started appearing on maps around 1840. Not long after, residents became dissatisfied with the name and proposed grander names for it. In 1852, a committee of local residents finally settled on Lake Gleneida. Eighteen years later, in 1870, New York City bought the lake and dammed it, bringing it to its present size and volume.
Recreation.
The New York City Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) owns Lake Gleneida, considered one of three "controlled lakes" in the city's water system. That means it may withdraw water as a right of ownership. Unlike the reservoirs in the area, it is not fenced off or heavily patrolled.
Recreational use of the lake does come under DEP regulations. Fishing, ice fishing and boating are allowed with a valid DEP permit and New York State Department of Environmental Conservation-issued fishing license. Swimming is not permitted.
Boats used in the lake may not be used in any other body of water, to prevent the spread of zebra mussels. This raised some local concern in 2005, since many were left on shore during the offseason and the town found them unsightly as it prepared to spend $2.3 million to spruce up the hamlet. DEP was able to get most of the owners to relocate them to storage areas out of sight of downtown.

</doc>
<doc id="18717021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717021" title="Ricardo Cordoba">
Ricardo Cordoba

Ricardo Alberto Córdoba Mosque, more commonly known as Ricardo Cordoba, (born 11 October 1982 in Santa Marta, Panama) is a Panamanian professional boxer who fights in the super bantamweight division.
Professional career.
Cordoba turned professional in September 2000. In his debut at the Gimnasio de los Leones, David, Panama, Cordoba defeated fellow debutant Hussein Sanchez with a knockout in the first round.
On September 18, 2008, Cordoba defeated Luis Pérez via twelve-round unanimous decision in Panama City for the vacant WBA Interim Super Bantamweight Title.
Cordoba was promoted to the full-fledge WBA Super Bantamweight champion on November 21, 2008 after fellow-Panamanian Celestino Caballero won an IBF title to become unified champion.
Cordoba lost his WBA title to Irishman Bernard Dunne on March 21, 2009, being knocked out in the 11th (of 12) round.

</doc>
<doc id="18717025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717025" title="Tino Insana">
Tino Insana

Tino Insana (born February 15, 1948) is an American actor, voice actor, writer, and film producer from Chicago, Illinois.
Insana's highly-distinguishable voice has been featured in many animated television series, most notably Disney's "Darkwing Duck" as Dr. Reginald Bushroot and "Bobby's World" as Bobby's Uncle Ted. More recently, he has voiced Pig in Nickelodeon's animated film "Barnyard" and its subsequent spin-off TV series.
In the 1980s, Insana wrote two episodes for "Police Squad!" and an episode of "Sledge Hammer!"; he also served as story editor on both series. Insana then wrote, produced, and acted in the independent comedy films "Wedding Band" and "Masters of Menace".
Insana has also made brief acting appearances in such films as "Neighbors", "¡Three Amigos!", "Who's Harry Crumb?", "Oscar", and "Beverly Hills Cop III". He has also made guest appearances on situation comedy series such as "Night Court" and "Mad About You".
In 2008 Insana voiced the role of Barf on ' (possibly due to Insana's voice being very similar to the late John Candy). He has also done voice work in the TV series "Goof Troop", "Camp Candy", "The Little Mermaid", "Pepper Ann" (as Pepper Ann's police officer uncle Jojo), "House of Mouse", "What-a-Mess", "Bonkers", "Aladdin", "Jungle Cubs", "Problem Child", "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command", "Teacher's Pet" and the feature film '.
He currently voiced the singing voice to Mr. Grouper in the new Nickelodeon CGI animated preschool series "Bubble Guppies".

</doc>
<doc id="18717037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717037" title="Society of the United States">
Society of the United States

The society or culture of the United States is a Western culture, and has been developing since long before the United States became a country with its own unique social and cultural characteristics such as dialect, music, arts, social habits, cuisine, folklore, etc. Today the United States of America is an ethnically and racially diverse country as result of large-scale immigration from many different countries throughout its history.
Its chief early influences came from English and Irish settlers of colonial America. British culture, due to colonial ties with Britain that spread the English language, legal system and other cultural inheritances, had a formative influence. Other important influences came from other parts of 
The United States has often been thought of as a melting pot, but recent developments tend towards cultural diversity, pluralism and the image of a salad bowl rather than a melting pot. Due to the extent of American culture there are many integrated but unique social subcultures within the United States. The cultural affiliations an individual in the United States may have commonly depend on social class, political orientation and a multitude of demographic characteristics such as religious background, occupation and ethnic group membership. The strongest influences on American culture came from northern European cultures, most prominently from Britain, Ireland, and Germany.
Social class and work.
Though most Americans today identify themselves as middle class, American society and its culture are considerably more fragmented. Social class, generally described as a combination of educational attainment, income and occupational prestige, is one of the greatest cultural influences in America. Nearly all cultural aspects of mundane interactions and consumer behavior in the US are guided by a person's location within the country's social structure.
Distinct lifestyles, consumption patterns and values are associated with different classes. Early sociologist-economist Thorstein Veblen, for example, noted that those at the very top of the social ladder engage in conspicuous leisure as well as conspicuous consumption. Upper-middle-class persons commonly identify education and being cultured as prime values. Persons in this particular social class tend to speak in a more direct manner that projects authority, knowledge and thus credibility. They often tend to engage in the consumption of so-called mass luxuries, such as designer label clothing. A strong preference for natural materials and organic foods as well as a strong health consciousness tend to be prominent features of the upper middle class. Middle-class individuals in general value expanding one's horizon, partially because they are more educated and can afford greater leisure and travels. Working-class individuals take great pride in doing what they consider to be "real work," and keep very close-knit kin networks that serve as a safeguard against frequent economic instability. 
Working-class Americans as well as many of those in the middle class may also face occupation alienation. In contrast to upper-middle-class professionals who are mostly hired to conceptualize, supervise and share their thoughts, many Americans enjoy only little autonomy or creative latitude in the workplace. As a result white collar professionals tend to be significantly more satisfied with their work. More recently those in the center of the income strata, who may still identify as middle class, have faced increasing economic insecurity, supporting the idea of a working-class majority.
Political behavior is affected by class; more affluent individuals are more likely to vote, and education and income affect whether individuals tend to vote for the Democratic or Republican party. Income also had a significant impact on health as those with higher incomes had better access to health care facilities, higher life expectancy, lower infant mortality rate and increased health consciousness.
In the United States occupation is one of the prime factors of social class and is closely linked to an individual’s identity. The average work week in the US for those employed full-time was 42.9 hours long with 30% of the population working more than 40 hours a week. It should be noted, however, that many of those in the top two earning quintiles often worked more than 50 hours a week. The Average American worker earned $16.64 an hour in the first two quarters of 2006. 
Overall Americans worked more than their counterparts in other developed post-industrial nations. While the average worker in Denmark enjoyed 30 days of vacation annually, the average American only had 16 annual vacation days. In 2000 the average American worked 1,978 hours per year, 500 hours more than the average German, yet 100 hours less than the average Czech. Overall the US labor force was the most productive in the world (overall, not by hour worked), largely due to its workers working more than those in any other post-industrial country (excluding South Korea). Americans generally hold working and being productive in high regard; being busy as and working extensively may also serve as the means to obtain esteem.
Race and ancestry.
Race in the United States is based on physical characteristics and skin color and has played an essential part in shaping American society even before the nation's conception. Until the civil rights movement of the 1960s, racial minorities in the United States faced discrimination and social as well as economic marginalization. 
Today the U.S. Department of Commerce's Bureau of the Census recognizes four races, Native American or American Indian, African American, Asian and White (European American). According to the U.S. government, Hispanic Americans do not constitute a race, but rather an ethnic group. During the 2000 U.S. Census Whites made up 75.1% of the population with those being Hispanic or Latino constituting the nation's prevalent minority with 12.5% of the population. African Americans made up 12.3% of the total population, 3.6% were Asian American and 0.7% were Native American.
Approximately 62% of White Americans today are either wholly or partly of English, Welsh, Irish, or Scottish ancestry. Approximately 86% of White Americans are of northwestern European descent, and 14% are of southern and eastern European ancestry.
Until the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution was ratified on December 6th 1865 the United States was a slave society. While the northern states had outlawed slavery in their territory in the late 18th and early 19th century their industrial economies relied on the raw materials produced by slave labor. Following the Reconstruction period in the 1870s, Southern states initialized an apartheid regulated by Jim Crow laws that provided for legal segregation. Lynching occurred throughout the US until the 1930s, continuing well into the civil rights movement in the South. 
Asian Americans were also marginalized during much of US history. Between 1882 and 1943 the United States government instituted the Chinese Exclusion Act which prohibited Chinese immigrants from entering the nation. During the second world war roughly 120,000 Japanese Americans, 62% of whom were U.S. citizens, were imprisoned in Japanese internment camps. Hispanic Americans also faced segregation and other types of discrimination; they were regularly subject to second class citizen status, in practice if not by law.
Largely as a result of being de jure or de facto excluded and marginalized from so-called mainstream society, racial minorities in the United States developed their own unique sub-cultures. During the 1920s for example, Harlem, New York became home to the Harlem Renaissance. Music styles such as Jazz, Blues and Rap, Rock and roll as well as numerous folk-songs such as Blue Tail Fly (Jimmy Crack Corn) originated within the realms of African American culture. Chinatowns can be found in many cities across the nation and Asian cuisine has become a common staple in America. 
The Hispanic community has also had a dramatic impact on American culture. Today, Catholics are the largest religious denomination in the United States and out-number Protestants in the South-west and California. Mariachi music and Mexican cuisine are commonly found throughout the Southwest, with some Latin dishes such burritos and tacos found anywhere in the nation. Economic discrepancies and de facto segregation, however, continue and is a prominent feature of mundane life in the United States. 
While Asian Americans have prospered and have a median household income and educational attainment exceeding that of Whites, the same cannot be said for the other races. African Americans, Hispanics and Native Americans have considerably lower income and education than do White Americans. In 2005 the median household income of Whites was 62.5% higher than that of African American, nearly one-quarter of whom live below the poverty line. Furthermore 46.9% of homicide victims in the United States are African American indicating the many severe socio-economic problems African Americans and minorities in general continue to face in the twenty-first century.
Some aspects of American culture codify racism. For example, the prevailing idea in American culture, perpetuated by the media, has been that that black features are less attractive or desirable than white features. The idea that blackness was ugly was highly damaging to the psyche of African Americans, manifesting itself as internalized racism. The Black is beautiful cultural movement sought to dispel this notion.
In the years after the September 11th terrorist attacks, discrimination against Arabs and Muslims in the U.S. has increased significantly. The American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee (ADC) reported an increase in hate speech, cases of airline discrimination, hate crimes, police misconduct and racial profiling. The USA Patriot Act, signed into effect by President Bush on October 26, 2001, has also raised concerns for violating civil liberties. Section 412 of the act provides the government with "sweeping new powers to detain immigrants and other foreign nationals indefinitely with little or no due process at the discretion of the Attorney General." Other sections also allow the government to conduct secret searches, seizures and surveillance, and to freely interpret the definition of 'terrorist activities'.
Group affiliations.
As the United States is a diverse nation, it is home to numerous organization and social groups and individuals may derive their group affiliated identity from a variety of sources. Many Americans, especially white collar professionals belong to professional organizations such as the APA, ASA or ATFLC, although books like "Bowling Alone" indicate that Americans affiliate with these sorts of groups less often than they did in the 1950s and 1960s. 
Today, Americans derive a great deal of their identity through their work and professional affiliation, especially among individuals higher on the economic ladder. Recently professional identification has led to many clerical and low-level employees giving their occupations new, more respectable titles, such as "Sanitation service engineer" instead of "Janitor." 
Additionally many Americans belong to non-profit organizations and religious establishments and may volunteer their services to such organizations. The Rotary Club, the Knights of Columbus or even the SPCA are examples of such non-profit and mostly volunteer run organizations. Ethnicity plays another important role in providing some Americans with group identity,
especially among those who recently immigrated. Many American cities are home to ethnic enclaves such as a Chinatown and Little Italies remain in some cities. 
Local patriotism may be also provide group identity. For example, a person may be particularly proud to be from California or New York City, and may display clothing from local sports team. Political lobbies such as the AARP not only provide individuals with a sentiment of intra-group allegiance but also increase their political representation in the nation's political system. Combined, profession, ethnicity, religious, and other group affiliations have provided Americans with a multitude of options from which to derive their group based identity.
Technology, gadgets, and automobiles.
Americans, by and large, are often fascinated by new technology and new gadgets. There are many within the United States that share the attitude that through technology, many of the evils in the society can be solved. Many of the new technological innovations in the modern world were either first invented in the United States and/or first widely adopted by Americans. Examples include: the lightbulb, the airplane, the transistor, nuclear power, the personal computer, video games and online shopping, as well as the development of the Internet. By comparison with Japan, however, only a small fraction of electronic devices make it to sale in the US, and household items such as toilets are rarely festooned with remotes and electronic buttons as they are in some parts of Asia.
Automobiles play a great role in American culture, whether it is in the mundane lives of private individuals or in the areas of arts and entertainment. The rise of suburbs and the desire for workers to commute to cities brought about the popularization of automobiles. In 2001, 90% of Americans drove to work in cars. Lower energy and land costs favor the production of relatively large, powerful cars. The culture in the 1950s and 1960s often catered to the automobile with motels and drive-in restaurants. Americans tend to view obtaining a driver's license as a rite of passage. Outside of a relative few urban areas, it is considered a necessity for most Americans to own and drive cars. New York City is the only locality in the United States where more than half of all households do not own a car.
Drugs, alcohol and smoking.
American attitudes towards drugs and alcoholic beverages have evolved considerably throughout the country's history. In the 19th century, alcohol was readily available and consumed, and no laws restricted the use of other drugs. A movement to ban alcoholic beverages, called the Prohibition movement, emerged in the late 19th century. Several American Protestant religious groups, as well as women's groups such as the Women's Christian Temperance Union, supported the movement. 
In 1919, Prohibitionists succeeded in amending the Constitution to prohibit the sale of alcohol. Although the Prohibition period did result in lowering alcohol consumption overall, banning alcohol outright proved to be unworkable, as the previously legitimate distillery industry was replaced by criminal gangs which trafficked in alcohol. Prohibition was repealed in 1931. States and localities retained the right to remain "dry", and to this day, a handful still do.
During the Vietnam War era, attitudes swung well away from prohibition. Commentators noted that an 18 year old could be drafted to war but could not buy a beer. Most states lowered the legal drinking age to 18.
Since 1980, the trend has been toward greater restrictions on alcohol and drug use. The focus this time, however, has been to criminalize behaviors associated with alcohol, rather than attempt to prohibit consumption outright. New York was the first state to enact tough drunk-driving laws in 1980; since then all other states have followed suit. A "Just Say No to Drugs" movement replaced the more libertine ethos of the 1960s.
Sports.
Since the late nineteenth century, baseball is regarded as the national sport; football, basketball, and ice hockey are the country's three other leading professional team sports. College football and basketball also attract large audiences. Football is now by several measures the most popular spectator sport in the United States. Soccer, though not a leading professional sport in the country, is played widely at the youth and amateur levels. 
Boxing and horse racing were once the most watched individual sports, but they have been eclipsed by golf and auto racing, particularly NASCAR. Tennis and many outdoor sports are also popular.
Food.
The cuisine of the United States is extremely diverse, owing to the vastness of the continent, the relatively large population (1/3 of a billion people) and the number of native and immigrant influences. The types of food served at home vary greatly and depend upon the region of the country and the family's own cultural heritage. Recent immigrants tend to eat food similar to that of their country of origin, and Americanized versions of these cultural foods, such as American Chinese cuisine or Italian-American cuisine often eventually appear; an example is Vietnamese cuisine, Korean cuisine and Thai cuisine. 
German cuisine has a profound impact on American cuisine, especially mid-western cuisine, with potatoes, noodles, roasts, stews and cakes/pastries being the most iconic ingredients in both cuisines. Dishes such as the hamburger, pot roast, baked ham and hot dogs are examples of American dishes derived from German cuisine. 
Different regions of the United States have their own cuisine and styles of cooking. The state of Louisiana, for example, is known for its Cajun and Creole cooking. Cajun and Creole cooking are influenced by French, Acadian, and Haitian cooking, although the dishes themselves are original and unique. Examples include Crawfish Etouffee, Red Beans and Rice, Seafood or Chicken Gumbo, Jambalaya, and Boudin. Italian, German, Hungarian and Chinese influences, traditional Native American, Caribbean, Mexican and Greek dishes have also diffused into the general American repertoire. It is not uncommon for a 'middle-class' family from 'middle-America' to eat, for example, restaurant pizza, home-made pizza, enchiladas con carne, chicken paprikas, beef stroganof and bratwurst with sauerkraut for dinner throughout a single week.
Clothing.
Apart from professional business attire, clothing in the United States is eclectic and predominantly informal. While Americans' diverse cultural roots are reflected in their clothing, particularly those of recent immigrants, cowboy hats and boots and leather motorcycle jackets are emblematic of specifically American styles. 
Blue jeans were popularized as work clothes in the 1850s by merchant Levi Strauss, a Jewish-German immigrant in San Francisco, and adopted by many American teenagers a century later. They are now widely worn on every continent by people of all ages and social classes. Along with mass-marketed informal wear in general, blue jeans are arguably U.S. culture's primary contribution to global fashion. The country is also home to the headquarters of many leading designer labels such as Ralph Lauren and Calvin Klein. Labels such as Abercrombie & Fitch and Eckō cater to various niche markets.
Education.
Education in the United States is provided mainly by government, with control and funding coming from three levels: federal, state, and local. School attendance is mandatory and nearly universal at the elementary and high school levels (often known outside the United States as the primary and secondary levels).
Students have the options of having their education held in public schools, private schools, or home school. In most public and private schools, education is divided into three levels: elementary school, junior high school (also often called middle school), and high school. In almost all schools at these levels, children are divided by age groups into grades. Post-secondary education, better known as "college" or "university" in the United States, is generally governed separately from the elementary and high school system.
In the year 2000, there were 76.6 million students enrolled in schools from kindergarten through graduate schools. Of these, 72 percent aged 12 to 17 were judged academically "on track" for their age (enrolled in school at or above grade level). Of those enrolled in compulsory education, 5.2 million (10.4 percent) were attending private schools. Among the country's adult population, over 85 percent have completed high school and 27 percent have received a bachelor's degree or higher.
Language.
The primary, although not official, language of the United States is English. According to the 2000 U.S. Census, more than 97% of Americans can speak English well, and for 81% it is the only language spoken at home. Nearly 30 million native speakers of Spanish also reside in the US. There are more than 300 languages besides Norsk which can claim native speakers in the United States—some of which are spoken by the indigenous peoples (about 150 living languages) and others which were imported by immigrants. 
American Sign Language, used mainly by the deaf, is also native to the country. Hawaiian is also a language native to the United States, as it is indigenous nowhere else except in the state of Hawaii. Spanish is the second most common language in the United States, and is one of the official languages, and the most widely spoken, in the U.S. Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
There are four major regional dialects in the United States: northeastern, south, inland north, and midwestern. The Midwestern accent (considered the "standard accent" in the United States, and analogous in some respects to the received pronunciation elsewhere in the English-speaking world) extends from what were once the "Middle Colonies" across the Midwest to the Pacific states.
Religion.
Historically, the United States' religious tradition has been dominated by Protestant Christianity. Today over three quarters of Americans identify as Christian with a slight majority identifying as Protestant (56%). Catholicism (27%) is the largest Christian denomination, as Protestants belong to a variety of denominations. Also practiced in the United States are many other religions, such as Judaism, Hinduism, Islam, Buddhism, Mormonism and neo-pagan religions, (most prominently Wicca) among others. Approximately 16% of American citizens identify as atheist, agnostic, or having no religion.
The government is a secular institution, with what is often called the "separation of church and state" prevailing.
Housing.
Immediately after World War II, Americans began living in increasing
numbers in the suburbs, belts around major cities with higher density than rural areas, but much lower than urban areas. This move has been attributed to many factors such as the automobile, the availability of large tracts of land, the convenience of more and longer paved roads, the increasing violence in urban centers (see white flight), and the cheapness of housing. These new single-family houses were usually one or two stories tall, and often were part of large contracts of homes built by a single developer. 
The resulting low-density development has been given the pejorative label urban sprawl. This is changing, however. White flight is reversing, with many Yuppies and upper-middle-class, empty nest Baby Boomers returning to urban living, usually in condominia, such as in New York City's Lower East Side, and Chicago's South Loop. The result has been the displacement of many poorer, inner-city residents. (see gentrification). 
American cities with housing prices near the national median have also been losing the middle income neighborhoods, those with median income between 80% and 120% of the metropolitan area's median household income. Here, the more affluent members of the middle class, who are also often referred to as being professional or upper middle class, have left in search of larger homes in more exclusive suburbs. This trend is largely attributed to the so-called "Middle class squeeze", which has caused a starker distinction between the statistical middle class and the more privileged members of the middle class. In more expensive areas such as California, however, another trend has been taking place where an influx of more affluent middle-class households has displaced those in the actual middle of society and converted former middle-middle-class neighborhoods into upper-middle-class neighborhoods.
The population of rural areas has been declining over time as more and more people migrate to cities for work and entertainment. The great exodus from the farms came in the 1940s; in recent years fewer than 2% of the population lives on farms (though others live in the countryside and commute to work). Electricity and telephone, and sometimes cable and Internet services are available to all but the most remote regions. As in the cities, children attend school up to and including high school and only help with farming during the summer months or after school.
About half of Americans now live in what is known as the suburbs. The suburban nuclear family has been identified as part of the "American dream": a married couple with children owning a house in the suburbs. This archetype is reinforced by mass media, religious practices, and government policies and is based on traditions from Anglo-Saxon cultures. One of the biggest differences in suburban living as compared to urban living is the housing occupied by the families. The suburbs are filled with single-family homes separated from retail districts, industrial areas, and sometimes even public schools. However, many American suburbs are incorporating these districts on smaller scales, attracting more people to these communities.
Housing in urban areas may include more apartments and semi-attached homes than in the suburbs or small towns. Aside from housing, the major difference from suburban living is the density and diversity of many different subcultures, as well as retail and manufacturing buildings mixed with housing in urban areas. Urban residents are also more likely to travel by mass transit, and children are more likely to walk or bicycle rather than being driven by their parents.
Gender relations.
Courtship, cohabitation, and adolescent sexuality.
Couples often meet through religious institutions, work, school, or friends. "Dating services," services that are geared to assist people in finding partners, are popular both on and offline. The trend over the past few decades has been for more and more couples deciding to cohabit before, or instead of, getting married. The 2000 Census reported 9.7 million different-sex partners living together and about 1.3 million same-sex partners living together. These cohabitation arrangements have not been the subject of many laws regulating them, though some states now have domestic partner statutes and judge-made palimony doctrines that confer some legal support for unmarried couples.
Adolescent sex is common; most Americans first have intercourse in their teens. The current data suggests that by the time a person turns 18, slightly more than half of females and nearly two-thirds of males will have had intercourse. More than half of sexually active teens have had sexual partners they are dating. Risky sexual behaviors that involve "anything intercourse related" are "rampant" among teenagers. Teen pregnancies in the United States decreased 28% between 1990 and 2000 from 117 pregnancies per every 1,000 teens to 84 per 1,000. The US is rated, based on 2002 numbers, 84 out of 170 countries based on teenage fertility rate, according to the World Health Organization.
Marriage and divorce.
Marriage laws are established by individual states. Same-sex marriage is currently legal in Massachusetts, New York, Washington D.C., Washington, Maryland, Iowa, Vermont, Maine, New Hampshire, and Connecticut. New Jersey, California, Oregon, Illinois, Rhode Island and Nevada allow same-sex couples access to most state-level marriage benefits with civil unions or domestic partnerships; Hawaii and Colorado offer some benefits to couples in domestic partnerships. Rhode Island and California also recognize out-of-state same-sex marriages but does not perform them. 
In many states, it is illegal to cross state lines to obtain a marriage that would be illegal in the home state. The typical wedding involves a couple proclaiming their commitment to one another in front of their close relatives and friends, often presided over by a religious figure such as a minister, priest, or rabbi, depending upon the faith of the couple. In traditional Christian ceremonies, the bride's father will "give away" (hand off) the bride to the groom. Secular weddings are also common, often presided over by a judge, Justice of the Peace, or other municipal official.
Divorce is the province of state governments, so divorce law varies from state to state. Prior to the 1970s, divorcing spouses had to prove that the other spouse was at fault, for instance for being guilty of adultery, abandonment, or cruelty; when spouses simply could not get along, lawyers were forced to manufacture "uncontested" divorces. The no-fault divorce revolution began in 1969 in California and ended with New York. No-fault divorce (on the grounds of "irreconcilable differences", "irretrievable breakdown of marriage", "incompatibility", or after a separation period etc.) is now available in all states. 
As with other Western countries, the US has now a substantial proportion of children born outside of marriage: in 2010, 40.7% of births were to unmarried women.
State law provides for child support where children are involved, and sometimes for alimony. "Married adults now divorce two-and-a-half times as often as adults did 20 years ago and four times as often as they did 50 years ago... between 40% and 60% of "new" marriages will eventually end in divorce. The probability within... the first five years is 20%, and the probability of its ending within the first 10 years is 33%... Perhaps 25% of children ages 16 and under live with a stepparent." The median length for a marriage in the US today is 11 years with 90% of all divorces being settled out of court.
Gender roles.
Since the 1970s, traditional gender roles of male and female have been increasingly challenged by both legal and social means. Today, there are far fewer roles that are legally restricted by one's sex. The military remains a notable exception, where women may not be put into direct combat by law. Asymmetrical warfare, however, has put women into situations which are direct combat operations in all but name.
Most social roles are not gender-restricted by law, though there are still cultural inhibitions surrounding certain roles. More and more women have entered the workplace, and in the year 2000 made up 46.6% of the labor force, up from 18.3% in 1900. Most men, however, have not taken up the traditional full-time homemaker role; likewise, few men have taken traditionally feminine jobs such as receptionist or nurse (although nursing was traditionally a male role before the American Civil War).
Death rituals.
It is customary for Americans to hold a wake in a funeral home within a couple days of the death of a loved one. The body of the deceased may be embalmed and dressed in fine clothing if there will be an open-casket viewing. Traditional Jewish and Muslim practice include a ritual bath and no embalming. Friends, relatives and acquaintances gather, often from distant parts of the country, to "pay their last respects" to the deceased. Flowers are brought to the coffin and sometimes eulogies, elegies, personal anecdotes or group prayers are recited. Otherwise, the attendees sit, stand or kneel in quiet contemplation or prayer. Kissing the corpse on the forehead is typical among Italian Americans and others. Condolences are also offered to the widow or widower and other close relatives.
A funeral may be held immediately afterwards or the next day. The funeral ceremony varies according to religion and culture. American Catholics typically hold a funeral mass in a church, which sometimes takes the form of a Requiem mass. Jewish Americans may hold a service in a synagogue or temple. Pallbearers carry the coffin of the deceased to the hearse, which then proceeds in a procession to the place of final repose, usually a cemetery. The unique Jazz funeral of New Orleans features joyous and raucous music and dancing during the procession.
Mount Auburn Cemetery (founded in 1831) is known as "America's first garden cemetery." American cemeteries created since are distinctive for their park-like setting. Rows of graves are covered by lawns and are interspersed with trees and flowers. Headstones, mausoleums, statuary or simple plaques typically mark off the individual graves. Cremation is another common practice in the United States, though it is frowned upon by various religions. The ashes of the deceased are usually placed in an urn, which may be kept in a private house, or they are interred. Sometimes the ashes are released into the atmosphere. The "sprinkling" or "scattering" of the ashes may be part of an informal ceremony, often taking place at a scenic natural feature (a cliff, lake or mountain) that was favored by the deceased.
A so-called death industry has developed in the United States that has replaced earlier, more informal traditions. Before the popularity of funeral homes, a wake would be held in an ordinary, private house. Often the most elegant room was reserved for this purpose.
Household arrangements.
Today, family arrangements in the United States reflect the diverse and dynamic nature of contemporary American society. Although for a relatively brief period of time in the 20th century most families adhered to the nuclear family concept (two-married adults with a biological child), single-parent families, childless/childfree couples, and fused families now constitute the majority of families.
Most Americans will marry and get divorced at least once during their life; thus, most individuals will live in a variety of family arrangements. A person may grow up in a single-parent family, go on to marry and live in childless couple arrangement, then get divorced, live as a single for a couple of years, re-marry, have children and live in a nuclear family arrangement.
"The nuclear family... is the idealized version of what most people think when they think of "family..." The old definition of what a family is... the nuclear family- no longer seems adequate to cover the wide diversity of household arrangements we see today, according to many social scientists (Edwards 1991; Stacey 1996). Thus has arisen the term "postmodern family", which is meant to describe the great variability in family forms, including single-parent families and child-free couples."- Brian K. Williams, Stacey C. Sawyer, Carl M. Wahlstrom, "Marriages, Families & Intinamte Relationships", 2005.
Other changes to the landscape of American family arrangements include dual-income earner households and delayed independence among American youths. Whereas most families in the 1950s and 1960s relied on one income earner, more commonly the husband, the vast majority of family households now have two-income earners.
Another change is the increasing age at which young Americans leave their parental home. Traditionally, a person past "college age" who lived with their parent(s) was viewed negatively, but today it is not uncommon for children to live with their parents until their mid-twenties. This trend can be mostly attributed to rising living costs that far exceed those in decades past. Thus, many young adults now remain with their parents well past their mid-20s. This topic was a cover article of TIME magazine in 2005.
Exceptions to the custom of leaving home in one's mid-20s can occur especially among Italian and Hispanic Americans, and in expensive urban real estate markets such as New York City California [http://www.apartmentratings.com/rate/CA-San-Francisco-Pricing.html, and Honolulu [http://www.apartmentratings.com/rate/HI-Honolulu-Pricing.html], where monthly rents commonly exceed $1000 a month.
Single-parent households are households consisting of a single adult (most often a woman) and one or more children. In the single-parent household, one parent typically raises the children with little to no help from the other. This parent is the sole "breadwinner" of the family and thus these households are particularly vulnerable economically. They have higher rates of poverty, and children of these households are more likely to have educational problems.
Regional variations.
Cultural differences in the various regions of the United States are explored in New England, Mid-Atlantic States, Southern United States, Midwestern United States, Southwest United States, Western United States and Pacific Northwestern United States pages. The western coast of the continental US consisting of California, Oregon, and the state of Washington is also sometimes referred to as the Left Coast, indicating its Left leaning political orientation and tendency towards liberal norms, folkways and values.
Strong cultural differences have a long history in the US with the southern slave society in the antebellum period serving as a prime example. Not only social, but also economic tensions between the Northern and Southern states were so severe that they eventually caused the South to declare itself an independent nation, the Confederate States of America; thus provoking the American civil war. One example of regional variations is the attitude towards the discussion of sex, often sexual discussions would have less restrictions in the Northeastern United States, but yet is seen as taboo in the Southern United States.
In his 1989 book, "Albion's Seed" (ISBN 0195069056), David Hackett Fischer suggests that the United States is made up today of four distinct regional cultures. The book's focus is on the folkways of four groups of settlers from the British Isles that emigrated from distinct regions of Britain and Ireland to the British American colonies during the 17th and 18th centuries. Fischer's thesis is that the culture and folkways of each of these groups persisted, with some modification over time, providing the basis for the four modern regional cultures of the United States.
According to Fischer, the foundation of American culture was formed from four mass migrations from four different regions of the British Isles by four distinct socio-religious groups. New England's earliest settlement period occurred between 1629 and 1640 when Puritans, mostly from East Anglia in England, settled there, forming the New England regional culture. The next mass migration was of southern English cavaliers and their Irish and Scottish domestic servants to the Chesapeake Bay region between 1640 and 1675, producing the Southern American culture. Then, between 1675 and 1725, thousands of Irish, English and German Quakers, led by William Penn, settled in the Delaware Valley. 
This settlement resulted in the formation of what is today considered the "General American" culture, although, according to Fischer, it is really just a regional American culture, even if it does today encompass most of the U.S. from the mid-Atlantic states to the Pacific Coast. Finally, Irish, Scottish and English settlers from the borderlands of Britain and Ireland migrated to Appalachia between 1717 and 1775. They formed the regional culture of the Upland South, which has since spread west to such areas as West Texas and parts of the U.S. Southwest. Fischer says that the modern U.S. is composed only of regional cultures, with characteristics determined by the place of departure and time of arrival of these four distinct founding populations.

</doc>
<doc id="18717040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717040" title="KMAL">
KMAL

KMAL (1470 AM, "ESPN 1220/1470") is a radio station licensed to serve Malden, Missouri, USA. The station is owned by Max Media and licensed to MRR License LLC. It airs a Sports radio format in conjunction with KGIR and featuring programming from ESPN Radio.
The station was assigned the KMAL call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on September 17, 1999.
Ownership.
In December 2003, Mississippi River Radio, acting as Max Media LLC (John Trinder, president/COO), reached an agreement to purchase WCIL, WCIL-FM, WJPF, WOOZ-FM, WUEZ, WXLT, KCGQ-FM, KEZS-FM, KGIR, KGKS, KJEZ, KKLR-FM, KLSC, KMAL, KSIM, KWOC, and KZIM from the Zimmer Radio Group (James L. Zimmer, owner). The reported value of this 17 station transaction was $43 million.

</doc>
<doc id="18717051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717051" title="Villa Bonita">
Villa Bonita

Villa Bonita is an historic apartment building on Hillcrest Road in Hollywood, California. The building is located a short walk from the corner of Hollywood Boulevard and Highland Avenue, just north of Franklin Avenue and west of Highland. It was designed by Frank Webster and built in 1929. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 based on its architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="18717076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717076" title="Kanuri Lakshmana Rao">
Kanuri Lakshmana Rao

Kanuru Lakshmana Rao, B.E., Ph.D. (born 15 July 1902 - died 18 May 1986) was an Indian engineer and a Padma Bhushan awardee.
Honours.
In 1963, Rao was awarded the Padma Bhushan for his contribution in the spheres of irrigation and power. He had been president of the Central Board of Irrigation and Power and of the All India Engineers Association in 1958-59 and 1959-1960. He was awarded a doctorate in science by Andhra University in 1960. He was also awarded doctorate by the Roorkee University in engineering in 1968.
Personal life and education.
Rao was born in a middle class farmer family in Kankipadu, Krishna district, Andhra Pradesh. His father was a village attorney. He lost his father when he was nine years old. He lost vision in one eye due to injury during childhood days while playing at school. He studied Intermediate (+2) at Presidency College, Madras. He took his B.E. degree from Madras University and he was the first student from Madras University to obtain a Master's Degree in engineering. Later he took his Ph.D. in 1939 from the University of Birmingham in the United Kingdom.
Engineering career.
He worked as a Professor in Rangoon and Burma. After completing PHD he worked as Assistant Professor in the United Kingdom. He wrote a book called "Structural Engineering and Reinforced Concrete". After returning to India, he worked as a design engineer for the Madras government. He held the post of Director (Designs) in Vidyut Commission-New Delhi in 1950. He was promoted as chief engineer in 1954.
He wrote autobiography titled "The Cusecs Candidate".
Political career.
He was elected as a member of parliament from Vijayawada constituency for the first time in 1961. He was elected as member of parliament three times from the Vijayawada constituency. On 20 July 1963, Rao was sworn in as a minister for Irrigation and Electricity in the union government. Under his regime as union minister for water resources, Rao designed many irrigation and hydro-electric projects. Nagarjuna Sagar Dam, the world's longest masonry dam on River Krishna in Nalgonda District of Andhra Pradesh is to his credit. Rao worked as union minister in Jawahar Lal Nehru, Lal Bahadur Sastry and Indira Gandhi's cabinet.
Recognition.
In 2006, the Pulichintala project, at Bellamkonda of Guntur district, has been named as K. L. Rao Sagar project.

</doc>
<doc id="18717088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717088" title="R52">
R52

R52 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18717115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717115" title="Interleukin 34">
Interleukin 34

Interleukin-34, or IL-34 is a protein belonging to a group of cytokines called interleukins. It was originally identified in humans, by large scale screening of secreted proteins; chimpanzee, murine, rat and chicken IL-34 orthologs have also been found. The protein is composed of 241 amino acids, 39 kilodaltons in mass, and forms homodimers. IL-34 increases growth or survival of immune cells known as monocytes; it elicits its activity by binding the Colony stimulating factor 1 receptor. 
Messenger RNA (mRNA) expression of human IL-34 is most abundant in spleen but occurs in several other tissues: thymus, liver, small intestine, colon, prostate gland, lung, heart, brain, kidney, testes, and ovary. The discovery of IL-34 protein in the red pulp of the spleen suggests involvement in growth and development of myeloid cells, consistent with its activity on monocytes.

</doc>
<doc id="18717140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717140" title="Cross of Cong">
Cross of Cong

The Cross of Cong (, "the yellow baculum") is an early 12th-century Irish Christian ornamented cusped processional cross, which was, as an inscription says, made for Tairrdelbach Ua Conchobair (d. 1156), King of Connacht and High King of Ireland to donate to the Cathedral church of the period that was located at Tuam, County Galway, Ireland. The cross was subsequently moved to Cong Abbey at Cong, County Mayo, from which it takes its name. It was designed to be placed on top of a staff and is also a reliquary, designed to hold a piece of the purported True Cross. This gave it additional importance as an object of reverence and was undoubtedly the reason for the object's elaborate beauty.
The cross is displayed at the National Museum of Ireland, Dublin, having previously been in the Museum of the Royal Irish Academy, Dublin. It is considered one of finest examples of metalwork and decorative art of its period in Western Europe.
Description.
The cross consists of an oak cross, covered in gold, silver, niello, copper, bronze, brass, enamel, coloured glass, and other ornamentation. In addition to traditional Irish design features from Insular art, the cross also displays some Viking and Romanesque influences, including 'strapwork' decoration in the Urnes style. It has been suggested that the older Insular stylistic elements may be deliberate revivalism. The decoration includes minute golden filigree work in an intertwined pattern called on front and back. From the base heads of beasts on each side grip the cross in their mouth, a feature also found in German crosses. The overall shape of the cross was thought to be Romanesque, but recent discoveries have shown very similar shapes in much earlier Irish pieces. Some of the original precious stones and glass pieces that studded the cross are now missing.
There is a large polished piece of rock crystal in the centre of the cross. Under this was placed the relic (sent from Rome around the year A.D. 1123) of what at the time was believed to be the True Cross. The relic is since lost, and was a small fragment of wood only. The crystal is semi-transparent, once enabling the relic to be partially seen by the viewer.
The cross is 30 inches high and the arms are 18 inches in breadth.
As a processional cross, the cross was carried mounted on its staff at the head of a religious procession by one of the officiating clergy or altar-servers. Often such crosses were then removed from their staff and placed on the altar during the ceremony.
History.
According to Irish annals, supported by the inscriptions on the cross itself (which refer to known historical personages), the cross was made in County Roscommon. In the annals, the cross is sometimes called in the Irish language ""an Bacall Buidhe"", which translates as "the yellow staff" — a reference to its golden colour.
The cross was commissioned by King Tairrdelbach Ua Conchobair.
In A.D. 1123, according to the Irish annals, a small piece of the purported True Cross arrived in Ireland from Rome and was enshrined at Roscommon. The cross then appears to have moved to Tuam. At an early date, probably in the mid-12th century, the cross was moved from Tuam to Cong Abbey, an abbey founded by the Augustinians on a much earlier Christian site.
In later centuries, the exact location of the cross in the Cong area is uncertain but it appears to be have been hidden by locals and ecclesiastics in their homes because of religious persecution against Catholics, which reached its peak in Ireland under the penal laws.
In 1680, Ruaidhrí Ó Flaithbheartaigh, the historian from County Galway, saw the cross (which he referred to as the ""Abbot of Cong's Cross"") and copied inscriptions from it. Edward Lhuyd of Wales, Ó Flaithbheartaigh's friend, recorded this fact in his ""Archaeologia Britannica"", published in 1707.
In the 19th century, George Petrie, the Irish antiquarian, was aware that Lhuyd's book mentioned the cross, though he partly misinterpreted the details. In 1822, Petrie had seen the cross himself when he passed through Cong on a tour he made of Connacht. Petrie told his friend, Professor James MacCullagh (of Trinity College, Dublin), about the cross and of its historical value. MacCullagh, using his own money, though not a rich man, afterwards purchased the cross from the Parish Priest of Cong – Fr. Michael Waldron. Fr. Waldron had succeeded Fr. Patrick Prendergast as Parish Priest of Cong, when Fr. Prendergast died in 1829, and discovered the cross amongst his belongings. Fr. Patrick Prendergast, an Augustinian, was also considered to be the last Abbot of Cong Abbey. Fr. Prendergast had discovered the cross hidden in an old oak chest kept in a house in the village, where it was said to have been kept since about the mid-17th century (the time of the Cromwellian conquest of Ireland). Fr. Prendergast then kept the cross in his house, named 'Abbotstown', located on a farm in the townland of Ballymagibbon (or Ballymacgibbon), which is close to Cong. William Wilde, who was from this part of Ireland, had seen the cross in his childhood in Fr. Prendergast's possession and stated that at that time (the early 19th century) the cross was used at Cong chapel at the festivals of Christmas and Easter, when it was placed on the altar during mass. MacCullagh presented the cross in 1839 to the Royal Irish Academy, where it was for a long period one of its most treasured artefacts.
About 1890, the cross was transferred to the newly opened National Museum of Science and Art, Dublin, which was the predecessor of the National Museum of Ireland, and remained in the same building when the National Museum of Ireland was founded in 1925. Today, the cross remains in the National Museum of Ireland, although it was on display in the National Museum of Ireland – Country Life, Turlough Park, Castlebar, from 31 March 2010 for one year, while the Dublin museum was being renovated. This was the first time the cross had left Dublin since the 1830s.
Inscriptions.
The cross has inscriptions on it — all of which are in the Irish language, with the exception of one which is in Latin.
Latin.
The Latin inscription occurs twice – once on each side of the shaft – in one case the letters of the sixth word are "Pahus", and in the other, "Pasus"; it should be "Passus". A facsimile engraving (taken from a rubbing) of one of these inscriptions is shown below,
In modern Latin this is rendered as "Hac cruce crux tegitur qua pasconditor orbis", which has been translated as"With this cross is covered the cross on which suffered the Maker of the World." or, with similar meaning, as"In this cross is preserved [or conserved the cross on which the Founder of the world suffered."
Irish.
In addition, the translated Irish language inscriptions read as follows:
A prayer for Tairrdelbach Ua Conchobair, for the King of Ireland, for whom this shrine was made.
Pray for Muireadhach Ua Dubhthaigh, the Senior of Erin.
Pray for Domnall mac Flannacáin Ua Dubthaig, Bishop of Connacht and Comarb of [Saints Comman and Ciaran, under whose superintendence the shrine was made.
Pray for Mael Isu mac Bratdan O Echan, who made this shrine.

</doc>
<doc id="18717144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717144" title="Alves railway station">
Alves railway station

Alves was a railway station located near Elgin, in the Scottish administrative area of Moray. The station was the junction where the line to Burghead and Hopeman diverged from the line from Aberdeen to Inverness.
History.
Opened by the Inverness and Aberdeen Junction Railway, then absorbed by the Highland Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The line then passed on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was then closed by the British Railways Board in May 1965 as a result of the Beeching Axe.
Passenger services on the Burghead & Hopeman branch line (opened in 1862) were withdrawn considerably earlier, by the LMS back in September 1931. Goods traffic continued (in the form of grain to the whisky distillery at Roseisle and the maltings at Burghead) until 1992. The section as far the former was reopened in January 1998, but traffic ceased again shortly afterwards and the branch is now disused & overgrown (though still intact).
The site today.
Trains still pass the site on the Aberdeen to Inverness Line. The station building has survived and is now a private residence.

</doc>
<doc id="18717160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717160" title="Brooksby Melton College">
Brooksby Melton College

Brooksby Melton College is a further education college based in Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire. The college has three campuses: two in Melton Mowbray itself and a third about west of Melton in the village of Brooksby.

</doc>
<doc id="18717172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717172" title="Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results">
Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results

The Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER) program of the National Cancer Institute (NCI) is a source of information on cancer incidence and survival in the United States.
The Program.
SEER collects and publishes cancer incidence and survival data from population-based cancer registries covering approximately 28% of the population of the United States. SEER coverage includes 26% of African Americans, 41% of Hispanics, 43% of American Indians and Alaska Natives, 54% of Asians, and 71% of Hawaiian/Pacific Islanders. The SEER Program registries routinely collect data on patient demographics, primary tumor site, tumor morphology and stage at diagnosis, first course of treatment, and follow-up for vital status. The SEER Program is the only comprehensive source of population-based information in the United States that includes stage of cancer at the time of diagnosis and patient survival data.
History.
SEER began collecting data on cancer cases on January 1, 1973, in the states of Connecticut, Iowa, New Mexico, Utah, Hawaii, and the metropolitan areas of Detroit and San Francisco-Oakland. By 2001 the program included information on major population centers in Georgia, Washington, Louisiana, New Jersey, Puerto Rico, Alaska, California, Kentucky. This includes specific Native American populations in Arizona, Alaskan Natives, and Hispanic populations in California. 
National Cancer Institute funds for the program are combined with funding from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) through the National Program of Cancer Registries and with funding from the involved states. 
NCI staff work with the North American Association of Central Cancer Registries (NAACCR) to guide all state registries to achieve data content and compatibility acceptable for pooling data and improving national estimates. The SEER team is developing computer applications to unify cancer registration systems and to analyze and disseminate population-based data. Use of surveillance data for research is being improved through Web-based access to the data and analytic tools, and linking with other national data sources. For example, a web-based tool for public health officials and policy makers, State Cancer Profiles, provides a user-friendly interface for finding cancer statistics for specific states and counties. 
Quality control has been an integral part of SEER since its inception. Every year, studies are conducted in SEER areas to evaluate the quality and completeness of the data being reported.

</doc>
<doc id="18717177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717177" title="Shrek">
Shrek

Shrek is a 2001 American computer-animated fantasy-comedy film produced by PDI/DreamWorks, released by DreamWorks Pictures, directed by Andrew Adamson and Vicky Jenson, featuring the voices of Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, and John Lithgow. It is loosely based on William Steig's 1990 fairy tale picture book "Shrek!", and somewhat serves as a parody film, targeting other films adapted from numerous children's fantasies (mainly animated Disney films). The film made notable use of popular music; the soundtrack includes music by Smash Mouth, Eels, Joan Jett, The Proclaimers, Jason Wade, Baha Men, and John Cale (covering Leonard Cohen).
The rights to the books were originally bought by Steven Spielberg in 1991, before the founding of DreamWorks, when he thought about making a traditionally animated film based on the book. However, John H. Williams convinced him to bring the film to DreamWorks in 1994, the time the studio was founded, and the film was put quickly into active development by Jeffrey Katzenberg after the rights were bought by the studio in 1995. "Shrek" originally cast Chris Farley to do the voice for the title character, recording about 80%–90% of his dialog. After Farley died in 1997 before he could finish, Mike Myers was brought in to work for the character, who after his first recording decided to record his voice in a Scottish accent. The film was also originally planned to be motion-captured, but after poor results, the studio decided to get PDI to help "Shrek" get its final computer-animated look.
Earning $484.4 million at the worldwide box office, the film was a critical and commercial success. "Shrek" also received promotion from food chains such as Baskin-Robbins (promoting the film's DVD release) and Burger King. It was acclaimed as an animated film worthy of adult interest, with many adult-oriented jokes and themes but a simple enough plot and humour to appeal to children. "Shrek" won the first ever Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. The film was also nominated for six British Academy of Film and Television Arts awards, including the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role for Eddie Murphy for his voice-over performance as Donkey, and won the BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. The film's main (and title) character was awarded his own star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in May 2010.
"Shrek" established DreamWorks Animation as a prime competitor to Pixar in the field of feature film animation, particularly in computer animation. The film's success prompted DreamWorks to create three sequels, "Shrek 2", "Shrek the Third", and "Shrek Forever After", two holiday specials, "Shrek the Halls" and "Scared Shrekless", and a spin-off film, "Puss in Boots". A fifth film, planned as the last of the series, was cancelled in 2009 with the announcement that the fourth film would conclude the series. The film's success also inspired other merchandise, such as video games, a stage musical and even a comic book by Dark Horse Comics.
Plot.
Shrek, a grouchy, terrifying green ogre who loves the solitude in his swamp, finds his life interrupted when many fairytale characters are exiled there by order of the fairytale-hating Lord Farquaad. Shrek tells them that he will go ask Farquaad to send them back. He brings along a talking Donkey who is the only fairytale creature who knows the way to Duloc.
Farquaad tortures the Gingerbread Man into giving the location of the remaining fairytale creatures until his guards rush in with something he has been searching for: the Magic Mirror. He asks The Mirror if his kingdom is the fairest of them all but is told that he is not even a king. To be a king he must marry a princess and is given three options, from which he chooses Princess Fiona, who is locked in a castle tower guarded by lava and a dragon. The Mirror tries to mention "the little thing that happens at night" but is ignored.
Shrek and Donkey arrive at Farquaad's palace in Duloc, where they end up in a tournament. The winner gets the "privilege" of rescuing Fiona so that Farquaad may marry her. Shrek and Donkey easily defeat the other knights in wrestling-match fashion, and Farquaad agrees to move the fairytale creatures from his swamp if Shrek rescues Fiona.
Shrek and Donkey travel to the castle and split up to find Fiona. Donkey encounters the dragon and sweet-talks the beast before learning that it is female. Dragon takes a liking to him and carries him to her chambers. Shrek finds Fiona, who is appalled at his lack of romanticism. As they leave, Shrek saves Donkey, caught in Dragon's tender clutches, and causes her to chase them all out of the castle. At first, Fiona is thrilled to be rescued but is quickly disappointed when Shrek takes his helmet off and reveals he is an ogre.
As the three journey to Duloc, Fiona urges the two to camp out for the night while she sleeps in a cave. Shrek and Donkey stargaze while Shrek tells stories about great ogres and says that he will build a wall around his swamp when he returns. When Donkey persistently asks why, he sadly confesses that everyone judges him before knowing him; therefore, he feels he is better off alone, despite Donkey's admittance that he did not immediately judge him when they met.
Along the way, Shrek and Fiona find they have more in common and fall in love. The trio is almost at Duloc, and that night Fiona shelters in a windmill. When Donkey hears strange noises coming from it, he finds Fiona turned into an ogre. She explains her childhood curse and transforms each night, which is why she was locked away, and that only her true love's kiss will return her to her "love's true form". Shrek, about to confess his feelings for Fiona with a sunflower, partly overhears them, and is heartbroken as he mistakes her disgust with her transformation to an "ugly beast" as disgust with him. Fiona makes Donkey promise not to tell Shrek, vowing to do it herself, but when morning comes, Shrek has brought Lord Farquaad to Fiona. The couple return to Duloc, while a hurt Shrek angrily leaves his friendship with Donkey and returns to his now-vacated swamp, remembering what Fiona "said" about him.
Despite his privacy, Shrek is miserable and misses Fiona. Furious at Shrek, Donkey comes to the swamp where Shrek says he overheard Donkey and Fiona's conversation. Donkey keeps his promise to Fiona and tells Shrek that she was talking about someone else. He accepts Shrek's apology and tells him that Fiona will be getting married soon, urging Shrek into action to gain Fiona's love. They travel to Duloc quickly, thanks to Dragon, who had escaped her confines and followed Donkey.
Shrek interrupts the wedding before Farquaad can kiss Fiona. He tells her that Farquaad is not her true love and only marrying her to become king. The sun sets, which turns Fiona into an ogre in front of everyone in the church, causing Shrek to fully understand what he overheard. Farquaad, disgusted by Fiona, orders Shrek killed and Fiona imprisoned. Shrek whistles for Dragon who bursts in along with Donkey and devours Farquaad. Shrek and Fiona admit their love and share a kiss; Fiona is bathed in light as her curse is broken but is surprised that she is still an ogre, as she thought she would become beautiful, to which Shrek replies that she is beautiful. They marry in the swamp and leave on their honeymoon while the rest celebrate by singing "I'm a Believer".
Production.
Development.
At the time DreamWorks was founded, producer John H. Williams got hold of the book from his children, and when he brought it to DreamWorks, it caught Jeffrey Katzenberg's attention and the studio decided to make it into a movie. After buying the rights to the film, Katzenberg quickly put the film in active development in November 1995. Steven Spielberg had thought about making a traditionally animated film of the book before, when he bought the rights to the book in 1991, before the founding of DreamWorks, where Bill Murray would play Shrek and Steve Martin would play Donkey. In the beginning of production, co-director Andrew Adamson refused to be intimidated by Katzenberg, and had an argument with him how much should the film appeal to adults. Katzenberg wanted both audiences, but he found some of Adamson's ideas about adding sexual jokes and Guns N' Roses music to the soundtrack a bit too outrageous. Andrew Adamson and Kelly Asbury joined in 1997 to co-direct the film. However, Asbury left a year later for work on the 2002 film "", and was replaced with story artist Vicky Jenson. Both Adamson and Jenson decided to work on the film in half, so the crew could at least know who to go to with specific detail questions about the film's sequences; "We both ended up doing a lot of everything", Adamson said. "We're both kinda control freaks, and we both wanted to do everything."
Some early sketches of Shrek's house were done in 1996 through 1997 using Photoshop, with the sketches showing Shrek first living in a garbage dump near a human village called Wart Creek. It was also thought one time that he lived with his parents and kept rotting fish in his bedroom. Donkey was modeled after "Pericles" (born 1994; also known as "Perry"), a real miniature donkey from Barron Park, Palo Alto, California. Raman Hui, supervising animator of "Shrek", stated that Fiona "wasn't based on any real person." and he did many different sketches for Princess Fiona and had done over 100 sculptures of Fiona before the directors picked the final design. In early development, the Art Directors visited Hearst Castle, Stratford upon Avon and Dordogne for inspiration. Art Director Douglas Rogers visited a magnolia plantation in Charleston, South Carolina for inspiration for Shrek's swamp. Planned characters not used in the film include Goldilocks and Sleeping Beauty.
Casting.
Chris Farley was planned to do the voice for Shrek which he recorded 80 to 90% (or 95% according to Farley's brother Tom) of the dialogue for the character, but died before completing the project. DreamWorks then re-cast the voice role to Mike Myers, who insisted on a complete script rewrite, to leave no traces of Farley's version of Shrek. After Myers had completed providing the voice for the character, when the film was well into production, he asked to re-record all of his lines in a Scottish accent similar to the one his mother had used when she told him bedtime stories and also used for his roles in other films such as, "So I Married an Axe Murderer" and "". After hearing the alternative, Katzenberg agreed to redo scenes in the film, saying, "It was so good we took $4m worth of animation out and did it again." Because of Myers voicing the character, more ideas began to come. There were clearer story points, fresher gags and comedy bits. Myers said: "I got a letter from Spielberg thanking me so much for caring about the character ... And he said the Scottish accent had improved the movie."
Another person planned to voice a character in the film was Janeane Garofalo, who was set to star alongside Farley as Princess Fiona. However, she was fired from the project with little explanation. Years later, Garofalo stated "I was never told why was fired. I assume because I sound like a man sometimes? I don't know why. Nobody told me ... But, you know, the movie didn't do anything, so who cares?"
Animation.
"Shrek" was originally set up to be a live-action/CG animation hybrid with background plate miniature sets and the main characters composited into the scene as motion-captured computer graphics, using an ExpertVision Hires Falcon 10 camera system to capture and apply realistic human movement to the characters. A sizable crew was hired to run a test, and after a year and a half of R & D, the test was finally screened in May 1997. The results were not satisfactory, with Katzenberg stating, "It looked terrible, it didn't work, it wasn't funny, and we didn't like it." The studio then turned to its production partners at PDI, who began production with the studio in 1998 and helped "Shrek" to get its final, computer-animated look. At this time, "Antz" was still in production by the studio and Effects Supervisor Ken Bielenberg was asked by Aron Warner "to start development for Shrek." Similar to previous PDI films, PDI used its own proprietary software (like its own Fluid Animation System) for its animated movies. However, for some elements it also took advantage of some of the powerhouse animation software that was in the market. This is particularly true with Maya, which PDI used for most of its dynamic cloth animation and for the hair of Fiona and Farquaad.
"We did a lot of work on character and set-up, and then kept changing the set up while we were doing the animation," Hui noted. "In "Antz", we had a facial system that gave us all the facial muscles under the skin. In "Shrek", we applied that to whole body. So if you pay attention to Shrek when he talks, you see that when he opens his jaw, he forms a double chin, because we have the fat and the muscles underneath. That kind of detail took us a long time to get right." One of the most difficult parts of creating the film was making Donkey's fur flow smoothly so that it didn't look like a Chia Pet's fur. This fell into the hands of the surfacing animators who used flow controls within a complex shader to provide the fur with many attributes (ability to change directions, lie flat, swirl, etc.). It was then the job of the visual effects group, lead by Ken Bielenberg, to make the fur react to environment conditions. Once the technology was mastered, it was able to be applied to many aspects of the Shrek movie including grass, moss, beards, eyebrows, and even threads on Shrek's tunic. Making human hair realistic was different from Donkey's fur, requiring a separate rendering system and a lot of attention from the lighting and visual effects teams.
Aron Warner said that the creators "envisioned a magical environment that you could immerse yourself into." Shrek includes 36 separate in-film locations to make the world of the film, which DreamWorks claimed was more than any previous computer animated feature before. In-film locations were finalized and as demonstrated by past DreamWorks animated movies, color and mood was of the utmost importance.
Music.
"Shrek" is the third DreamWorks animated film (and the only film in the Shrek series) to have Harry Gregson-Williams team up with John Powell to composes the score (after "Antz" (1998) and "Chicken Run" (2000)).
"Shrek" introduced a new element to give the film a unique feel. The film used pop music and other Oldies to make the story more forward. Covers of songs like "On the Road Again" and "Try a Little Tenderness" were integrated in the film's score. As the film was about to be completed, Katzenberg suggested to the filmmakers to redo the film's ending in order to "go out with a big laugh"; Instead of ending film with just a storybook closing over Shrek and Fiona as they ride off into the sunset, they decided to add a song "I'm a Believer" covered by Smash Mouth and show all the fairytale creatures in the film.
Although Rufus Wainwright's version of the song "Hallelujah" appeared in the soundtrack album, it was John Cale's version that appeared in the film; in a radio interview, Rufus Wainwright suggested that his version of "Hallelujah" did not appear in the film due to the "glass ceiling" he was hitting because of his sexuality. An alternate explanation posits that because Wainwright was an artist for DreamWorks and John Cale was not, thus licensing issues prohibited Cale's version from appearing in the soundtrack album, despite having the filmmakers wanting to have Cale's version appear in the film.
Cultural references.
In many places the film references classic movies, predominantly those by Disney. When Tinker Bell falls on Donkey and he says "I can fly" and people around including the three little pigs say "He can fly, he can fly"; this is a reference to Disney's "Peter Pan". This scene is also a reference to the Disney film "Dumbo", where Donkey says, while flying, "You might have seen a house fly, maybe even a super fly, but I bet you ain't never seen a Donkey fly" The scene where Fiona is singing to the blue bird is a reference to "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs". In addition, Lord Farquaad's theme park style kingdom Duloc heavily mimics Disneyland, even in so far as parodying the famous 'It's A Small World Afterall' musical ride in the scene with the singing puppets.
Release.
Marketing.
In 2000, IMAX released "CyberWorld" onto its branded large-screen theaters. It was a compilation film that featured stereoscopic conversions of various animated shorts and sequences, including the bar sequence in "Antz". DreamWorks was so impressed by the technology used for the sequence's "stereoscopic translation", that the studio and IMAX decided to plan a big-screen 3D version of "Shrek". The film would have been re-released during the Christmas season of 2001, or the following summer, after its conventional 2D release. The re-release would have also included new sequences and an alternate ending. Plans for this was dropped due to "creative changes" instituted by DreamWorks and resulted in a loss of $1.18 million, down from IMAX's profit of $3.24 million.
Radio Disney was told not to allow any ads for the film to air on the station, stating, "Due to recent initiatives with The Walt Disney Company, we are being asked not to align ourselves promotionally with this new release "Shrek". Stations may accept spot dollars only in individual markets."
On May 7, 2001, Burger King began promotions for the film, giving out a selection of nine exclusive Candy Caddies based on the "Shrek" characters, in Big Kids Meal and Kids Meal orders. Ice cream chain Baskin-Robbins also ran an 8-week promotion of the film, selling products such as Shrek's Hot Sludge Sundae, a combination of Oreo Cookies 'n Cream ice cream, hot fudge, crushed chocolate cookies, whipped cream and squiggly gummy worms, and Shrek Freeze Frame Cake, featuring an image of Shrek and Donkey framed by sunflowers. This was to support the film's DVD/VHS release.
Home media.
The film was released on VHS and DVD on November 2, 2001. Both releases included "Shrek in the Swamp Karaoke Dance Party!", a 3-minute musical short film, that takes up right after the "Shrek"'s ending, with film's characters performing a medley of modern pop songs.
"Shrek" was released to video on Friday, the same day that Pixar's "Monsters, Inc." hit theaters. Since videos were traditionally released on Tuesdays, Disney's executives didn't receive this well, saying "that the move seemed like an underhanded attempt to siphon off some of their film's steam". DreamWorks responded that "it simply shifted the release to a Friday to make it more of an event and predicted that it and other studios would do so more frequently with important films." "Monsters, Inc." earned that weekend more than $62 million, breaking the record for an animated film, while the "Shrek"'s video release made more than $100 million, and eventually became the biggest selling DVD of all time with over 5.5 million sales.
A 3D version of the film was released on Blu-ray 3D on December 1, 2010, along with its sequels.
The films were sold separately in 2012.
Reception.
Critical response.
"Shrek" was very well-received, with critics praising "Shrek" as an animated film worthy of adult interest, with many adult-oriented jokes and themes but a simple enough plot and humor to appeal to children. Review aggregate Rotten Tomatoes reports that 88% of critics have given the film a positive review based on 176 reviews, with an average score of 7.7/10. The critical consensus is: "While simultaneously embracing and subverting fairy tales, the irreverent "Shrek" also manages to tweak Disney's nose, provide a moral message to children, and offer viewers a funny, fast-paced ride."
Roger Ebert praised the film, giving it four stars out of a possible four and describing it as "jolly and wicked, filled with sly in-jokes and yet somehow possessing a heart." "USA Today"'s Susan Wloszczyna praised Eddie Murphy's performance, stating it "gives the comic performance of his career, aided by sensational digital artistry, as he brays for the slightly neurotic motormouth." Richard Schickel of "Time" also enjoyed Murphy's role, stating, "No one has ever made a funnier jackass of himself than Murphy." Peter Rainer of "New York magazine" liked the script, also stating that "The animation, directed by Andrew Adamson and Vicky Jenson, is often on the same wriggly, giggly level as the script, although the more "human" characters, such as Princess Fiona and Lord Farquaad, are less interesting than the animals and creatures -- a common pitfall in animated films of all types." Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" gave the film a positive review, saying ""Shrek" is a world-class charmer that could even seduce the Academy when it hands out the first official animation Oscar next year." James Berardinelli of "ReelViews" gave the film three and a half stars out of four, saying ""Shrek" is not a guilty pleasure for sophisticated movie-goers; it is, purely and simply, a pleasure." Kenneth Turan of the "Los Angeles Times" gave the film a positive review, saying "The witty, fractured fairy tale "Shrek" has a solid base of clever writing." Lisa Schwarzbaum of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the film an A-, saying "A kind of palace coup, a shout of defiance, and a coming of age for DreamWorks." Jay Boyar of the "Orlando Sentinel" gave the film a positive review, saying "It's a pleasure to be able to report that the movie both captures and expands upon the book's playful spirit of deconstruction."
Steven Rosen of "The Denver Post" gave the film a positive review, saying "DreamWorks Pictures again proves a name to trust for imaginative, funny animated movies that delight kids and adults equally." Susan Stark of "The Detroit News" gave the film four out of four stars, saying "Swift, sweet, irreverent, rangy and as spirited in the writing and voice work as it is splendid in design." Lou Lumenick of the "New York Post" gave the film four out of four stars, saying "A fat green ogre with a grouchy disposition and worse manners, "Shrek" is the sort of unlikely hero that nobody could love -- except just about everyone who sees this hip and hilarious animated delight." Jami Bernard of the "New York Daily News" gave the film four out of four stars, saying "The brilliance of the voice work, script, direction and animation all serve to make "Shrek" an adorable, infectious work of true sophistication." Rene Rodriguez gave the film three out of four stars, calling it "A gleefully fractured fairy tale that never becomes cynical or crass." Elvis Mitchell of "The New York Times" gave the film four out of five stars, saying "Beating up on the irritatingly dainty Disney trademarks is nothing new; it's just that it has rarely been done with the demolition-derby zest of "Shrek"." William Steig, the author of the original book, and his wife Jeanne Steig also enjoyed the film, stating "We all went sort of expecting to hate it, thinking, 'What has Hollywood done to it?' But we loved it. We were afraid it would be too sickeningly cute and, instead, Bill just thought they did a wonderful, witty job of it."
John Anderson of "Newsday" gave the film a positive review, saying "The kind of movie that will entertain everyone of every age and probably for ages to come." John Zebrowski of "The Seattle Times" gave the film three out of four stars, saying "The movie is helped immensely by its cast, who carry it through some of the early, sluggish scenes. But this is Murphy's movie. Donkey gets most of the good lines, and Murphy hits every one." Jay Carr of "The Boston Globe" gave the film a positive review, saying "In an era when much on film seems old, "Shrek" seems new and fresh and clever." Stephen Hunter of "The Washington Post" gave the film five out of five stars, saying "Despite all its high-tech weirdness, is really that most perdurable of human constructions, a tale told well and true." Joe Baltake of "The Sacramento Bee" gave the film a positive review, saying it "Isn't so much a fractured spoof of everything Disney, but actually a Monty Python flick for kids -- kids of all ages." Andrew Sarris of "The New York Observer" gave the film a positive review, saying "What gives "Shrek" its special artistic distinction is its witty and knowingly sassy dialogue, delivered by vocally charismatic performers whose voices remind us of their stellar screen personae in live-action movies." Lisa Alspector of the "Chicago Reader" gave the film a positive review, saying "This romantic fantasy complicates the roles of beauty and beast, making it hard to guess what form a sensitive resolution will take." Joe Morgenstern of "The Wall Street Journal" gave the film a positive review, saying "The charms of "Shrek", which is based on the children's book by William Steig, go far beyond in-jokes for adults."
Michael Atkinson of "The Village Voice" gave the film a negative review, saying "Desperately avoiding the risk of even a half-second of boredom, the movie is wall-to-window-to-door noise, babbling, and jokes (the first minute sees the first fart gag), and demographically it's a hard-sell shotgun spray." Mark Caro of the "Chicago Tribune" gave the film two and a half stars out of four, saying ""Toy Story 2" had a higher in-jokes/laughs ratio without straining to demonstrate its hipness or to evoke heartfelt emotions." Christy Lemire of the "Associated Press" gave the film a negative review, saying "After a 90-minute onslaught of in-jokes, here's the real punch line: "Shrek" strives to have a heart. Supposedly there's a message about beauty coming from within, but somehow it rings hollow." Anthony Lane of "The New Yorker" gave the film a negative review, saying "However cunning the rendering of surfaces, there's still something flat and charmless in the digital look, and most of the pleasure rises not from the main romance but from the quick, incidental gags."
Box office.
"Shrek" opened in more than 3,587 movie theaters on its 2001 release, with eleven of them showing the film digitally, made possible by the THX Division of Lucasfilm. This was the first time that DreamWorks had shown one of its films digitally. The film earned $11,573,015 on its first day and $42,347,760 on its opening weekend, topping the box office for the weekend and averaging $11,805 from 3,587 theaters. In its second weekend, due to the Memorial Day Weekend holiday, the film gained 0.3 percent to $42,481,425 and $55,215,620 over the four-day weekend, resulting in an overall 30 percent gain. Despite this, the film finished in second place behind "Pearl Harbor" and had an average of $15,240 from expanding to 3,623 sites. In its third weekend, the film retreated 34 percent to $28,172,869 for a $7,695 average from expanding to 3,661 theaters. The film closed on December 6, 2001, after grossing $267,665,011 domestically, along with $216,744,207 overseas, for a worldwide total of $484,409,218. Produced on a $60 million budget, the film was a huge box office smash and is the fourth highest-grossing film of 2001 behind "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone", "", and "Monsters, Inc.".
"Shrek" became the highest-grossing animated film ever to be released in Australia, passing the mark set by "The Lion King" in 1994. In the United Kingdom, "Shrek" regained the top spot at the British box office after being beaten out the previous week by "", earning a $20.3 million since its opening in the UK.
Accolades.
At the 74th Academy Awards, "Shrek" won the first ever Academy Award For Best Animated Feature, beating "Monsters, Inc." and "". "Entertainment Weekly" put it on its end-of-the-decade, "best-of" list, saying, "Prince Charming? So last millennium. This decade, fairy-tale fans — and Princess Fiona — fell for a fat and flatulent Ogre. Now, that's progress." It was nominated for The Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy.
"Shrek" was also nominated for 6 BAFTA Award, including the BAFTA Award for Best Film. Eddie Murphy became the first actor to ever receive a BAFTA nomination for a voice-over performance. The film was also nominated for Best Visual Effects, Best Sound, Best Film Music, and won the BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. "Shrek" was nominated for a dozen Annie Awards from ASIFA-Hollywood, and won eight Annies including Best Animated Feature and Outstanding Individual Achievement for Directing in an Animated Feature Production.
In June 2008, the American Film Institute revealed its "Ten top Ten"; the best ten films in ten "classic" American film genres—after polling over 1,500 people from the creative community "Shrek" was acknowledged as the eighth best film in the animated genre, and the only non-Disney·Pixar film in the Top 10. "Shrek" was also ranked second in a Channel 4 poll of the "100 Greatest Family Films", losing out on the top spot to "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial". In 2005, "Shrek" came sixth in Channel 4's 100 Greatest Cartoons poll behind "The Simpsons", "Tom and Jerry", "South Park", "Toy Story" and "Family Guy". In November 2009, the character, Lord Farquaad, was listed #14 in IGN UK's "Top 15 Fantasy Villains". In 2006, it was ranked third on Bravo's 100 funniest films list.
American Film Institute recognition:
Festivals.
The film was entered into the 2001 Cannes Film Festival, and was the first animated film since Disney's Peter Pan (1953) to receive that honour.
Influence.
Previous films and TV shows, such as "Fractured Fairy Tales" and "The Princess Bride", have parodied the traditional fairy tale. However, "Shrek" itself has noticeably influenced the current generation of mainstream animated films. Particularly after "Shrek 2", animated films began to incorporate more pop culture references and end-film musical numbers. Such elements can be seen in films like "Robots", and "Chicken Little". It also inspired a number of computer animated films which also spoofed fairy tales, or other related story genres, often including adult-oriented humor, most of which were not nearly as successful as "Shrek", such as "Happily N'Ever After", "Igor", and "Hoodwinked!".
Other media.
Several video game adaptations of the film have been published on various game console platforms, including "Shrek" (2001), ' (2002), ' (2002), "" (2002) and "Shrek SuperSlam" (2005). Shrek was also included as a bonus unlockable character in the video game "Tony Hawk's Underground 2" (2004).
In 2003, Dark Horse Comics released a Shrek three-issue mini-series comic book adaptation, written by Mark Evanier, which were collected into a trade paperback.
A musical version, based on the film, with music by Jeanine Tesori and a book and lyrics by David Lindsay-Abaire, opened on Broadway on December 14, 2008, and closed January 3, 2010, running for a total of 441 performances. It starred Brian d'Arcy James in the title role, Sutton Foster as Princess Fiona, Christopher Sieber as Lord Farquaad, Daniel Breaker as Donkey, and John Tartaglia as Pinocchio. The Broadway production was recoded and released on DVD, Blu-ray and digital media. A North American Tour opened July 25, 2010, in Chicago. A London production opened in the West End on June 7, 2011. The musical received many Tony Award nominations and won the 2009 Tony Award for Best Costume Design. It received five Laurence Olivier Award nominations including Best New Musical.
Sequels and spin-offs.
"Shrek" had three sequels which included "Shrek 2", "Shrek the Third" and "Shrek Forever After". Although "Shrek 2" received similar acclaim from critics, the last two movies did not receive as much critical acclaim. They were however still box office hits. There were also two holiday specials called "Shrek the Halls" and "Scared Shrekless", a spin-off called "Puss in Boots" (a prequel to the Shrek series, exploring Puss's origin story and his life prior to meeting Shrek and Donkey) and several shorts. A fifth feature film was also planned for release, but was later cancelled in 2009, after it was decided that "Shrek Forever After" (originally titled "Shrek Goes Fourth") was to be the last film in the series.

</doc>
<doc id="18717180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717180" title="South Bonnie Brae Tract Historic District">
South Bonnie Brae Tract Historic District

The South Bonnie Brae Tract Historic District is a historic district of Victorian houses in Los Angeles, California, along the 1000 block of South Bonnie Brae Street and the 1800 block of West Eleventh Street in the Pico Union section of the city. The homes in the district date to the 1890s and reflect Queen Anne and Colonial Revival architecture. Based on its well-preserved period architecture, the district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18717218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717218" title="Secret Agent 777">
Secret Agent 777

Agente segreto 777 - Operazione Mistero or Secret Agent 777 is a 1965 Italian action spy film directed by Enrico Bomba.

</doc>
<doc id="18717230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717230" title="Bramley, Rotherham">
Bramley, Rotherham

Bramley is a village and civil parish of the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham in South Yorkshire, England, situated roughly 4 miles from central Rotherham and 8 miles from Sheffield city centre. Bramley is bordered by Wickersley, Sunnyside, Ravenfield and Hellaby. Junction 1 of the M18 is situated in Bramley separating the suburb from that of Hellaby and Maltby, South Yorkshire.
According to the 2001 census it had a population of 8,194.
Services.
At present Bramley is home to a number of shops and services. Morrisons Supermarket has a store in Bramley next to the M18 Motorway. Also on this development is Hotel Ibis, McDonalds and a Bannatynes Gym. Just across the dual carriageway on the old Little Chef site is a brand new development comprising Dominos Pizza and Carphone Warehouse. In Bramley Village there is a Betfred betting shop, a Spar supermarket amongst takeaways, an off licence, hair salon, bakery, flower shop, computer shop, fishing tackle.
Bramley is home to some pubs including King Henry (Sizzling Pub) (previously known as The Sportsman and Ball Inn, where new owners and bad reputations prompted a new name), Master Brewer, The Travellers and Sir Jacks. It is also home to three hotels, Elton Hotel (part of the Best Western chain) and Stonecroft Hotel (which are both situated opposite each other) as well as the Hotel Ibis.
Education.
There are no secondary schools in Bramley. Instead, pupils aged 11–18 mostly attend nearby Wickersley School which is situated in Wickersley which is on the border of Wickersley and Bramley. Other students may also attend Maltby School or Thrybergh School, whilst many attend St Bernards Roman Catholic School.
Public transport.
Bramley is served by the following buses:
1 - Rotherham -> Maltby
1a - Rotherham -> Ravenfield
2 - Rotherham -> Maltby
3 - Rotherham -> Ravenfield via Hospital
4 - Rotherham -> Ravenfield via Dalton
10 - Rotherham -> Maltby via Hospital
10a - Rotherham -> Maltby via Hospital
13 - Rotherham -> Bramley
13a - Rotherham -> Bramley
18 - Doncaster -> Dinnington
18a- Doncaster -> Dinnington via Wickersley
87 - Meadowhall -> Maltby or Tickhill
X7 - Sheffield -> Bawtry

</doc>
<doc id="18717253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717253" title="Edward Alexander Kelley Hackett House">
Edward Alexander Kelley Hackett House

The Edward Alexander Kelley Hackett House is a historic Craftsman-style house in the Pico-Union neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. Built in 1901, the house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in May 2003 based on its well-preserved Craftsman architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="18717261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717261" title="Trigonometry">
Trigonometry

Trigonometry (from Greek "trigōnon", "triangle" + "metron", "measure") is a branch of mathematics that studies relationships involving lengths and angles of triangles. The field emerged during the 3rd century BC from applications of geometry to astronomical studies.
The 3rd-century astronomers first noted that the lengths of the sides of a right-angle triangle and the angles between those sides have fixed relationships: that is, if at least the length of one side and the value of one angle is known, then all other angles and lengths can be determined algorithmically. These calculations soon came to be defined as the trigonometric functions and today are pervasive in both pure and applied mathematics: fundamental methods of analysis such as the Fourier transform, for example, or the wave equation, use trigonometric functions to understand cyclical phenomena across many applications in fields as diverse as physics, mechanical and electrical engineering, music and acoustics, astronomy, ecology, and biology. Trigonometry is also the foundation of the practical art of surveying.
Trigonometry is most simply associated with planar right-angle triangles (each of which is a two-dimensional triangle with one angle equal to 90 degrees). The applicability to non-right-angle triangles exists, but, since any non-right-angle triangle (on a flat plane) can be bisected to create two right-angle triangles, most problems can be reduced to calculations on right-angle triangles. Thus the majority of applications relate to right-angle triangles. One exception to this is spherical trigonometry, the study of triangles on spheres, surfaces of constant positive curvature, in elliptic geometry (a fundamental part of astronomy and navigation). Trigonometry on surfaces of negative curvature is part of hyperbolic geometry.
Trigonometry basics are often taught in school, either as a separate course or as a part of a precalculus course.
History.
Sumerian astronomers studied angle measure, using a division of circles into 360 degrees. They, and later the Babylonians, studied the ratios of the sides of similar triangles and discovered some properties of these ratios, but did not turn that into a systematic method for finding sides and angles of triangles. The ancient Nubians used a similar method. The ancient Greeks transformed trigonometry into an ordered science.
In the 3rd century BCE, classical Greek mathematicians (such as Euclid and Archimedes) studied the properties of chords and inscribed angles in circles, and proved theorems that are equivalent to modern trigonometric formulae, although they presented them geometrically rather than algebraically. Claudius Ptolemy expanded upon Hipparchus' "Chords in a Circle" in his "Almagest". 
The modern sine function was first defined in the "Surya Siddhanta", and its properties were further documented by the 5th century (CE) Indian mathematician and astronomer Aryabhata. These Greek and Indian works were translated and expanded by medieval Islamic mathematicians. By the 10th century, Islamic mathematicians were using all six trigonometric functions, had tabulated their values, and were applying them to problems in spherical geometry. At about the same time, Chinese mathematicians developed trigonometry independently, although it was not a major field of study for them. Knowledge of trigonometric functions and methods reached Europe via Latin translations of the works of Persian and Arabic astronomers such as Al Battani and Nasir al-Din al-Tusi. One of the earliest works on trigonometry by a European mathematician is "De Triangulis" by the 15th century German mathematician Regiomontanus. Trigonometry was still so little known in 16th-century Europe that Nicolaus Copernicus devoted two chapters of "De revolutionibus orbium coelestium" to explain its basic concepts.
Driven by the demands of navigation and the growing need for accurate maps of large geographic areas, trigonometry grew into a major branch of mathematics. Bartholomaeus Pitiscus was the first to use the word, publishing his "Trigonometria" in 1595. Gemma Frisius described for the first time the method of triangulation still used today in surveying. It was Leonhard Euler who fully incorporated complex numbers into trigonometry. The works of James Gregory in the 17th century and Colin Maclaurin in the 18th century were influential in the development of trigonometric series. Also in the 18th century, Brook Taylor defined the general Taylor series.
Overview.
If one angle of a triangle is 90 degrees and one of the other angles is known, the third is thereby fixed, because the three angles of any triangle add up to 180 degrees. The two acute angles therefore add up to 90 degrees: they are complementary angles. The shape of a triangle is completely determined, except for similarity, by the angles. Once the angles are known, the ratios of the sides are determined, regardless of the overall size of the triangle. If the length of one of the sides is known, the other two are determined. These ratios are given by the following trigonometric functions of the known angle "A", where "a", " b" and "c" refer to the lengths of the sides in the accompanying figure:
The hypotenuse is the side opposite to the 90 degree angle in a right triangle; it is the longest side of the triangle, and one of the two sides adjacent to angle "A". The adjacent leg is the other side that is adjacent to angle "A". The opposite side is the side that is opposite to angle "A". The terms perpendicular and base are sometimes used for the opposite and adjacent sides respectively. Many people find it easy to remember what sides of the right triangle are equal to sine, cosine, or tangent, by memorizing the word SOH-CAH-TOA (see below under Mnemonics).
The reciprocals of these functions are named the cosecant (csc or cosec), secant (sec), and cotangent (cot), respectively:
The inverse functions are called the arcsine, arccosine, and arctangent, respectively. There are arithmetic relations between these functions, which are known as trigonometric identities. The cosine, cotangent, and cosecant are so named because they are respectively the sine, tangent, and secant of the complementary angle abbreviated to "co-".
With these functions one can answer virtually all questions about arbitrary triangles by using the law of sines and the law of cosines. These laws can be used to compute the remaining angles and sides of any triangle as soon as two sides and their included angle or two angles and a side or three sides are known. These laws are useful in all branches of geometry, since every polygon may be described as a finite combination of triangles.
Extending the definitions.
The above definitions apply to angles between 0 and 90 degrees (0 and π/2 radians) only. Using the unit circle, one can extend them to all positive and negative arguments (see trigonometric function). The trigonometric functions are periodic, with a period of 360 degrees or 2π radians. That means their values repeat at those intervals. The tangent and cotangent functions also have a shorter period, of 180 degrees or π radians.
The trigonometric functions can be defined in other ways besides the geometrical definitions above, using tools from calculus and infinite series. With these definitions the trigonometric functions can be defined for complex numbers. The complex exponential function is particularly useful.
See Euler's and De Moivre's formulas.
Mnemonics.
A common use of mnemonics is to remember facts and relationships in trigonometry. For example, the "sine", "cosine", and "tangent" ratios in a right triangle can be remembered by representing them as strings of letters. For instance, a mnemonic is SOH-CAH-TOA:
One way to remember the letters is to sound them out phonetically (i.e., "SOH-CAH-TOA", which is pronounced 'so-kə-toe-uh' ). Another method is to expand the letters into a sentence, such as "Some Old Hippy Caught Another Hippy Trippin' On Acid".
Calculating trigonometric functions.
Trigonometric functions were among the earliest uses for mathematical tables. Such tables were incorporated into mathematics textbooks and students were taught to look up values and how to interpolate between the values listed to get higher accuracy. Slide rules had special scales for trigonometric functions.
Today scientific calculators have buttons for calculating the main trigonometric functions (sin, cos, tan, and sometimes cis and their inverses). Most allow a choice of angle measurement methods: degrees, radians, and sometimes grad. Most computer programming languages provide function libraries that include the trigonometric functions. The floating point unit hardware incorporated into the microprocessor chips used in most personal computers have built-in instructions for calculating trigonometric functions.
Applications of trigonometry.
There are an enormous number of uses of trigonometry and trigonometric functions. For instance, the technique of triangulation is used in astronomy to measure the distance to nearby stars, in geography to measure distances between landmarks, and in satellite navigation systems. The sine and cosine functions are fundamental to the theory of periodic functions such as those that describe sound and light waves.
Fields that use trigonometry or trigonometric functions include astronomy (especially for locating apparent positions of celestial objects, in which spherical trigonometry is essential) and hence navigation (on the oceans, in aircraft, and in space), music theory, audio synthesis, acoustics, optics, analysis of financial markets, electronics, probability theory, statistics, biology, medical imaging (CAT scans and ultrasound), pharmacy, chemistry, number theory (and hence cryptology), seismology, meteorology, oceanography, many physical sciences, land surveying and geodesy, architecture, phonetics, economics, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, civil engineering, computer graphics, cartography, crystallography and game development.
Pythagorean identities.
Identities are those equations that hold true for any value.
Common formulas.
Certain equations involving trigonometric functions are true for all angles and are known as "trigonometric identities." Some identities equate an expression to a different expression involving the same angles. These are listed in List of trigonometric identities. Triangle identities that relate the sides and angles of a given triangle are listed below.
In the following identities, "A", "B" and "C" are the angles of a triangle and "a", "b" and "c" are the lengths of sides of the triangle opposite the respective angles.
Law of sines.
The law of sines (also known as the "sine rule") for an arbitrary triangle states:
where "R" is the radius of the circumscribed circle of the triangle:
Another law involving sines can be used to calculate the area of a triangle. Given two sides and the angle between the sides, the area of the triangle is:
Law of cosines.
The law of cosines (known as the cosine formula, or the "cos rule") is an extension of the Pythagorean theorem to arbitrary triangles:
or equivalently:
Law of tangents.
The law of tangents:
Euler's formula.
Euler's formula, which states that formula_21, produces the following analytical identities for sine, cosine, and tangent in terms of "e" and the imaginary unit "i":

</doc>
<doc id="18717269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717269" title="North Suburban Conference">
North Suburban Conference

North Suburban Conference may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18717285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717285" title="Ellington Airport (Connecticut)">
Ellington Airport (Connecticut)

Ellington Airport is a privately owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) north of the central business district of Ellington, a town in Tolland County, Connecticut, United States.
The airport, which is open to the public, is one of two Connecticut airports that is state certified as a parachute jump zone. Connecticut Parachutists Inc. has its home base at the airport.
Facilities and aircraft.
Ellington Airport covers an area of 15 acres (6 ha) at an elevation of 253 feet (77 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 1/19 with an asphalt surface measuring 1,800 by 50 feet (549 x 15 m).
For the 12-month period ending April 23, 2009, the airport had 29,120 aircraft operations, an average of 79 per day: 99.9% general aviation and 0.1% air taxi. At that time there were 34 aircraft based at this airport: 59% single-engine, 23% helicopter, and 18% ultralight.

</doc>
<doc id="18717290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717290" title="Jews and Buddhism (documentary)">
Jews and Buddhism (documentary)

Jews and Buddhism: Belief Amended, Faith Revealed is a documentary narrated by Sharon Stone that compiles interviews and archival footage of prominent Jewish, Buddhist, and Jewish-Buddhist personalities—including the Dalai Lama, David Ben-Gurion, Allen Ginsberg, Rabbi Allen Lew, Sylvia Boorstein, and many others—to explore the new phenomenon of American Jews who have expanded their faith by drawing from Buddhist traditions.
Summary.
More than 30% of non-Asian Buddhists are Jews – and many have become leaders in the spiritual movement. 29, 2010: The latest Pew Forum research shows that this number is highly suspect. The real number is probably no more than 6%.
The influence of Buddhism is profoundly changing what it means to worship at synagogue. Rabbi Allen Lew explains that in his synagogue he leads his followers in meditation before prayer services four times a week. He believes that Buddhist practices can open spiritual doors to enhance Jewish tradition.
Beat poet Allen Ginsberg, who considered himself a non-theistic Jew, found solace in Eastern religion. A leader in the counterculture movement, Ginsberg explored Buddhist meditation and belief and expressed his spiritual discontent in his poetry. "Jerusalems hated walls, I couldn't get over the holy side and weep where I was supposed to by history," he wrote cynically about his trip to Israel in the poem "Angkor Wat", continuing, "Returning home at last, years later as prophesied, is this the way I'm supposed to feel?"
Judaism and Buddhism are not complementary ideologies that always fit snugly inside one another. The film points to the fact that the ancient traditions have profound, unavoidable differences. For one thing, most Jews believe in one God, and Buddhists believe in no God.
The film shows an archival television interview of Israel's first Prime Minister, David Ben-Gurion and his old friend, the Buddhist former Prime Minister of Burma as they discuss religion. Before they begin, the Prime Minister from Burma blurts out, "How is your wife? How is Mrs. Ben-Gurion?" His question is full of genuine interest and sets the tone of their debate, what seems to be the understanding that their religious differences are trumped by something more important—their human connection.
See also.
Other films about American Jews:

</doc>
<doc id="18717294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717294" title="Altorado, Alberta">
Altorado, Alberta

Altorado is a ghost town in Forty Mile County, Alberta, Canada.
The community was originally settled during the creation of a Canadian Pacific Railway line from Weyburn, Saskatchewan to Stirling, Alberta in an attempt to profit from railway trade. During 1912 - 1913, pioneers, mainly Mormons, settled at Altorado, located southeast of present-day Foremost. By 1913, the population was in the neighborhood of 100 people, and the town boasted a doctor, a post office, two general stores, and three blacksmiths. 
However, in 1913, the line bypassed the community and began the town of Foremost, and the community became non-viable. 

</doc>
<doc id="18717317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717317" title="1921 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1921 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The 1921 College Basketball All-American team, as chosen by the Helms Foundation. The player highlighted by gold indicates that he was chosen as the Helms Foundation Player of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="18717325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717325" title="Lincoln (tree)">
Lincoln (tree)

The Lincoln Tree is the name of a huge giant sequoia located in Giant Forest in Sequoia National Park. It is currently considered by many to be the fourth largest tree in the world. Wendell Flint, in his book "To Find The Biggest Tree", Sequoia Natural History Association (2002) stated that the Lincoln Tree has a volume of . However, White and Pusateri, in "Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Parks", Stanford University Press (1949) indicated that the volume of the Lincoln Tree based on measurements made in the 1930s is , which would make the Lincoln Tree the second largest tree in the world, after the General Sherman Tree. Wendell Flint was somewhat critical of the earlier measurements and he stated that he thought that it was appropriate to exclude a portion of the irregular base of the tree from his volume calculations, which in addition to some extrapolation differences from the earlier measurements, explains the smaller volume of that he obtained compared to the earlier figure. Although he chose to exclude it, Flint stated that the excluded portion of the base could just as easily be included in the calculations, presumably leading to the alternative volume of The Lincoln Tree has a maximum base diameter of 36.4 feet. Nearby trees include the President Tree, the Washington Tree, the Adams Tree, and the Franklin Tree. All of these trees are of great size, although the Washington Tree lost the hollow upper half of its trunk in 2005 after a fire.

</doc>
<doc id="18717336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717336" title="Machell-Seaman House">
Machell-Seaman House

The Machell-Seaman House, also known as the Seaman House and the Seaman-Foshay House, is a Queen Anne-Eastlake style Victorian house in the West Adams section of Los Angeles, California. The house was built in 1888 and designed by architect Joseph Cather Newsom. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 based on its well-preserved architecture. In 1989, it was declared a Historic-Cultural Monument (No. 408) by the Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="18717338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717338" title="United States dollar">
United States dollar

The United States dollar (sign: $; code: USD; also abbreviated US$), is referred to as the U.S. dollar, or Federal Reserve Note. It is the official currency of the United States and its overseas territories. It is divided into 100 smaller units called cents.
The U.S. dollar is the fiat currency most used in international transactions and is one of the world's most dominant reserve currencies. Several countries use it as their official currency, and in many others it is the "de facto" currency. It is also used as the sole currency in two British Overseas Territories: the British Virgin Islands and the Turks and Caicos islands.
Overview.
The Constitution of the United States of America provides that the United States Congress has the power "To coin money". Laws implementing this power are currently codified in Section 5112 of Title 31 of the United States Code. Section 5112 prescribes the forms, in which the United States dollars should be issued. These coins are both designated in Section 5112 as "legal tender" in payment of debts. The Sacagawea dollar is one example of the copper alloy dollar. The pure silver dollar is known as the American Silver Eagle. Section 5112 also provides for the minting and issuance of other coins, which have values ranging from one cent to fifty dollars. These other coins are more fully described in Coins of the United States dollar.
The Constitution provides that "a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time". That provision of the Constitution is made specific by Section 331 of Title 31 of the United States Code. The sums of money reported in the "Statements" are currently being expressed in U.S. dollars (for example, see the "2009 Financial Report of the United States Government"). The U.S. dollar may therefore be described as the unit of account of the United States.
The word "dollar" is one of the words in the first paragraph of Section 9 of Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. In that context, "dollars" is a reference to the Spanish milled dollar, a coin that had a monetary value of 8 Spanish units of currency, or reales. In 1792 the U.S. Congress adopted legislation titled "An act establishing a mint, and regulating the Coins of the United States". Section 9 of that act authorized the production of various coins, including "DOLLARS OR UNITS—each to be of the value of a Spanish milled dollar as the same is now current, and to contain three hundred and seventy-one grains and four sixteenth parts of a grain of pure, or four hundred and sixteen grains of standard silver". Section 20 of the act provided, "That the money of account of the United States shall be expressed in dollars, or units... and that all accounts in the public offices and all proceedings in the courts of the United States shall be kept and had in conformity to this regulation". In other words, this act designated the United States dollar as the "unit of currency" of the United States.
Unlike the Spanish milled dollar the U.S. dollar is based upon a decimal system of values. In addition to the dollar the coinage act officially established monetary units of "mill" or one-thousandth of a dollar (symbol ₥), "cent" or one-hundredth of a dollar (symbol ¢), "dime" or one-tenth of a dollar, and "eagle" or ten dollars, with prescribed weights and composition of gold, silver, or copper for each. It was proposed in the mid-1800s that one hundred dollars be known as a "union", but no union coins were ever struck and only patterns for the $50 half union exist. However, only cents are in everyday use as divisions of the dollar; "dime" is used solely as the name of the coin with the value of 10¢, while "eagle" and "mill" are largely unknown to the general public, though mills are sometimes used in matters of tax levies, and gasoline prices are usually in the form of $X.XX9 per gallon, e.g., $3.599, sometimes written as $3.59. When currently issued in circulating form, denominations equal to or less than a dollar are emitted as U.S. coins while denominations equal to or greater than a dollar are emitted as Federal Reserve notes (with the exception of gold, silver and platinum coins valued up to $100 as legal tender, but worth far more as bullion). Both one-dollar coins and notes are produced today, although the note form is significantly more common. In the past, "paper money" was occasionally issued in denominations less than a dollar (fractional currency) and gold coins were issued for circulation up to the value of $20 (known as the "double eagle," discontinued in the 1930s). The term "eagle" was used in the Coinage Act of 1792 for the denomination of ten dollars, and subsequently was used in naming gold coins. Paper currency less than one dollar in denomination, known as "fractional currency," was also sometimes pejoratively referred to as "shinplasters." In 1854, James Guthrie, then Secretary of the Treasury, proposed creating $100, $50 and $25 gold coins, which were referred to as a "Union," "Half Union," and "Quarter Union," thus implying a denomination of 1 Union = $100.
Today, USD notes are made from cotton fiber paper, unlike most common paper, which is made of wood fiber. U.S. coins are produced by the United States Mint. U.S. dollar banknotes are printed by the Bureau of Engraving and Printing and, since 1914, have been issued by the Federal Reserve. The "large-sized notes" issued before 1928 measured by ; small-sized notes, introduced that year, measure by by . When the current, smaller sized U.S. currency was introduced it was referred to as Philippine-sized currency because the Philippines had previously adopted the same size for its legal currency.
Etymology.
In the 16th century, Count Hieronymus Schlick of Bohemia began minting coins known as "Joachimstalers" (from German "thal," or nowadays usually "Tal," "valley", cognate with "dale" in English), named for Joachimstal, the valley where the silver was mined (St. Joachim's Valley, now Jáchymov; then part of the Holy Roman Empire, now part of the Czech Republic). Joachimstaler was later shortened to the German "Taler", a word that eventually found its way into Danish and Swedish as "daler", Dutch as "daler" or "daalder", Ethiopian as ታላሪ (talari), Hungarian as "tallér", Italian as "tallero", and English as "dollar". Alternatively, "thaler" is said to come from the German coin "Guldengroschen" ("great guilder", being of silver but equal in value to a gold guilder), minted from the silver from Joachimsthal.
The coins minted at Joachimsthal soon lent their name to other coins of similar size and weight from other places. One such example, was a Dutch coin depicting a lion, hence its Dutch name leeuwendaler (English "lion" daler).
The leeuwendaler was authorized to contain 427.16 grains of .750 fine silver and passed locally for between 36 to 42 stuivers. It was lighter than the large denomination coins then in circulation, thus it was more advantageous for a Dutch merchant to pay a foreign debt in leeuwendalers and it became the coin of choice for foreign trade.
The leeuwendaler was popular in the Dutch East Indies and in the Dutch New Netherland Colony (New York), and circulated throughout the Thirteen Colonies during the 17th and early 18th centuries. It was also popular throughout Eastern Europe where it lead to the current Romanian and Moldovan currency being called leu(literally "lion").
Among the English-speaking community the coin came popularly to be known as lion dollar – and is in fact the origin of the name Dollar. The modern American-English pronunciation of "dollar" is still remarkably close to the 17th-century Dutch pronunciation of "daler".
By analogy with this lion dollar, Spanish pesos – with the same weight and shape as the lion dollar – came to be known as "Spanish" dollars. By the mid-18th century, the lion dollar had been replaced by Spanish dollar, the famous "piece of eight", which were distributed widely in the Spanish colonies in the New World and in the Philippines.
Eventually dollar became the name of the first official American currency.
Nicknames.
The colloquialism ""buck"" (much like the British word ""quid"" for the pound sterling) is often used to refer to dollars of various nations, including the U.S. dollar. This term, dating to the 18th century, may have originated with the colonial leather trade. It may also have originated from a poker term. ""Greenback"" is another nickname originally applied specifically to the 19th century Demand Note dollars created by Abraham Lincoln to finance the costs of the Civil War for the North. The original note was printed in black and green on the back side. It is still used to refer to the U.S. dollar (but not to the dollars of other countries). Other well-known names of the dollar as a whole in denominations include ""greenmail"", ""green"" and ""dead presidents"" (the last because deceased presidents are pictured on most bills).
A ""grand"", sometimes shortened to simply ""G"", is a common term for the amount of $1,000. The suffix ""K"" or ""k"" (from "kilo-") is also commonly used to denote this amount (such as "$10k" to mean $10,000). A ""large"" or ""stack"", it is usually a reference to a multiple of $1,000 (such as ""fifty large"" meaning $50,000). The $100 bill is nicknamed ""Benjamin"" or ""Franklin"" (after Benjamin Franklin), ""C-note"" (C being the Roman numeral for 100), ""Century note"" or ""bill"" (e.g. ""two bills"" being $200). The $20 bill is referred to as ""double sawbuck"", ""Jackson"" (after Andrew Jackson), or "double eagle". The $10 bill—as ""sawbuck"", ""ten-spot"" or ""Hamilton"" (after Alexander Hamilton). The $5 bill as ""fin"", ""fiver"" or ""five-spot"". The $2 bill is sometimes called ""deuce"", ""Tom"", or ""Jefferson"" (after Thomas Jefferson). The $1 bill as a ""single"" or ""buck"". The dollar has also been referred to as a ""bone"" and ""bones"" in plural (e.g. ""twenty bones"" is equal to $20). The newer designs are sometimes referred to as ""Bigface"" bills or "Monopoly money".
In French-speaking areas of Louisiana, the dollar is referred to as ""piastre"" or ""piasse"" (pronounced "pee-as") and the French holdover ""sou"" (pronounced "soo") is used to refer to the cent.
In El Salvador, the dollar replaced the Salvadoran colón under the presidency of Francisco Flores Pérez.
In Panama, the equivalent of buck is ""palo"" (literally "stick"). Also, the Panamanian balboa is directly tied to the U.S. dollar, and USDs are frequently used in place of the minted Panamanian currency.
In Ecuador, the dollar is referred to as ""plata"" (literally "silver").
In Peru, a nickname for the U.S. dollar is ""coco"", which is a pet name for "Jorge" (""George"" in Spanish), a reference to the portrait of George Washington on the $1 note.
Puerto Ricans, both living in Puerto Rico and in the United States, may refer to the dollar as ""peso"".
In some places in Mexico, prices in U.S. dollars are referred to as ""en americano"" ("in American"), or "en oro" ("in gold") with the word "peso" used in Mexico primarily to refer to the Mexican peso.
Cubans call the U.S. dollar "fula". Loosely translated from Cuban jargon meaning bad. Possession of American money was penalized before the mid-1990s, hence the nickname.
Dollar sign.
The symbol $, usually written before the numerical amount, is used for the U.S. dollar (as well as for many other currencies). The sign was the result of a late 18th-century evolution of the scribal abbreviation "ps" for the peso. The "p" and the "s" eventually came to be written over each other giving rise to "$".
Another popular explanation is that it comes from the Pillars of Hercules on the Spanish Coat of arms on the Spanish dollars that were minted in the New World mints in Mexico City, Potosí, Bolivia, and in Lima, Peru. These Pillars of Hercules on the silver Spanish dollar coins take the form of two vertical bars (||) and a swinging cloth band in the shape of an "S".
Yet another fictional explanation suggests that the dollar sign was formed from the capital letters U and S written or printed one on top of the other. This theory, popularized by novelist Ayn Rand in "Atlas Shrugged", does not consider the fact that the symbol was already in use before the formation of the United States.
History.
The first dollar coins issued by the United States Mint (founded 1792) were similar in size and composition to the Spanish dollar. The Spanish, U.S. silver dollars, and Mexican silver pesos circulated side by side in the United States, and the Spanish dollar and Mexican peso remained legal tender until 1857. The coinage of various English colonies also circulated. The lion dollar was popular in the Dutch New Netherland Colony (New York), but the lion dollar also circulated throughout the English colonies during the 17th century and early 18th century. Examples circulating in the colonies were usually worn so that the design was not fully distinguishable, thus they were sometimes referred to as "dog dollars".
The U.S. dollar was created by the Constitution and defined by the Coinage Act of 1792. It specified a "dollar" to be based in the Spanish milled dollar and of 371 grains and 4 sixteenths part of a grain of pure or of standard silver and an "eagle" to be 247 and 4 eighths of a grain or of gold (again depending on purity). The choice of the value 371 grains arose from Alexander Hamilton's decision to base the new American unit on the average weight of a selection of worn Spanish dollars. Hamilton got the treasury to weigh a sample of Spanish dollars and the average weight came out to be 371 grains. A new Spanish dollar was usually about 377 grains in weight, and so the new U.S. dollar was at a slight discount in relation to the Spanish dollar.
The Coinage Act of 1792 set the value of an eagle at 10 dollars, and the dollar at 1/10 eagle. It called for 90% silver alloy coins in denominations of 1, 1/2, 1/4, 1/10, and 1/20 dollars; it called for 90% gold alloy coins in denominations of 1, 1/2, 1/4, and 1/10 eagles.
The value of gold or silver contained in the dollar was then converted into relative value in the economy for the buying and selling of goods. This allowed the value of things to remain fairly constant over time, except for the influx and outflux of gold and silver in the nation's economy.
The early currency of the United States did not exhibit faces of presidents, as is the custom now; although today, by law, only the portrait of a deceased individual may appear on United States currency. In fact, the newly formed government was against having portraits of leaders on the currency, a practice compared to the policies of European monarchs. The currency as we know it today did not get the faces they currently have until after the early 20th century; before that "heads" side of coinage used profile faces and striding, seated, and standing figures from Greek and Roman mythology and composite native Americans. The last coins to be converted to profiles of historic Americans were the dime (1946) and the Dollar (1971).
For articles on the currencies of the colonies and states, see Connecticut pound, Delaware pound, Georgia pound, Maryland pound, Massachusetts pound, New Hampshire pound, New Jersey pound, New York pound, North Carolina pound, Pennsylvania pound, Rhode Island pound, South Carolina pound and Virginia pound.
Continental currency.
In 1775, the United States and the individual states began issuing "Continental Currency" denominated in Spanish dollars and (for the issues of the states) the £sd currencies of the states. The dollar was valued relative to the states' currencies at the following rates:
The continental currency suffered from printing press inflation and was replaced by the silver dollar at the rate of 1 silver dollar = 1000 continental dollars.
Silver and gold standards.
From 1792, when the Mint Act was passed, the dollar was defined as 371.25 grains (24.056 g) of silver. Many historians erroneously assume gold was standardized at a fixed rate in parity with silver; however, there is no evidence of Congress making this law. This has to do with Alexander Hamilton's suggestion to Congress of a fixed 15:1 ratio of silver to gold, respectively. The gold coins that were minted however, were not given any denomination whatsoever and traded for a market value relative to the Congressional standard of the silver dollar. 1834 saw a shift in the gold standard to , followed by a slight adjustment to in 1837 (16:1 ratio).
In 1862, paper money was issued without the backing of precious metals, due to the Civil War. Silver and gold coins continued to be issued and in 1878 the link between paper money and coins was reinstated. This disconnection from gold and silver backing also occurred during the War of 1812. The use of paper money not backed by precious metals had also occurred under the Articles of Confederation from 1777 to 1788. With no solid backing and being easily counterfeited, the continentals quickly lost their value, giving rise to the phrase "not worth a continental". This was a primary reason for the "No state shall... make any thing but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts" clause in of the United States Constitution.
The Gold Standard Act of 1900 abandoned the bimetallic standard and defined the dollar as of gold, equivalent to setting the price of 1 troy ounce of gold at $20.67. Silver coins continued to be issued for circulation until 1964, when all silver was removed from dimes and quarters, and the half dollar was reduced to 40% silver. Silver half dollars were last issued for circulation in 1970. Gold coins were confiscated by Executive Order 6102 issued in 1933 by Franklin Roosevelt. The gold standard was changed to , equivalent to setting the price of 1 troy ounce of gold at $35. This standard persisted until 1968.
Between 1968 and 1975, a variety of pegs to gold were put in place, eventually culminating in a sudden end, on August 15, 1971 to the convertibility of dollars to gold later dubbed the Nixon Shock. The last peg was $42.22 per ounce before the U.S. dollar was let to freely float on currency markets.
According to the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, the largest note it ever printed was the $100,000 Gold Certificate, Series 1934. These notes were printed from December 18, 1934 through January 9, 1935, and were issued by the Treasurer of the United States to Federal Reserve Banks only against an equal amount of gold bullion held by the Treasury. These notes were used for transactions between Federal Reserve Banks and were not circulated among the general public.
Coins.
Official United States coins have been produced every year from 1792 to the present.
Collector coins for which everyday transactions are non-existent.
Technically, all these coins are still legal tender at face value, though some are far more valuable today for their numismatic value, and for gold and silver coins, their precious metal value. From 1965 to 1970 the Kennedy half dollar was the only "circulating" coin with any silver content though the Mint still makes what it calls Silver Proof sets for collectors.
In addition, an experimental $4.00 (Stella) coin was also minted, but never placed into circulation and is properly considered to be a pattern rather than an actual coin denomination.
The $50 coin mentioned was only produced in 1915 for the Panama-Pacific International Exposition (1915) celebrating the opening of the Panama Canal. Only 1,128 were made, 645 of which were octagonal; this remains the only U.S. coin that was not round as well as the largest and heaviest U.S. coin ever.
From 1934 to present the only denominations produced for circulation have been the familiar penny, nickel, dime, quarter, half dollar and dollar. The nickel is the only coin still in use today that is essentially unchanged (except in its design) from its original version. Every year since 1866, the nickel has been 75% copper and 25% nickel, except for 4 years during World War II when nickel was needed for the war.
Collector coins.
The United States Mint produces Proof Sets specifically for collectors and speculators. "Silver Proofs" tend to be the standard designs but with the dime, quarter, half dollar, and in some cases the dollar having silver content. Another type of proof set is the Presidential Dollar Proof Set where four special $1 coins are minted each year featuring a president.
Until 2012, the United States Mint intended for the presidential coins to be used in circulation, but in 2012, the mint only made them for collectors to save money.
Dollar coins.
The first United States dollar was minted in 1794. Known as the Flowing Hair Dollar, it contained 416 grains of "standard silver" (89.25% silver and 10.75% copper), as specified by Section 13 of the Coinage Act of 1792. It was designated by Section 9 of that Act as having "the value of a Spanish milled dollar".
Dollar coins have not been very popular in the United States. Silver dollars were minted intermittently from 1794 through 1935; a copper-nickel dollar of the same large size, featuring President Dwight D. Eisenhower, was minted from 1971 through 1978. Gold dollars were also minted in the 19th century. The Susan B. Anthony dollar coin was introduced in 1979; these proved to be unpopular because they were often mistaken for quarters, due to their nearly equal size, their milled edge, and their similar color. Minting of these dollars for circulation was suspended in 1980 (collectors' pieces were struck in 1981), but, as with all past U.S. coins, they remain legal tender. As the number of Anthony dollars held by the Federal Reserve and dispensed primarily to make change in postal and transit vending machines had been virtually exhausted, additional Anthony dollars were struck in 1999. In 2000, a new $1 coin, featuring Sacagawea, (the Sacagawea dollar) was introduced, which corrected some of the mistakes of the Anthony dollar by having a smooth edge and a gold color, without requiring changes to vending machines that accept the Anthony dollar. However, this new coin has failed to achieve the popularity of the still-existing $1 bill and is rarely used in daily transactions. The failure to simultaneously withdraw the dollar bill and weak publicity efforts have been cited by coin proponents as primary reasons for the failure of the dollar coin to gain popular support.
In February 2007, the U.S. Mint, under the Presidential $1 Coin Act of 2005, introduced a new $1 U.S. Presidential dollar coin. Based on the success of the "50 State Quarters" series, the new coin features a sequence of presidents in order of their inaugurations, starting with George Washington, on the obverse side. The reverse side features the Statue of Liberty. To allow for larger, more detailed portraits, the traditional inscriptions of "E Pluribus Unum", "In God We Trust", the year of minting or issuance, and the mint mark will be inscribed on the edge of the coin instead of the face. This feature, similar to the edge inscriptions seen on the British £1 coin, is not usually associated with U.S. coin designs. The inscription "Liberty" has been eliminated, with the Statue of Liberty serving as a sufficient replacement. In addition, due to the nature of U.S. coins, this will be the first time there will be circulating U.S. coins of different denominations with the same president featured on the obverse (heads) side (Lincoln/penny, Jefferson/nickel, Franklin D. Roosevelt/dime, Washington/quarter, Kennedy/half dollar, and Eisenhower/dollar). Another unusual fact about the new $1 coin is Grover Cleveland will have two coins with his portrait issued due to the fact he was the only U.S. President to be elected to two non-consecutive terms.
Early releases of the Washington coin included error coins shipped primarily from the Philadelphia mint to Florida and Tennessee banks. Highly sought after by collectors, and trading for as much as $850 each within a week of discovery, the error coins were identified by the absence of the edge impressions "E PLURIBUS UNUM IN GOD WE TRUST 2007 P". The mint of origin is generally accepted to be mostly Philadelphia, although identifying the source mint is impossible without opening a mint pack also containing marked units. Edge lettering is minted in both orientations with respect to "heads", some amateur collectors were initially duped into buying "upside down lettering error" coins. Some cynics also erroneously point out that the Federal Reserve makes more profit from dollar bills than dollar coins because they wear out in a few years, whereas coins are more permanent. The fallacy of this argument arises because new notes printed to replace worn out notes, which have been withdrawn from circulation bring in no net revenue to the government to offset the costs of printing new notes and destroying the old ones. As most vending machines are incapable of making change in banknotes, they commonly accept only $1 bills, though a few will give change in dollar coins.
Mint marks.
Note 1: From 1942 to 1945 the letter "P" was used for the Philadelphia mint mark on Jefferson nickels (using the silver content), from 1980 on the letter "P" was used for the Philadelphia mint mark on a permanent basis.
Note 2: During the Civil War, this mint operated under the control of the State of Louisiana (February, 1861) and the Confederate States of America (March, 1861) until it ran out of bullion later in that year; some Half Dollars have been identified as being the issue of the State of Louisiana and the Confederacy.
Note 3: Press Number 1 is still in use by the Nevada State Museum; it produces tokens for the Reno Coin Club.
Note 4: Although the mint mark "D" is used for two separate mints, it is easy to distinguish between the two; any antebellum coinage (up to 1861) is Dahlonega, and any 20th century or later coinage is Denver.
Note 5: Between 1973 and 1986 there was no mint mark; these coins are indistinguishable from coins produced at the Philadelphia Mint (note 1 notwithstanding): after 1988 the letter "W" was used for coinage (except for the 2009 Ultra High Relief Double Eagle).
Banknotes.
The U.S. Constitution provides that Congress shall have the power to "borrow money on the credit of the United States". Congress has exercised that power by authorizing Federal Reserve Banks to issue Federal Reserve Notes. Those notes are "obligations of the United States" and "shall be redeemed in lawful money on demand at the Treasury Department of the United States, in the city of Washington, District of Columbia, or at any Federal Reserve bank." Federal Reserve Notes are designated by law as "legal tender" for the payment of debts. Congress has also authorized the issuance of more than 10 other types of banknotes, including the United States Note and the Federal Reserve Bank Note. The Federal Reserve Note is the only type that remains in circulation since the 1970s.
Currently printed denominations are $1, $2, $5, $10, $20, $50, and $100. Notes above the $100 denomination stopped being printed in 1946 and were officially withdrawn from circulation in 1969. These notes were used primarily in inter-bank transactions or by organized crime; it was the latter usage that prompted President Richard Nixon to issue an executive order in 1969 halting their use. With the advent of electronic banking, they became less necessary. Notes in denominations of $500, $1,000, $5,000, $10,000 and $100,000 were all produced at one time; see large denomination bills in U.S. currency for details. These notes are now collectors' items and are worth more than their face value to collectors.
Though still predominantly green, post-2004 series incorporate other colors to better distinguish different denominations. As a result of a 2008 decision in an accessibility lawsuit filed by the American Council of the Blind, the Bureau of Engraving and Printing is planning to implement a raised tactile feature in the next redesign of each note, except the $1 and the version of the $100 bill already in process. It also plans larger, higher-contrast numerals, more color differences, and distribution of currency readers to assist the visually impaired during the transition period.
Means of issue.
The monetary base consists of coins and Federal Reserve Notes in circulation outside the Federal Reserve Banks and the U.S. Treasury, plus deposits held by depository institutions at Federal Reserve Banks. The adjusted monetary base has increased from approximately 400 billion dollars in 1994, to 800 billion in 2005, and over 3000 billion in 2013. The amount of cash in circulation is increased (or decreased) by the actions of the Federal Reserve System. Eight times a year, the 12-person Federal Open Market Committee meet to determine US monetary policy. Every business day, the Federal Reserve System engages in Open market operations to carry out that monetary policy. If the Federal Reserve desires to increase the money supply, it will buy securities (such as US Treasury Bonds) anonymously from banks in exchange for dollars. Conversely, it will sell securities to the banks in exchange for dollars, to take dollars out of circulation.
When the Federal Reserve makes a purchase, it credits the seller's reserve account (with the Federal Reserve). This money is not transferred from any existing funds—it is at this point that the Federal Reserve has created new high-powered money. Commercial banks can freely withdraw in cash any excess reserves from their reserve account at the Federal Reserve. To fulfill those requests, the Federal Reserve places an order for printed money from the US Treasury Department. The Treasury Department in turn sends these requests to the Bureau of Engraving and Printing (to print new dollar bills) and the Bureau of the Mint (to stamp the coins).
Usually, the short term goal of open market operations is to achieve a specific short term interest rate target. In other instances, monetary policy might instead entail the targeting of a specific exchange rate relative to some foreign currency or else relative to gold. For example, in the case of the United States the Federal Reserve targets the federal funds rate, the rate at which member banks lend to one another overnight. The other primary means of conducting monetary policy include: (i) Discount window lending (as lender of last resort); (ii) Fractional deposit lending (changes in the reserve requirement); (iii) Moral suasion (cajoling certain market players to achieve specified outcomes); (iv) "Open mouth operations" (talking monetary policy with the market).
Value.
The 6th paragraph of Section 8 of Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution provides that the U.S. Congress shall have the power to "coin money" and to "regulate the value" of domestic and foreign coins. Congress exercised those powers when it enacted the Coinage Act of 1792. That Act provided for the minting of the first U.S. dollar and it declared that the U.S. dollar shall have "the value of a Spanish milled dollar as the same is now current".
The table to the right shows the equivalent amount of goods that, in a particular year, could be purchased with $1. The table shows that from 1774 through 2012 the U.S. dollar has lost about 97.0% of its buying power.
The decline in the value of the U.S. dollar corresponds to price inflation, which is a rise in the general level of prices of goods and services in an economy over a period of time. A consumer price index (CPI) is a measure estimating the average price of consumer goods and services purchased by households. The United States Consumer Price Index, published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, is a measure estimating the average price of consumer goods and services in the United States. It reflects inflation as experienced by consumers in their day-to-day living expenses. A graph showing the U.S. CPI relative to 1982–1984 and the annual year-over-year change in CPI is shown at right.
The value of the U.S. dollar declined significantly during wartime, especially during the American Civil War, World War I, and World War II. The Federal Reserve, which was established in 1913, was designed to furnish an "elastic" currency subject to "substantial changes of quantity over short periods," which differed significantly from previous forms of high-powered money such as gold, national bank notes, and silver coins. Over the very long run, the prior gold standard kept prices stable—for instance, the price level and the value of the U.S. dollar in 1914 was not very different from the price level in the 1880s. The Federal Reserve initially succeeded in maintaining the value of the U.S. dollar and price stability, reversing the inflation caused by the First World War and stabilizing the value of the dollar during the 1920s, before presiding over a 30% deflation in U.S. prices in the 1930s.
Under the Bretton Woods system established after World War II, the value of gold was fixed to $35 per ounce, and the value of the U.S. dollar was thus anchored to the value of gold. Rising government spending in the 1960s, however, led to doubts about the ability of the United States to maintain this convertibility, gold stocks dwindled as banks and international investors began to convert dollars to gold, and as a result the value of the dollar began to decline. Facing an emerging currency crisis and the imminent danger that the United States would no longer be able to redeem dollars for gold, gold convertibility was finally terminated in 1971 by President Nixon, resulting in the "Nixon shock."
The value of the U.S. dollar was therefore no longer anchored to gold, and it fell upon the Federal Reserve to maintain the value of the U.S. currency. The Federal Reserve, however, continued to increase the money supply, resulting in stagflation and a rapidly declining value of the U.S. dollar in the 1970s. This was largely due to the prevailing economic view at the time that inflation and real economic growth were linked (the Phillips curve), and so inflation was regarded as relatively benign. Between 1965 and 1981, the U.S. dollar lost two thirds of its value.
In 1979, President Carter appointed Paul Volcker Chairman of the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve tightened the money supply and inflation was substantially lower in the 1980s, and hence the value of the U.S. dollar stabilized.
Over the thirty-year period from 1981 to 2009, the U.S. dollar lost over half its value. This is because the Federal Reserve has targeted not zero inflation, but a low, stable rate of inflation—between 1987 and 1997, the rate of inflation was approximately 3.5%, and between 1997 and 2007 it was approximately 2%. The so-called "Great Moderation" of economic conditions since the 1970s is credited to monetary policy targeting price stability.
There is ongoing debate about whether central banks should target zero inflation (which would mean a constant value for the U.S. dollar over time) or low, stable inflation (which would mean a continuously but slowly declining value of the dollar over time, as is the case now). Although some economists are in favor of a zero inflation policy and therefore a constant value for the U.S. dollar, others contend that such a policy limits the ability of the central bank to control interest rates and stimulate the economy when needed.

</doc>
<doc id="18717346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717346" title="All'ombra di una colt">
All'ombra di una colt

"All'ombra di una colt (In the Shadow of a Colt") is a 1965 Italian spaghetti western film directed and written by Giovanni Grimaldi.
Story.
Two professional gunfighters separate after they complete a job in a small Mexican town where they rid it of the Ramirez gang. Steve married Duke's daughter and tries to settle down to a peaceful life on a ranch outside a town controlled by Jackson and Burns.

</doc>
<doc id="18717347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717347" title="1922 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1922 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The 1922 College Basketball All-American team, as chosen by the Helms Foundation. The player highlighted by gold indicates that he was chosen as the Helms Foundation Player of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="18717371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717371" title="1923 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1923 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The 1923 College Basketball All-American team, as chosen by the Helms Foundation. The player highlighted by gold indicates that he was chosen as the Helms Foundation Player of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="18717377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717377" title="Andy Rammell">
Andy Rammell

Andrew "Andy" Rammell (born 10 February 1967) is an English former footballer who played as a striker for Atherstone United, Manchester United, Barnsley, Southend United, Walsall, Wycombe Wanderers, Bristol Rovers and Forest Green Rovers.
Career.
Born in Nuneaton, Warwickshire, Rammell began his football career with nearby Atherstone United. In 1989, following interest from league clubs such as Coventry City, Leicester City and Birmingham City, Rammell was spotted by Manchester United scout Nobby Stiles, who recommended that manager Alex Ferguson sign the 22-year-old Rammell. Ferguson travelled to Atherstone to complete the signing for a fee of £40,000. Atherstone United used the money made from Rammell's sale to Manchester United to build a stand at their home ground, which was later named the Andy Rammell Stand.
Rammell was a regular in the Manchester United reserve team, scoring seven goals in 26 appearances, but he never played a first-team game for the club and was sold to Barnsley for £100,000 in September 1990. He found his niche with Barnsley scoring 44 goals in 185 league appearances over a period of six seasons. He joined Southend United in 1996, but the team finished bottom of the league in two consecutive seasons, falling from the First Division to the Third Division. After scoring 13 goals in 69 league appearances, he moved to Second Division Walsall.
With 18 goals in his first season with Walsall, Rammell was largely responsible for the team finishing as Second Division runners-up in 1998–99 and securing promotion to the First Division. He also played a part in Walsall's run to the Southern Area Final of the 1998–99 Football League Trophy, scoring in the area semi-final against Cambridge United. However, his performance dropped off in 1999–2000, and he scored just five goals in 30 league appearances as Walsall finished in 22nd place and were relegated back to the Second Division.
A move to Wycombe Wanderers followed in September 2000, with Rammell's 10 goals in 2000–01 keeping the team afloat in mid-table; however, it was his two goals in the FA Cup that proved most valuable as Wycombe went on a run to the semi-finals before losing to Liverpool. He scored another 11 league goals the following season, as well as another two in the FA Cup, but Wycombe were unable to repeat the feats of the previous season, losing to Fulham after a replay in the third round.
In 2002–03, Rammell scored just four league goals for Wycombe, all of them coming before the turn of the year, and in March 2003, he was allowed to move to Third Division Bristol Rovers. With four goals in three matches at the end of the season, he helped the club narrowly avoid relegation out of The Football League. The following season would prove to be Rammell's last as a footballer; his participation in matches was limited apart from a brief flurry of action in October and November 2003, and in December 2003, he suffered an injury to his right knee in a game against Yeovil Town. The injury forced his retirement from the professional game, and though he attempted a comeback with non-league Forest Green Rovers, he suffered a recurrence of the injury and retired completely in July 2004 at the age of 37.

</doc>
<doc id="18717390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717390" title="Don Earle">
Don Earle

Donald Earle Clement (March 29, 1929 – December 12, 1993) was an American ice hockey announcer.
Earle, who got his start broadcasting high school hockey games on radio, called Boston Bruins games on WSBK-TV from 1967-1971.
From 1971-1977, Earle served as a second play by play announcer/analyst with the Philadelphia Flyers on WTAF alongside Gene Hart. 
Most of Earle's career was spent with various New England radio stations, including WAAB, WOKW, and WKOX but he also worked in St. Petersburg, Florida, New York City, and at Philadelphia's WCAU. He also was the sports director at WGGB-TV, Channel 40 in Springfield, Massachusetts. He died in the Springfield suburb of Westfield.

</doc>
<doc id="18717421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717421" title="1924 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1924 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The 1924 College Basketball All-American team, as chosen by the Helms Foundation. The player highlighted by gold indicates that he was chosen as the Helms Foundation Player of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="18717428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717428" title="Menlo Avenue-West Twenty-ninth Street Historic District">
Menlo Avenue-West Twenty-ninth Street Historic District

The Menlo Avenue - West Twenty-ninth Street Historic District is a historic district in the North University Park section of Los Angeles, which is itself part of the city's West Adams district. The area consists of late Victorian and Craftsman-style homes dating back to 1896. The area is bounded by West Adams Boulevard on the north, Ellendale on the east, West Thirtieth Street on the south, and Vermont Avenue to the west. The district is noted for its well-preserved period architecture, reflecting the transition from late Victorian and shingle-styles to the American Craftsman style that took hold in Southern California in the early 1900s. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
Houses of the district.
There are more than 50 historic homes in the Menlo Avenue-West Twenty-ninth Street Historic District, representing a variety of architectural styles from the turn of the 20th Century. A sampling of the architecturally significant homes in the district include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18717460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717460" title="Elizabeth Pease Nichol">
Elizabeth Pease Nichol

Elizabeth Pease Nichol (1807–1897) was an abolitionist, anti-segregationist, woman suffragist, chartist and anti-vivisectionist in 19th century Great Britain. In 1853 she married Dr. John Pringle Nichol (1804–1859), Regius Professor of Astronomy at the University of Glasgow. She was one of about six women who were in the painting of the World Anti-Slavery Convention of 1840.
Biography.
Early life.
Elizabeth Pease was born in Darlington, England to Joseph Pease and his wife Elizabeth Beaumont, who were members of the Society of Friends (Quakers). Her father started the Peace Society the year of her birth, the same year that Great Britain abolished the slave trade in its empire, while allowing slavery to continue.
Public life.
By 1837, Pease was leading the Darlington Ladies Anti-Slavery Society. Charles Stuart, an Anti-Slavery abolitionist and lecturer, encouraged her to send a female delegate or attend a national society being formed by Joseph Sturge. Pease resisted more public involvement, as she did not seek the limelight but wanted to work locally for the causes she held to be important.
In 1840, Pease travelled to London to attend the World Anti-Slavery Convention beginning on 12 June. Before the conference started, she met American activists Lucretia Mott and Elizabeth Cady Stanton. These women were amongst the otherwise all-male American delegates at the conference.
Before the convention opened, the British organiser Joseph Sturge told the six women delegates they would not be allowed to participate. Leading English Anti-Slavery members had rebuked him for thinking this "insane innovation, this woman-intruding delusion," should be allowed. At the time, women did not generally participate in such public political and civic activities, and many people found it socially unacceptable. In addition, women attendees were required to sit in segregated areas out of sight of the male delegates.
Supporting the women's participation were some of the male delegates from the United States, including George Bradburn, Wendell Phillips, James Mott, William Adam, Isaac Winslow, J. P. Miller and Henry B. Stanton. William Lloyd Garrison, who did not arrive until the 17th, refused to take his seat until women had equality in seating. Unlike his fellow countrymen, Baptist Henry Grew spoke in favour of the men's right to exclude women, despite his daughter's being one of the excluded. The American women had to join British women observers, such as Lady Byron, Anne Knight and Pease, in a segregated area.
The picture above shows Pease in a painting commemorating the international event. It attracted delegates from the United States, France, Haiti, Australia, Ireland, Jamaica and Barbados, as well as Great Britain. With the exception of Mary Clarkson, the women are portrayed to the far right, with none in the foreground.
Pease attended with Anne Knight and several other friends, but it was only Knight and Pease of their circle who were among the women notables chosen for the painting. Other women included were Amelia Opie, Baroness Byron, Mary Anne Rawson, Mrs John Beaumont, Elizabeth Tredgold, Mary Clarkson and, at the back, Lucretia Mott.
Marriage and family.
In 1853 Pease married Dr. John Pringle Nichol (1804–1859), Regius Professor of Astronomy at the University of Glasgow. Her family opposed the marriage, as Nicholl was a Presbyterian. According to the endogamous rules of the Quakers, Pease had to leave the Society of Friends.

</doc>
<doc id="18717472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717472" title="1925 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1925 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The 1925 College Basketball All-American team, as chosen by the Helms Foundation. The player highlighted by gold indicates that he was chosen as the Helms Foundation Player of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="18717473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717473" title="St. Lucie County Public Schools">
St. Lucie County Public Schools

St. Lucie County Public Schools is the branding for St. Lucie County School District, which is the school district that manages schools in St. Lucie County, Florida, USA. Whereas, the total staff in the district consists of over 6,500 teachers and 2,300 administration staff.

</doc>
<doc id="18717484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717484" title="Wilcrest Baptist Church">
Wilcrest Baptist Church

Wilcrest Baptist Church, a church in Houston Texas pastored by Jonathan Williams, is known for a degree of racial diversity that is unusually high as compared with other churches in the United States. It operates under the mission statement:
"Wilcrest Baptist Church is God's multi-ethnic bridge that draws all people to Jesus Christ, who transforms them from unbelievers to missionaries."
Wilcrest was founded in 1970 in what was then the primarily Caucasian suburb of Alief, Texas, later annexed as part of Houston. The congregation matched the racial make-up of the community. However, during the 1980s the neighborhood had changed due to a phenomenon sometimes called white flight and had become primarily African-American.
In 1989, the New York Times profiled a wedding conducted in Mandarin, between two graduate students from China whose parents could not attend because of travel restrictions in the wake of the Tiananmen Square Massacre By the early 21st Century the neighborhood around Wilcrest had not only multi-generational blacks, whites, and Latinos, but also new immigrants from Mexico, Nigeria, Cuba, Haiti, and Vietnam.
Former pastor Rodney Woo took over the church in 1992, by which time church membership was only 180 members and attendance was down to 200 per service. Himself interracial (his mother is white; his father part Chinese-American), Woo attended an all-black high school in Port Arthur, Texas. Although there were some calls from members to keep the church segregated, Woo quickly convinced the church to reach out to Christians from many backgrounds, and eventually built attendance up to about 500, including members from 47 nations. Dr. Woo was called to the International Baptist Church in Singapore during the Spring of 2010.
In 2009, Dr. Rodney Woo wrote, The Color of Church: A Biblical and Practical Paradigm for Multiracial Churches, a book that documents the story of Wilcrest Baptist Church and how other churches can learn to develop more multi-ethnic church congregations.
In June 2011 Jonathan Williams was called and accepted the position as the senior pastor of Wilcrest Baptist Church.

</doc>
<doc id="18717487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717487" title="Mitacq">
Mitacq

Michel Tacq, or Mitacq, (10 June 1927 – 22 May 1994) is an author of Belgian comics. He was involved in Scouting for most of his life.
Biography.
Born in Uccle, Michel Tacq spent his childhood in Farciennes and Brussels. He went to study at the Saint-Marie Institute in Schaerbeek and stayed in France for the first years of World War II. He then returned to Belgium to continue his art studies in Charleroi. Ever since his early childhood, Tacq was involved in Scouting, a movement that has been of influence his entire career. At 17, he took on the pseudonym Mitak and developed the comic strip "Tam Tam", which appeared in magazines related with Scouting in 1944 and 1945. "Tam Tam" also appeared in book collections, published by José Henin and De Beiaard. He illustrated for "Plein Jeu", "Carrefour" and "L'Hebdomadaire des grands recits".
In 1951, Michel Tacq hired by the World Press agency, a company which provided "Spirou" magazine with comics strips. There, he trained and drew under the name Balou some 20 strips for the Oncle Paul series on the scenarios of Gustave Joly. He also illustrated "Seul maitre à bord", the 3rd novel of the collection "Marabout-Junior", written by Jean-Jacques Schellens, a friend Scout. However, MiTacq hoped for being able to draw a series dedicated to Boy Scouts. Jean Jacques Schellens wrote a scenario whose characters are Sanglier, Marabout, Gustave and Chat. Georges Troisfontaines, founder of the World Press, accepted to publish the project, at a time when the Signe de Piste collection was very popular, but he preferred to trust the scenario to Jean-Michel Charlier and demanded the characters to be reshaped. The first album of La Patrouille des Castors (The Beaver Patrol), "Le mystere de Grosbois", was published in 1954 in "Spirou" magazine. In the face of the immediate success of the series, Dupuis decided to publish albums from 1955. With this series, his career really took off.
A second album was published, "Les disparus de Ker Aven". Scout leader at Saint Alène, Mitacq decided after the third album to be more committed in the scenario of the series, to insist on the Scouting themes. In 1956 is published "Sur la piste de Mowgli", strongly influenced by Kipling's novels. In 1957, he made a report for "Spirou" magazine at the 9th World Scout Jamboree at Sutton-Coldfield in England with Yvan Delporte. For the creation of Pilote in 1959, Charlier proposed to Mitacq to illustrate the adventures of Jacques Legall. En 1965, with the separation in France of the Scouts into two branches, Rangers and Pionniers, MiTacq and Charlier decided to turn the Castors into Pionniers to develop more opportunities of adventures. "L'autobus hanté", the first adventures of the patrol with their new uniform, relating the crossing of Europe in an autobus, was very successful and imitated by several Scouts at that time. In the 1960s, Charlier was so busy that Mitacq created the adventures of Stany Derval. In 1979, Charlier et MiTacq decided amically to stop their longtime collaboration in the course of the making of the album "Prisonniers du large". Between 1954 and 1980 22 albums were made by Mitacq and Charlier.
This separation did not prevent MiTacq from going on alone or in collaboration with Marc Wasterlain or Jacques Stoquart. On the contrary, this new situation provided him with more autonomy and allowed him to deal with other matters he insisted on. He died on 22 May 1994, leaving unfinished the 31st tome of the Castors series. The integrale of Mitacq's works were published by Dupuis after his death.
Influences and style.
Michel Tacq, as an active Scout, was very influenced by the movement's culture. Toucan Bénévole was his totem as Scout in the Troop Saint Aléne at Saint Gilles Bruxelles, then he became Assistant Cub Scout Master from 1951 till 1954, then Pionnier for 5 years. He visited the 1957 World Jamboree. In the first albums of the Beaver Patrol series, the protagonists wear the same yellow and bleu scarf as the Saint Alène troop.
He provided for a long time illustrations to the Scouting magazine "Plein Jeu" from 1950 and for "Piste"' a magazine consisting of 300 pages of «first and second class badges» for the Belgian Catholic Scout Federation. He has also drawn illustrations in the magazines "Carnet du Louveteau", "En route !" and "Carrefour", and at the end of his career in "Trefle d'Aventure", the magazine of the Belgian catholic guides.
He was highly influenced and fascinated by Pierre Joubert and Jijé, notably by the comics album of Jijé dedicated to Baden-Powell's life, which incited him to create a series relating the adventures of a Scout patrol. The graphic style is highly influenced by that of Pierre Joubert. In 1950, he was advised to meet him to improve his style and lived with him for three months. The youngest Beaver Scout, Mouche, was modelled on Pierre Joubert's son.
Fan of the collection "Signe de Piste", MiTacq insisted to illustrate one of the novels of the series. In the course of 1975, he devoted two months to draw the cover and ten illustrations for Jean Destieu's "Les Emeraudes de Colombie".
MiTacq also paid tribute to Serge Dalens, the author of the "Prince Eric series", by an illustration in 1987, the year when the 50th anniversary of the collection "Signe de Piste" was celebrated. It is also said that the scenario of the album "La couronne cachée" (1965), the 13th album of the Beaver Patrol series, was partly inspired by Serge Dalens' "Le prince Éric".

</doc>
<doc id="18717488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717488" title="Boole (tree)">
Boole (tree)

The Boole Tree is a giant sequoia in Converse Basin grove in Sequoia National Forest, in the edge of Kings Canyon, 5 miles (8 km) from General Grant Grove in Kings Canyon National Park in the Sierra Nevada in eastern California. Converse Basin used to be a large grove, but was logged of most of its giant sequoias between 1892 and 1918. Now only perhaps 60–100 large specimens survive out of thousands. This grove is the second largest contiguous grove in the world. The Boole Tree, by far the largest in Converse Basin Grove, was named around 1895 by A.H. Sweeny, a Fresno doctor, after Franklin A. Boole, a supervisor of the logging operation who spared the tree's life due to its great size. Before 1931, it was thought by many to be the largest tree in the world (although the General Grant Tree was more popularly known as the largest tree in the world at that time), but it is now known as the sixth largest tree, after five other giant sequoias: the General Sherman tree, the General Grant, the President tree, the Lincoln tree, and the Stagg tree.

</doc>
<doc id="18717501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717501" title="Waswo X. Waswo">
Waswo X. Waswo

Waswo X. Waswo (November 13, 1953), is an artist and writer most commonly associated with his chemical process sepia-toned photographs of India, and also hand-colored portraits made at the artist’s studio in Udaipur, Rajasthan. Waswo’s first major book, "India Poems: The Photographs", was in part a challenge to politically correct notions of the western artist's role in responding to Asia, and his work has been critiqued in the light of cultural theories that stem from Edward Said and his book "Orientalism."
Waswo was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, U.S.A. He studied at the University of Wisconsin – Milwaukee, and later at Studio Marangoni, the Centre for Contemporary Photography in Florence, Italy. After extensive worldwide travels he settled in India in 2001, where he organized an exhibition of his Indian landscapes and portraits with the help of Alliance Française, Kashi Art Gallery, and Cymroza Art Gallery. The exhibition, called "India Poems", traveled to Cochin, Bangalore, Bombay, Udaipur and Goa, and also traveled internationally to Colombo and Kandy in Sri Lanka. "India Poems" culminated in a showing at The Haggerty Museum of Art in the artist's hometown of Milwaukee.
Waswo's sepia work has been compared to early 20th-century photographers such as Edward Curtis, but his inclusion of self-portraiture sometimes draws analogies to postmodernists such as Cindy Sherman. Waswo's work has encouraged debate on the ethical questions of photography, especially the question of a westerner's role in photographing a foreign land. The Indian writer and cultural theorist Ranjit Hoskote makes a strong defense of Waswo's work in the foreword to "India Poems," but also included in the book is an essay by Bangalore-based artist Pushpamala N. titled "Photographing the Natives" which claims that Waswo follows in a long tradition of hegemonic and largely negative western depictions of the East.
Waswo's "India Poems" exhibitions and book were widely written about in India. An article by Curtis Carter eventually appeared in "The International Yearbook of Aesthetics" titled "Invented Worlds: India Through the Camera Lens of Waswo X. Waswo"
Since "India Poems" Waswo has created a series of studio portraits at his home in Udaipur, Rajasthan, following the tradition of Indian studio portraitists such as those done by Lala Deen Dayal. Waswo has collaborated with Rajesh Soni, a local craftsman who hand-paints Waswo's digital prints. A portion of this new body of work has been published as the book "Men of Rajasthan" by Serindia Contemporary in Chicago. Waswo also has collaborated with the miniaturist painter Rakesh Vijay to create an autobiographical picture-story of his life in India and the accompanying emotions of both alienation and the sense of western privilege. Waswo’s collaborations with Rajsh Soni and R. Vijay are collectively titled "A Studio in Rajasthan" and have been written about by London-based art critic Edward Lucie-Smith.
As from 2007 the artist has concentrated almost exclusively on the Studio in Rajasthan series of hand-coloured portraiture. This has resulted in several exhibitions in India and abroad, most notably "Tinted by Tradition", a retrospective of this work held at the Bhagwat Prakash Photo Gallery at Udaipur's City Palace Museum. Tinted by Tradition also traced the continuum of hand-painted photographs in the Mewar court, including examples of hand-painted photographs by Rajesh Soni's grandfather Prabhu Lal Verma (Soni). Waswo has continued collaborating in the making of symbolic and autobiographical miniatures with the painter R. Vijay, which Waswo sees as a distinct but parallel body of work.
The three collaborators, Waswo, Soni, and Vijay, mounted an exhibition titled "Confessions of an Evil Orientalist" in December 2011 at Gallery Espace in New Delhi. Incorporating more experimental media such as installation, a video, and even a comic book, the exhibition extended their normal repertoire of hand-coloured photographs and miniatures. "Confessions of an Evil Orientalist" revolved around a list of 101 confessions, written by Waswo in both a sincere and tongue-in-cheek manner, which alluded once again to issues of hegemony, Orientalism, and cultural acceptance. These confessions found expression within three text-based works of art in the exhibition, each viewing the words of the constructed "Evil Orientalist" from a different perspective. It has been suggested that these works moved from a post-colonial discourse to a post-post-colonial discourse.
In India Waswo is also known as a collector of fine art prints. He regularly blogs his "Collection of Indian Printmaking", which contains historical and contemporary examples of Indian etchings, lithographs, woodcuts and screenprints. In the fall of 2011 Waswo served as Guest Editor for a trilogy on Indian Printmaking put out by the Calcutta-based art magazine "Art Etc. news&views".

</doc>
<doc id="18717504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717504" title="Deolis Guerra">
Deolis Guerra

Deolis Alexander Guerra (born April 17, 1989) is a minor league right-handed pitcher in the Minnesota Twins organization.
Guerra was born in San Felix, Venezuela. He is 6'5" and weighs 200 lbs.
Career.
New York Mets.
Guerra signed with the New York Mets as a non-drafted free agent on July 2, . He was named South Atlantic League Pitcher of the Week on July 30, 2006. On July 8, , Guerra represented the New York Mets' organization for the World Team in Major League Baseball's All-Star Futures Game.
Minnesota Twins.
Along with outfielder Carlos Gomez and pitchers Philip Humber and Kevin Mulvey, Guerra was traded to the Minnesota Twins for Johan Santana on January 29, 2008.
With the Fort Myers Miracle, he compiled a 7-2 record with a 4.83 earned run average in the first half of the 2008 season—helping his team capture the Florida State League first-half West Division title. Guerra's first start in the second half of the 2008 season (Tuesday, July 1) was a 4-0 complete game shutout of the Tampa Yankees. He allowed only three hits, and retired 19 in a row between a first inning single by James Cooper and a one-out single by Andres Perez in the seventh. It marked the first shutout of Deolis’ professional career. For the second half, he went 4-7 with a 6.08 ERA in 13 starts.
The Miracle again captured the first half division title in , this time in the FSL's newly realigned Southern Division, and Guerra, again, saved his best start of the season for the second half. July 3 was Fireworks Night at Hammond Stadium, and in front of the packed house, Guerra brought a no hitter into the eighth inning against the Charlotte Stone Crabs. With one out, Christian Lopez broke it up with a double down the left field line. Guerra was promoted to the New Britain Rock Cats immediately after this game (July 7). He was named FSL pitcher of the week for the week of June 29 through July 5. His combined record for Fort Myers and New Britain was 12-11 with a 4.89 ERA and 106 strikeouts.
On November 20, 2009, he was added to the Twins' 40 man roster. He began the season with New Britain, going 1-1 with a 3.07 ERA in five starts prior to being promoted to triple-A.
Guerra competed for the Venezuelan national baseball team in the 2013 World Baseball Classic. He was hospitalized with a blood clot in his right shoulder in March 2013.
External links.
, or Minor League Baseball

</doc>
<doc id="18717507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717507" title="Peggy Sullivan">
Peggy Sullivan

Peggy Sullivan, who currently resides in Chicago, IL, serves as a Library Consultant. She specializes in executive searches, primarily in public libraries. Throughout her career, she has served as:
From 1952 to 1977, Peggy Sullivan held positions of increasing responsibility in public and school libraries, directed the national Knapp School Libraries Project (1963–1968), and was on the faculty of the University of Pittsburgh and the University of Chicago in their library education programs. She also taught on part-time, summer or interim bases at six other library education programs (the University of Maryland, Rutgers the State University of New Jersey, Syracuse University, the Catholic University of America, Drexel University, and Rosary College) and directed the American Library Association’s Office for Library Personnel Resources.
Highlights of Sullivan’s wide-ranging career include: President of ALA’s Children’s Services Division (now the Association for Library Services to Children – ALSC) (1976–1977), Chair Centennial Celebration of the American Library Association (1976), assistant commissioner for extension services at the Chicago Public Library (1977–1981), ALA president (1980–1981), ALA executive director (1992–1994), Dean of the LIS Program at Rosary College (now Dominican University), Dean of the College of Professional Studies at Northern Illinois University, and numerous university teaching positions. Sullivan served as director of the Knapp School Libraries Project (1963–1968). This project had great national impact on convincing the public of the need for high quality school library media programs.
Furthermore, Sullivan was the 1991 recipient of ALA’s Joseph W. Lippincott Award, and is a Distinguished Alumnus of both Catholic University and Clarke College. In 2004, Sullivan established the Sullivan Award for Public Library Administrators. This award is presented annually to an individual who has shown exceptional understanding and support of public library service to children while having general management/supervisory/administrative responsibility that has included public library service to children in its scope. She also presents the Sullivan Award to a faculty member in the NIU College of Health and Human Sciences (formerly the College of Professional Studies, where she was dean) for achievement in research. It is presented every fall on the NIU campus.
ALA Honorary Member.
In 2008, Peggy Sullivan was named Honorary Member of the American Library Association. Sullivan, a library consultant, was nominated in recognition of over 50 years of dedicated librarianship during which she wrote the definitive scholarly history of the tenure of Carl Milam (ALA secretary 1920-1946) and the growth of the American Library Association to an international organization.
Peggy Sullivan is the only Honorary Member to have a giant image of her book on a parking garage in the Kansas City Library District. The facade includes her 1956 children’s book, "The O’Donnells", as a title on the Community Bookshelf.
The official resolution is as follows:
Whereas, Dr. Peggy Sullivan has dedicated over 50 years to the field of librarianship, and
Whereas, Dr. Peggy Sullivan served as director of the Knapp School Libraries Project, which had great national impact on convincing the public of the need for high quality school library media programs; and
Whereas, Dr. Peggy Sullivan wrote the definitive scholarly history of the tenure of Carl Milam (ALA Secretary 1920-1946) and the growth of the American Library Association to an international organization; and
Whereas, Dr. Peggy Sullivan was the 1991 recipient of ALA’s Joseph W. Lippincott Award for distinguished service to the profession
of librarianship; and
Whereas, Dr. Peggy Sullivan’s wide-ranging career includes such highlights as President of ALA’s Children’s Services Division (now the Association for Library Service to Children – ALSC), Assistant Commissioner for Extension Services at the Chicago Public Library, ALA President, ALA Executive Director, Dean of the Graduate School of Library and Information Science at Rosary College (now Dominican University), Dean of the College of Professional Studies at Northern Illinois University, various international assignments, and numerous administrative, library, and university teaching positions; now, therefore, be it Resolved, that in recognition of over 50 years of dedicated service to the profession of librarianship, Dr. Peggy Sullivan be awarded the highest honor this Association can bestow, Honorary Membership in the American Library Association.
Adopted by the Council of the American Library Association
January 15, 2008
Keith Michael Fiels
Secretary of the Association
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

</doc>
<doc id="18717518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717518" title="Clube de Rugby de Arcos de Valdevez">
Clube de Rugby de Arcos de Valdevez

Clube de Rugby de Arcos de Valdevez (CRAV), is a rugby union club, located in Arcos de Valdevez, Portugal, the only rugby team in the Minho region. The men's team plays at the "Campeonato Nacional Honra/Super Bock", Portugal's top level rugby union championship. The club also features women, youth and veteran teams and a B team that plays in Campeonato Nacional de Rugby II Divisão, Portuguese third division.
The club organises the international rugby sevens tournament "Arcos Sevens".
History.
The club was founded on 1981-07-09 by a group of former students of University of Porto and University of Coimbra, were they had also played. Shortly after, in 1983, the club became champion of the Portuguese Third Division. Also in that year, the club started to have youth teams.
On 1986-05-01 the "Coutada" sports field was inaugurated, created exclusively for practising rugby.
In the season of 1986–87, CRAV promoted to Portugal top rugby union level league, Campeonato Nacional de Rugby, and have stayed on that level most of the seasons since then. In 2005, CRAV eventually played, and lost, the championship finals to Dramático de Cascais.
In 2006, the municipal stadium of Arcos de Valdevez was inaugurated. In 2007, the juvenile team became national champion of Rugby of 8; also the women's team reached the top national level.
In 2012, CRAV returned to the Portuguese top division, after the Portuguese Rugby Federation increased the number of teams in the Campeonato Nacional Honra/Super Bock to 10.

</doc>
<doc id="18717521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717521" title="R55">
R55

R55 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18717526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717526" title="Thin-film drug delivery">
Thin-film drug delivery

Thin-film drug delivery uses a dissolving film or oral drug strip to administer drugs via absorption in the mouth (buccally or sublingually) and/or via the small intestines (enterically). A film is prepared using hydrophilic polymers that rapidly dissolves on the tongue or buccal cavity, delivering the drug to the systemic circulation via dissolution when contact with liquid is made.
Thin-film drug delivery has emerged as an advanced alternative to the traditional tablets, capsules and liquids often associated with prescription and OTC medications. Similar in size, shape and thickness to a postage stamp, thin-film strips are typically designed for oral administration, with the user placing the strip on or under the tongue (sublingual) or along the inside of the cheek (buccal). These drug delivery options allow the medication to bypass the first pass metabolism thereby making the medication more bioavailable. As the strip dissolves, the drug can enter the blood stream enterically, buccally or sublingually. Evaluating the systemic transmucosal drug delivery, the buccal mucosa is the preferred region as compared to the sublingual mucosa.
Different buccal delivery products have been marketed or are proposed for certain diseases like trigeminal neuralgia, Meniere's disease, diabetes, and addiction. There are many commercial non-drug product to use thin films like Meltz Super Thin Mints and Listerine PocketPaks breath freshening strips. Since then, thin-film products for other breath fresheners, as well as a number of cold, flu, anti-snoring and gastrointestinal medications, have entered the marketplace. There are currently several projects in development that will deliver prescription drugs using the thin-film dosage form.
Formulation of oral drug strips involves the application of both aesthetic and performance characteristics such as strip-forming polymers, plasticizers, active pharmaceutical ingredient, sweetening agents, saliva stimulating agent, flavoring agents, coloring agents, stabilizing and thickening agents. From the regulatory perspectives, all excipients used in the formulation of oral drug strips should be approved for use in oral pharmaceutical dosage forms.
Undergraduate biomedical engineering students at Johns Hopkins University have created a new drug delivery system based on the thin-film technology used by a breath freshener. Laced with a vaccine against rotavirus, the strips could be used to provide the vaccine to infants in impoverished areas.
Oral drug strip development.
Strip forming polymers.
The polymer employed should be non-toxic, non-irritant and devoid of leachable impurities. It should have good wetting and spreadability property. The polymer should exhibit sufficient peel, shear and tensile strengths. The polymer should be readily available and should not be very expensive. Film obtained should be tough enough so that there won't be any damage while handling or during transportation. Combination of microcrystalline cellulose and maltodextrin has been used to formulate Oral Strips of piroxicam made by hot melt extrusion technique. Pullulan has been the most widely used film former (used in Listerine PocketPak, Benadryl, etc.)
Plasticizer.
Plasticizer is a vital ingredient of the OS formulation. It helps to improve the flexibility of the strip and reduces the brittleness of the strip. Plasticizer significantly improves the strip properties by reducing the glass transition temperature of the polymer. Glycerol, Propylene glycol, low molecular weight polyethylene glycols, phthalate derivatives like dimethyl, diethyl and dibutyl phthalate, Citrate derivatives such as tributyl, triethyl, acetyl citrate, triacetin and castor oil are some of the commonly used plasticizer excipients.
Active pharmaceutical ingredient.
Since the size of the dosage form has limitation, high-dose molecules are difficult to be incorporated in OS. Generally 5%w/w to 30%w/w of active pharmaceutical ingredients can be incorporated in the OS.
Sweeting, flavoring and coloring agent.
An important aspect of thin film drug technology is its taste and color. The sweet taste in formulation is more important in case of pediatric population. Natural sweeteners as well as artificial sweeteners are used to improve the flavor of the mouth dissolving formulations for the flavors changes from individual to individual. Pigments such as titaniumdioxide is incorporated for coloring.
Stabilizing and thickening agents.
The stabilizing and thickening agents are employed to improve the viscosity and consistency of dispersion or solution of the strip preparation solution or suspension before casting. Drug content uniformity is a requirement for all dosage forms, particularly those containing low dose highly potent drugs. To uniquely meet this requirement, thin film formulations contain uniform dispersions of drug throughout the whole manufacturing process. Since this criterion is essential for the quality of the thin film and final pharmaceutical dosage form, the use of Laser Scanning Confocal Microscopy (LSCM) was recommended to follow the manufacturing process.
Commercial oral strip drugs.
There are not yet many medications available in a thin film form on the market. Those that are include:
On July 2, 2010, Strativa Pharmaceuticals, the proprietary products division of Par Pharmaceutical, received approval from the US FDA for Zuplenz (ondansetron) oral soluble film (OSF) for the prevention of postoperative, highly and moderately emetogenic cancer chemotherapy-induced, and radiotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
Commercial oral strips in development.
An increasing number of film-based therapeutics are in development, including:
Advantages.
The design of thin film, often referred to as PharmFilm, as an oral drug delivery technology offers several advantages over other modes of drug delivery, such as ingestible tablets, chewable tablets, orally dissolving tablets, softgels, liquids or inhalants:
External links.
For drug delivery see route of administration

</doc>
<doc id="18717534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717534" title="Jefferson's Tree of Liberty">
Jefferson's Tree of Liberty

"Jefferson's Tree of Liberty" is a 2008 studio album by Jefferson Starship, released on September 2, 2008. It is the tenth studio album recorded by the band under the Jefferson Starship name, the first studio album since 1999's "Windows of Heaven" and the first on a major label by the band since 1989 when Starship's "Love Among the Cannibals" and Jefferson Airplane's reunion album, "Jefferson Airplane" were both released. The new album includes cover songs from Irish, American, English, and Latin-American traditions. The title is a reference to Thomas Jefferson's quotation, "The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants." The idea began in 2003 as "The Cuba Project", which was to include classic protest and folk songs recorded in Cuba. In 2008 the album was finally recorded but in California. About half of the songs planned for The Cuba Project were used on the final cut, with other songs coming from Jefferson Starship's previous repertoire and another project band member Paul Kantner had planned called "On the Threshold of Fire." The promotional tour for the album began in late June with shows at Larkspur, California followed by tours in the US and Europe before the album's release, and continued through December 2008 with a further tour in the US and a tour in Japan. On February 1, 2009, more tour dates and venues were announced by the band's manager Michael Gaiman, with additional plans to continue the tour through 2010 and bring it to Australia and South America. David Grisman joined the band for the April 2009 tour dates. The band's promotion for the album ended in June 2009 as the band changed their set-list to Jefferson Airplane's Woodstock Festival material and started touring with the "Heroes of Woodstock" through the end of October.
Planning and production.
The Cuba Project.
In 2003, Paul Kantner published a book of Jefferson Airplane and Jefferson Starship lyrics, entitled "Lyrica: Paul Kantner's Theory of Everything". In the book, a new album is mentioned as "es posible?", entitled "The Cuba Project: Flores de la Noche." Marty Balin had been pushing for a classic style Jefferson Starship album, but Kantner and manager Michael Gaiman pushed for the idea of recording older protest songs in Cuba. A song list and Gaiman's notes were published along with the Lyrica book, which included 21 songs selected by Kantner, Balin and Gaiman. Manager Michael Gaiman had visited the University of Havana to set up recording for the band, but the United States Department of State wouldn't allow the venture. The next plan was to record in Amsterdam, but the financing could not be put together and the project was left in limbo as the band continued to tour.
Personnel changes.
In 2007 Marty Balin began to tour less with the band, turning a majority of his time to taking care of his disabled daughter. Prairie Prince decided to leave after being with the band since 1992. Diana Mangano also left around the same time and was replaced by vocalist Cathy Richardson. Once Richardson joined the band, Gaiman and Kantner decided the time was right to record the album, partly to have an album ready in time for the 2008 US presidential elections. The album would be recorded in California. As the band's personnel continued to change, it was uncertain who would participate in the new album. At the time studio sessions began, the band consisted of Paul Kantner, Slick Aguilar, Chris Smith, Cathy Richardson, Donny Baldwin, and David Freiberg. The band made the decision that the album would be mostly acoustic, so band member Slick Aguilar did not contribute on most of the songs included. Although Donny Baldwin now handled the drums on tour, Prairie Prince returned for the studio sessions. Marty Balin was to have recorded lead vocals for a cover of Bruce Cockburn's "If I Had a Rocket Launcher" and Buffalo Springfield's "For What It's Worth" but his art touring schedule conflicted with studio sessions and he could not attend. Instead, manager Gaiman took the track "Maybe for You" that had appeared on the German version of "Windows of Heaven" and substituted it for Marty's contribution. Richardson and David Freiberg recorded vocals for other songs that had been planned for Balin. Jack Casady appears on "Maybe for You" but did not participate in the recording of the album. Kantner and Grace Slick's daughter China attempted to convince Slick to sing again, but she did not want to return to performing. Gaiman convinced Slick to at least let the band use a previously unreleased recording from 1970 and Slick's vocals appear on the hidden track at the end of the album. 
Previous Jefferson Starship vocalists Diana Mangano and Darby Gould also contributed vocals to the album.
Final cut.
The final cut of the album includes about half of the songs originally planned. Other material included on the album include songs that Jefferson Starship has been performing since 1992 but had not committed to an album previously, including "Frenario" and World Entertainment War's "In a Crisis." Also included are several songs that Kantner had learned from The Weavers, adding his own lyrical twists to them, "Wasn't That a Time", "Follow the Drinking Gourd", "Santy Anno", and "Kisses Sweeter Than Wine." "Santy Anno" had been planned for a solo project entitled "On the Threshold of Fire." Kantner folded several songs he had been writing together to create his new version of "On the Threshold of Fire." "Cowboy on the Run", a song from Freiberg's previous band, Quicksilver Messenger Service is also included. "The Quiet Joys of Brotherhood" was not intended for the album until Darby Gould on the first day of mixing wanted to redo her vocals for "Genesis Hall." Gaiman instead suggested that she record another song, but it would have to be a cappella. They settled on covering Sandy Denny's version of "The Quiet Joys of Brotherhood." In a nod to the band's past the album features a small image of the cover art to the 1974 Jefferson Starship album "Dragon Fly" on its rear cover.
Bill Thompson / Grace Slick lawsuit.
Around March 2007, the band performed some concerts to advertise Microsoft's product, Windows Vista and were paid $100,000. Although Kantner had been using the name Jefferson Starship since 1992, it was in fact a violation of the agreement he had signed in 1985 when he had left the band. Bill Thompson as manager of Jefferson Starship sued Kantner for using the band name. Grace Slick was named as plaintiff along with Thompson. The album was in production at the time the case was going to court, and Slick remains uncredited on the album. The case was however settled in April 2008, with Kantner agreeing to pay a license fee to Thompson and Slick to be able to use the name Jefferson Starship indefinitely.
Promotion and tour.
The album was promoted in several different ways. In addition to the band's own website, a Myspace page was started with several tracks from the album available for listening. The band also posted a live performance of "Chimes of Freedom" to YouTube, and later added a video montage of the studio sessions set to the studio version of the same song. In June, 2008, 3 days of concerts featuring Kantner, Freiberg, Richardson, and Smith were held in Larkspur near San Francisco with performances of Kantner's previous albums "Blows Against the Empire", "Baron von Tollbooth & the Chrome Nun" and all the tracks from the new album. In addition, several "listening parties" were held where fans in attendance along with press could hear the album in its entirety before the band itself performed. After the June concerts in Larkspur, several concerts in California and New England including listening parties followed. In late July, a tour of the United Kingdom and Italy began. Slick Aguilar could not tour outside of the US, so Jeff Pevar and John Ferenzik took over guitar duties, and Tony Morley joined the band playing rhythm guitar, mandolin, and percussion. The European tour ended shortly before the album's release and the American tour resumed on the release date of the album, with Aguilar returning and with Marty Balin joining the band for some of the American concerts. The band decided to tour in two different configurations: for the most part they would perform as an acoustic ensemble with Kantner, Freiberg, Richardson, and Smith; and occasionally they would play a full electric set and include Aguilar, Baldwin, and sometimes Balin. The tour continued throughout 2008 with a tour of the East Coast, West Coast, and Midwest of the United States. In November, Kantner, Smith, Richardson, and Freiberg left the mainland and performed in Hawaii followed by a tour in Japan, with Tony Morley joining again in Japan. Balin was scheduled for the Hawaii concerts, but did not attend. A further tour was announced in February 2009 covering several US states, the UK, and Holland. In April, the electric version of the band joined David Grisman as "The Jefferson-Grisman" project for a series of performances in April. In June, Jeff Pevar joined the band as bassist, and the band changed its focus from the album to Jefferson Airplane's Woodstock Festival material touring in the electric configuration with Tom Constanten, Canned Heat, Ten Years After, Big Brother & the Holding Company, and Country Joe MacDonald for a tour known as "Heroes of Woodstock." The tour is scheduled to the end of October.
Track listing.
Track listing and author list from liner notes
Personnel.
Personnel information from official page and liner notes

</doc>
<doc id="18717540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717540" title="Holmes-Shannon House">
Holmes-Shannon House

The Holmes-Shannon House is a Craftsman style home with Tudor influences, built in 1911 in the Victoria Park neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. Designed by Robert Farquhar Train and Robert Edmund Williams, the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in March 2008 based on its well-preserved Craftsman architecture. It is also listed as a Historic-Cultural Monument by the City of Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission, which described it as "a residential building designed in the Tudor-Craftsman style by a prominent firm and reflective of the development of Victoria Park".

</doc>
<doc id="18717544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717544" title="HD 185018">
HD 185018

HD 185018 is star in double system.

</doc>
<doc id="18717545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717545" title="Samokov dialect">
Samokov dialect

The Samokov dialect is a Bulgarian dialect, member of the Southwestern Bulgarian dialects, which is spoken in the region of Samokov in central western Bulgaria. Its immediate neighbours are the Sofia dialect and Elin Pelin dialect to the north, the Ihtiman dialect to the east, the Dupnitsa dialect to the west and the Razlog dialect to the south. 
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
For other phonological and morphological characteristics typical for all Southwestern dialects, cf. Southwestern Bulgarian dialects.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_zap_2.htm#samokovski]

</doc>
<doc id="18717562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717562" title="Bay Harbor, Michigan">
Bay Harbor, Michigan

Bay Harbor is an upscale residential and resort community that is part of the City of Petoskey in Emmet County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is a partially gated, master-planned community.
Bay Harbor is in a sheltered bay on the south shore of the Little Traverse Bay on Lake Michigan. It is on U.S. Route 31, with Petoskey, immediately adjacent to the east along the harbor. It is home to the upscale Inn at Bay Harbor, a Boyne Resort property.
In the late 19th century, a lime stone quarry was opened on property that is now Bay Harbor. Around 1917, Petoskey Portland Cement incorporated with the purpose of manufacturing cement. For over 80 years, Petoskey Portland and its later holding-company owner, Penn Dixie, provided jobs for hundreds of workers. Mining operations and a massive cement plant operated over and five miles (8 km) of Lake Michigan shoreline on Little Traverse Bay. Ceasing operations in the 1980s, the cement plant was abandoned, leaving a brownfield landscape of chromium brick, asbestos, coal and 2.5-million cubic yards of kiln dust.
In 1993, several parties joined together to undertake what would become the largest reclamation in North America. In 1994, simultaneous explosions demolished the cement plant smokestacks. Eight months later, the barrier between Bay Harbor and Little Traverse Bay was removed, and water rushed in at the rate of . Within 24 hours, over of water formed Bay Harbor Lake.
Bay Harbor's town center, the "Village at Bay Harbor", has boutiques and restaurants where the former cement plant once stood. The Village is the center of the community, featuring such public elements as a marina, public observation platform and walking trails. Nearly one mile of Michigan shoreline and of prime land were donated as public parks by Bay Harbor Company and are connected by five miles of non-motorized public nature trails.
Bay Harbor has over , 25 neighborhoods and five miles (8 km) of Lake Michigan waterfront. Three nine-hole golf courses line the shoreline and woodlands and have been rated eighth in the nation by "Golf Digest". of sheltered harborage offers protection for 120 public boat docks and another 128 private "dockominiums". Bay Harbor is a four-season luxury resort community and has a world-class deep water harbor, the Olympic caliber Bay Harbor Equestrian Club, and the 27-hole Bay Harbor Golf Club, designed by Arthur Hills and hailed by "Golf Digest" as "The Pebble Beach of the Midwest."

</doc>
<doc id="18717573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717573" title="NRK P3">
NRK P3

NRK P3 is one of three nation-wide analogue radio channels operated by the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation (NRK). It was established as NRK's third radio channel in 1993, and was the result of the NRK radio channel reform initiated in 1993 by radio director Tor Fuglevik.
NRK P3 focuses on youth culture: principally music, together with humour, entertainment, and health education.
Over the years NRK P3 has fostered such prominent entertainers as Aishath Afeef, Barbara Jahn, Vegard Nordahl, Thomas Numme, Steinar Sagen, Kristopher Schau, Kari Slaatsveen, Jørgen Strickert, and Espen Thoresen.

</doc>
<doc id="18717585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717585" title="Gina O'Connor">
Gina O'Connor

Dr. Gina Colarelli O'Connor is associate professor in the Lally School of Management & Technology at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, where she has taught and conducted research for more than 15 years. She has served as the Director of the Lally School’s MBA/MS programs, Associate Director of the Severino Center for Technology Entrepreneurship, and is currently the Academic Director of the Executive MBA program. Doctor O’Connor is also the Director of the Radical Innovation Research Program, ongoing at the Lally School since 1995. In that role, she recently lead a team of ten researchers across three universities in the program’s second phase, a longitudinal research study designed to understand and improve large, established companies' implementation of radical innovation capabilities. She is responsible for recruiting twenty one Fortune 1000 companies to participate in this three-year effort, which is now complete and has culminated in the publication of a book, titled "Grabbing Lightning: Building a Capability for Breakthrough Innovation" (Jossey-Bass, 2008)[http://grabbinglightning.com].
Before joining RPI in 1988, Dr. O'Connor earned her Ph.D. in Marketing and Corporate Strategy at New York University. Prior to that time, she spent several years with McDonnell Douglas Corporation in Contract Administration on the AV-8B Harrier program, and at Monsanto Chemical Corporation's Department of Social Responsibility.
Professor O'Connor's teaching and research interests lie at the intersection of corporate entrepreneurship and Radical Innovation, Marketing, and Commercialization of Advanced Technology. The majority of her research efforts focus on how firms link advanced technology
development to market opportunities. She has published more than 30 articles in refereed journals including The Journal of Product Innovation Management, Organization Science, MIT’s Sloan Management Review, California Management Review, Academy of Management Executive, The Journal of Strategic Marketing, The European Journal of Marketing, Psychology and Marketing, Business Horizons, The Journal of Advertising Research and The Journal of Advertising, and is co-author of the book Radical Innovation, How Mature Firms Can Outsmart Upstarts, published by Harvard Business Press in December, 2000.
Professor O'Connor's teaching experience includes the executive MBA program at RPI and custom in house programs at a number of well known US based companies such as Air Products, Albany International, General Motors and IBM. In the full-time MBA program, she has participated in and led the flagship team taught courses in new product development, organizational growth, and business implications of emerging technologies. She has also developed courses such as Commercializing Advanced Technologies and Corporate Entrepreneurship that build on her work in Radical Innovation, and has developed and offered Doctoral Seminars in New Product Development. She won the RPI Alumni Teaching Award in 2006, and four of her published papers have won best paper of the year award in various scholarly journals. Dr. O’Connor has consulted with many companies to help them develop capabilities for commercializing technology based on breakthrough innovations.

</doc>
<doc id="18717586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717586" title="Hieromneme">
Hieromneme

Hieromneme was a minor naiad of Asia Minor in Greek mythology. She was a daughter of the river-god Simoïs and the wife of Assaracus, by whom she bore Capys. Alternately, she was the daughter-in-law of Assaracus, wife of Capys and mother of Anchises.

</doc>
<doc id="18717587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717587" title="Little Mac Ski Hill">
Little Mac Ski Hill

Little Mac Ski Hill, known as Little Mac, is a community-operated ski area adjacent to Mackenzie, British Columbia, Canada in the northern Rocky Mountain Trench. The area has one tow lift and vertical differential of 90 m (295 ft). The longest run is 210 m (689 ft). In addition to downhill skiing, the hill also has areas for tobogganing and snowboarding.
Little Mac Ski Hill is funded by the District of Mackenzie and is maintained threw the municipality of Mackenzie. All matters regarding Little Mac Ski Hill is handled by public works in Mackenzie. Little Mac is one of the main tourist attractions to Mackenzie, British Columbia, even though the hill itself is very small, the close proximity to the town of Mackenzie makes it a hit for families and children of all ages.
It was announced on July 25, 2008 that the ski area would receive $160,000 from the Towns for Tomorrow program of the provincial government to rebuild the Little Mac Ski Chalet. Though not directly part of the ski area, there are 32 km (20 mi) of groomed and lit cross-country ski trails immediately accessible from the town of Mackenzie, with three specially built warming huts.

</doc>
<doc id="18717589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717589" title="1,8-Diaminonaphthalene">
1,8-Diaminonaphthalene

1,8-Diaminonaphthalene is an aromatic amine. It is a precursor to 1,8-bis(dimethylamino)naphthalene.

</doc>
<doc id="18717593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717593" title="Accel-KKR">
Accel-KKR

Accel-KKR is a technology-focused private equity firm with over $2.3 billion in capital under management. The firm invests primarily in software and IT-enabled businesses well positioned for top-line and bottom-line growth. At the core of Accel-KKR's investment strategy is a commitment to developing strong partnerships with the management teams of its portfolio companies and a focus on building value through significant resources available through the Accel-KKR network. Accel-KKR focuses on middle market companies, providing capital for buyouts and growth investments across a range of opportunities including recapitalizations, divisional carve-outs and going private transactions.
The firm was founded in February 2000 as a partnership between venture capital firm Accel Partners and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, one of the oldest and largest leveraged buyout firms. However, the firm operates independently of either firm today.
Accel-KKR raised over $2.3 billion of investor commitments, including $850 million for its fourth fund, which closed in 2012, and $600 million for its third fund which closed in September 2008. Companies owned by Accel-KKR include:
Previous investments from which Accel-KKR has since exited include:
On February 15, 2013, it was announced that Accel-KKR intended to buy Sage Nonprofit Solutions, a division of The Sage Group plc that produces software designed for nonprofit organizations and governmental agencies.

</doc>
<doc id="18717611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717611" title="1st Battalion, Parachute Regiment">
1st Battalion, Parachute Regiment

The First Battalion, Parachute Regiment (1 PARA), forms the United Kingdom's Special Forces Support Group (SFSG).
An airborne light infantry unit, the battalion has since 2006 been the main contributor of manpower to the Special Forces Support Group and is capable of a wide range of operations. Based at RAF St Athan, their barracks in South Wales, personnel regularly deploy outside of the United Kingdom on operations and training.
All personnel will have completed the Pre Parachute Selection (P Company) course at the Infantry Training Centre Catterick Garrison, North Yorkshire (previously it was at Aldershot, Hampshire).
The 1st is based at St Athan, Wales, and is permanently attached to the Special Forces Support Group (SFSG). To be selected for the 1st Battalion, Paras first have to have served two years with the 2nd or 3rd Battalions. Once selected, they receive further training on additional weapons, communications equipment and specialist assault skills. All men within the Parachute Regiment can expect to serve with the SFSG on rotation. This ensures that the advanced military skills taught to the SFSG are maintained in the other two regular battalions.
Under Army 2020, it is expected that 1 PARA will remain as part of the SFSG.
History.
The 1st Battalion can trace its origins to 1940, when the No. 2 Commando were trained as parachutists. In 1941, the battalion was assigned to the 1st Parachute Brigade, part of the 1st Airborne Division.
The battalion took part in operation in Tunisia and Italy before dropping into the Netherlands in September 1944, as part of Operation Market Garden.
After the war the battalion was reconstituted in 1946, and affiliated to the Brigade of Guards and served with the 6th Airborne Division in Palestine. It was disbanded in 1948, only to be reformed by the renumbering of the 4th/6th Battalion. The battalion was part of Operation Musketeer in 1956.
In the 1970s, the battalion first deployed to Northern Ireland in Operation Banner. The battalion was central to the events of Bloody Sunday, 30 January 1972, when they opened fire on unarmed civil rights demonstrators leaving 14 civilians dead and 13 wounded. The second official inquiry of the killings found 1st Paras actions "unjustified and unjustifiable".
The battalion was involved in the NATO operations in Kosovo in 1999, Operation Agricola. One Company was also selected to provide support for the Special Air Service in Sierra Leone during Operation Palliser in 2000. In 2003, they were deployed to the Persian Gulf for Operation Telic in Iraq. In 2006, it was announced that the 1st Battalion, Parachute Regiment, would in future be based at RAF St Athan, in Wales, and assigned to the Special Forces Support Group, which is part of the United Kingdom Special Forces.

</doc>
<doc id="18717623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717623" title="R56">
R56

R56 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18717624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717624" title="2nd Battalion, Parachute Regiment">
2nd Battalion, Parachute Regiment

The Second Battalion, Parachute Regiment (2 PARA), is a battalion-sized formation of the British Army's Parachute Regiment and subordinate unit within 16th Air Assault Brigade whose Commanding Officer was Lieutenant Colonel Adam Dawson OBE, MC.
2 PARA is an airborne light infantry unit capable of a wide range of operational tasks, based at Merville Barracks, Colchester Garrison, England. Personnel regularly deploy outside the United Kingdom on operations and training.
All personnel have completed the Pre Parachute Selection (P Company) course at Depot PARA at Catterick, North Yorkshire (previously Aldershot, Hampshire), entitling them to wear the maroon beret.
History.
The 2nd Battalion was formed on 30 September 1941, as the 2nd Parachute Battalion, and later became part of the Army Air Corps. The battalion took part in their first active operation over the night of the 27–28 February 1942, Operation Biting, the raid on Bruneval in France. On 1 August of the same year the battalion was renamed the 2nd Battalion, the Parachute Regiment.
The battalion was part of the 1st Parachute Brigade, 1st Airborne Division, and fought in the British airborne operations in North Africa, Operation Fustian in Sicily, Operation Slapstick on the Italian mainland and, most famously, the Battle of Arnhem in September 1944.
After the Second World War the battalion was reformed and served with the 6th Airborne Division in Palestine. It was then amalgamated with the 3rd Parachute Battalion and renamed the 2nd/3rd Battalion and shortly afterwards disbanded. A new 2nd Battalion was formed later the same year by renumbering the 5th (Scottish) Parachute Battalion.
In 1951 the battalion was deployed to Ismaïlia, Egypt, after civil unrest in the region and to protect the Suez Canal. In July 1956, 2 Para went to Cyprus to counter EOKA insurgency. They then took part in Operation Musketeer in November of the same year as part of 16 Independent Parachute Brigade, landing by sea and occupying El Cap.
In June 1961, as part of an 8,000 strong battle-group, 2 Para was sent to Kuwait to forestall a threatened invasion by Iraq. In early 1965 the battalion was rushed to Singapore in response to a threat of invasion of Borneo by Indonesia. In the following Indonesian Confrontation, B Company repulsed an attack by an Indonesian battalion in the jungle at Plaman Mapu. In March 1969, 2 Para went to the Caribbean island of Anguilla to restore the British administration. They landed by boat from three Royal Navy frigates together with 40 police officers, and were later awarded the Wilkinson Sword of Peace ‘for acts of humanity and kindness overseas’.
In the 1970s the battalion was sent to Northern Ireland as part of Operation Banner for the first of many tours.
In 1982 the battalion was part of the force sent to the South Atlantic in Operation Corporate, as part of 3 Commando Brigade.
The battalion were the first troops from the main assault body to land on the islands. Landing on the shore at San Carlos Water (codename: Blue Beach) 
Their first battle was the Battle of Goose Green, on 28 May.
This was followed by the Battle of Wireless Ridge before they participated in the recapture of Port Stanley.
In August 2001 the battalion was part of the NATO Operation Essential Harvest in Macedonia. This was followed in 2002 by Operation Fingal, in Afghanistan.
The battalion took part in Operation Telic in Iraq and Operation Herrick in Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18717628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717628" title="Castle of Thy-le-Château">
Castle of Thy-le-Château

The Castle of Thy-le-Chateau is a medieval castle located in Namur, Belgium. Originally built in the 12th century, it served as the military fortress for several noble clans until the French Revolution, when it fell into disrepair. The castle was successfully restored in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="18717637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717637" title="3rd Battalion, Parachute Regiment">
3rd Battalion, Parachute Regiment

The 3rd Battalion, Parachute Regiment (3 PARA), is a battalion sized formation of the British Army's Parachute Regiment and subordinate unit within 16 Air Assault Brigade.
Roled as an Airborne light infantry unit, the battalion is capable of a wide range of operational taskings. Based at Merville Barracks, Colchester Garrison, their barracks in England, personnel regularly deploy outside of the United Kingdom on operations and training.
All personnel will have completed the Pre Parachute Selection (P Company) course at Depot PARA at Catterick, North Yorkshire (previously Aldershot, Hampshire), entitling them to wear the maroon beret.
A unique part of the 3rd Battalion is the inclusion of the Guards Parachute Platoon incorporated into B Company and also known as 6 Platoon. The Guards Parachute Platoon is made up of volunteers from the 5 Regiments of the Foot Guards who can be distinguished from other paratroopers by a "blue red blue" patch sewn to their beret beneath the Parachute Regiment cap badge.
Background.
Impressed by the success of German airborne operations during the Battle of France, the British Prime Minister, Winston Churchill directed the War Office to investigate the possibility of creating a corps of 5,000 parachute troops. On 22 June 1940, No. 2 Commando was redeployed to parachute duties and on 21 November re-designated the 11th Special Air Service Battalion, with both a parachute and glider wing, the men of which took part in the first British airborne operation, Operation Colossus, on 10 February 1941. The success of the raid prompted the War Office to expand the airborne forces, setting up the Airborne Forces Depot and Battle School in Derbyshire in April 1942, and creating the Parachute Regiment as well as converting a number of infantry battalions into airborne battalions in August 1942. This resulted in the formation of the 1st Airborne Division with the 1st Parachute Brigade and the 1st Airlanding Brigade. Its commander Major General Frederick "Boy" Browning, expressed his opinion that the fledgling force must not be sacrificed in "penny packets" and urged the formation of further brigades.
All parachute forces had to undergo a twelve day parachute training course at No. 1 Parachute Training School, RAF Ringway. Initial parachute jumps were from a converted barrage balloon and finished with five jumps from an aircraft. Anyone failing to complete a descent was returned to his old unit. Those men who successfully completed the parachute course were presented with their maroon beret and parachute wings.
Airborne soldiers were expected to fight against superior numbers of the enemy armed with heavy weapons, including artillery and tanks. Training was as a result designed to encourage a spirit of self-discipline, self-reliance and aggressiveness. Emphasis was given to physical fitness, marksmanship and fieldcraft. A large part of the training regime consisted of assault courses and route marching while military exercises included capturing and holding airborne bridgeheads, road or rail bridges and coastal fortifications. At the end of most exercises, the battalions would march back to their barracks. An ability to cover long distances at speed was also expected: airborne platoons were required to cover a distance of in twenty-four hours, and battalions .
3rd Battalion.
The 3rd Parachute Battalion was formed in 1941, from volunteers amongst infantry regiments in the British Army. It became part of the 1st Parachute Brigade, later part of the 1st Airborne Division. The battalion first saw action during the Operation Torch landings, and then further operations in North Africa, by the independent 1st Parachute Brigade.
After the Tunisian campaign, the battalion and brigade rejoined the 1st Airborne Division, and took part in Operation Fustian in Sicily, and Operation Slapstick on the Italian mainland.
Withdrawn to Britain with the rest of the 1st Airborne Division, their next mission was during Operation Market Garden and the Battle of Arnhem. During which the battalion was virtually wiped out. Afterwards the battalion was reformed but never saw any further action during the Second World War. The battalion was then assigned to the 3rd Parachute Brigade in the 6th Airborne Division and served with them in Palestine. The battalion was disbanded in 1948, but was reformed by the re-numbering of the 7th (Light Infantry) Parachute Battalion as the 3rd later the same year.
Recently, 3 PARA took part in a large training exercise to return to the Airborne Assault role.
3 PARA is training with its anti-tank platoon to take on the AATF role from May 2014, with the unit’s airborne infantry bolstered by artillery, engineers, medics and logisticians from 16 Air Assault Brigade.

</doc>
<doc id="18717645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717645" title="Sergio Grieco">
Sergio Grieco

Sergio Grieco (January 13, 1917 - March 30, 1982) was an Italian film director and screenwriter.
He directed nearly 40 films between 1950 and 1977. Grieco is best known for his adventure and spy films and directed the Secret Agent 077 series of James Bond parody films such as "Agent 077 From the Orient with Fury" and "Agent 077 - Mission Bloody Mary" in 1965 under the name Terence Hathaway.

</doc>
<doc id="18717653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717653" title="Francesco Carofiglio">
Francesco Carofiglio

Francesco Carofiglio (born in Bari, Italy, on July 4, 1964) is an Italian architect, writer and director. Son of writer Enza Buono and brother of writer and member of the Italian Senate Gianrico Carofiglio.
Biography.
Francesco Carofiglio started working as actor and illustrator during his high school years. He earned his B.A. in architecture at universita' di Firenze, Italy while moving his first steps with scenography and directing. During those years, he collaborated with Giorgio Albertazzi, Ugo Chiti, Gabriele Ferzetti, Torao Suzuki, Egisto Marcucci, among others. Since then, he has been writing plays without interrupting his activity as architect and illustrator. The "Fondazione Nazionale Carlo Collodi" has hosted an exhibition of Carofiglio's illustrations of Pinocchio. As architect, he has been designing exhibitions, picture galleries and performance spaces. He also writes screenplays for Italian cinema and TV.
In 2007, he co-authored the screenplay "Il passato è una terra straniera", (from the book "The Past is a foreign Country") produced by Fandango, starring Elio Germano and Michele Riondino, directed by Daniele Vicari won the "Gran premio della Giuria" as best film at the Miami Film Festival, Florida 2009.
From 2002 to 2005 Carofiglio directed the University of Bari acting school. His short movies won a number of national and international awards.
Novels.
His first novel "With or without you" (in Italian with an English title) was published by BUR Rizzoli in 2005. Again with Rizzoli, Francesco and his brother Gianrico released their first graphic novel, "Cacciatori nelle tenebre", 2007. The following year Marsilio released "L'estate del cane nero" (premio LibriaMola 2008) and in 2009 "Ritorno nella valle degli angeli" (Marsilio, (premio Fenice Europa, premio “Antonio Sebastiani” Città di Minturno, Premio Stresa 2010 per la Narrativa).

</doc>
<doc id="18717656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717656" title="Adolf Klose">
Adolf Klose

Adolf Klose (1844 - 1923) was the chief engineer of the Royal Württemberg State Railways in southern Germany from June 1885 to 1896.
Klose was born on 21 May 1844 in Bernstadt auf dem Eigen, in Saxony. Before his taking up his post in Stuttgart he had been the technical inspector of the United Swiss Railways ("Vereinigten Schweizerbahnen"). After a period of depending on Prussian prototypes between 1865 and 1885, a new engineering direction followed under Klose's time in office. It was stamped by numerous home-grown ideas and discoveries. In particular he promoted the introduction of compound working for steam locomotives in Württemberg.
The patented Klose steering ("Klose-Lenkwerk") carries his name. This was a multipartite and complex device for steam locomotives, which controlled the radial setting of leading and trailing wheelsets in order to improve curve running. Unfortunately, its costly maintenance and tendency to develop faults meant that his invention had no lasting success, something which was true of many other of his devices.
In 1906, Rudolf Diesel, Adolf Klose and the steam and Diesel engine manufacturer Gebrüder Sulzer founded "Gesellschaft für Thermolokomotiven, Diesel-Klose-Sulzer GmbH" for the manufacture of Diesel-powered locomotives. The company produced one Diesel-mechanical locomotive for the Prussian State Railways in 1912.
Adolf Klose died on 2 September 1923 in Munich, Bavaria.

</doc>
<doc id="18717657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717657" title="Grimaldi Group">
Grimaldi Group

The Grimaldi Group is a private shipping company owned by Guido Grimaldi and based in Naples, Italy. Grimaldi operates a large fleet of ro-ro vessels.
Shipping.
The Grimaldi Group is a conglomerate of companies linked to the logistics business with a main-focus on shipping. The main brands of the company are:
Grimaldi Lines.
This is the main shipping company within the group. The Grimaldi family has had links to shipping for many generations. According to their own records, the oldest written records linking the Grimaldi family to shipping dates back to 1348, when three Grimaldi brothers received a precious relic as a guarantee for the chartering of three ships
The current Grimaldi companies can be traced back to the middle of the 19th century, when Italian shipowner Gioacchino Lauro started a steamboat company. His son Achille expanded that shipping company and, in the middle of the 20th century, it became one of the largest shipping companies in the world. At that time, Giovanni Grimaldi was a lawyer who was married to the sister of above Achille Lauro. Amelia Grimaldi-Lauro asked her brother Achillo to take her son Guido under his wings, and this brought the Grimaldi family back into the shipping business. It was this son, Guido, who founded the group in 1947 with his brothers Luigi, Mario, Aldo and Ugo by buying a Liberty ship.
Ferry operations.
Grimaldi Lines operate ferry-lines with routes in the Mediterranean. They have routes to Spain, Morocco, Tunisia, Malta and Italy. Under the Grimaldi Lines brand they operate six ro-ro ferries. The ships in the Grimaldi Lines fleet vary in size and design, with the larger ferries being able to carry up to 2200 passengers and a cruise-speed of 22.5 knots
Cargo.
For cargo the company uses their passenger cruise ferry class ships, dedicated truck ferries and also container/ro-ro ships. Grimaldi has a fleet of special car carriers. Grimaldi has 32 dedicated car + container ships and another 5 "Atlantic" class ships.
One of these car-carriers, the "Republica de Argentina" ran aground in the Western Scheldt between the North Sea and the port of Antwerp on 7 October 2011 but was pulled back afloat at the next high tide

</doc>
<doc id="18717664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717664" title="Billion Dollar Gravy">
Billion Dollar Gravy

Billion Dollar Gravy is a drum n bass album by London Elektricity released in 2003. The album is known for its usage of live musicians, such as the Jungle Drummer (drums), Liane Carroll (jazz vocals), Andy Waterworth (upright bass), Robert Owens (vocals), and others, much like London Elektricity's debut, "Pull the Plug".

</doc>
<doc id="18717672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717672" title="Armageddon (2003)">
Armageddon (2003)

Armageddon (2003) was the fourth Armageddon professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). The event, presented by Square Enix's "Final Fantasy X-2", took place on December 14, 2003 at the TD Waterhouse Centre in Orlando, Florida and was a Raw brand-exclusive event. All four championships exclusive to the Raw brand were contested for; three were lost while one was retained.
The main event was a Triple Threat match for the World Heavyweight Championship between Kane, Triple H, and champion Goldberg. Triple H won the match and the World Heavyweight Championship after pinning Goldberg following a chokeslam from Kane. One of the predominant matches on the undercard was the defense of the WWE Intercontinental Championship by Rob Van Dam against Randy Orton. Orton won the match and became the Intercontinental Champion after pinning Van Dam following an RKO. Another primary match on the undercard was Batista versus Shawn Michaels, which Michaels won by pinfall after executing Sweet Chin Music.
The event grossed $450,000 with 9,000 ticket sales and received 200,000 pay-per-view buys. The event was claimed to be a "flop" by Canadian Online Explorer's professional wrestling event section. They rated the overall event a six out of ten. When the event was released on DVD, it reached a peak position of second on "Billboard"'s DVD sales chart for recreational sports. It remained on the chart for four consecutive weeks.
Background.
The main feud heading into the event was between Goldberg, Kane, and Triple H over the World Heavyweight Championship. In November, at Survivor Series, Goldberg retained the World Heavyweight Championship against Triple H. The night after Survivor Series, Kane became involved in the feud between Goldberg and Triple H after attacking Goldberg following a Handicap match. The following week, on the November 24 episode of "Raw", Kane interfered in a match between Triple H and Goldberg. After the match, General Manager Eric Bischoff announced that Goldberg would be defending the World Heavyweight Championship against Triple H and Kane in a Triple Threat match at Armageddon.
Another primary feud heading into the event was between Randy Orton and Rob Van Dam over the WWE Intercontinental Championship. Van Dam won the title on the September 29 episode of "Raw" by defeating then-champion Christian. On the November 17 episode of "Raw", during a match between Ric Flair and Van Dam, Orton interfered and executed an RKO on Van Dam. Later that night, Orton was granted an Intercontinental Championship match against Van Dam at Armageddon.
One of the predominant matches on the card was Batista versus Shawn Michaels. Their feud first started when Batista attacked Michaels during his elimination match at Survivor Series, with Steve Austin's career on the line. On the November 24 episode of "Raw", Eric Bischoff scheduled a match between the two for Armageddon. The third match was an Intergender tag team match billed as the ""Battle of the Sexes"". It saw Chris Jericho and Christian face off against Trish Stratus and Lita. The match went back and forth, as each team was able to gain the advantage. In the end, Christian pinned Stratus with a roll-up to win the match for himself and Jericho.
The next match was Shawn Michaels versus Batista. Near the end of the match, Batista executed a series of spinebusters on Michaels and attempted to execute a powerbomb. Michaels escaped the powerbomb attempt and executed Sweet Chin Music. He pinned Batista afterward to win the bout. After the match, Maven and Matt Hardy came out for their scheduled match. The two, however, attacked one another outside the ring. Hardy then threw Maven into the ring, where Batista still was. Batista attacked Maven and executed a powerbomb, which forced the referee to declare that Maven could not compete and that his match against Hardy was canceled.
Main event matches.
A Tag Team Turmoil match for the World Tag Team Championship followed. Two of the overall seven teams started the match, with another team entering the match once one was eliminated. Hurricane and Rosey started the match against La Résistance (Robért Conway and René Duprée). Hurricane eliminated La Résistance after pinning Conway following a Super Hero Splash. Seconds after the elimination, Mark Jindrak came into the ring and rolled up Hurricane to eliminate him and Rosey. Jindrak and Garrison Cade then faced off against the team of Val Venis and Lance Storm. While Venis was performing a vertical suplex attempt on Jindrak, Cade clipped Venis' legs, which in turn caused Jindrak to fall atop of Venis. The referee counted the pinfall and eliminated Venis and Storm. The Dudley Boyz (Bubba Ray and D-Von) then eliminated Jindrak and Cade and the team of Test and Scott Steiner to supposedly win the match. General Manager Eric Bischoff, however, announced that Ric Flair and Batista would be the seventh and final team to compete. Flair and Batista eliminated the Dudleys to win the match and begin their first reign as World Tag Team Champions. The sixth match saw WWE Women's Champion Molly Holly defend her title against Ivory. Holly pinned Ivory while holding onto her tights for extra leverage to win the match and retain the title.
Next was the main event, which saw Goldberg defend the World Heavyweight Championship against Kane and Triple H in a Triple Threat match. The match was evenly controlled between the three, as every man was able to gain the advantage. Towards the end of the match, Goldberg performed a spear on Triple H and attempted to get the pinfall. Kane, however, broke up the pin and executed a chokeslam on Goldberg. Evolution member Batista came down and pulled Kane out of the ring, which allowed Triple H to gain the pinfall on Goldberg. Triple H won the match to begin his eighth overall reign as World Heavyweight Champion in WWE.
Aftermath.
Randy Orton defeated Rob Van Dam at the event to begin his first reign as WWE Intercontinental Champion, which would last seven months, the longest reign in over seven years at the time. Orton began feuding with Mick Foley following the event. At the Royal Rumble, Foley eliminated Orton from the Royal Rumble match. After being eliminated, Orton hit Foley with a steel chair and attacked Foley up the entrance stage. Orton pinned Foley in a Handicap match at WrestleMania XX, and defeated him in a Hardcore match to retain the title at Backlash 2004. Orton finally dropped the title to Edge in July 2004.
Triple H ended his storyline with Goldberg and Kane, and started to feud with Shawn Michaels. At the Royal Rumble, Triple H and Michaels fought to a no-contest in a Last Man Standing match for the World Heavyweight Championship. The two would face off again, as part of a Triple Threat match, at WrestleMania XX. Chris Benoit, the other participant in the match, forced Triple H to submit to the Crippler Crossface to win the title. Benoit ended the storyline between the three at Backlash, when he defeated Michaels and Triple H in another Triple Threat match.
Batista and Ric Flair's first World Tag Team Championship reign would last three months, as they would lose the titles to Rob Van Dam and Booker T in February. Christian defeated Chris Jericho at WrestleMania XX. After the match, Trish Stratus, Jericho's on-screen girlfriend at the time, turned on Jericho and joined Christian. Jericho, however, would go on to defeat the two in a Handicap match at Backlash to conclude their storyline.
Reception.
The event grossed $450,000 with 9,000 ticket sales, and received 200,000 buys, which was less than the 300,000 buys the previous year's event received. The buys from Armageddon helped the promotion's pay-per-view revenue of $13.2 million, which was significantly lower than the prior year's revenue of $21.2 million. Canadian Online Explorer's professional wrestling section claimed that the event was a "flop", rating the overall event a six out of ten. The Triple Threat main event match was rated a six and a half out of ten, while the match between Batista and Shawn Michaels received the highest match rating—an eight and a half out of ten.
The event was released on DVD on January 20, 2004. The DVD reached a peak position of second on "Billboard"'s DVD sales chart for recreational sports on February 12, 2004. It remained on the chart for four consecutive weeks, until on March 6, 2004, when it ranked twentieth. The DVD was also reviewed by customers; the average customer rating from "Amazon.com" was three out of five stars.

</doc>
<doc id="18717673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717673" title="Scottlethorpe">
Scottlethorpe

Scottlethorpe is a village in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated approximately north-west from Bourne, and on the A151 road. The village is within the civil parish of Edenham Grimsthorpe Elsthorpe & Scottlethorpe; the local area is part of the Grimsthorpe Castle estate.
The modern settlement is a series of cottages and a small terrace of houses extending along Scottlethorpe Lane between the modern village of Edenham and the site of the medieval chapel.
Scottlethorpe is mentioned in the "Domesday Book" as "Scachertorp" within the Beltisloe Hundred, and consisting of 3 households and 1.3 ploughlands. In 1086 the Lord of the Manor and Tenant-in-chief became Robert of Tosny. 
There were medieval chapels in the area, one at Scottlethorpe, and others wider afield. The remains of the 12th-century chapel at Scottlethorpe exist as part of a barn at Manor Farm. However, the barn doorway might have come not from the chapel, but from Vaudey Abbey

</doc>
<doc id="18717679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717679" title="Wang Xufeng">
Wang Xufeng

Wang Xufeng (; born 1955) is an influential Chinese writer and tea expert. She is a recipient of one the most prestigious literary prizes in China, the Mao Dun Literature Prize.
Biography.
Wang's ancestral hometown was in Tongshan, Jiangsu Province. Wang was born in Pinghu, Jiaxing, Zhejiang Province in February 1955. She studied history at the Department of History, Hangzhou University (currently Zhejiang University) between 1978 and 1982. After graduation, Wang taught at Hangzhou 14th Middle School. She also worked in a Hangzhou local factory manufacturing radio technology. Wang then joined the Zhejiang Labours Association, Zhejiang Tea Museum, and Zhejiang Writers Association.
Wang is currently a researcher at Zhejiang Tea Museum, a professor at Zhejiang Forestry University, and vice president of the Zhejiang Writers Association.
Works.
Wang's most famous work is "Three Trilogies of Teamen", for which she won the 5th Mao Dun Literature Prize (which was awarded on November 11th, 2000 in Tongxiang, Zhejiang Province, where Mao Dun was born).
Wang has also done many studies on tea and tea culture, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="18717697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717697" title="Oleksandr Bandura">
Oleksandr Bandura

Oleksandr Bandura (born 30 May 1986 in Ukraine, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who previously played for Tavriya Simferopol in the Ukrainian Premier League, joining in February 2008. He now plays for FC Metalurh Donetsk.

</doc>
<doc id="18717739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717739" title="Evenor (collection)">
Evenor (collection)

Evenor is a collection of fantasy novelettes by 19th century Scottish author George MacDonald, edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books as the fifty-third volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in November 1972. It was the series' third and last MacDonald volume, and the first and last collection of his shorter fantasies assembled by Carter.
The book collects three short pieces by the author originally published in the 1860s and 1870s, with a general introduction and introductory notes to each story by Carter.

</doc>
<doc id="18717745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717745" title="R63">
R63

R63 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18717746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717746" title="Cephalometric analysis">
Cephalometric analysis

Cephalometric analysis is the study of the dental and skeletal relationships in the head. It is frequently used by dentists, often orthodontists in particular, as a treatment planning tool.
Two of the more popular methods of analysis used in orthodontology are the "Steiner analysis", named after Cecil C. Steiner, and the "McNamara analysis", named after James A. McNamara. There are other methods as well, including the "Ricketts analysis".
Cephalometric radiographs.
Cephalometric analysis depends on cephalometric radiography to study relationships between bony and soft tissue landmarks and can be used to diagnose facial growth abnormalities prior to treatment, in the middle of treatment to evaluate progress or at the conclusion of treatment to ascertain that the goals of treatment have been met. 
A Cephalometric radiograph is a radiograph of the head taken in a Cephalometer (Cephalostat) that is a head-holding device introduced in 1931 by B. H. Broadbent in USA and by H. Hofrath in Germany. The Cephalometer is used to obtain standardized and comparable craniofacial images on radiograghic films.
Lateral cephalometric radiographs.
Lateral cephalometric radiograph is a radiograph of the head taken with the x-ray beam perpendicular to the patient's sagittal plane. Natural head position is a standardized orientation of the head that is reproducible for each individual and is used as a means of standardization during analysis of dentofacial morphology 
both for photos and radiographs. The concept of natural head position was introduced by C. F. A. Moorrees and M. R Kean in 1958 and now is a common method of head orientation for cephalometric radiography.
Registration of the head in its natural position while obtaining a cephalogram has the advantage that an extracranial line (the true vertical or a line perpendicular to that) can be used as a reference line for cephalometric analysis, thus bypassing the difficulties imposed by the biologic variation of intracranial reference lines. True vertical is an external reference line, commonly provided by the image of a free-hanging metal chain on the cephalostat registering on the film or digital cassette during exposure. The true vertical line offers the advantage of no variation (since it is generated by gravity) and is used with radiographs obtained in natural head position.
Posteroanterior (P-A) cephalometric radiograph.
A radiograph of the head taken with the x-ray beam perpendicular to the patient’s coronal plane with the x-ray source behind the head and the film cassette in front of the patient’s face.
Cephalometric tracing.
A Cephalometric tracing is an overlay drawing produced from a cephalometric radiograph by digital means and a computer program or by copying specific outlines from it with a lead pencil onto acetate paper, using an illuminated view-box. Tracings are used to facilitate cephalometric analysis, as well as in superimpositions, to evaluate treatment and growth changes.
Cephalometric landmarks.
The following are important cephalometric landmarks:
Sella (after sella turcica)
Nasion
A-point
B-point
Pogonion
Menton
Gnathion
Gonion
Porion
Orbitale
Bolton
Classification of Analyses.
The basic elements of analysis are angles and distances. Measurements (in degrees or millimetres) may be treated as absolute or relative, or they may be related to each other to express proportional correlations. The various analyses may be grouped into the following:
These in turn may be grouped according to the following concepts on which normal values have been based:
Cephalometric angles.
According to the Steiner's analysis:
ANB (A point, nasion, B point)- indicates whether the skeletal relationship between the maxilla and mandible is a normal (skeletal class I relationship (+ 2 degrees), a skeletal Class II (+4 degrees or more), or skeletal class III (0 or negative).
SNA (sella, nasion, A point)- indicates whether or not the maxilla is normal, prognathic, or retrognathic.
SNB (sella, nasion, B point)- indicates whether or not the mandible is normal, prognathic, or retrognathic.
SNA and SNB is important to determine what type of intervention (on maxilla, mandible or both) is appropriate.
These angles, however are influenced also by the vertical height of the face and a possible abnormal positioning of nasion. 
Computerised Cephalometrics.
Computerised cephalometrics is the process of entering cephalometric data in digital format into a computer for cephalometric analysis. Digitization (of radiographs) is the conversion of landmarks on a radiograph or tracing to numerical values on a two- (or three-) dimensional coordinate system, usually for the purpose of computerized cephalometric analysis. The process allows for automatic measurement of landmark relationships. Depending on the software and hardware available, the incorporation of data can be performed by digitizing points on a tracing, by scanning a tracing or a conventional radiograph, or by originally obtaining computerized radiographic images that are already in digital format, instead of conventional radiographs. Computerized cephalometrics offers the advantages of instant analysis; readily available race-, sex- and age-related norms for comparison; as well as ease of soft tissue change and surgical predictions.
Digitization.
Computer processing of cephalometric radiographs uses a digitizer. Digitization refers to the process of expressing analog information in a digital form. A digitizer is a computer input device which converts analog information into an electronic equivalent in the computer’s memory. In this treatise and its application to computerized cephalometrics, digitization refers to the resolving of headfilm landmarks into two numeric or digital entities – the X and Y coordinate. 3D analysis would have third quantity - Z coordinate.

</doc>
<doc id="18717748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717748" title="JediMUD">
JediMUD

JediMUD is a MUD, an online text-based role-playing game, one of the longest-running of its kind. It has been open to the public since August 28, 1992 and is based on the CircleMUD derivative of the DikuMUD code-base.
History.
In its infancy, "JediMUD" was created by the Department of Psychology at Johns Hopkins University in an effort to study human behavior. On occasion, one of the original creators of the game would recruit people for more specific studies. Since then, "JediMUD" has been included in various technical, psychological, philosophical and historical whitepapers.
Although in name "JediMUD" appears to be a MUD based on specific source material, it actually is not. "JediMUD" has a wide variety of areas to explore and classes to play grounded in a number of genres, most notably fantasy and sci-fi but also history and contemporary pop culture. The reasoning behind this is to allow players to focus on the areas which they like most and to allow them to develop their alternative personas as they see fit.
While text-based games like "JediMUD" lack the graphics of today's common MMORPGs, the trade-off is the ability to allow normal people to more easily contribute to the enjoyment of the game, through a team of administrators who take player-submitted ideas and use them to create the code, areas, mobiles and everything else required for the game to run.
Access.
"JediMUD" is played via a telnet client or MUD client. Its interface is text-command driven, in what is often thought of as the Zork style.
Community.
Due to sharing of the same software developer, Jeremy Elson, "JediMUD" has often been tightly tied to the evolution of the popular MUD code-base, CircleMUD.
"JediMUD" enjoys an international audience, including players from the US, UK, Germany, Norway, Austria, Australia, Sweden, Brazil, South Africa, the Philippines, Japan, Costa Rica and many others. Some individuals have been playing "JediMUD" since its inception.
One former contributor to "JediMUD" created a YouTube video to illustrate the tight ties to history that several zones in the game have. Whereas some games focus on their own imaginary world, many "JediMUD" contributors have added zones based on historical figures and occurrences, such as the life of Emperor Honorius Augustus.
Reception.
In September 1995, "JediMUD" was named Mud of the Month by The Mud Connector.

</doc>
<doc id="18717758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717758" title="Premier Holidays (Canaries) Ltd.">
Premier Holidays (Canaries) Ltd.

Premier Holidays (Canaries)Ltd is an independent tour operator, established in 1994, with offices in North Shields, England and Lanzarote, Canary Islands.
Premier Holidays specilises in vacation rental holidays

</doc>
<doc id="18717760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717760" title="Koghb, Armenia">
Koghb, Armenia

Koghb () is a large village and rural community located in the Tavush Province of Armenia, near the town of Noyemberyan. 
Mshkavank also known as Mshakavank, with a restored church of Astvatsatsin, gavit, a 5th-6th-century Tsghakhach church, 6th-century Tvarageghtsi church and cemetery of the 12th-13th centuries are somewhere on the mountain 3–4 km southwest of the town. 1.5 km southeast is the Berdategh cyclopean fort, and also possibly in close proximity is the fort of Gharanots Gol. West of Koghb 10 km are two cyclopean forts, Zikurati and Kozmani, with Bronze Age tomb fields adjacent. 15 km west is the Patashar cyclopean fort. Northwest of Koghb are the ruins of Surb Arakel shrine in the old Arakelots village.

</doc>
<doc id="18717761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717761" title="Modern ruins">
Modern ruins

Modern ruins is a neologism referring to ruins of architecture constructed in the recent past, generally in the most recent century, or since the 19th century.
The term is most frequently used by people performing urban exploration of man-made architecture that is abandoned or no longer accessible to the general public, such as structures abandoned through the process of urban decay. Enough documentation on these sites may have been lost over time that this unscientific exploration resembles archaeology of ancient ruins in the methods used to collect information.
Modern ruins and archeology.
The archaeological study of modern ruins is most commonly associated with contemporary, urban, and industrial archeology. The processes and goals involved in the archaeological study of modern ruins is very similar to that of other branches of archaeology that primarily focus on studying sites of earlier time periods. Particular field methods used include meticulous surveying, excavation, and record keeping, all of which are generally similar to archeology concerning older, buried sites. However, it has been argued that the archaeological approach to modern ruins should be more embodied and visually well rounded, rather than simply communicating information by conventional site descriptions and reports. Photography, for example, is often used as a medium to communicate discoveries made in modern ruins as well as in contemporary archeological sites in general since most of the artifacts are found above ground level. 
Modern ruins are often considered to be representative of accelerated rate of change, not only of their material and structural makeup or past purpose but also in many cases of society as a whole. For example, Pyramiden, a former Soviet mining town located in the High Arctic, has frequently been subject of archeological study. Having over 1,000 inhabitants during its peak, Pyramiden was abandoned in 1998. Today, devoid of all humans, Pyramiden exists as a Soviet-era ghost town with the buildings and their contents remaining largely as they did when the town was inhabited. Elin Andreassen, Hein B. Bjerck, and Bjørnar Olsen, archeologists who have studied Pyramiden, have written, “as a site of remembrance-or rather unforgetting-the memories it holds become inseparable from its materiality and from things’ unique ability to bring forth these memories.” 
Understanding why a particular structure was abandoned or has become no longer accessible to the general public is key to interpreting the archaeological material that is exhibited in modern ruins. Archeologists who study modern ruins focus on understanding several key questions. For example, archeologists try to answer how materials found at the site got where they were ultimately discovered. Was the material that was found originally part of the same assemblage and context, or did later occupants add to what was found?

</doc>
<doc id="18717772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717772" title="Anton Muscatelli">
Anton Muscatelli

Professor Vito Antonio "Anton" Muscatelli FRSA FRSE AcSS (born 1962 in Italy) is the Principal of the University of Glasgow and one of the United Kingdom's leading economists.
Early life.
Anton Muscatelli was born on 1 January 1962 in Italy to Ambrogio and Rosellina Muscatelli. His father, who was head of a shipping company, relocated the family first to Holland and then to Glasgow. Anton was educated at The High School of Glasgow and the University of Glasgow, where he graduated M.A. (Hons) in Political Economy (1984) and took a Ph.D. in Economics (1989). He was a Lecturer and Senior Lecturer at the University of Glasgow from 1984 to 1992, and Daniel Jack Professor of Political Economy from 1992 until 2007. He was Dean of the Faculty of Social Sciences, 2000 to 2004, and Vice-Principal (Strategy, Budgeting and Advancement) from 2004 until 2007.
Career.
Professor Muscatelli has been a consultant to the World Bank and the European Commission, and was a member of the Panel of Economic Advisers of the Secretary of State for Scotland from 1998 to 2000. Since 2007, he has been an adviser to the House of Commons Treasury Select Committee on monetary policy, and in 2008 he was appointed to chair an independent expert group for the Calman Commission on Devolution, set up by the Scottish Parliament and led by the Chancellor of the University of Glasgow, Sir Kenneth Calman. This includes experts from the UK, Europe, and North America. He chaired the Research and Commercialisation Committee of Universities Scotland in 2007-08 and from 2008 to 2010 is Convener of Universities Scotland and Vice-President of Universities UK. He was appointed a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 2001, and of the CESifo Economics Research Institute in Munich in 1999. In April 2012 he was appointed to the Board of the Scottish Funding Council (SFC) which provides funding and oversight of all of Scotland's Colleges and Universities.
Heriot-Watt University.
Professor Muscatelli was appointed Principal of Heriot-Watt University on 10 October 2006, with effect from 1 February 2007. He replaced Professor John Archer, who retired. His tenure as principal saw expansion in the University and rises in league tables. He was described by "The Herald" in 2008 as ""one of the leading lights in Scottish higher education"". Upon the announcement that he would be moving to Glasgow, the Chairman of the Court of Heriot-Watt, Lord Penrose, said: ""Professor Muscatelli has been an excellent principal and vice-chancellor for Heriot-Watt University. During his time here, he has led the university to an ambitious strategy which will be our foundation for the future.""
Professor Muscatelli was succeeded as Principal of Heriot-Watt on 1 September 2009 by Professor Steve Chapman, formerly a Vice-Principal at the University of Edinburgh.
University of Glasgow.
Professor Muscatelli succeeded Sir Muir Russell as Principal and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Glasgow in October 2009. One of his first actions was creation of a post of Senior Vice-Principal, with responsibility for internationalisation, a key aspect of his strategy for the University. He also put forward proposals to the University Court to restructure the University's nine faculties into four Colleges: College of Arts, College of Medical, Veterinary and Life Sciences, College of Science and Engineering and College of Social Sciences Such structures already existed at other large universities in the UK, including Aberdeen, Birmingham, Dundee and Edinburgh. The plans for restructuring were approved and brought into effect in August 2010. At the same time, the University's new Strategy was unveiled entitled 'Glasgow 2020: A Global Vision'. In the last two years under Professor Muscatelli's leadership the University of Glasgow has risen rapidly in world University rankings, and is now in the top 60 Universities in the world according to the QS University rankings
Glasgow University has also become increasingly popular with international students as a result of the greater focus on international links, with demand for Glasgow University places more than doubling since 2009
Since 2010, the University has also increased its international reach, launching several new transnational education programmes in Singapore, with Singapore Institute of Technology, and in China, with a joint School of Engineering being launched with UESTC in Chengdu in 2013.
Personal life.
Professor Muscatelli married Elaine Flood in 1986, with whom he has a son and a daughter. They separated in 2007. His interests include music (opera), literature, football, strategic games and cookery.

</doc>
<doc id="18717776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717776" title="Joseph Denis">
Joseph Denis

Joseph Denis (baptismal name Jacques) (born 6 November 1657, at Trois-Rivières, Canada; died 25 January 1736) was a Canadian Récollet priest.
Life.
He was the first Canadian to join the Recollects of the Friars Minor. His father, Pierre Denis de la Ronde and his mother Catherine Leneuf de la Poterie, were natives of Normandy. In 1669 he entered the seminary at Quebec and on 9 May 1677, joined the Recollects in the same city, taking in religion the name of Joseph.
When professed he went to France to study theology. After being ordained he returned to Canada in 1682, where in 1685, he completed the installation of the Recollects at Ile Percée. He founded the house of the order at in 1689 and that at Montreal in 1692.
After holding the office of provincial commissary, superior of the convent of Quebec, and master of novices, in 1709 he was namedsuperior of the Recollects and parish priest of Three Rivers, where he rebuilt the old church in stone.
In 1719 he carried to France, to be forwarded to Rome, the "Acts of Brother Didace" ("Les actes du tres-religieux Frere Didace"), a Canadian Recollect whose confessor he was for many years. He died shortly after his return to New France.

</doc>
<doc id="18717778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717778" title="Chartway Federal Credit Union">
Chartway Federal Credit Union

Chartway Federal Credit Union is a credit union headquartered in Virginia Beach and is chartered and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA). Chartered in 1959, Chartway has assets of over $1.9 billion USD. Chartway has more than 212,000 members and is ranked in the top 100 credit unions in the country.
History.
On September 4, 1959, seven civilian workers at the Norfolk Naval Air Station each invested $5.00 and incorporated NorVA N.A.S. Federal Credit Union. In October 1959, the organization that would later become Chartway Federal Credit Union was chartered. Its field of membership included civilian and military personnel, along with their family members. The charter also extended to employees of the credit union and their families. The main purpose of this new credit union was to provide low-cost loans and to provide a convenient place for its members to save in a more organized manner.
In January 1965, NorVA N.A.S. reached its first milestone of $1 million in assets and over 3,000 members. In 1969, the credit union had an opportunity to further expand with the passage of government legislation that allowed credit unions to change its charters. Members would now be eligible for lifetime membership even if they left the qualifying field of membership. Because of this, the credit union was able to retain its members and open its membership to retired Navy department civilians.
In April 1972, the credit union changed its name to the Naval Air Norfolk Federal Credit Union. It also merged with Radron Credit Union to expand its field of membership to include the Cape Charles Air Force Station and anyone in the military who used either base.
In 1977, the credit union moved into what is now its headquarters at 160 Newtown Road in Virginia Beach, Virginia. In March 1983, the credit union changed its name again to Naval Air Federal Credit Union. In 1996, under the direction of President and CEO Ronald L. Burniske, the credit union became Chartway Federal Credit Union. Because there were branches in many different states, a much broader field of membership, and fewer ties to the military, the old name no longer seemed appropriate. According to Burniske, “Chartway” was chosen because “it reflected the members who brought us where we are today…and it reflected a dynamic new course for all of us.”
In 2000, Chartway introduced its eBranch Internet Banking, which allowed members to manage their accounts online, pay their bills online, and receive electronic statements. By 2005, Chartway reached $1 billion in assets. During the mid-2000s Chartway partnered with local supermarket Farm Fresh Food & Pharmacy to provide financial services to grocery shoppers. As of 2010 Chartway has eighteen full service branches located in Farm Fresh supermarkets.
HeritageWest Credit Union and SouthWest Community Credit Union joined the Chartway family in 2010. Utah Central Credit Union became part of the organization in 2011.
Altogether, the organization has assets of more than $1.9 billion, and serves more than 212,000 members.
Membership.
Chartway services members in Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Rhode Island, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. Membership with Chartway Federal Credit Union is limited to people who share a common bond. An individual is eligible to join Chartway under the following guidelines: he/she lives, works, worships, or goes to school in a defined geographic area served by one Chartway’s branches; he/she is an immediate family member of a Chartway member; he/she is an employee or an immediate family member of an employee who works for one of the 750 Select Employer Groups who offer Chartway’s credit union benefits to employees.
Services.
Chartway Federal Credit Union offers savings accounts, checking accounts, IRA's, credit cards, loans (including home equity, auto, personal, and mortgage) certificates of deposits, investments, insurance, eServices, and financial counseling.
We Promise Foundation.
As the charitable arm of Chartway Federal Credit Union, the We Promise Foundation is dedicated to making dreams come true for children struggling with degenerative, life-threatening, debilitating or chronic illnesses, or those facing tremendous hardship.
The foundation is a non-profit 501(c)(3) public charity that provides support to help children with a single goal: to put smiles on the faces of children by making their dreams come true.
The foundation was launched in 2005 based on the enduring success of Chartway’s charitable events. Since 1999, the credit union's charitable arm has raised nearly $4,000,000 to lighten the burden of more than 600 children through their partnerships with numerous chapters of The Make-A-Wish Foundation, St. Mary’s Home for Disabled Children, Families of Autistic Children in Tidewater, The Front Row Foundation, Toby’s Dream Foundation, Rock-n-Jock Charities and other charitable children’s groups who share their passion and mission to make a difference.
References.
Berry, Carolyn. The Story of Chartway Federal Credit Union: From Cigar Boxes to Data Chips. Chesapeake, VA: Professional Printing Center, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18717797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717797" title="Dupnitsa dialect">
Dupnitsa dialect

The Dupnitsa dialect is a Bulgarian dialect, member of the Southwestern Bulgarian dialects, which is spoken in the region of Dupnitsa in central western Bulgaria. It is transitional between the Samokov dialect to the east and the Blagoevgrad-Petrich dialect to the south. 
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
For other phonological and morphological characteristics typical for all Southwestern dialects, cf. Southwestern Bulgarian dialects.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_zap_2.htm#dupnishki]

</doc>
<doc id="18717798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717798" title="Fulbright economics teaching program">
Fulbright economics teaching program

The Fulbright Economics Teaching Program is a partnership of the University of Economics, Ho Chi Minh City and the Harvard Kennedy School. The school is based in Vietnam and its website is both in Vietnamese and English. It has an Open Source Education portal available to everyone in the world similar to MIT OpenCourseWare and actually very influenced by it as mentioned in the website.
The FETP OpenCourseWare is available free of charge for anyone who would like to educate him/herself in economics. Their motto is the following: "Inspired by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s OpenCourseWare Initiative (OCW), the Fulbright School has begun to publish its teaching and research materials online. FETP OpenCourseWare is not a long-distance learning project, rather it is a resource for people working or studying in policy-related fields to increase their knowledge and explore new approaches to learning and curriculum development."

</doc>
<doc id="18717814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717814" title="2007 Bulgarian Supercup">
2007 Bulgarian Supercup

The 2007 Bulgarian Supercup was the 5th Bulgarian Supercup match, a football match which was contested between the "A" professional football group champion, Levski Sofia, and the runner-up of Bulgarian Cup, Litex Lovech. The match was held on 26 July 2007 at the Vasil Levski National Stadium in Sofia, Bulgaria. Levski beat Litex 2–1 after extra time to win their second Bulgarian Supercup.

</doc>
<doc id="18717820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717820" title="Jack Powell (footballer)">
Jack Powell (footballer)

John "Jack" Powell (25 March 1860 – 16 March 1947) was a Welsh association footballer who played as a full-back for Newton Heath in the late 1880s.
Born in Ffrwd, near Wrexham, Powell began his football career with Druids in 1879 before transferring to Bolton Wanderers in October 1883. He was forced to leave Bolton in 1885 due to a transgression of FA Cup rules regarding professionals, but not before turning out six times in the competition for the club. He then signed for Newton Heath (now Manchester United) in 1886, eventually becoming club captain. By the time he left the club in 1890, he had made four FA Cup appearances. 
Over the span of his career, Powell made 15 appearances for Wales, five of them while with Newton Heath. 

</doc>
<doc id="18717829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717829" title="Gianfranco Baldanello">
Gianfranco Baldanello

Gianfranco Baldanello (November 13, 1928 - ) is an Italian film director, screenwriter and second unit director. He sometimes used the alias Frank G. Carroll.
Baldanello is the son of actors Emilio Baldanello and Vanda Vianello (also known as Vanda Baldanello). In 1965 Baldanello directed his first film, "30 Winchester per El Diablo" (also known as "Gold Train"), a western for which he also wrote the screenplay. He followed this in 1966 with a second Western, "Kill Johnny Ringo".
In 1967 he directed three movies, the comedy "I Do Not Ever Say Goodbye", the spy film "Danger!! Death Ray", and another Western, "I Hate Long Days".

</doc>
<doc id="18717835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717835" title="Jones v. United States (1983)">
Jones v. United States (1983)

Jones v. United States, is a United States Supreme Court case in which the court, for the first time, addressed whether the United States Constitution allows a defendant, who has been found not guilty by reason of insanity (NGRI) of a misdemeanor crime, to be involuntarily confined to a mental institution until such time as he is no longer a danger to himself or others with few other criteria or procedures limiting the actions of the state.
Background.
Historically, those persons acquitted of a crime by reason of insanity (insanity acquittees) were subjected to commitment procedures to institutions for the "criminally insane" with little attention or oversight provided as to what these procedures were. In the early 1970s, the procedures began to be examined legally on constitutional as well as therapeutic grounds. 
At that time, U.S. state jurisdictions had varying criteria and procedures governing this situation. In some states, insanity acquittees were governed by the same rules and procedures as an individual facing civil commitment. Another group of states, although treating insanity acquittees in a generally similar fashion as the civilly committed, had more stringent criteria governing insanity acquittees; for example, in emergency commitment proceedings in which a civilly committed person may be committed for a maximum of one week, an insanity acquittee may be committed on an emergency basis for 90 days—and then the discharge would take place only after judicial approval. A third group subjected an insanity acquittee to automatic, indefinite commitment, usually with periodic reviews to determine if commitment continued to be necessary.
Facts of the case.
On September 19, 1975, Michael Jones was charged with petit larceny, a misdemeanor, for attempting to steal a jacket from a Washington D.C. department store. Upon arraignment in the District of Columbia Superior Court, the judge ordered a competency evaluation at St. Elizabeth's Hospital. The competency report to the court was that Jones suffered from paranoid schizophrenia, but that he was competent to proceed to trial. Eventually, Jones plead not guilty by reason of insanity to the misdemeanor offense which carried a one year maximum sentence; the prosecution did not contest the plea and Jones was automatically committed to St. Elizabeth's Hospital for a minimum of 50 days.
Upon his first release hearing in May 1976, his request for release was denied. In his second release hearing held in February 1977, his request for either release or civil commitment was also denied, despite the contention of Jones' counsel that his cumulative hospitalization exceeded the maximum penalty of a one year incarceration for the crime. For the government's case, a psychologist from St. Elizabeth's Hospital testified that, in the opinion of the hospital's staff, Jones continued to actively suffer from paranoid schizophrenia and therefore remained a danger to himself and others.
Appeals.
The case was appealed to the District of Columbia Court of Appeals who affirmed the lower court's decision, although three judges dissented. The case was appealed to the Supreme Court.
Decision.
The Supreme Court examined two issues. The first was whether there was a constitutional basis for the practice in most states, and the District of Columbia, of automatically committing insanity acquitees. The court found that there was. Justice Powell, writing for the court, said that Jones' verdict established that he committed the crime and that he did so because he was mentally ill by a preponderance of evidence. "Congress has determined that a criminal defendant found not guilty by reason of insanity in the District of Columbia should be committed indefinitely to a mental institution for treatment and the protection of society."
The second issue was the proportionality of the commitment compared to Jones' hypothetical maximum sentence had he been imprisoned; that is, does the maximum sentence provide a constitutional limit for Jones' commitment? Although three judges at the District Court level had agreed that the constitution does provide such a limit, the Supreme Court rejected this line of thinking. Writing for the majority, Powell argued that different considerations go into the choosing of a sentence than those underlying a commitment of an insanity acquittee. He argued against the idea that indefinite commitment amounted to punishment. 
Indefinite commitment of an insanity acquittee, based on proof of insanity by only a preponderance of the evidence, comports with due process. "Addington v. Texas", 441 U. S. 418, held that the government, in a civil commitment proceeding, must demonstrate by clear and convincing evidence that the individual is mentally ill and dangerous. However, the concerns critical to that decision—based on the risk of error that a person might be committed for mere "idiosyncratic behavior"—are diminished or absent in the case of insanity acquitees, and do not require the same standard of proof in both cases. Proof that the acquittee committed a criminal act as a result of mental illness eliminates the risk that he is being committed for mere idiosyncratic behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="18717837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717837" title="Volodymyr Korobka">
Volodymyr Korobka

Volodymyr Hennadiyovych Korobka (born 7 July 1989 in Dnipropetrovsk) is a Ukrainian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Tavriya Simferopol in the Ukrainian Premier League. 
He joined Tavriya in July 2008 during the summer transfer season. Korobka is the product of Dnipro youth school.

</doc>
<doc id="18717865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717865" title="OpenSUSE Project">
OpenSUSE Project

The openSUSE Project is a community project to create, promote, improve and document the openSUSE Linux distribution and make it the "world's best Linux distribution".
Project.
The openSUSE Project is an Free/Libre Software community developing a Linux distribution named openSUSE. The project is sponsored by a number of companies and individuals, most notably SUSE, AMD, B1 Systems, Heinlein Support and IP Exchange.
The project currently introduces themselves as follows:
We are the openSUSE Community - friendly, welcoming, vibrant, and active. The openSUSE Project provides an open and innovative atmosphere to collaboratively work on a variety of distribution-related and packaging technologies and products.
Our development philosophy focuses on stability and flexibility, innovative community infrastructure, and seeking collaboration with the wider Free and Open Source community.
Main goals.
The current mission statement is:
The openSUSE project is a worldwide effort that promotes the use of Linux everywhere. The openSUSE community develops and maintains a packaging and distribution infrastructure which provides the foundation for the world's most flexible and powerful Linux distribution. Our community works together in an open, transparent and friendly manner as part of the global Free and Open Source Software community.
Activities.
The openSUSE Project develops the openSUSE Linux distribution as well as a large number of tools around building Linux distributions like the Open Build Service, the KIWI Disk imaging system, openQA and more.
Regular news updates on what is going on can be found on the openSUSE News site
Governance.
The openSUSE community organizes development in a decentralized way, with individual developers collaborating in 'devel projects', which feed directly into the development tree for the next release called 'Factory'. This process is overseen by the release team. In case of conflicts, escalation happens first to the openSUSE board, then to the openSUSE membership (anyone who engages in 'continued and substantial contribution' to openSUSE).
The openSUSE board consists of five community members (with a maximum of two people from any one company) and a SUSE-appointed chairperson who can veto any decision. The goal of the board is to act as a central point of contact, help resolve conflicts and facilitate communication and decision making processes. The Board also manages the sub-licensing of the openSUSE brand to third parties. The Board explicitly should not direct or control development as that is delegated to the appropriate community mechanisms as detailed before.

</doc>
<doc id="18717871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717871" title="Norbert M. Samuelson">
Norbert M. Samuelson

Norbert Max Samuelson (born 1936) is a scholar of Jewish philosophy. He holds the Grossman Chair of Jewish Studies at Arizona State University. He has written 13 books and over 200 articles, with research interests in Jewish philosophy, philosophy and religion, philosophy and science, 20th-century philosophy (with an emphasis on Alfred North Whitehead and Franz Rosenzweig), history of Western philosophy, and Jewish Aristotelians (with an emphasis on Gersonides). He also lectures at university-level conferences around the world.
Academic biography.
Education.
Samuelson earned his bachelor's degree at Northwestern University in 1957. He then attended the Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion, where he earned his Bachelor of Hebrew Letters in 1959 and his Master of Hebrew Letters in 1962. He received his doctorate at Indiana University in 1970, writing his dissertation on "The Problem of God's Knowledge in Gersonides – A Translation of and Commentary to Book III of the "Milhamot Adonai" (The Wars of the Lord)". His dissertation advisers were Shlomo Pines of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and Milton Fisk of Indiana University.
Academic positions.
He was Hillel director at Indiana University from 1962-1967 and at Princeton University from 1968-1973.
From 1963–1967 he was a teaching assistant in the philosophy department at Indiana University. He was a visiting lecturer in the philosophy department at Brooklyn College from 1969–1970 and a visiting associate professor in the Hebraic Studies department at Rutgers University from 1969–1973.
From 1973-1975, Samuelson was on the faculty of the University of Virginia. Beginning in 1975, he was an associate professor in the Religion Department at Temple University; in 1987 he became a full professor, and continued in this position until 1998. At that point he moved to Arizona State University, where he became the Harold and Jean Grossman Professor of Jewish Studies in the Religious Studies Department. He is currently a resident of Tempe, Arizona.
Samuelson has also lectured at Vanderbilt University Divinity School and Lancaster University in England, and has served as an assistant professor at the University of Virginia Department of Religious Studies (1973–1975), a visiting associate professor at the University of Pennsylvania Religious Studies Department (1984), and a guest professor at the University of Hamburg, Fachbereich evangelische Theologie (1993 and Summer 1995).
Fellowships and memberships.
His fellowships include a Fulbright-Hayes Research Fellowship at Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1967–1968; a fellowship at the Oxford Centre for Postgraduate Hebrew Studies at Oxford University in 1987; a fellowship at the Chicago Center for Religion and Science in 1992; and a Fulbright Senior Professor Travel Fellowship at the University of Hamburg, Germany, in 1993.
Samuelson is a founding member of the International Society for Science and Religion. He is a past member of the board of directors of the Metanexus Institute and a current member of that organization's academic board. He is also a member of the presidium of the International Franz Rosenzweig Gesellschaft, a member of the International Hermann Cohen Gesellschaft, and a member of the Editorial Board of "The Journal of Jewish Thought and Philosophy".
He has been a fellow of the Academy of Jewish Philosophy since 1979, serving as Chairman from 1979–1988 and Secretary-Treasurer from 1988 to the present. He is a Life Member of Clare Hall, University of Cambridge, U.K.
Community service.
Since 2001, Samuelson has taught a weekly course on Maimonides' "Mishneh Torah" to rabbis in the East Valley of the Phoenix metropolitan area. From 2001–2004 he also delivered a weekly adult education class on the history of Jewish philosophy for the Reform and Conservative synagogues in the East Valley.
Personal.
Samuelson married Hava Tirosh-Rothschild in 1997, whereupon she changed her name to Hava Tirosh-Samuelson. Tirosh-Samuelson (born 1950, Kibbutz Afikim, Israel), is Director of Jewish Studies, Professor of History, and Professor of Modern Judaism at Arizona State University. The Samuelsons co-founded the Judaism, Science and Medicine Group in ASU's Jewish Studies Department in 2008 and occasionally appear on the same conference programs. In 2006 the couple summarized their joint positions on transhumanism in an article in "Milestones", published by the John Templeton Foundation. They have since divorced. Samuelson is remarried to Amy Hill Shevitz.

</doc>
<doc id="18717883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717883" title="Jodie Foster">
Jodie Foster

Alicia Christian Foster (born November 19, 1962), known professionally as Jodie Foster, is an American actress, film director, and producer. Foster began acting in commercials at the age of three, and her first significant role came in 1976 as a child prostitute in "Taxi Driver", for which she received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She won an Academy Award for Best Actress in 1989, for playing a rape victim in "The Accused". In 1991, she starred in "The Silence of the Lambs" as Clarice Starling, a gifted FBI trainee, assisting in a hunt for a serial killer. This performance received international acclaim and her second Academy Award for Best Actress. She received her third Best Actress Academy Award nomination for playing a backwoods hermit in "Nell" (1994). Her other best-known work includes "Contact" (1997), "Panic Room" (2002), "Flightplan" (2005), "Inside Man" (2006) and "The Brave One" (2007). Foster made her directorial debut in 1991 with "Little Man Tate"; she also directed the films "Home for the Holidays" (1995) and "The Beaver" (2011). In addition to her two Academy Awards, she has won three BAFTA Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, the Cecil B DeMille Award, and a Screen Actors Guild Award.
Early life.
Foster was born in Los Angeles, California, youngest of four children born to Evelyn Ella "Brandy" (née Almond) and Lucius Fisher Foster III. Her father, a decorated U.S. Air Force lieutenant colonel turned real estate broker, came from a wealthy background and left his wife before Foster was born. Foster has two older sisters, Lucinda "Cindy" Foster (b. 1954) and Constance "Connie" Foster (b. 1955), and an older brother, Lucius Fisher "Buddy" Foster (b. 1957), who was also a child actor. Evelyn supported her children by working as a film producer.
Foster attended a French-language prep school, the "Lycée français de Los Angeles", and graduated in 1980. She frequently stayed and worked in France as a teenager, and speaks French fluently. She then attended Yale University, earning a bachelor's degree in literature in 1985. She was scheduled to graduate in 1984, but the shooting of then-President Ronald Reagan by John Hinckley, Jr., in which Hinckley's fascination with Foster created unwanted adverse publicity for her, caused her to take a semester's leave of absence from Yale. She also received an honorary Doctor of Fine Arts degree from the university in 1997.
Due to her French fluency, Foster has dubbed herself in French-language versions of most of her films. In 2004, she took a minor role in the French WWI film, "A Very Long Engagement". She also understands German and Spanish and can converse in Italian.
Career.
Child star.
Foster made nearly 50 film and television appearances before she attended college. She began her career at age three as a Coppertone girl in a television commercial and debuted as a television actress in a 1968 episode of "Mayberry R.F.D." She was managed by her mother. In 1969, she appeared in a Christmas episode of "Gunsmoke", where she was credited as "Jody Foster". She is also credited as "Jodi Foster" for her 1970 "Daniel Boone" role and credited as "Jodie Foster" for her 1970 "Adam-12" role. Although not a regular on "The Courtship of Eddie's Father", she appeared from time to time as Eddie's friend Joey Kelly. She made her film debut in the 1970 TV movie "Menace on the Mountain," worked with Martin Scorsese, Ellen Burstyn and Diane Ladd in "Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore" in 1974, and was featured as Tallulah in "Bugsy Malone" in 1976. As a child, Foster made a number of Disney movies, including "One Little Indian" (1973), and "Napoleon and Samantha" (1972), in which she was grabbed by a circus lion. Foster continued to star in Disney films into her early teens. On television, she appeared in an episode of "The Partridge Family" titled "The Eleven-Year Itch", co-starred with Christopher Connelly in the 1974 TV series "Paper Moon" and alongside Martin Sheen in the 1976 cult film "The Little Girl Who Lives Down the Lane". As a teenager, Foster made several appearances on the French pop music circuit as a singer. Commenting on her years as a child actress, which she describes as an "actor's career", Foster has said that "it was very clear to me at a young age that I had to fight for my life and that if I didn't, my life would get gobbled up and taken away from me." She hosted "Saturday Night Live" at age 14, making her the youngest person to host at that time until Drew Barrymore hosted at the age of seven. She also said,
Foster made her debut (and only official) musical recordings in France in 1977: two seven-inch singles, "Je T'attends Depuis la Nuit des Temps" b/w "La Vie C'est Chouette" and "When I Looked at Your Face" backed with "La Vie C'est Chouette". The A-side of the former is sung in French, the A-side of the latter in English. The B-side of both is mostly spoken word and is performed in both French and English. These three recordings were included on the soundtrack to Foster's 1977 French film "Moi, fleur bleue".
Foster starred in three films in 1976: "Taxi Driver", "Bugsy Malone", and "Freaky Friday". She was nominated for the Academy Award For Best Supporting Actress for her performance in "Taxi Driver". She won two British Academy Film Awards in 1977: the BAFTA Award for Best Newcomer and the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for her performances in "Bugsy Malone" opposite Scott Baio and "Taxi Driver" opposite Robert De Niro. She received a nomination for Golden Globe Award for Best Actress for her performance in "Freaky Friday". As a teenager, she also starred in the Disney adventure "Candleshoe" (1977) and the coming-of-age drama "Foxes" (1980).
Adult career.
Foster made the transition to more mature roles as an adult, but it was not without initial difficulty, as several of the films in her early adult career in the 1980s, such as "The Hotel New Hampshire", "Five Corners", and "Stealing Home", were financially unsuccessful. Due to this, she had to audition for the main role of gang rape victim Sarah Tobias in "The Accused", which was to become her breakthrough role as an adult actress. Based on a true story, the film depicts Tobias' struggle to receive justice for herself. It received mainly positive reviews and earned Foster a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award as well as a nomination for a BAFTA Award.
In 1991, she starred as FBI trainee Clarice Starling in the thriller "The Silence of the Lambs" opposite Anthony Hopkins. The film became an unexpected box office hit, grossing nearly $273 million in theaters and became Foster's first blockbuster. She also received her second Academy Award and Golden Globe Award, as well as her first BAFTA Award for Best Actress for her performance. The same year saw the release of Foster's debut feature film as a director, "Little Man Tate". It was a critically acclaimed drama about a child prodigy, in which she also co-starred as the child's mother. The following year, Foster founded a production company called Egg Pictures in Los Angeles, which produced primarily independent films for distribution by other companies. She said that she did not have the ambition to produce "big mainstream popcorn" movies and, as a child, independent films had made her more interested in the movie business than mainstream ones. The company was closed down in 2001.
Foster's next roles included playing a prostitute in Woody Allen's comedy "Shadows and Fog" and Laurel Sommersby in the American Civil War drama "Sommersby". She starred in two films in 1994, first in the commercially successful western spoof "Maverick" and later in "Nell", in which she played an isolated woman, raised speaking an invented language, who finds it difficult to be confronted with civilization for the first time. Her performance in "Nell" earned her nominations for her fourth Academy Award, a Golden Globe, and an MTV Movie Award, and won her a Screen Actors Guild Award and a People's Choice Award, among others.
The following year Foster released her second film as a director, "Home for the Holidays" (1995), a black comedy starring Holly Hunter and Robert Downey Jr.. In 1996, Women in Film awarded her the Crystal Award for outstanding women who, through their endurance and the excellence of their work, have helped to expand the role of women within the entertainment industry. In the same year, Foster was awarded with the Berlinale Camera award at the 46th Berlin International Film Festival.
Foster made her debut in a science fiction film in 1997, when she starred opposite Matthew McConaughey in "Contact", based on the novel by scientist Carl Sagan. She portrayed a scientist searching for extraterrestrial life in the SETI project. She commented on the script that "I have to have some acute personal connection with the material. And that's pretty hard for me to find." "Contact" was her first experience with a bluescreen. She commented, "Blue walls, blue roof. It was just blue, blue, blue. And I was rotated on a lazy Susan with the camera moving on a computerized arm. It was really tough." The film was another commercial success and earned Foster nominations for numerous awards, including a Golden Globe. In 1998, an asteroid, 17744 Jodiefoster, was named in her honor. Her next starring role was in "Anna and the King", a remake of the "1946 film" based on Margaret Landon's 1944 novel, which became an international commercial success.In 2002, Foster took over the lead role in the thriller "Panic Room" after Nicole Kidman dropped out due to a previous injury. The film costarred Forest Whitaker, Jared Leto, Dwight Yoakam and Kristen Stewart and was directed by David Fincher. It grossed over $30 million in its opening weekend in the United States, Foster's biggest box office opening success of her career so far. Her next screen appearance was in a supporting role in the French film "Un long dimanche de fiançailles (A Very Long Engagement)" (2004), following which she returned to English-language films with the thriller "Flightplan" (2005), which opened once again in the top position at the U.S. box office and was a worldwide hit. She portrayed a woman whose daughter disappears on an airplane that her character, an engineer, helped to design.
In 2006, Foster co-starred in "Inside Man", a thriller directed by Spike Lee and starring Denzel Washington and Clive Owen, which again opened at the top of the U.S. box office and became another international hit. In 2007, she starred in "The Brave One" directed by Neil Jordan and co-starring Terrence Howard, another urban thriller that opened at 1 at the U.S. box office. Her performance in the film earned her a sixth Golden Globe for Best Actress nomination and another People's Choice nomination, for Favorite Female Action Star. Commenting on her latest roles, she has said she enjoys appearing in mainstream genre films that have a "real heart to them."
In 2008, Foster starred in "Nim's Island" alongside Gerard Butler and Abigail Breslin, portraying a reclusive writer who is contacted by a young girl after her father goes missing at sea. The film was the first comedy that Foster starred in since "Maverick" in 1994, and was also a commercial success. The following year, Foster provided a voice for Maggie in a tetralogy episode of "The Simpsons" titled "Four Great Women and a Manicure."
Foster returned to directing in 2011 with the black comedy "The Beaver," starring herself and her friend and "Maverick" co-star Mel Gibson. Based on a script by Kyle Killen, it tells the story of a depressed CEO of a toy company, who develops an alternative personality based on a beaver hand puppet. It premiered in March 2011 at the South by Southwest film festival and received mixed reviews. It was a box office flop, making only approximately $1 million during its first month after its general release in May 2011. The same year, Foster also appeared in Roman Polanski's "Carnage" alongside John C. Reilly, Kate Winslet and Christoph Waltz. The film centres around four parents, whose initially peaceful meeting to discuss an incident between their sons gradually descends to a conflict. It premiered at the 68th Venice International Film Festival in September 2011, and garnered mainly positive reviews. Foster received a Golden Globe nomination for her performance.
Foster was honoured with the Cecil B. DeMille Award, awarded annually to actors and filmmakers "who have had a definite impact on the world of entertainment", at the 70th Golden Globe Awards in January 2013.
Foster appeared in the science fiction film "Elysium", which was released in August 2013. Also during this year, Foster directed an episode of the Netflix original television series "Orange Is the New Black". Two new directorial projects, independent film "Money Monster" and television series "Angie's Body", have also been announced.
Target of fan obsession.
John Hinckley, Jr., became obsessed with Foster after watching "Taxi Driver" a number of times, and stalked her while she attended Yale, sending her love letters to her campus mail box and even talking to her on the phone. On March 30, 1981, he attempted to assassinate U.S. President Ronald Reagan (shooting and wounding Reagan and three others) and claimed his motive was to impress Foster, then a Yale freshman. The media stormed the Yale campus in April "like a cavalry invasion," and followed Foster relentlessly.
The incident caused Foster intense discomfort and reporters have been warned in advance not to bring up the subject in front of her; she has been known to walk out of interviews at the mention of Hinckley's name. In 1991, Foster canceled an interview with NBC's "Today Show" when she discovered Hinckley would be mentioned in the introduction. Foster's only public reactions to the incident up to that time were a press conference afterwards and an article titled "Why Me?" that she wrote for "Esquire" in December 1982. In that article she wrote that returning to work on the film "Svengali" with Peter O'Toole "made me fall in love with acting again" after the assassination attempt had shaken her confidence. In 1999, she discussed the experience with Charlie Rose of "60 Minutes II".
Another man, Edward Richardson, followed Foster around Yale and planned to shoot her, but decided against it because she "was too pretty."
Personal life.
Foster has two sons: Charles "Charlie" Foster (born July 20, 1998) and Christopher "Kit" Foster (born September 29, 2001).
Foster broke up with her long-time partner, Cydney Bernard, in 2008. They had been together since 1993. In her acceptance speech upon receiving the Cecil B. DeMille Award at the 2013 Golden Globe Awards, she commented about her sexual orientation: "I already did my coming out about 1,000 years ago back in the stone age, those very quaint days when a fragile young girl would open up to trusted friends and family and co-workers, and then gradually and proudly to everyone who knew her, to everyone she actually met." She thanked Bernard, calling her "my heroic co-parent, my ex-partner in love but righteous soul sister in life". Foster also thanked Mel Gibson as one of the people who "saved" her.
Foster is an atheist. Foster has stated she has "great respect for all religions" and spends "a lot of time studying divine texts, whether it's Eastern religion or Western religion." She and her children celebrate both Christmas and Hanukkah.

</doc>
<doc id="18717896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717896" title="Radoslav Brđanin">
Radoslav Brđanin

Radoslav Brdjanin (born 9 February 1948) is a Serbian war criminal who is sentenced by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) for his crimes during the Bosnia war.
Early life.
He was born on 9 February 1948 in Celinac, Bosnia Herzegovina, then Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. Civil engineer by profession, he worked in the building trade until 1990. At that time, given the difficulty to maintain the unity of Yugoslavia, certain regions in Bosnia Herzegovina began to organise themselves into regional structures based on the concept of Municipality Assemblies such as existed under the 1974 Yugoslavian Constitution. The Municipal Assembly of Bosanska Krajina, based in Banja Luka, was created in April and May 1991. This Assembly, which Radoslav Brdjanin was its first vice-president, adopted a Serbian political programme.
War crimes.
On 9 January 1992, the Serbian Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina was proclaimed and re-baptised as the Republika Srpska on 12 August 1992. The leaders of the SDS felt that the large Muslim and Croatian population, living in the zones they had claimed as part of the Serbian Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina, presented a major obstacle to the establishment of their State. The establishment of this State and the protection of its boundaries therefore implied, in time, the complete evacuation, or “ethnic cleansing”, of practically the whole Bosnian Muslim and Bosnian Croat population.
A strategic plan was adopted and set going under the impetus of Radovan Karadzic. Crises groups were formed to act as organs of coordination and execution of the main elements of the operational phase of the plan and to take over the administration of the regions and the municipalities. The Autonomous Region of Krajina (ARK) Crisis Staff was set up on 5 May 1992 with Radoslav Brdjanin as its President.
In this capacity, Radoslav Brdjanin played a role of the first order in the campaign to create an ethnically pure Serb State. His position enabled him to facilitate the ethnic cleansing by putting all of the instruments of State power (media, central administration, housing authority, health service, police, legal system, means of production and employment) in the hands of the governing bodies and those persons committed to an ethnically pure Serb State. It was he who signed the decisions and orders of the Crisis Staff of the ARK, which in turn instructed and compelled the municipal Crisis Staffs into taking action. Certain members of these cells participated directly in carrying out the alleged crimes: persecutions, deportations, murders, torture, destruction.
Radoslav Brdjanin knew or had reason to know that such crimes were being committed, and failed to take the necessary and reasonable measures to prevent such acts or punish the perpetrators thereof.
He was arrested by the SFOR on 6 July 1999 and transferred on the same day to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY).
Judgment and conviction.
Radoslav Brdjanin made an initial appearance before the ICTY on 12 July 1999. During the entire trial he pleaded not guilty to the twelve counts of indictment brought against him including those of genocide and extermination.
The Trial Chamber of the ICTY was satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that during the period covered in the Indictment and already before then, Brdjanin was a leading political figure in the ARK and held key positions. He played a significant political role on all three levels of the Bosnian Serb leadership: municipal, regional and republic.
The Trial Chamber was also satisfied that Brdjanin shared with the Bosnian Serb leadership support for the Strategic Plan, intended to link Serb-populated areas in BiH together, to gain control over these areas and to create a separate Bosnian Serb state, from which most non-Serbs would be permanently removed. The ICTY highlighted that Brdjanin knew that the Strategic Plan could only be implemented by the use of force and fear.
On 1 September 2004, Brdjanin was sentenced by the Trial Chamber of the ICTY to 32 years imprisonment.
The Tribunal found him guilty of the following counts on the grounds of his individual criminal responsibility (Art. 7 § 1 Statute) :
On 22 September 2004, Radoslav Brdjanin filed an appeal against this judgement.
On 3 April 2007, The Appeals Chamber reversed the finding of the Trial Chamber that Brdjanin's conduct had a substantial effect on the commission of torture in detention camps on grounds of lack of evidence.
In addition, the Appeals Chamber reversed Brdjanin's conviction for wanton destruction of cities, towns or villages, or devastation not justified by military necessity to the extent that this conviction relates to the municipality of Bosanska Krupa.
In the light of the reduction of convictions, the Appeals Chamber reduced Brdjanin's sentence to 30 years imprisonment.
Brdjanin was transferred to Denmark on 4 March 2008 to serve his sentence.

</doc>
<doc id="18717898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717898" title="Alvescot railway station">
Alvescot railway station

Alvescot railway station was a railway station between the Oxfordshire villages of Alvescot and Black Bourton, in England. It was Oxford, Witney and Fairford Railway between and .
History.
The station was opened by the East Gloucestershire Railway on 15 January 1873 as part of its extension of the Witney Railway from to . Situated on the Alvescot-Clanfield road, the station served the village of Alvescot, situated less than ½-mile to the north, and also the neighbouring village of Black Bourton.
A small single-platform station was provided without a passing loop or signal box. Ground frames controlled the access to the two goods sidings which trailed off the single track line at the western end of the platform to serve coal staithes, cattle pens and a goods shed. A single refuge siding on the Down side lay just beyond the western end of the station. Next to the station building was a Great Western Railway-type Pagoda shed and to the rear of the building, adjacent to the station forecourt, was a goods lock-up and a brick weigh house. Unlike the Cotswold stone stations at , Bampton, Fairford and Witney, the station building at Alvescot was constructed of red brick.
In 1923, the station issued 9,046 tickets and handled 424 parcels and 9,616 tons of goods. In 1944, Carterton station was opened to the east of Alverscot. During the "Arctic" winter of 1946-7, the line was severed at Alvescot when a large snow drift blocked the line. An emergency service was maintained with services running from either end of the snow-filled cutting. During the final years before closure, a British Railways employee at Alvescot made a proposal for the line's operation using diesel railcars that, he claimed, would save at least £20,000. This was to no avail as the station was closed along with the East Gloucestershire Railway on 18 June 1962.
Present day.
The goods yard remains occupied by G.F. Luckett, coal merchant, now supplied by road. All the station buildings have been demolished and the remainder of the site is a light industrial area. The station house still stands and is called "Station Bungalow". Large sections of trackbed between Alvescot and remain intact.

</doc>
<doc id="18717907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717907" title="Ferdinand Karsch">
Ferdinand Karsch

Ferdinand Anton Franz Karsch or Karsch-Haack (2 September 1853, Münster – 20 December 1936, Berlin) was a German arachnologist, entomologist and anthropologist.
The son of a doctor, Karsch was educated at the Friedrich Wilhelm University in Berlin and published a thesis on the gall wasp in 1877. From 1878 to 1921 he held the post of curator at the Museum für Naturkunde Berlin. Between 1873 and 1893, he published a catalogue of the spiders of Westphalia: he also published numerous articles on the specimens that the museum received from various explorers and naturalists working in Africa, in China, in Japan, in Australia, etc. This publication of others' work sometimes led to disputes over priority and nomenclature, for example with Pickard-Cambridge..
Alongside his zoological activities, he published many works on sexuality and, in particular, homosexuality in both the animal kingdom and in so-called "primitive" peoples, including "Das Leben der gleichgeschlechtliche Kulturvölker - Ostasiaten: Chinesen, Japanese, Korea" in 1906 on homosexuality in Eastern societies and in 1911 "Das Leben der gleichgeschlechtliche Naturvölker". Karsch lived in later life open homosexual in Berlin. The rise of Hitler to power and Nazi repression of homosexuality led to the eclipse of his reputation.

</doc>
<doc id="18717910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717910" title="Hart Highlands Ski Hill">
Hart Highlands Ski Hill

Hart Highlands Ski Hill is a small ski area in the Hart Highlands neighbourhood of Prince George, British Columbia, Canada. The area has two T-Bars, a rope tow, and features a ski school, rentals and night skiing with 11 machine-groomed runs, and is accessible by the city's bus system. The site is well known to cater for beginners, children, and freestyle skiers.

</doc>
<doc id="18717920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717920" title="Crown Agents for Oversea Governments and Administrations Ltd">
Crown Agents for Oversea Governments and Administrations Ltd

Crown Agents Ltd is an international development company with head office in the United Kingdom. Its main focus is to help governments around the world to increase prosperity, reduce poverty and improve health by providing consultancy, supply chain, financial services and training.
Incorporated as a private limited company Crown Agents Ltd has only one shareholder - the Crown Agents Foundation, a not-for-profit company. 
Crown Agents Ltd's registered office is in Sutton in Surrey, 11 miles southwest of central London.
International development work.
Crown Agents is an international development company that helps countries to grow their economies, strengthen health systems and improve financial management, through consultancy, supply chain management and financial services.
Crown Agents works with clients in more than 100 countries, major multilateral agencies, such as the World Bank, European Commission, United Nations agencies and bilateral donors such as DFID, KfW, SIDA, CIDA and the Danish, Japanese and U.S. governments.
It has provided governmental services as large as the Customs system of Angola, transforming the central medical stores in Zambia and the Value added tax (VAT) system of Lesotho. It works on sustainable development supporting more effective trade and transit corridors, food security and health systems strengthening.
Projects include improving the livelihood of poor and vulnerable people in South East Asia (SEACAP) and addressing the challenges of providing reliable access for poor communities in Africa. Crown Agents is active in the environmental change arena and is using emerging technologies to contribute to aid effectiveness and value for money in various projects. Helping governments to overcome corruption is another important development task addressed by Crown Agents, including in the collection of tax and customs revenue. Crown Agents Bank is one of the UK's leading banks for disbursement of development aid.
Crown Agents is a member of the Partnership for Supply Chain Management, a partnership of 13 private sector, nongovernmental and faith-based organizations that implements the SCMS project, providing a reliable, cost-effective and secure supply of products for HIV/AIDS programs.
Sectors.
Crown Agents works across a large range of sectors, providing public financial management, humanitarian and crisis response, banking and investment management, procurement and logistics, food security, trade facilitation, health, IT consulting and training.
Subsidiaries.
Crown Agents has subsidiaries in Africa, Asia and the US, as well as two financial services companies regulated in the UK, Crown Agents Bank and Crown Agents Investment Management.
The Crown Agents Foundation.
Crown Agents is owned by "The Crown Agents Foundation", a company limited by guarantee, whose objectives include the alleviation of worldwide poverty. Crown Agents allocates sums from its income to the Foundation's social and developmental objectives and applies these at the Foundation's direction.
Members of the foundation are organisations with a keen interest in international development and include firms, non-governmental organisations and international bodies.
These include: British Expertise,The Aga Khan Foundation, The Chartered Institute of Building, The Chartered Institute of Purchasing & Supply, Christian Aid, Charities Aid Foundation, African Medical and Research Foundation, British Council, CARE (relief agency), Commonwealth Business Council, Concern Worldwide, CIBC FirstCaribbean International Bank, Practical Action, International Business Leaders Forum, International Chamber of Commerce, Transparency International and The Royal Commonwealth Society. The British Department for International Development is represented among the Foundation's members.
History.
Prior to 1997, Crown Agents was a UK public statutory corporation, overseen by the British Ministry of Overseas Development.
Crown Agents originated as a body conducting financial transactions for British colonies. Agents were first appointed in 1749 to transfer and account for grants made to colonies from the British Treasury. These representatives were known unofficially as 'crown agents' from at least 1758, and were accountable to colonial governments, though selected on the recommendation of the British government. A single body was created in 1833, when the crown agents' business was consolidated under two Joint Agents General for Crown Colonies with an Office of several staff. In 1861, the Office was renamed Crown Agents for the Colonies. Crown Agents' responsibilities on behalf of colonial governments included accounting for Treasury grants, purchasing supplies, recruiting certain staff and raising capital on the markets. Crown Agents also oversaw specific colonial projects, such as certain postage stamp issues and some infrastructure construction. As decolonisation accelerated, the Office was renamed Crown Agents for Oversea Governments and Administrations in 1954, and the rules were changed to allow it to take on projects for independent states. Crown Agents expanded its activities to include more international development projects and investment management. Its anomalous status as an autonomous body with close links to government came into question, and in 1979 Crown Agents was brought under government control as a statutory corporation. From 1987, shifting attitudes to state ownership of business and changes in British international development strategy led the government to support full privatisation of Crown Agents. It became a private company in 1997, ending its formal ties to the British government.

</doc>
<doc id="18717922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717922" title="StreetRunner">
StreetRunner

Nicholas Warwar, better known as StreetRunner, is a American record producer and DJ who works and lives in Miami, Florida. He first gained recognition in 2004 for producing Terror Squad's hit single, "Take Me Home". More recently he has gained fame for working with Lil Wayne on numerous occasions, most notably on "Tha Carter III". He is currently signed to EMI. A trademark of a STREETRUNNER production is a female voice saying "STREETRUNNER" in the beginning of most of his songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18717927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717927" title="Massimo Pupillo">
Massimo Pupillo

Massimo Pupillo (January 7, 1929 - ) is an Italian film director.
Pupillo is best known for his work as a horror film director in the 1960s and 1970s. His three most famous horror films were all made in 1965. He directed "Terror-Creatures from the Grave" (aka "Five Graves For A Medium") in 1965 which starred Barbara Steele. Pupillo also directed two other horror films that same year, "Bloody Pit of Horror" (starring Mickey Hargitay) and "The Revenge of Lady Morgan".

</doc>
<doc id="18717938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717938" title="Lowedges">
Lowedges

Lowedges is the third studio album from musician Richard Hawley. It was released in the UK in February 2003 by Setanta Records. It is named after a district in Hawley's home city of Sheffield.
Critical reception.
The album received very favourable reviews from most critics. Drowned in Sound called the album "sublime" and said "this album is up there with the Scott Walkers, Dylans and any other late night songsmith of the last fifty years. Solely, it is about the songs; eleven pure and sophisticated tales of love and lamentation." Allmusic said that "Lowedges" "retains all the virtues that made his debut long-player... such an out-of-left-field stunner: the late-night atmosphere, the subtle yet dramatic arrangements, Hawley's deep and expressive vocals, and, above all, the low-key and catchy songs that will have you remembering past loves, glory days, and autumn nights... He doesn't make a false step on this album. Most likely it will be overlooked by the masses, but that's OK. They don't deserve to be hip to such a wonderfully intimate and, well, wonderful artist and record." BBC Music described it as "melodic songwriting at its best and a pleasure to listen to". "Q" stated that "Lowedges"' "kitsch-free excellence confirms Hawley as a balladeer of the very highest order". PopMatters described Hawley as "a master at crafting melodies so simple, so memorable, it makes your heart melt" and said "rarely does feeling so hopeless and sad ever sound so enticing. Perfect for quiet, rainy nights, this album is easily one of 2003's finest buried treasures."
MusicOMH had some reservations, being "slightly disappointed" and saying "some of these songs could have been better developed... But there are lovely moments".
Track listing.
All songs written and composed by Richard Hawley, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18717975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717975" title="Ohio River Valley Conference">
Ohio River Valley Conference

History.
The ORVC traces its history to two conferences, the Southeastern Indiana and Laughery Valley. When the league began, half of its members came from the SEIC (Hanover, Rising Sun, Versailles), and another school (Milan) was a SEIC member until being removed from the conference in 1942, remaining independent since that point. The first shakeup in conference membership came in the conference's second year, as North closed, and three LVC schools (Dillsboro, Moores Hill, Sunman) joined with one SEIC school (Vevay). This was followed by twenty years of stability, as while consolidations were happening in the area, the schools remained in the conference. Hanover and Osgood became Southwestern and Jac-Cen-Del, respectively, in 1960. Versailles became South Ripley in 1966, with Vevay changing to Switzerland County in 1968. 
The 1970s were a different story, as the three Laughery Valley Schools that joined in 1953 would not survive to the end of the decade. Sunman was consolidated with North Dearborn in 1973, forming East Central. Dillsboro and Moores Hill would follow suit in 1978, combining with Aurora to form South Dearborn. Both of those schools became part of the Eastern Indiana Athletic Conference. Left as a six-school conference, the ORVC expanded in 1984, adding Shawe Memorial. The conference has been stable since, a two-year hiatus by Southwestern in the mid-1990s notwithstanding. That stability looks to continue into the future. Lawrenceburg was denied entry in the 1990s, and there is only one other school in the area (Oldenburg Academy) who is of a similar size.
Membership.
Southwestern played as an Independent from 1994 to 1996 after being removed from the conference for rules violations.

</doc>
<doc id="18717981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717981" title="Sociology">
Sociology

Sociology is the study of human social behavior and its origins, development, organizations, and institutions. It is a social science which uses various methods of empirical investigation and critical analysis to develop a body of knowledge about human social actions, social structure and functions. A goal for many sociologists is to conduct research which may be applied directly to social policy and welfare, while others focus primarily on refining the theoretical understanding of social processes. Subject matter ranges from the micro level of individual agency and interaction to the macro level of systems and the social structure.
The traditional focuses of sociology include social stratification, social class, social mobility, religion, secularization, law, and deviance. As all spheres of human activity are affected by the interplay between social structure and individual agency, sociology has gradually expanded its focus to further subjects, such as health, medical, military and penal institutions, the Internet, and the role of social activity in the development of scientific knowledge.
The range of social scientific methods has also expanded. Social researchers draw upon a variety of qualitative and quantitative techniques. The linguistic and cultural turns of the mid-twentieth century led to increasingly interpretative, hermeneutic, and philosophic approaches to the analysis of society. Conversely, recent decades have seen the rise of new analytically, mathematically and computationally rigorous techniques, such as agent-based modelling and social network analysis.
Classification.
Sociology should not be confused with various general social studies courses which bear little relation to sociological theory or social science research methodology. The US National Science Foundation, classifies Sociology as a STEM Field.
History.
Origins.
Sociological reasoning predates the foundation of the discipline. Social analysis has origins in the common stock of Western knowledge and philosophy, and has been carried out from as far back as the time of ancient Greek philosopher Plato if not before. The origin of the survey, i.e., the collection of information from a sample of individuals, can be traced back to at least the Domesday Book in 1086, while ancient philosophers such as Confucius wrote on the importance of social roles. There is evidence of early sociology in medieval Islam. Some consider Ibn Khaldun, a 14th-century Arab Islamic scholar from North Africa, to have been the first sociologist; his "Muqaddimah" was perhaps the first work to advance social-scientific reasoning on social cohesion and social conflict. Most sociological concepts were used in English prior to their adoption as the technical language of sociology.
The word "sociology" (or ""sociologie"") is derived from both Latin and Greek origins. The Latin word: "socius", "companion"; the suffix "-logy", "the study of" from Greek -λογία from λόγος, "lógos", "word", "knowledge". It was first coined in 1780 by the French essayist Emmanuel-Joseph Sieyès (1748–1836) in an unpublished manuscript. Sociology was later defined independently by the French philosopher of science, Auguste Comte (1798–1857), in 1838. Comte used this term to describe a new way of looking at society. Comte had earlier used the term "social physics", but that had subsequently been appropriated by others, most notably the Belgian statistician Adolphe Quetelet. Comte endeavored to unify history, psychology and economics through the scientific understanding of the social realm. Writing shortly after the malaise of the French Revolution, he proposed that social ills could be remedied through sociological positivism, an epistemological approach outlined in "The Course in Positive Philosophy" [1830–1842] and "A General View of Positivism" (1848). Comte believed a positivist stage would mark the final era, after conjectural theological and metaphysical phases, in the progression of human understanding. In observing the circular dependence of theory and observation in science, and having classified the sciences, Comte may be regarded as the first philosopher of science in the modern sense of the term.
Both Auguste Comte and Karl Marx (1818-1883) set out to develop scientifically justified systems in the wake of European industrialization and secularization, informed by various key movements in the philosophies of history and science. Marx rejected Comtean positivism but in attempting to develop a "science of society" nevertheless came to be recognized as a founder of sociology as the word gained wider meaning. For Isaiah Berlin, Marx may be regarded as the "true father" of modern sociology, "in so far as anyone can claim the title."
Herbert Spencer (27 April 1820 – 8 December 1903) was one of the most popular and influential 19th century sociologists. It is estimated that he sold one million books in his lifetime, far more than any other sociologist at the time. So strong was his influence that many other 19th century thinkers, including Émile Durkheim, defined their ideas in relation to his. Durkheim’s "Division of Labour in Society" is to a large extent an extended debate with Spencer from whose sociology, many commentators now agree, Durkheim borrowed extensively. Also a notable biologist, Spencer coined the term "survival of the fittest". Whilst Marxian ideas defined one strand of sociology, Spencer was a critic of socialism as well as strong advocate for a laissez-faire style of government. His ideas were highly observed by conservative political circles, especially in the United States and England.
Foundations of the academic discipline.
Formal academic sociology was established by Émile Durkheim (1858–1917), who developed positivism as a foundation to practical social research. While Durkheim rejected much of the detail of Comte's philosophy, he retained and refined its method, maintaining that the social sciences are a logical continuation of the natural ones into the realm of human activity, and insisting that they may retain the same objectivity, rationalism, and approach to causality. Durkheim set up the first European department of sociology at the University of Bordeaux in 1895, publishing his "Rules of the Sociological Method" (1895).
Durkheim's seminal monograph, "Suicide" (1897), a case study of suicide rates amongst Catholic and Protestant populations, distinguished sociological analysis from psychology or philosophy. It also marked a major contribution to the theoretical concept of structural functionalism. By carefully examining suicide statistics in different police districts, he attempted to demonstrate that Catholic communities have a lower suicide rate than that of Protestants, something he attributed to social (as opposed to individual or psychological) causes. He developed the notion of objective "sui generis" "social facts" to delineate a unique empirical object for the science of sociology to study. Through such studies he posited that sociology would be able to determine whether any given society is 'healthy' or 'pathological', and seek social reform to negate organic breakdown or "social anomie".
Sociology quickly evolved as an academic response to the perceived challenges of modernity, such as industrialization, urbanization, secularization, and the process of "rationalization". The field predominated in continental Europe, with British anthropology and statistics generally following on a separate trajectory. By the turn of the 20th century, however, many theorists were active in the Anglo-Saxon world. Few early sociologists were confined strictly to the subject, interacting also with economics, jurisprudence, psychology and philosophy, with theories being appropriated in a variety of different fields. Since its inception, sociological epistemologies, methods, and frames of inquiry, have significantly expanded and diverged.
Durkheim, Marx, and the German theorist Max Weber (1864-1920) are typically cited as the three principal architects of social science. Herbert Spencer, William Graham Sumner, Lester F. Ward, Vilfredo Pareto, Alexis de Tocqueville, Werner Sombart, Thorstein Veblen, Ferdinand Tönnies, Georg Simmel and Karl Mannheim are occasionally included on academic curricula as founding theorists. Each key figure is associated with a particular theoretical perspective and orientation.
Other developments.
The first college course entitled "Sociology" was taught in the United States at Yale in 1875 by William Graham Sumner. In 1883 Lester F. Ward, the first president of the American Sociological Association, published "Dynamic Sociology—Or Applied social science as based upon statical sociology and the less complex sciences" and attacked the laissez-faire sociology of Herbert Spencer and Sumner. Ward's 1200 page book was used as core material in many early American sociology courses. In 1890, the oldest continuing American course in the modern tradition began at the University of Kansas, lectured by Frank W. Blackmar. The Department of Sociology at the University of Chicago was established in 1892 by Albion Small, who also published the first sociology textbook: An introduction to the study of society 1894. George Herbert Mead and Charles Cooley, who had met at the University of Michigan in 1891 (along with John Dewey), would move to Chicago in 1894. Their influence gave rise to social psychology and the symbolic interactionism of the modern Chicago School. The "American Journal of Sociology" was founded in 1895, followed by the "American Sociological Association" (ASA) in 1905. The sociological "canon of classics" with Durkheim and Max Weber at the top owes in part to Talcott Parsons, who is largely credited with introducing both to American audiences. Parsons consolidated the sociological tradition and set the agenda for American sociology at the point of its fastest disciplinary growth. Sociology in the United States was less historically influenced by Marxism than its European counterpart, and to this day broadly remains more statistical in its approach.
The first sociology department to be established in the United Kingdom was at the London School of Economics and Political Science (home of the "British Journal of Sociology") in 1904. Leonard Trelawny Hobhouse and Edvard Westermarck became the lecturers in the discipline at the University of London in 1907. Harriet Martineau, an English translator of Comte, has been cited as the first female sociologist. In 1909 the "Deutsche Gesellschaft für Soziologie" (German Sociological Association) was founded by Ferdinand Tönnies and Max Weber, among others. Weber established the first department in Germany at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich in 1919, having presented an influential new antipositivist sociology. In 1920, Florian Znaniecki set up the first department in Poland. The "Institute for Social Research" at the University of Frankfurt (later to become the Frankfurt School of critical theory) was founded in 1923. International co-operation in sociology began in 1893, when René Worms founded the "Institut International de Sociologie", an institution later eclipsed by the much larger International Sociological Association (ISA), founded in 1949.
Positivism and anti-positivism.
Positivism.
The overarching methodological principle of positivism is to conduct sociology in broadly the same manner as natural science. An emphasis on empiricism and the scientific method is sought to provide a tested foundation for sociological research based on the assumption that the only authentic knowledge is scientific knowledge, and that such knowledge can only arrive by positive affirmation through scientific methodology.
The term has long since ceased to carry this meaning; there are no fewer than twelve distinct epistemologies that are referred to as positivism. Many of these approaches do not self-identify as "positivist", some because they themselves arose in opposition to older forms of positivism, and some because the label has over time become a term of abuse by being mistakenly linked with a theoretical empiricism. The extent of antipositivist criticism has also diverged, with many rejecting the scientific method and others only seeking to amend it to reflect 20th century developments in the philosophy of science. However, positivism (broadly understood as a scientific approach to the study of society) remains dominant in contemporary sociology, especially in the United States.
Loïc Wacquant distinguishes three major strains of positivism: Durkheimian, Logical, and Instrumental. None of these are the same as that set forth by Comte, who was unique in advocating such a rigid (and perhaps optimistic) version. While Émile Durkheim rejected much of the detail of Comte's philosophy, he retained and refined its method. Durkheim maintained that the social sciences are a logical continuation of the natural ones into the realm of human activity, and insisted that they should retain the same objectivity, rationalism, and approach to causality. He developed the notion of objective "sui generis" "social facts" to delineate a unique empirical object for the science of sociology to study.
The variety of positivism that remains dominant today is termed "instrumental positivism". This approach eschews epistemological and metaphysical concerns (such as the nature of social facts) in favor of methodological clarity, replicability, reliability and validity. This positivism is more or less synonymous with quantitative research, and so only resembles older positivism in practice. Since it carries no explicit philosophical commitment, its practitioners may not belong to any particular school of thought. Modern sociology of this type is often credited to Paul Lazarsfeld, who pioneered large-scale survey studies and developed statistical techniques for analyzing them. This approach lends itself to what Robert K. Merton called middle-range theory: abstract statements that generalize from segregated hypotheses and empirical regularities rather than starting with an abstract idea of a social whole.
Anti-positivism.
Reactions against social empiricism began when German philosopher Hegel voiced opposition to both empiricism, which he rejected as uncritical, and determinism, which he viewed as overly mechanistic. Karl Marx's methodology borrowed from Hegelian dialecticism but also a rejection of positivism in favour of critical analysis, seeking to supplement the empirical acquisition of "facts" with the elimination of illusions. He maintained that appearances need to be critiqued rather than simply documented. Early hermeneuticians such as Wilhelm Dilthey pioneered the distinction between natural and social science ('Geisteswissenschaft'). Various neo-Kantian philosophers, phenomenologists and human scientists further theorized how the analysis of the social world differs to that of the natural world due to the irreducibly complex aspects of human society, culture, and being.
At the turn of the 20th century the first generation of German sociologists formally introduced methodological anti-positivism, proposing that research should concentrate on human cultural norms, values, symbols, and social processes viewed from a resolutely subjective perspective. Max Weber argued that sociology may be loosely described as a science as it is able to identify causal relationships of human "social action"—especially among "ideal types", or hypothetical simplifications of complex social phenomena. As a non-positivist, however, Weber sought relationships that are not as "historical, invariant, or generalizable" as those pursued by natural scientists. Fellow German sociologist, Ferdinand Tönnies, theorized on two crucial abstract concepts with his work on "Gemeinschaft and Gesellschaft" (lit. "community" and "society"). Tönnies marked a sharp line between the realm of concepts and the reality of social action: the first must be treated axiomatically and in a deductive way ("pure sociology"), whereas the second empirically and inductively ("applied sociology").
Both Weber and Georg Simmel pioneered the ""Verstehen"" (or 'interpretative') method in social science; a systematic process by which an outside observer attempts to relate to a particular cultural group, or indigenous people, on their own terms and from their own point-of-view. Through the work of Simmel, in particular, sociology acquired a possible character beyond positivist data-collection or grand, deterministic systems of structural law. Relatively isolated from the sociological academy throughout his lifetime, Simmel presented idiosyncratic analyses of modernity more reminiscent of the phenomenological and existential writers than of Comte or Durkheim, paying particular concern to the forms of, and possibilities for, social individuality. His sociology engaged in a neo-Kantian inquiry into the limits of perception, asking 'What is society?' in a direct allusion to Kant's question 'What is nature?'
Theoretical frameworks.
The contemporary discipline of sociology is theoretically multi-paradigmatic. Modern sociological theory descends from the historical foundations of functionalist (Durkheim) and conflict-centered (Marx) accounts of social structure, as well as the micro-scale structural (Simmel) and pragmatist (Mead) theories of social interaction. Contemporary sociological theory retains traces of these approaches.
Presently, sociological theories lack a single overarching foundation, and there is little consensus about what such a framework should consist of. However, a number of broad paradigms cover much present sociological theorizing. In the humanistic parts of the discipline, these paradigms are referred to as "social" theory, and are often shared with the humanities. The discipline's dominant scientifically-oriented areas generally focus on a different set of theoretical perspectives, which by contrast are generally referred to as "sociological" theory. These include sociological field theory, new institutionalism, social networks, social identity, social and cultural capital, toolkit and cognitive theories of culture, and resource mobilization. Analytical sociology is an ongoing effort to systematize many of these middle-range theories.
Functionalism.
A broad historical paradigm in both sociology and anthropology, functionalism addresses the social structure as a whole and in terms of the necessary function of its constituent elements. A common analogy (popularized by Herbert Spencer) is to regard norms and institutions as 'organs' that work toward the proper-functioning of the entire 'body' of society. The perspective was implicit in the original sociological positivism of Comte, but was theorized in full by Durkheim, again with respect to observable, structural laws. Functionalism also has an anthropological basis in the work of theorists such as Marcel Mauss, Bronisław Malinowski and Radcliffe-Brown. It is in Radcliffe-Brown's specific usage that the prefix 'structural' emerged. Classical functionalist theory is generally united by its tendency towards biological analogy and notions of social evolutionism. As Giddens states: "Functionalist thought, from Comte onwards, has looked particularly towards biology as the science providing the closest and most compatible model for social science. Biology has been taken to provide a guide to conceptualizing the structure and the function of social systems and to analyzing processes of evolution via mechanisms of adaptation ... functionalism strongly emphasizes the pre-eminence of the social world over its individual parts (i.e. its constituent actors, human subjects)."
Conflict theory.
Functionalism aims only toward a general perspective from which to conduct social science. Methodologically, its principles generally contrast those approaches that emphasize the "micro", such as interpretivism or symbolic interactionism. Its emphasis on "cohesive systems", however, also holds political ramifications. Functionalist theories are often therefore contrasted with "conflict theories" which critique the overarching socio-political system or emphasize the inequality of particular groups. The works of Durkheim and Marx epitomize the political, as well as theoretical, disparities, between functionalist and conflict thought respectively:
20th century social theory.
The functionalist movement reached its crescendo in the 1940s and 1950s, and by the 1960s was in rapid decline. By the 1980s, functionalism in Europe had broadly been replaced by conflict-oriented approaches. While some of the critical approaches also gained popularity in the United States, the mainstream of the discipline instead shifted to a variety of empirically-oriented middle-range theories with no single overarching theoretical orientation. To many in the discipline, functionalism is now considered "as dead as a dodo."
As the influence of both functionalism and Marxism in the 1960s began to wane, the linguistic and cultural turns led to myriad new movements in the social sciences: "According to Giddens, the orthodox consensus terminated in the late 1960s and 1970s as the middle ground shared by otherwise competing perspectives gave way and was replaced by a baffling variety of competing perspectives. This third 'generation' of social theory includes phenomenologically inspired approaches, critical theory, ethnomethodology, symbolic interactionism, structuralism, post-structuralism, and theories written in the tradition of hermeneutics and ordinary language philosophy."
The structuralist movement originated from the linguistic theory of Ferdinand de Saussure and was later expanded to the social sciences by theorists such as Claude Lévi-Strauss. In this context, 'structure' refers not to 'social structure' but to the semiotic understanding of human culture as a system of signs. One may delineate four central tenets of structuralism: First, structure is what determines the structure of a whole. Second, structuralists believe that every system has a structure. Third, structuralists are interested in 'structural' laws that deal with coexistence rather than changes. Finally, structures are the 'real things' beneath the surface or the appearance of meaning.
Post-structuralist thought has tended to reject 'humanist' assumptions in the conduct of social theory. Michel Foucault provides a potent critique in his "archaeology of the human sciences", though Habermas and Rorty have both argued that Foucault merely replaces one such system of thought with another. The dialogue between these intellectuals highlights a trend in recent years for certain schools of sociology and philosophy to intersect. The anti-humanist position has been associated with "postmodernism," a term used in specific contexts to describe an "era" or "phenomena", but occasionally construed as a "method".
Structure and agency.
Structure and agency form an enduring ontological debate in social theory: "Do social structures determine an individual's behaviour or does human agency?" In this context 'agency' refers to the capacity of individuals to act independently and make free choices, whereas 'structure' relates to factors which limit or affect the choices and actions of individuals (such as social class, religion, gender, ethnicity, and so on). Discussions over the primacy of either structure and agency relate to the core of sociological epistemology ("What is the social world made of?", "What is a cause in the social world, and what is an effect?"). A general outcome of incredulity toward structural or agential thought has been the development of multidimensional theories, most notably the action theory of Talcott Parsons and Anthony Giddens's theory of structuration.
Research methodology.
Sociological research methods may be divided into two broad categories:
Sociologists are divided into camps of support for particular research techniques. These disputes relate to the epistemological debates at the historical core of social theory. While very different in many aspects, both qualitative and quantitative approaches involve a systematic interaction between theory and data. Quantitative methodologies hold the dominant position in sociology, especially in the United States. In the discipline's two most cited journals, quantitative articles have historically outnumbered qualitative ones by a factor of two. (Most articles published in the largest British journal, on the other hand, are qualitative.) Most textbooks on the methodology of social research are written from the quantitative perspective, and the very term "methodology" is often used synonymously with "statistics." Practically all sociology PhD program in the United States require training in statistical methods. The work produced by quantitative researchers is also deemed more 'trustworthy' and 'unbiased' by the greater public, though this judgment continues to be challenged by antipositivists.
The choice of method often depends largely on what the researcher intends to investigate. For example, a researcher concerned with drawing a statistical generalization across an entire population may administer a survey questionnaire to a representative sample population. By contrast, a researcher who seeks full contextual understanding of an individual's social actions may choose ethnographic participant observation or open-ended interviews. Studies will commonly combine, or 'triangulate', quantitative "and" qualitative methods as part of a 'multi-strategy' design. For instance, a quantitative study may be performed to gain statistical patterns or a target sample, and then combined with a qualitative interview to determine the play of agency.
Sampling.
Quantitative methods are often used to ask questions about a population that is very large, making a census or a complete enumeration of all the members in that population infeasible. A 'sample' then forms a manageable subset of a population. In quantitative research, statistics are used to draw inferences from this sample regarding the population as a whole. The process of selecting a sample is referred to as 'sampling'. While it is usually best to sample randomly, concern with differences between specific subpopulations sometimes calls for stratified sampling. Conversely, the impossibility of random sampling sometimes necessitates nonprobability sampling, such as convenience sampling or snowball sampling.
Methods.
"The following list of research methods is neither exclusive nor exhaustive:"
Computational sociology.
Sociologists increasingly draw upon computationally intensive methods to analyze and model social phenomena. Using computer simulations, artificial intelligence, text mining, complex statistical methods, and new analytic approaches like social network analysis and social sequence analysis, computational sociology develops and tests theories of complex social processes through bottom-up modeling of social interactions.
Although the subject matter and methodologies in social science differ from those in natural science or computer science, several of the approaches used in contemporary social simulation originated from fields such as physics and artificial intelligence. By the same token, some of the approaches that originated in computational sociology have been imported into the natural sciences, such as measures of network centrality from the fields of social network analysis and network science. In relevant literature, computational sociology is often related to the study of social complexity. Social complexity concepts such as complex systems, non-linear interconnection among macro and micro process, and emergence, have entered the vocabulary of computational sociology. A practical and well-known example is the construction of a computational model in the form of an "artificial society", by which researchers can analyze the structure of a social system.
Practical applications of social research.
Social research informs politicians and policy makers, educators, planners, lawmakers, administrators, developers, business magnates, managers, social workers, non-governmental organizations, non-profit organizations, and people interested in resolving social issues in general. There is often a great deal of crossover between social research, market research, and other statistical fields.
Scope and topics.
Culture.
For Simmel, culture referred to "the cultivation of individuals through the agency of external forms which have been objectified in the course of history". Whilst early theorists such as Durkheim and Mauss were influential in cultural anthropology, sociologists of culture are generally distinguished by their concern for modern (rather than primitive or ancient) society. Cultural sociology is seldom empirical, preferring instead the hermeneutic analysis of words, artifacts and symbols. The field is closely allied with critical theory in the vein of Theodor W. Adorno, Walter Benjamin, and other members of the Frankfurt School. Loosely distinct to sociology is the field of cultural studies. Birmingham School theorists such as Richard Hoggart and Stuart Hall questioned the division between "producers" and "consumers" evident in earlier theory, emphasizing the reciprocity in the production of texts. Cultural Studies aims to examine its subject matter in terms of cultural practices and their relation to power. For example, a study of a subculture (such as white working class youth in London) would consider the social practices of the group as they relate to the dominant class. The "cultural turn" of the 1960s ushered in structuralist and so-called postmodern approaches to social science and placed culture much higher on the sociological agenda.
Criminality, deviance, law and punishment.
Criminologists analyze the nature, causes, and control of criminal activity, drawing upon methods across sociology, psychology, and the behavioural sciences. The sociology of deviance focuses on actions or behaviors that violate norms, including both formally enacted rules (e.g., crime) and informal violations of cultural norms. It is the remit of sociologists to study why these norms exist; how they change over time; and how they are enforced. The concept of deviance is central in contemporary structural functionalism and systems theory. Robert K. Merton produced a typology of deviance, and also established the terms "role model", "unintended consequences", and "self-fulfilling prophecy".
The study of law played a significant role in the formation of classical sociology. Durkheim famously described law as the "visible symbol" of social solidarity. The sociology of law refers to both a sub-discipline of sociology and an approach within the field of legal studies. Sociology of law is a diverse field of study which examines the interaction of law with other aspects of society, such as the development of legal institutions and the effect of laws on social change and vice versa. For example, an influential recent work in the field relies on statistical analyses to argue that the increase in incarceration in the US over the last 30 years is due to changes in law and policing and not to an increase in crime; and that this increase significantly contributes to maintaining racial stratification.
Economic sociology.
The term "economic sociology" was first used by William Stanley Jevons in 1879, later to be coined in the works of Durkheim, Weber and Simmel between 1890 and 1920. Economic sociology arose as a new approach to the analysis of economic phenomena, emphasizing class relations and modernity as a philosophical concept. The relationship between capitalism and modernity is a salient issue, perhaps best demonstrated in Weber's "The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism" (1905) and Simmel's "The Philosophy of Money" (1900). The contemporary period of economic sociology, also known as "new economic sociology", was consolidated by the 1985 work of Mark Granovetter titled "Economic Action and Social Structure: The Problem of Embeddedness". This work elaborated the concept of embeddedness, which states that economic relations between individuals or firms take place within existing social relations (and are thus structured by these relations as well as the greater social structures of which those relations are a part). Social network analysis has been the primary methodology for studying this phenomenon. Granovetter's theory of the strength of weak ties and Ronald Burt's concept of structural holes are two best known theoretical contributions of this field.
Environment.
Environmental sociology is the study of human interactions with the natural environment, typically emphasizing human dimensions of environmental problems, social impacts of those problems, and efforts to resolve them. As with other subfields of sociology, scholarship in environmental sociology may be at one or multiple levels of analysis, from global (e.g. world-systems) to local, societal to individual. Attention is paid also to the processes by which environmental problems become "defined" and "known" to humans.
Education.
The sociology of education is the study of how educational institutions determine social structures, experiences, and other outcomes. It is particularly concerned with the schooling systems of modern industrial societies. A classic 1966 study in this field by James Coleman, known as the "Coleman Report", analyzed the performance of over 150,000 students and found that student background and socioeconomic status are much more important in determining educational outcomes than are measured differences in school resources ("i.e." per pupil spending). The controversy over "school effects" ignited by that study has continued to this day. The study also found that socially disadvantaged black students profited from schooling in racially mixed classrooms, and thus served as a catalyst for desegregation busing in American public schools.
Family, gender, and sexuality.
Family, gender and sexuality form a broad area of inquiry studied in many subfields of sociology. The sociology of the family examines the family, as an institution and unit of socialization, with special concern for the comparatively modern historical emergence of the nuclear family and its distinct gender roles. The notion of "childhood" is also significant. As one of the more basic institutions to which one may apply sociological perspectives, the sociology of the family is a common component on introductory academic curricula. Feminist sociology, on the other hand, is a normative subfield that observes and critiques the cultural categories of gender and sexuality, particularly with respect to power and inequality. The primary concern of feminist theory is the patriarchy and the systematic oppression of women apparent in many societies, both at the level of small-scale interaction and in terms of the broader social structure. Feminist sociology also analyses how gender interlocks with race and class to produce and perpetuate social inequalities. "How to account for the differences in definitions of femininity and masculinity and in sex role across different societies and historical periods" is also a concern.Social psychology of gender, on the other hand, uses experimental methods to uncover the microprocesses of gender stratification. For example, one recent study has shown that resume evaluators penalize women for motherhood while giving a boost to men for fatherhood. Another set of experiments showed that men whose sexuality is questioned compensate by expressing a greater desire for military intervention and sport utility vehicles as well as a greater opposition to gay marriage.
Health and illness.
The sociology of health and illness focuses on the social effects of, and public attitudes toward, illnesses, diseases, disabilities and the aging process. Medical sociology, by contrast, focuses on the inner-workings of medical organizations and clinical institutions. In Britain, sociology was introduced into the medical curriculum following the Goodenough Report (1944).
Internet.
The Internet is of interest to sociologists in various ways; most practically as a tool for research and as a discussion platform. The sociology of the Internet in the broad sense regards the analysis of online communities (e.g. newsgroups, social networking sites) and virtual worlds. Online communities may be studied statistically through network analysis or interpreted qualitatively through virtual ethnography. Organizational change is catalyzed through new media, thereby influencing social change at-large, perhaps forming the framework for a transformation from an industrial to an informational society. One notable text is Manuel Castells' "The Internet Galaxy"—the title of which forms an inter-textual reference to Marshall McLuhan's "The Gutenberg Galaxy".
Knowledge and science.
The sociology of knowledge is the study of the relationship between human thought and the social context within which it arises, and of the effects prevailing ideas have on societies. The term first came into widespread use in the 1920s, when a number of German-speaking theorists, most notably Max Scheler, and Karl Mannheim, wrote extensively on it. With the dominance of functionalism through the middle years of the 20th century, the sociology of knowledge tended to remain on the periphery of mainstream sociological thought. It was largely reinvented and applied much more closely to everyday life in the 1960s, particularly by Peter L. Berger and Thomas Luckmann in "The Social Construction of Reality" (1966) and is still central for methods dealing with qualitative understanding of human society (compare "socially constructed reality"). The "archaeological" and "genealogical" studies of Michel Foucault are of considerable contemporary influence.
The sociology of science involves the study of science as a social activity, especially dealing "with the social conditions and effects of science, and with the social structures and processes of scientific activity." Important theorists in the sociology of science include Robert K. Merton and Bruno Latour. These branches of sociology have contributed to the formation of science and technology studies.
Literature.
Sociology of literature is a subfield of sociology of culture. It studies the social production of literature and its social implications. A notable example is Pierre Bourdieu's 1992 "Les Règles de L'Art: Genèse et Structure du Champ Littéraire", translated by Susan Emanuel as "Rules of Art: Genesis and Structure of the Literary Field" (1996). None of the founding fathers of sociology produced a detailed study of literature, but they did develop ideas that were subsequently applied to literature by others. Marx's theory of ideology was directed at literature by Pierre Macherey, Terry Eagleton and Fredric Jameson. Weber's theory of modernity as cultural rationalisation, which he applied to music, was later applied to all the arts, literature included, by Frankfurt School writers such as Adorno and Jürgen Habermas. Durkheim's view of sociology as the study of externally-defined social facts was redirected towards literature by Robert Escarpit. Bourdieu's own work is clearly indebted to Marx, Weber and Durkheim.
Media.
As with cultural studies, media study is a distinct discipline which owes to the convergence of sociology and other social sciences and humanities, in particular, literary criticism and critical theory. Though the production process or the critique of aesthetic forms is not in the remit of sociologists, analyses of socialising factors, such as ideological effects and audience reception, stem from sociological theory and method. Thus the 'sociology of the media' is not a subdiscipline "per se", but the media is a common and often-indispensable topic.
Military.
Military sociology aims toward the systematic study of the military as a social group rather than as an organization. It is a highly specialized subfield which examines issues related to service personnel as a distinct group with coerced collective action based on shared interests linked to survival in vocation and combat, with purposes and values that are more defined and narrow than within civil society. Military sociology also concerns civilian-military relations and interactions between other groups or governmental agencies. Topics include the dominant assumptions held by those in the military, changes in military members' willingness to fight, military unionization, military professionalism, the increased utilization of women, the military industrial-academic complex, the military's dependence on research, and the institutional and organizational structure of military.
Political sociology.
Historically political sociology concerned the relations between political organization and society. A typical research question in this area might be: "Why do so few American citizens choose to vote?" In this respect questions of political opinion formation brought about some of the pioneering uses of statistical survey research by Paul Lazarsfeld. A major subfield of political sociology developed in relation to such questions, which draws on comparative history to analyze socio-political trends. The field developed from the work of Max Weber and Moisey Ostrogorsky.
Contemporary political sociology includes these areas of research, but it has been opened up to wider questions of power and politics. Today political sociologists are as likely to be concerned with how identities are formed that contribute to structural domination by one group over another; the politics of who knows how and with what authority; and questions of how power is contested in social interactions in such a way as to bring about widespread cultural and social change. Such questions are more likely to be studied qualitatively. The study of social movements and their effects has been especially important in relation to these wider definitions of politics and power.
Race and ethnic relations.
The sociology of race and of ethnic relations is the area of the discipline that studies the social, political, and economic relations between races and ethnicities at all levels of society. This area encompasses the study of racism, residential segregation, and other complex social processes between different racial and ethnic groups. This research frequently interacts with other areas of sociology such as stratification and social psychology, as well as with postcolonial theory. At the level of political policy, ethnic relations are discussed in terms of either assimilationism or multiculturalism. Anti-racism forms another style of policy, particularly popular in the 1960s and 70s.
Religion.
The sociology of religion concerns the practices, historical backgrounds, developments, universal themes and roles of religion in society. There is particular emphasis on the recurring role of religion in all societies and throughout recorded history. The sociology of religion is distinguished from the philosophy of religion in that sociologists do not set out to assess the validity of religious truth-claims, instead assuming what Peter L. Berger has described as a position of "methodological atheism". It may be said that the modern formal discipline of sociology "began" with the analysis of religion in Durkheim's 1897 study of suicide rates amongst Roman Catholic and Protestant populations. Max Weber published four major texts on religion in a context of economic sociology and social stratification: "The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism" (1905), ' (1915), ' (1915), and "Ancient Judaism" (1920). Contemporary debates often center on topics such as secularization, civil religion, and the role of religion in a context of globalization and multiculturalism.
Social networks.
A social network is a social structure composed of individuals (or organizations) called "nodes", which are tied (connected) by one or more specific types of interdependency, such as friendship, kinship, financial exchange, dislike, sexual relationships, or relationships of beliefs, knowledge or prestige. Social networks operate on many levels, from families up to the level of nations, and play a critical role in determining the way problems are solved, organizations are run, and the degree to which individuals succeed in achieving their goals. Social network analysis makes no assumption that groups are the building blocks of society: the approach is open to studying less-bounded social systems, from non-local communities to networks of exchange. Rather than treating individuals (persons, organizations, states) as discrete units of analysis, it focuses on how the structure of ties affects individuals and their relationships. In contrast to analyses that assume that socialization into norms determines behavior, network analysis looks to see the extent to which the structure and composition of ties affect norms. Unlike most other areas of sociology, social network theory is usually defined in formal mathematics.
Social psychology.
Sociological social psychology focuses on micro-scale social actions. This area may be described as adhering to "sociological miniaturism", examining whole societies through the study of individual thoughts and emotions as well as behavior of small groups. Of special concern to psychological sociologists is how to explain a variety of demographic, social, and cultural facts in terms of human social interaction. Some of the major topics in this field are social inequality, group dynamics, prejudice, aggression, social perception, group behavior, social change, nonverbal behavior, socialization, conformity, leadership, and social identity. Social psychology may be taught with psychological emphasis. In sociology, researchers in this field are the most prominent users of the experimental method (however, unlike their psychological counterparts, they also frequently employ other methodologies). Social psychology looks at social influences, as well as social perception and social interaction.
Stratification.
Social stratification is the hierarchical arrangement of individuals into social classes, castes, and divisions within a society. Modern Western societies stratification traditionally relates to cultural and economic classes arranged in three main layers: upper class, middle class, and lower class, but each class may be further subdivided into smaller classes (e.g. occupational). Social stratification is interpreted in radically different ways within sociology. Proponents of structural functionalism suggest that, since the stratification of classes and castes is evident in all societies, hierarchy must be beneficial in stabilizing their existence. Conflict theorists, by contrast, critique the inaccessibility of resources and lack of social mobility in stratified societies.
Karl Marx distinguished social classes by their connection to the means of production in the capitalist system: the bourgeoisie own the means, but this effectively includes the proletariat itself as the workers can only sell their own labour power (forming the material base of the cultural superstructure). Max Weber critiqued Marxist economic determinism, arguing that social stratification is not based purely on economic inequalities, but on other status and power differentials (e.g. patriarchy). According to Weber, stratification may occur amongst at least three complex variables: (1) Property (class): A person's economic position in a society, based on birth and individual achievement. Weber differs from Marx in that he does not see this as the supreme factor in stratification. Weber noted how managers of corporations or industries control firms they do not own; Marx would have placed such a person in the proletariat. (2) Prestige (status): A person's prestige, or popularity in a society. This could be determined by the kind of job this person does or wealth. and (3) Power (political party): A person's ability to get their way despite the resistance of others. For example, individuals in state jobs, such as an employee of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, or a member of the United States Congress, may hold little property or status but they still hold immense power Pierre Bourdieu provides a modern example in the concepts of cultural and symbolic capital. Theorists such as Ralf Dahrendorf have noted the tendency toward an enlarged middle-class in modern Western societies, particularly in relation to the necessity of an educated work force in technological or service-based economies. Perspectives concerning globalization, such as dependency theory, suggest this effect owes to the shift of workers to the Third World.
Urban and rural sociology.
Urban sociology involves the analysis of social life and human interaction in metropolitan areas. It is a discipline seeking to provide advice for planning and policy making. After the industrial revolution, works such as Georg Simmel's "The Metropolis and Mental Life" (1903) focused on urbanization and the effect it had on alienation and anonymity. In the 1920s and 1930s The Chicago School produced a major body of theory on the nature of the city, important to both urban sociology and criminology, utilising symbolic interactionism as a method of field research. Contemporary research is commonly placed in a context of globalization, for instance, in Saskia Sassen's study of the "Global city". Rural sociology, by contrast, is the analysis of non-metropolitan areas.
Work and industry.
The sociology of work, or industrial sociology, examines "the direction and implications of trends in technological change, globalization, labour markets, work organization, managerial practices and employment relations to the extent to which these trends are intimately related to changing patterns of inequality in modern societies and to the changing experiences of individuals and families the ways in which workers challenge, resist and make their own contributions to the patterning of work and shaping of work institutions."
Sociology and the other academic disciplines.
Sociology overlaps with a variety of disciplines that study society, in particular anthropology, political science, economics, and social philosophy. Many comparatively new fields such as communication studies, cultural studies, demography and literary theory, draw upon methods that originated in sociology. The terms "social science" and "social research" have both gained a degree of autonomy since their origination in classical sociology. The distinct field of social psychology emerged from the many intersections of sociological and psychological interests, and is further distinguished in terms of sociological or psychological emphasis.
Sociology and applied sociology are connected to the professional and academic discipline of social work. Both disciplines study social interactions, community and the effect of various systems (i.e. family, school, community, laws, political sphere) on the individual. However, social work is generally more focused on practical strategies to alleviate social dysfunctions; sociology in general provides a thorough examination of the root causes of these problems. For example, a sociologist might study "why" a community is plagued with poverty. The applied sociologist would be more focused on practical strategies on "what" needs to be done to alleviate this burden. The social worker would be focused on "action"; implementing theses strategies "directly" or "indirectly" by means of mental health therapy, counseling, advocacy, community organization or community mobilization.
Social anthropology is the branch of anthropology that studies how contemporary living human beings behave in social groups. Practitioners of social anthropology, like sociologists, investigate various facets of social organization. Traditionally, social anthropologists analysed non-industrial and non-Western societies, whereas sociologists focused on industrialized societies in the Western world. In recent years, however, social anthropology has expanded its focus to modern Western societies, meaning that the two disciplines increasingly converge.
Sociobiology is the study of how social behavior and organization have been influenced by evolution and other biological process. The field blends sociology with a number of other sciences, such as anthropology, biology, and zoology. Sociobiology has generated controversy within the sociological academy for allegedly giving too much attention to gene expression over socialization and environmental factors in general (see 'nature versus nurture'). Entomologist E. O. Wilson is credited as having originally developed and described Sociobiology.
Irving Louis Horowitz, in his "The Decomposition of Sociology" (1994), has argued that the discipline, whilst arriving from a "distinguished lineage and tradition", is in decline due to deeply ideological theory and a lack of relevance to policy making: "The decomposition of sociology began when this great tradition became subject to ideological thinking, and an inferior tradition surfaced in the wake of totalitarian triumphs." Furthermore: "A problem yet unmentioned is that sociology's malaise has left all the social sciences vulnerable to pure positivism—to an empiricism lacking any theoretical basis. Talented individuals who might, in an earlier time, have gone into sociology are seeking intellectual stimulation in business, law, the natural sciences, and even creative writing; this drains sociology of much needed potential." Horowitz cites the lack of a 'core discipline' as exacerbating the problem. Randall Collins, the Dorothy Swaine Thomas Professor in Sociology at the University of Pennsylvania and a member of the Advisory Editors Council of the Social Evolution & History journal, has voiced similar sentiments: "we have lost all coherence as a discipline, we are breaking up into a conglomerate of specialities, each going on its own way and with none too high regard for each other."
In 2007, "The Times Higher Education Guide" published a list of 'The most cited authors of books in the Humanities' (including philosophy and psychology). Seven of the top ten are listed as sociologists: Michel Foucault (1), Pierre Bourdieu (2), Anthony Giddens (5), Erving Goffman (6), Jürgen Habermas (7), Max Weber (8), and Bruno Latour (10).
Journals.
The most highly ranked general journals which publish original research in the field of sociology are the "American Journal of Sociology" and the "American Sociological Review". The "Annual Review of Sociology", which publishes literature reviews, is also highly ranked. Many other generalist and specialized journals exist.

</doc>
<doc id="18717984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717984" title="Hackensack Water Company Complex">
Hackensack Water Company Complex

The Hackensack Water Company developed water supply and storage in northeastern New Jersey during the latter part of 19th and the 20th century, initially to provide service to the towns of North Hudson, and the cities of Hoboken and Hackensack. Originally its headquarters and major facilities were located in Weehawken, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.
Weehawken Water Tower.
The headquarters most distinguishing feature, the red brick Weehawken Water Tower, was built in 1883. Designed by Frederick Clarke Withers, it was modeled after the Palazzo Vecchio in Florence, Italy. The tower was capable of holding 165,000 gallons of water and stands 175 feet high, 300 feet above sea level at the Hudson River.
The tower was connected to a Reservoir No.1 atop the Hudson Palisades to which water was pumped from the Hackensack River, approximately 14 miles away. While the reservoir at the site could provide adequate pressure for water users in Hoboken, located just above sea level, water pressure was inadequate for customers atop the Palisades.
The tower was designed to accomplish two separate purposes in one structure. The tower housed the local headquarters of the Hackensack Water Company, and allowed clean water to be stored in a tank at the top of the structure, stored under pressure for use by residents, businesses and for fighting fires. The opening of the facility on September 29, 1883 was a major event, with Withers recognized by professional journals for the innovation of his design. The "Red Tower" is listed on the Federal Maritime Chart as a landmark for ships heading south on the Hudson River to let them know that they are approaching New York Harbor.
The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. Entin Associates, a real-estate developer, purchased the complex in 1981 for $1.6 million. The gatehouse and reservoir were razed for the construction of a supermarket and parking. The tower was spared demolition and structurally maintained.
The township of Weehawken took over the property in 2000, and began a restoration project for Water Tower Park. Paragon Restoration Corporation completed eight months of restoration on the site's exteriors in September 2004, with slate replaced on the roof, stonework fixed at the base and windows replaced. New steel supports and wood floors were installed in the interior, and space was left to accommodate an elevator and fire staircase. In October 2005, a plaza park was created at the base of the tower. Restoration of the interior of the tower has begun. In 2010, as part of the town's 150th anniversary, interior brickwork was cleaned while maintaining its historical appearance.
Hackensack Reservoir No. 2.
Hackensack Reservoir No. 2 was another component of the water company's system in the township, later owned by its successor, United Water. The site, slightly more than 14 acres and the largest piece of undeveloped propertry in North Hudson, is located in Weehawken Heights and is bounded by Highpoint Avenue, Gregory Avenue, 20th Street, and Palisade Avenue, the latter two of which create the border with neighboring Union City. It was built during a period of extensive urbanization of the area in the late 19th century.
The historical marker reads:
United Water announced that it wanted to divest most of the property in early 2011 at an unofficial price of $11.5 million. The company will retain 4.2 acres to build an underground water storage tank to improve water pressure, estimated to cost $25 to $30 million. The Trust for Public Land, which appraised the site, arranged to postpone the sale of the reservoir until the end of the year. 
In 2010 the township began a process to purchase the grounds. The New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection gave the township a $2 million grant in Green Acres funding. A $9 million low interest loan from the department's infrastructure trust program was made with the intention that in the future, as funding permits, additional grants for re-payment would be made. No interest has to be paid on three-quarters of the money and mininal interest on the other one-quarter. The township introduced a bond for $9.2 million. Weehawken and Union City are initially investing $300,000 to transform the gounds into passive recreational space. They will share the annual upkeep of the property. The completed sale was announced in December 2011.
Jersey City Reservoir No. 3.
While not originally part of the Hackensack Water Company infrastructure, another reservoir atop the Hudson Palisades is Jersey City Reservoir No. 3, Also developed at the end of the 19th century in Jersey City Heights, Jersey City. it was closed to the public in the 1970s, and its usage as a municipal water source ended in 1992. Since 2007 it has preserved the open reservoir for the public use as a wild life management area adjacent to Pershing Field. Nearby Reservoir #1 was located on either side of Summit Avenue, and has since been demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="18717991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717991" title="QS Aquilae">
QS Aquilae

QS Aquilae is eclipsing binary of Algol type.

</doc>
<doc id="18717995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18717995" title="Ligustrum quihoui">
Ligustrum quihoui

Ligustrum quihoui (waxyleaf privet, 小叶女贞 "xiao ye nu zhen") is a shrubby, semi-evergreen to evergreen privet from China, one to three meters high. It is noted for its large sparse flowering panicles of scented white flowers, borne late in the growing season, for which it is sometimes grown in gardens. Like some other members of the genus, "L. quihoui" has become an invasive species in forested areas of the southeastern United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18718001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718001" title="Tal-El">
Tal-El

Tal El (, "lit." God's Dew) is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee between Acre and Karmiel, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 929.
The village was established in 1980 by ten families from the Soviet Union and two from Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="18718008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718008" title="Pierre Berès">
Pierre Berès

Pierre Berès (18 June 1913 – 28 July 2008) was a French bookseller and antiquarian book collector. He was described as "the king of French booksellers" in his "New York Times" obituary and as "a legendary figure in the world of art, collecting and publishing" by French culture minister Christine Albanel.
Biography.
Born in Stockholm, Sweden with the surname Berestov, he grew up in Paris and attended Lycée Louis-le-Grand. He began as an autograph collector and quickly moved to books. His fast rise in the world of bookselling included liquidating collections of financially unstable French aristocrats and American millionaires, including Mortimer Schiff and Cortlandt Field Bishop.
He opened a New York branch of his bookstore in 1937, and his Paris shop weathered World War II. He befriended Pablo Picasso after the war. Henri Matisse chose Berès' bookstore to exhibit his "Jazz" series of prints. In 1956 he acquired science publisher Éditions Hermann. He was awarded the Legion of Honor.
Rare finds included the manuscript of Louis-Ferdinand Céline's "Voyage au bout de la nuit" and Arthur Rimbaud's "Une Saison en Enfer" inscribed by the author to Paul Verlaine.
In 2005, he closed his bookstore in Paris and sold his collection of 12,000 books, which earned over 35 million euros in a series of auctions. He retired to Saint-Tropez, where he died.

</doc>
<doc id="18718009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718009" title="Rienk Jelgerhuis">
Rienk Jelgerhuis

Rienk Jelgerhuis (13 April 1729 – 17 April 1806) was a Dutch painter, engraver and draftsman.
Jelgerhuis was born in Leeuwarden. He mainly made his fame as a travelling portrait-painter and has no fewer than 7,763 portraits standing to his credit. He taught his son, Johannes Jelgerhuis, who became an accomplished painter, illustrator and actor. Rienk Jelgerhuis died in Amsterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="18718027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718027" title="Eugen Kvaternik Square">
Eugen Kvaternik Square

Eugen Kvaternik Square (, also known as "Kvaternikov trg" or nicknamed "Kvaternjak" or "Kvatrić" by locals) is a square located on the border between Maksimir, Gornji Grad - Medveščak and Donji Grad city districts of Zagreb, Croatia. It marks the intersection of Vlaška Street, Dragutin Domjanić Street, Maksimirska Street, Vjekoslav Heinzel Avenue and Pavao Šubić Avenue. Kvaternik Square is one of the most frequented squares in Zagreb.
The square has recently undergone a large renovation project. The renewed square incorporates an underground parking garage. However, the renewal has been met with resistance from nearby inhabitants.
The square is a major transport hub within Zagreb, with ZET tram routes 4, 5, 7, 11, 12 and 13 traversing or terminating at the square.

</doc>
<doc id="18718028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718028" title="The Serpentwar Saga">
The Serpentwar Saga

The Serpentwar Saga is a series of fantasy novels set in Midkemia by the author Raymond E. Feist. The novels revolve around two characters, Erik von Darkmoor and Roo Avery and also includes a host of previous characters from past novels, including Nakor, Pug, Macros the Black, Calis and Jimmy. It tells of the struggles of the Kingdom against a massive army on the distant continent of Novindus.
Works in the series.
"Shadow of a Dark Queen".
A dark queen is gathering armies in remote lands and desperate men are sent on a suicidal mission to confront this evil. Among these men is Nakor the Isalani, a gambler who knows the true nature of the Queen and Miranda whom everyone must wager their lives upon.
"Rise of a Merchant Prince".
This is the second novel in the series and details the rise of Roo Avery to becoming one of the richest merchants in the Kingdom, and Eriks career at soldiering.
"Rage of a Demon King".
This is the third novel in the series which finds the armies of Novindus reaching The Kingdom and the intervention of a new player in the war. The book was reviewed as "gripping" but containing "pedestrian use of language".
"Shards of a Broken Crown".
This is the final novel in the series which finds the Kingdom embroiled in a war against armies intent on taking over the Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="18718030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718030" title="Eye of the Widow">
Eye of the Widow

Eye of the Widow is an 1988 French-American action film directed by Andrew V. McLaglen.
It was written by Joshua Sauli as an adaptation of two Gérard de Villiers' novels of his "SAS series" about the Austrian secret agent Malko Linge. It stars Richard Young as Malko Linge along with Mel Ferrer, Ben Cross, Paul L. Smith, F. Murray Abraham and Susannah Hoffman.

</doc>
<doc id="18718032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718032" title="Twiggs Academy">
Twiggs Academy

Twiggs Academy is a private, Christian, college preparatory school near Jeffersonville, Georgia, United States about 20 miles south of Macon. Classes are offered for kindergarten through twelfth grade in a traditional classroom setting. Over 90% of Twiggs Academy graduates attend college.
The current headmaster is Dediere Fountain.
Twiggs Academy is a member of the Georgia Independent School Association (GISA).
Mission.
Twiggs Academy strives to provide a safe and orderly climate for learning and for challenging each student to achieve maximum potential through an educational program that promotes excellence and places Christ at the center of all.
Philosophy.
Twiggs Academy believes that the Christian education is based on the belief that mankind finds spiritual salvation and fulfilment in a personal relationship with Jesus Christ (Ephesians 1:7). Children are viewed as individuals created by God with unique abilities and capabilities. Twiggs Academy and parents partner together to educate children as total persons spiritually, intellectually, socially, physically, and culturally.
History.
Twiggs Academy was established in 1970 by a group of Twiggs County parents who believed that the Middle Georgia area needed an independent college preparatory school.
Today Twiggs Academy is a nondenominational Christian School. Twiggs Academy admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school. It does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin in administration of its education policies, admission policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other school administered programs.
A large gymnasium, a modern media center and science lab, a library, baseball, softball, and football fields, and a cafeteria are located on the Twiggs Academy Campus.
Athletics.
Twiggs Academy competes in Baseball, Men's and Women's Basketball, Football, Softball, Track, Golf, and Tennis. Twiggs Academy participates in the Georgia Independent School Association (GISA), and the Independent Christian Schools of Georgia and Alabama (ICSGA). The Trojans are a member of GISA Region 2 A.
Twiggs Academy has won 6 State Championships:
- 1980-1981 Men's Basketball. Class A.
- 1981-1982 Women's Basketball. Class A.
- 1993-1994 Softball. Class AA.
- 1995-1996 Softball. Class AA.
- 1996-1997 Softball. Class AA.
- 2001-2002 Women's Basketball. Class AA.
Football.
Although Twiggs Academy competes in GISA in all other sports, the Trojans play football in the Independent Christian Schools of Georgia and Alabama; a Christian league consisting of teams from Georgia, Florida and
Alabama.
Previously Twiggs Academy played football in GISA. The Trojans fell to Eagle's Landing Christian Academy in the 1996 - 1997 GISA State Championship Game.
Rivalry.
Historically, Twiggs Academy's biggest rivalries were with Trinity Christian School and Cross Keys Christian School. In the mid-90s TA also had rivalries Flint River Academy and Fullington Academy.
Literary.
Twiggs Academy competes in GISA literary competition including events such as: oral interpretation, extemporaneous speaking, trio, quartet, solo, and essay.
Twiggs Academy won its region in literary in 1994 and 1995.
One Act Play.
Twiggs Academy competes in GISA one act play and won the event in its region in 2009.
Twiggs Academy won state in one act play in 2010.
Campus.
A large gymnasium, a modern media center and science lab, a library, baseball, softball, and football fields, and a cafeteria are located on the Twiggs Academy Campus.
Academics.
Twiggs Academy places a premium on quality education and student safety. Most Twiggs Academy graduates go on to further their education at the university level.
A student from Twiggs Academy has won the county Star Student Award since the award began. Because the Star Student Award is awarded to the student with the highest SAT score in the county, this demonstrates the quality of education at Twiggs Academy is superior to the public school in the county.
Twiggs Academy graduates have gone on to further their educations at: The University of Georgia, Georgia Tech, Mercer University, Wesleyan College, Emory University, Mercer Law School, Mercer Pharmacy School, University of Georgia College of Pharmacy, Medical College of Georgia, Georgia State University, Georgia Military College, The University of Mississippi, George Washington University, Valdosta State University, Georgia Southern University, Fort Valley State University, Middle Georgia College, Georgia College & State University, and many other fine institutions of higher learning.
In addition to undergraduate degrees, Twiggs Academy graduates have earned advanced and professional degrees such as: PhD, PharmD, Juris Doctor, MD, MBA, Master of Laws, Master of Education, Doctor of Education, and many others.
Public Service.
Twiggs Academy graduates fill many local offices in Twiggs County, Jeffersonville, Danville, and other municipalities throughout the State of Georgia including Coroner, Probate Judge, Tax Assessor, Tax Commissioner, Clerk of Court, City Council, Mayor, Assistant District Attorney and various other offices. 
TA Alumni have also served in every branch of the United States Armed Forces.

</doc>
<doc id="18718039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718039" title="Murray Ridge Ski Area">
Murray Ridge Ski Area

Murray Ridge Ski Area, also known as Murray Ridge Ski Hill, is a small ski resort located near Fort St. James, British Columbia, Canada. The area has been in operation since the 1976-77 ski season and is managed by the Fort St. James Ski Club. The facilities include a 6,000 sq. ft. daylodge. The area's T-Bar is reputed to be the longest in the world. Development of the area, which began with only two rope-tows, was assisted by Al Raine.
Base elevation is 2,299' with a summit elevation of 4,038 ft, yielding a vertical drop of 1,739 feet. There are twenty-two runs and an average annual snowfall of 300 cm (118 in). 20 km of cross-country trails are adjacent to the ski hill.

</doc>
<doc id="18718040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718040" title="Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation">
Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation

The Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation (Kauffman Foundation) is a non-profit foundation based in Kansas City, Missouri. 
Overview.
It has an asset base of $2 billion. The Kauffman Foundation states that its vision is to foster "a society of economically independent individuals who are engaged citizens, contributing to the improvement of their communities". It focuses its grant making and operations on two areas: advancing entrepreneurship and improving the education of children and youth. Established in the mid-1960s by the late entrepreneur and philanthropist Ewing Marion Kauffman, founder of Marion Laboratories, the Kauffman Foundation is the largest American foundation to focus on entrepreneurship. Benno C. Schmidt, Jr. has served as interim President and CEO since former President Carl Schramm retired at the end of 2011.
In entrepreneurship, the foundation works nationwide to advance an entrepreneurial society in which job creation, innovation, and the economy prosper. Associates of the Kauffman Foundation work with educators, researchers, and other partners to understand the economic impact of entrepreneurship, train the next generation of entrepreneurial leaders, develop and disseminate programs that enhance entrepreneurial skills and abilities, and improve the environment in which entrepreneurs start and grow businesses.
In education, the foundation works to improve the academic achievement of disadvantaged children, particularly in Kansas City’s urban core. Associates of the foundation work with partners to support programs that directly impact a child’s academic achievement, with a concentrated focus on math, science, engineering and technology skills. Through a comprehensive ten-year initiative to significantly improve math and science education in Greater Kansas City, the Kauffman Foundation hopes to help create a national model for how to prepare the next generation of entrepreneurs and workers needed in the United States.
Entrepreneurship.
The Kauffman Foundation seeks to further understand the phenomenon of entrepreneurship, to advance entrepreneurship education and training efforts, to promote entrepreneurship-friendly policies, and to better facilitate the commercialization of new technologies by entrepreneurs and others, which show promise for improving the economic welfare of our nation.
Major Initiatives
The foundation originated the Kauffman Fellows Program for venture capitalists, promoting the growth of global innovation investment.
Education.
Ewing Kauffman believed that investments in education should lead students on a path to self-sufficiency, preparing them to hold good-paying jobs, raise their families, and become productive citizens. The youth education programs supported by the Kauffman Foundation focus on advancing student achievement in math, engineering, technology and science. The foundation also hopes to introduce students to entrepreneurship and explore the future of learning.
Major Initiatives
Research and policy.
To develop effective programs and help inform policy that will best advance entrepreneurship and education, the Kauffman Foundation's research initiatives are designed to provide a broader and more in-depth understanding of what drives innovation and economic growth.
The foundation publishes the Kauffman Index of Entrepreneurial Activity, a leading indicator of new business creation in the United States.
In May 2012, the foundation published a report on the performance of venture capital, showing that VC returns haven't significantly outperformed the public market since the 1990s, and that "the average VC fund fails to return investor capital after fees".
In 2009, with support from the Kauffman Foundation, professor Vivek Wadhwa conducted a study on the impact of foreign-born entrepreneurs and restrictive visa policies on the American economy, showing that in 25% of the U.S. science and technology companies founded from 1995 to 2005, the chief executive or lead technologist was foreign-born (the proportion is 52% in Silicon Valley), and that in 2005, these companies generated $52 billion in revenue and employed 450,000 workers.
Advancing innovation.
The Kauffman Foundation believes more can be done to rapidly and efficiently commercialize innovations developed by university researchers. Foundation associates study the reasons the system is not more productive, work with universities, philanthropists, and industry to ensure greater output, and ultimately grow the number of university-based technologies that become breakthrough products and services.
Major Initiatives
Partnership

</doc>
<doc id="18718047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718047" title="Manof">
Manof

Manof () is a community settlement in the Misgav Regional Council in northern Israel. It is located on Mount Shekhanya in the Lower Galilee, about 30 km northeast of Haifa. Manof's average elevation is 382 meters above sea level.
According to the Israel Central Bureau of Statistics [http://www.cbs.gov.il/ishuvim/ishuv2011/bycode.xls], as of 2011 Manof had a population of 687, in 154 households.
History.
The village was established in 1980 by a group of immigrants from South Africa.
Town facilities.
As of 2011, Manof includes 154 single-family detached homes. Additional town facilities include a grocery store, preschools for children aged 1–6 (up to kindergarten), a playground, ball courts (for soccer, tennis and basketball), a synagogue, a small library, and a small petting zoo.
Beyond kindergarten, there are no schools inside Manof. Most Manof children go, via school bus, to the Har Shekhanya elementary school in the adjacent town of Shekhanya (for grades 1-6), and then for grades 7-12 go to the Misgav highschool in the nearby (10 minute drive) Misgav regional council center. The council center houses various other facilities, such as healthcare, a gym and pool, a library, after-school activities for children, and more.
There are only a few small places of business in Manof's industrial zone, including a small chocolate factory, a plant nursery, an art therapy studio and a sport shop. A few other residents have a home business, or work from home. But the majority of the Manof residents work outside Manof, often nearby cities such as Haifa or Karmiel. As such, Manof is often considered a commuter town.
Politics.
In the 2009 elections, 317 people voted in Manof. 44% of the votes went to Kadima, 26% went to the Israeli Labor Party, 10% to each of Meretz and Likud, 5% to the Green Movement and 2% or less to other parties.
In the 2013 elections, 361 people voted in Manof. 29% of the votes went to the Israeli Labor Party, 29% went to Yesh Atid, 19% to Meretz, 10% to Hatnuah, 6% to Likud and 2% or less to other parties.
Fun Run.
The "Manof Fun Run" is an annual tradition kept in Manof since 1980. The Fun Run is an amateur running event, going uphill along the road into Manof. The video linked below which shows life in Manof in 1980 centers around that year's Manof Fun Run.
The Fun Run started as a local Manof event, but in recent years has become popular with residents of other towns in the Misgav area, and is now formally named the "Misgav Race". The race is actually several races of different lengths (2.5 km to 10 km), and a 2 km non-competitive family run. All races end in the center of Manof, where runners and their families can find food stands, art activities, and other attractions.

</doc>
<doc id="18718048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718048" title="Chomski">
Chomski

chomski virtual machine (named after the noted linguist Noam Chomsky) and pp (the pattern parser) refer to both a command line computer language and utility (interpreter for that language) which can be used to parse and transform text patterns. The utility reads input files character by character (sequentially), applying the operation which has been specified via the command line or a "pp script", and then outputs the line. It was developed from 2006 as a Unix and Windows utility, and is available today for Windows and Linux systems. Pp has derived a number of ideas and syntax elements from Sed, a command line text stream editor.
Features.
The chomski language uses many ideas taken from sed, the Unix stream editor. For example, sed includes two virtual variables or data buffers, known as the "pattern space" and the "hold space". These two variables constitute an extremely simple virtual machine. In the Chomski language this virtual machine has been augmented with several new buffers or registers along with a number of commands to manipulate these buffers.
The chomski virtual machine includes a tape data structure as well as a stack (data structure), along with a "workspace" (which is the equivalent of the sed "pattern space" and a number of other buffers of lesser importance. This virtual machine is designed specifically to be apt for the parsing of formal languages. This parsing process traditionally involves two phases; the lexical analysis phase and the formal grammar phase. During the lexical analysis phase as series of tokens are generated. These tokens are then used as the input for a set of formal grammar rule. The chomski virtual machine uses the stack to hold these tokens and uses the tape structure to hold the attributes of these parse tokens. In a pp 
script, these two phases, lexing and parsing, are combined in one 
script file. A series of command words are used to manipulate the different data structures of the virtual machine.
Purpose and Motivation.
The purpose of the pp tool is to parse and transform text patterns. The text patterns conform to the rules provided in a formal language and include many context free languages. Whereas traditional Unix tools (such as awk, sed, grep, etc.) process text one line at a time, and use regular expressions to search or transform text, the pp tool processes text one character at a time and can use context free grammars to transform (or compile) the text. However, in common with the Unix philosophy, the pp tool works upon plain text streams, encoded according to the locale of the local computer, and produces as output another plain text stream, allowing the pp tool to be used as part of a standard pipeline.
The motivation for the creation of the pp tool and the chomski virtual machine was to allow the writing of parsing scripts, rather than having to resort to traditional parsing tools such as Lex and Yacc.
Usage.
The following example shows a typical use of chomski, where the "-s" option indicates that the chomski expression follows:
In the above script, only text within brackets would be saved in the output file.
Under Unix (and Windows), chomski can be used as a filter in a pipeline:
That is, generate the data, and then make the small change of replacing "x" with "y".
Several commands can be put together in a file called, for example, "substitute.chom" and then be applied using the "-f" option to read the commands from the file:
Besides substitution, other forms of simple processing are possible. For example, the following uses the "plus" and "count" commands to count the number of lines in a file:
This example used some of the following metacharacters and language features:
Complex chomski constructs are possible, allowing it to serve as a simple, but highly specialised, programming language. Chomski has only one flow control statement (apart from the test structures codice_3, codice_1, codice_8 etc.), namely the "check" command, which jumps back to the @@ label (no other labels are permitted).
History.
The idea for chomski arose from the limitations of regular expression engines which use a "line by line" paradigm, and the limitations on parsing nested text patterns with regular expressions. chomski evolved as a natural progression from the grep and sed command. Development began approximately in 2006 and continued sporadically.
Limitations.
Chomski is not a general purpose programming language. Like sed it is designed for a limited type of usage. It currently does not support unicode strings, since the current implementation uses standard C character arrays. Chomski does not currently have a debugger for debugging complex scripts.

</doc>
<doc id="18718081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718081" title="Collarity">
Collarity

Collarity is a privately funded web services company based in Palo Alto, California that provides a recommendation system, social search, and online advertising services for web publishers.
Company history.
Collarity was co-founded in 2005 by Levy Cohen and Emil Ismalon based on the idea that data related to web user interactions with web content (sometimes referred to as passive filtering) could be used to improve search relevance, as an alternative to the historical emphasis on link analysis or explicit user feedback systems. The company was officially launched in November 2006.
Technology Focus.
Collarity's technology is focused in the area of collaborative filtering attempting to leverage anonymous implicit web user data (e.g., articles/videos searched on or clicked), as opposed to explicit metadata such as tagging or rating, with the goal of creating an information value hierarchy. The intent is for this base of behavioral knowledge to ultimately make specific information more findable for specific online audience segments.
The technology is related to currently popular notions of The Wisdom of Crowds, "harnessing collective intelligence" (a core tenet of Tim O'Reilly's original Web 2.0 definition), and "the database of intentions" (a phrase coined by John Battelle in his book ). Collarity's technology development has been mentioned in several search innovation articles and has been highlighted in others.
In July 13, 2010, the United States Patent and Trademark Office issued to Collarity a U.S. Patent No. 7,756,855, entitled “SEARCH PHRASE REFINEMENT BY SEARCH TERM REPLACEMENT”
http://patft.uspto.gov/netacgi/nph-Parser?Sect1=PTO1&Sect2=HITOFF&d=PALL&p=1&u=%2Fnetahtml%2FPTO%2Fsrchnum.htm&r=1&f=G&l=50&s1=7,756,855.PN.&OS=PN/7,756,855&RS=PN/7,756,855
Products.
Collarity delivers what they call an audience engagement platform enabling web publishers to guide their web visitors to relevant content based on the historical content consumption patterns of previous site customer segments. The platform also enables web publishers to dynamically target advertising based on how specific site segments have responded to ads in the past.

</doc>
<doc id="18718082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718082" title=".22 BR Remington">
.22 BR Remington

The .22 Bench Rest Remington cartridge, commonly referred to as the .22 BR Remington, is a wildcat cartridge commonly used in varmint hunting and benchrest shooting. It is based on the .308 x 1½ inch Barnes cartridge, necked down to .22 caliber, lengthened by .020 inches and with the shoulder angle increased to 30°. It was first developed in approximately 1963 by Jim Stekl, and in 1978 Remington standardized the dimensions. It is renowned for its high velocities and excellent accuracy.

</doc>
<doc id="18718087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718087" title="British Columbia Summer Swimming Association">
British Columbia Summer Swimming Association

The British Columbia Summer Swimming Association (BCSSA) is a competitive aquatics program in British Columbia, Canada. The organization offers competition in four disciplines: Speed Swimming, Water polo, Diving, and Synchronized Swimming. BCSSA celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2008.
Competitive Season.
The summer season officially runs from May 1 to September 30 of each year; however, the competitive season is completed during the 3rd week in August with no competitions occurring following this date. During the off-season from October 1 to April 30, participation in each of the disciplines is limited on a weekly basis.
Regions and Clubs.
The organization is composed of 60 teams from around the province of British Columbia, with two exceptions. One team is located in Yukon Territory, Canada, and a second is located in Washington, USA.
For early season competitions and organizational administration, the province is divided into eight regions: Cariboo, Fraser South, Fraser Valley, Kootenay, Okanagan, Simon Fraser, Vancouver and District, and Vancouver Island.

</doc>
<doc id="18718088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718088" title="Lavon, Israel">
Lavon, Israel

Lavon () is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee four kilometres north of Karmiel, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 268.
The village was established in 1980 and was named after former Minister of Defence Pinchas Lavon.

</doc>
<doc id="18718099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718099" title="Dolgaya Spit">
Dolgaya Spit

The Dolgaya Spit () is a sandy spit in the Sea of Azov. Length is 17 km, the width is about 500 m. The spit is located in Yeysky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia. It separates Taganrog Bay from the Sea of Azov.
Dolgaya Spit is a landscape nature sanctuary of Krasnodar Krai with unique sandy beaches, quite deep sea, fresh-water lakes, rich animal world and flora.
Dolzhanskaya village is located at the basis of Dolgaya Spit.

</doc>
<doc id="18718104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718104" title="John Foley (author)">
John Foley (author)

Cedric John Foley MBE (7 March 1917 – 8 November 1974) was a British army officer, author, broadcaster, and public relations specialist.
He was educated at St Mary's College, Crosby and the Royal Military Academy, Sandhurst. A regular soldier between 1936 and 1954, he was made MBE for his services to the Royal Armoured Corps during the Second World War.
His love of tanks was reflected in "The Boilerplate War", a book of recollections of the early days of armoured warfare, and "Mailed Fist", telling of his tank exploits in Normandy in 1944. He drew on his military experience in several other successful novels, including "Death of a Regiment" and "Bull and Brass".
He spent five years as a military reporter and later served in the Directorate of Public Relations at the War Office.
On retiring from the Army, he continued in public relations, and became prominent as a consultant, being particularly concerned with the problems of American-owned businesses in Britain. He was also a director of Campbell-Johnson Ltd.
A man of wide interests, he was also known as a broadcaster and scriptwriter, and was military advisor to the popular ITV comedy show, "The Army Game".
He is also the author of two screenplay novelisations, published in paperback as media tie-ins, which some sources erroneously list as original novels upon which the films were based, although each book cover states that it is "the book of the film", and cites its screenplay origins and authors.
What's notable about these books, and is doubtless the reason why Foley was given the commissions to write them, is that they have direct bearing on his expertise as a military man and historian: "Man in the Moon" portrays and has fun with a fictional, early manned space program backed by the British government; and "Very Important Person" is a WWII escapade about how an unflappable professor of high government standing arranges to break out of a German prisoner of war camp. Despite their stories being lighthearted comedies, both films treat their respective scientific and military details credibly, and Foley particularizes that treatment even further in his prose adaptations, wherein humorous style and wordplay are infused with the authenticity of a narrator who knows his milieus well.

</doc>
<doc id="18718114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718114" title="Karmiraghbyur">
Karmiraghbyur

Karmiraghbyur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18718119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718119" title="North Carolina Highway 141">
North Carolina Highway 141

North Carolina Highway 141 (NC 141) is a North Carolina state highway connecting Marble to a community just outside Murphy known as Peachtree.
Route description.
The entire length of NC 141 is contained within Cherokee County, NC. The northern terminus is at US 19/US 129/US 74, at Marble Road in Marble; the southern terminus is at US 64 Alternate in Murphy.
The route serves as an important transportation link across Cherokee County, providing access for traffic from Marble and Andrews to the Peachtree community, where Murphy Medical Center, the area's only major hospital, and Tri-County Community College are located. Conversely, the reverse route provides quick access from these areas, as well as Hayesville, to the Andrews-Murphy Airport (KRHP).
The route passes through several small communities along the way from Marble to Peachtree, including Vengeance Creek and Rowland Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="18718132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718132" title="Lori Hope Lefkovitz">
Lori Hope Lefkovitz

Lori Hope Lefkovitz (born May 6, 1956) is the Ruderman Professor and Director of Jewish Studies at Northeastern University and founding director of Kolot: The Center for Jewish Women and Gender Studies, the first such center at a rabbinical seminary. 
A graduate of Brandeis University, Lefkovitz received her M.A. and Ph.D. in English from Brown University and was a recipient of a Woodrow Wilson dissertation fellowship in women's studies, a Golda Meir post-doctoral fellowship at Hebrew University, a post-doctoral fellowship at the Institute of the Philadelphia Association for Psychoanalysis, and in 2004, a Fulbright Professorship at Hebrew University. She was previously an Associate Professor at Kenyon College.
Among the courses she teaches or has taught at RRC are: Literary Approaches to Bible; Bible and the Feminist Imagination; Writing for the Rabbinate; Gender and Judaism; Queering Jewish Studies; Jewish Literature.
Since Kolot's founding in 1996, Lefkovitz has convened a landmark conference, together with the Renfrew Center, on Food, Body Image & Judaism, which examined eating disorders; established the Rosh Hodesh: “It’s a girl thing!” program, that has popularly been adopted across the country; and, together with Ma’yan, co-founded Ritualwell.org, a Web site for contemporary Jewish ritual now maintained exclusively by Kolot, with Lefkovitz its Executive Editor. Through a joint initiative, she established a program with Temple University awarding a certificate in Jewish Women's Studies.
Lefkovitz serves on editorial and professional boards and lectures widely to academic and Jewish audiences. She is married to Rabbi Leonard Gordon, spiritual leader of Mishkan Tefila in Chestnut Hill, MA, with whom she has two daughters.
Publications.
Widely published in the fields of literature, critical theory, and Jewish Women's Studies, her articles, book chapters, and reviews have appeared in "Nashim"; "Narrative"; "The Women's Passover Companion"; "Lilith"; "Sh'ma Magazine"; "The Reconstructionist"; "Hebrew University Studies in Literature and the Arts"; "Gender and Judaism"; "Lifecycles"; "Kerem"; "The Kenyon Review"; "A Mensch Among Men"; "Sister to Sister"; and "Contemporary Critical Theory". 

</doc>
