<doc id="18718139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718139" title="Gilbert Gerard (judge)">
Gilbert Gerard (judge)

Sir Gilbert Gerard (died 4 February 1593) was a prominent lawyer, politician, and landowner of the Tudor period. He was returned six times as a member of the English parliament for four different constituencies. He was Attorney-General for more than twenty years during the reign of Elizabeth I, as well as vice-chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, and later served as Master of the Rolls. He acquired large estates, mainly in Lancashire and Staffordshire.
Background.
Gerard was born before 1523. He was the son of James Gerard of Astley and Ince, Lancashire, who was descended from the Gerards of Bryn, Ashton in Makerfield, Lancashire, and Kingsley, Cheshire. The Gerard family had lived at Ince, near Wigan, since the late 14th century. However, James was probably a younger son, so it was not expected that he or Gilbert would inherit the family estates.
The Gerard family became wealthy and distinguished in the reign of Elizabeth I, although Sir Gilbert was the most successful of them. Owing to repeated use of the same names in the Gerard family, Sir Gilbert's relatives are easily confused. Sir Gilbert was a cousin of the distinguished judge and administrator Sir William Gerard, who ended his career as Lord Chancellor of Ireland. However, he also had a younger brother called William, who served as MP for Preston and Wigan and died in 1584, and a nephew William by that brother, who also served as MP for Wigan and died in 1609. Still more confusing, Sir William, the Lord Chancellor of Ireland had a son called Gilbert, who served as MP for Chester in 1593.
Gilbert's mother was Margaret Holcroft, daughter of John Holcroft of Holcroft, Lancashire. The Holcrofts were another rising landed gentry family. Margaret had two brothers: Sir John Holcroft and Sir Thomas Holcroft. Both distinguished themselves in the Anglo-Scottish Wars, served as MP for Lancashire, and profited from speculation in monastic lands at the Dissolution of the Monasteries, although it was Sir Thomas, the younger brother, who had the more successful and varied career, building up a substantial estate around the estates of the former Vale Royal Abbey. Sir John, heir to the family estates, speculated in wardships, and it was through one of these that Gilbert Gerard's marriage was arranged, to Anne Radcliffe or Ratcliffe. Sir John addressed Gerard as "cousin", a term also used for their relationship by the History of Parliament. "Cousin" was used in the 16th century more widely for blood relatives than in modern English: Sir John and Sir Thomas were Gerard's uncles.
Education.
Gerard spent some time at the University of Cambridge but did not graduate, as was typical at the time.
He entered Gray's Inn in 1537, when he was proably still about 16, and was called to the bar in 1539. He seems to have been an outstanding student and was honoured by the Inn several times in later life. In 1554 he was elected Autumn Reader, an important post with both academic and administrative responsibilities, and in 1556 he served as Treasurer.
Allegiance to Gray's Inn became a family tradition and it served as a power base for the family. Gerard installed himself in a room there and was generally styled "of Gray's Inn". His nephew William later moved into the room too and added an office above it for his own use, and Thomas Holcroft, Sir Thomas's son, was also admitted to Gray's Inn in 1588.
Parliamentary career.
Gerard's parliamentary career was interwoven with his progress as a lawyer. He was returned to parliament a total of six times, four of them in the reign of Mary.
Gerard was first returned returned as MP in 1545 for Liverpool. The town belonged to the Duchy of Lancaster, and the most important local magnates were the Earls of Derby and the Molyneux family. 1545 may have been the first year Liverpool had returned members for about a century - certainly the first for which records survive. By the early years of Elizabeth's reign, the Earls of Derby and the Duchy of Lancashire were effectively selecting one member each, although it was the mayor and burgesses or freemen who nominally elected the members. Even in 1545, it is likely that Edward Stanley, 3rd Earl of Derby was a decisive influence in handing a seat to Gerard. The two probably already knew each other: Gerard was the earl's legal counsel by 1562 - perhaps much earlier. Another influential supporter would have been Gerard's uncle, Sir Thomas Holcroft, who was an official of the Duchy of Lancaster and held the Liverpool fee-farm of the Duchy: he was returned as MP for Lancashire in the same parliament. Gerard was returned as junior to the other member, Nicholas Cutler, a client of Charles Brandon, 1st Duke of Suffolk. The influence of the Molyneux family grew subsequently and Sir William Molyneux and his son acquired joint control of the Liverpool fee-farm later in 1545, often coming into confrontation with Derby and the civic officials. This may have played a part in Gerard's move to a safer seat in later elections.
Gerard was elected as MP for Wigan in March and October 1553: the last parliament of Edward VI and the first of Mary's reign. The lord of the manor of Wigan was the rector, and members of the Gerard family had purchased the advowson, making them extremely influential in local government, which was divided between the rector and the civic officials of the borough. As Wigan was part of the Duchy and the County palatine of Lancaster, duchy officials had considerable influence. The Earl of Derby was an also an important figure locally. The senior MP in 1547 and for the next five elections was Alexander Barlow, a member of the Earl's council and soon to be his brother-in-law. All this favoured Gerard, although it is likely his own relatives were his most decisive allies: the High Sheriff of Lancashire, the returning officer, in 1553 was Sir Thomas Gerard, a cousin.
In April 1554 Gerard was returned as MP for Steyning, Sussex. Steyning had belonged to Syon Abbey until the Dissolution of the monasteries but now formed part of the royal honour of Petworth. As steward of the honour, the decisive voice in selecting the members belonged to Henry FitzAlan, 19th Earl of Arundel, a religious conservative who had supported the Somerset faction under Edward VI and was now a key supporter of Queen Mary and Lord Steward of her household. Significantly, he was happy to support Gerard. Sir Thomas Holcroft, Gerard's uncle was returned for the neighbouring constituency of Arundel, where almost all the members in the 16th century were nominated by the earls. However, for the 1555 election Gerard returned to Wigan, again being returned as junior to Barlow.
Gerard seems to have done little as a member of parliament. His name does not appear in the records, even though, as a rising lawyer, he would have been useful in drafting and reviewing bills. It is clear, however, that he broadly supported Mary's regime. If he had not, his name would appear on either he list of those who "stood for the true religion" in 1553-4, or among those who supported Sir Anthony Kingston in the 1555 parliament, or on the list of government opponents kept by William More. Despite his reputation as a staunch Protestant supporter of Elizabeth, Gerard appears in fact to have been essentially conservative, accepting the existing regime irrespective of religious policy. Elizabeth probably promoted him because of his proven competence as an advocate, not his ideological purity.
Only once more did Gerard secure election to parliament, and that much later in life. On 18 November 1584 he was returned as member for Lancashire. As the county seats were dominated by the Duchy of Lancaster and the Earls of Derby, Gerard would have had a good chance in Lancashire at any time. However, he was by now vice-chancellor of the Duchy, so the result was not in question. He was returned as senior knight of the shire, together with Richard Molyneux. As he was already Master of the Rolls, he was required to attend the House of Lords, although not a peer. Consequently he was unable to sit in the House of Commons. In January of the following year he was replaced as MP by Richard Bold, a powerful local landowner whose wife was a known recusant and who had recently been reported to Burghley as a recusant himself.
Legal career.
Barrister.
Information about Gerard's career before the accession of Elizabeth I is scanty and not always reliable. He was made an Ancient - a barrister qualified to practise independently - in 1547. The first mention of him as an advocate is in Edmund Plowden's "Commentaries", relating to Michaelmas term 1554. According to a tradition found in William Dugdale's "Baronage of England", Gerard represented Elizabeth when she was examined by the Privy Council:
However, this is certainly not entirely true. Gerard cannot have spent much, if any time in prison, as he was appointed permanent counsel by the City of London in October 1554, and represented Wigan in the English parliament for the third time in 1555. Nor can he have incurred the wrath of Mary, as he was made a Serjeant-at-law, one of a small and extremely powerful group of barristers with exclusive rights to work in the Court of Common Pleas towards the end of her reign - an appointment that lapsed on her death. He was made Justice of the Peace in five counties by 1559, many of them probably in Mary's reign: Bedfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Cambridgeshire, Cheshire and Huntingdonshire. However, it is certainly true that Gerard was much favoured by Elizabeth and one of a small group of lawyers who were quickly installed in important offices to consolidate the new regime.
Attorney-General.
Gerard was made Attorney-General on 22 January 1559, a week after Elizabeth's coronation, still a young man for such a senior legal post. He was early deputed to Ireland, where he helped reform the procedure of the Court of Exchequer and drew up new rules for collecting the Queen's rent. He sat as a judge on trials including that of John Hales in 1564.
Much of his work was ecclesiastical and he was appointed to the Ecclesiastical Commission by 1564. In 1567 he helped Matthew Parker, the Archbishop of Canterbury, in reforming Merton College, Oxford. From 1561 he represented the University of Cambridge whenever he was not engaged as a justice, and in 1571 he was thanked by the University for his work in securing the passage of an Act of Parliament confirming its charters and privileges.
Gerard was appointed to key positions in the administration or judiciary all over the country. He was made Justice of the Peace in Norfolk and Suffolk, and later in Lancashire. In 1573 he was appointed Custos Rotulorum of Middlesex, the county's senior administrative official.
Gerard was actively involved in defending Elizabeth against plots and revolts. In 1570, he was a member of a commission trying participants in the Rising of the North of the previous year, sitting mainly at York and Durham. In 1571 he assisted in the interrogation and prosecution of participants in the Ridolfi plot. He devised the questions put to the Duke of Norfolk, John Lesley, the Earl of Northumberland, Lord Lumley and others. In the following year he seconded Nicholas Barham in the prosecutions of Norfolk and his secretary, Robert Higford: the only two State Trials of his term of office.
With Thomas Bromley, the Solicitor General from 1569, Gerard had to settle many problems of jurisdiction. One of the most important concerned an attempt in 1576 by Worcester and Worcestershire to shake off the authority of the Council of Wales and the Marches - a bid which Gerard and Bromley turned down. Gerard must have been disappointed that it was Bromley, about a decade younger than himself, who was appointed Lord Chancellor and Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in 1579, although he was rewarded with a knighthood in that year.
However, the post of Attorney General was lucrative. It allowed Gerard to acquire wardships, leases and a grant of wine free of duty, and he exercised considerable patronage. Most importantly, it gave him access to a source of wealth and power through the Duchy of Lancaster, which dominated the north-west of England and had been united with the Crown since 1399. The duchy had considerable holdings outside its natural area of influence, and Gerard began by acquiring in 1567 the stewardship of Copt Hall in the honour of Clare, Suffolk, which had been transferred to the duchy by Queen Mary. In the same year he became steward of Rochdale manor, and over the decades increased his stewardships in Clare and became bailiff of the Lancashire hundreds of West Derby and Amounderness. In 1571 he became vice-chancellor of the duchy. Along with the Chancellor, Ralph Sadler, this gave him great political influence. Gerard and Sadler both used their positions to have their sons returned as MPs for Lancaster.
Master of the Rolls.
Gerard was promoted in 1581 to be Master of the Rolls, the chief administrative post in the Court of Chancery and second most senior judge in the land. If the honour was not so great as the Chancellorship, the financial rewards were a great compensation. For example, in 1586 Gerard drew an income of £1,599 5s.3d. from his post, mainly from fines, writs and legal instruments. The posts of the clerks of the petty bag, the examiners and the clerks of the rolls chapel, usher, crier and doorkeeper, his three secretaries and numerous minor posts all fell within his patronage, so he was able to make considerable extra profits from the sale of offices.
As Master of the Rolls, Gerard was still frequently involved in trials. He sat in the case of William Davison, who was the scapegoat for the exacution of Mary, Queen of Scots. Davison was standing in for Francis Walsingham as principal secretary to Elizabeth when the warrant for Mary's execution was signed. Elizabeth then decided to have Mary murdered secretly, but while she was wavering, Davison was present at a Privy Council meeting in Burghley's rooms when it was decided to send the warrant to Fotheringhay Castle. Subsequently, Davison alone had to face Elizabeth's wrath. He was sent to the Star Chamber for trial, where Gerard and his fellow judges sentenced him to a fine of 10,000 marks and imprisonment during the Queen's pleasure. In fact, his fine was remitted and he was released after a few months, even receiving his salary while detained. However, the case is regarded as notorious by legal historians and did not reflect well on the judges involved.
While a distinguished judge, Gerard seems to have been a poor administrator. His departments became increasingly chaotic and slipshod in their work. Bromley died in 1587 and was succeeded by the still younger Christopher Hatton, who survived only until 1591. At this point the Queen and her advisors decided to reorganise the legal departments. The issue of instruments was separated off and placed under the authority of a commission of Privy Councillors. Gerard and the other judges were formed into a second commission to hear cases. The commissions then began to dispute the boundaries of their jurisdiction, while Gerard's commission fell into internal dissension, with other judges refusing to accept his authority. The problems were compounded by his descent into illness, which led to his death on 4 February 1593.
Landowner.
Although not heir to any of the major groups of Gerard family estates, Sir Gilbert was able to build up a large patrimony of his own. He did this mainly by seizing opportunities that came his way through his professional life or family contacts. Through his wife he acquired the Damhouse at Astley. He also had estates in Middlesex, Shropshire and Wiltshire.
Another major purchase was within the family. His cousin, Sir Thomas Gerard of Bryn, was a Catholic and father of the famous Jesuit priest John Gerard. He acquired considerable estates in Derbyshire and Staffordshire, including Etwall through marriage to Elizabeth, daughter of John Port (the younger). He was implicated in a plot to free Mary, Queen of Scots, from Tutbury Castle, close to Etwall. Imprisonment and fines forced him to dispose of some property and he sold to Gilbert Gerard lands around Ashley, Staffordshire. Gilbert built there a very large house, Gerrard's Bromley, which became the seat of his branch of the Gerards.
Marriage and family.
Gerard married Ann Radcliffe or Ratcliffe. She was the daughter of Thomas Ratcliffe of Winmarleigh and of Isabel Boteler. As her father died before she reached the age of majority, she became a ward of Sir Thomas Holcroft, Gerard's uncle. She inherited Damhouse in Astley, which was later sold by her son, Thomas. She remained a Catholic throughout her life.
They had two sons:
They also had at least four daughters who survived infancy:
Death and burial.
Gerard's will was made on 8 January 1593 and probate was on 6 April of that year. He died on 4 February 1593, and was buried at Ashley, Staffordshire, on 6 March. The legal historian Edward Foss points out that William Dugdale reported the year of his death as 1592, and this has been repeated in some accounts. In February 1592 (New Style) Gerard was still working, and around that time was put in charge of the new commission to hear cases in Chancery. The confusion was probably the result of the difference between Old Style and New Style dates. The known details are unusually exact, as the parish register recorded the date of death, not just the burial, as was customary.
In his later years, Gerard had come under suspicion for his religious beliefs. An anonymous letter of 1586 to Walsingham denounced him as "a protestant at London and a papist in Lancashire ... there is no man that so much shifteth papists from the danger of the law as he doth". His wife and two of his daughters, at least, were known Catholics. Many of his descendants, like Richard Gerard of Hilderstone who died in Newgate Prison in 1680, were staunchly Catholic. However, this seems not to be true of his heir, Thomas, who gave specific directions to be buried without ceremony - a provision typical of radical Protestants. In the preamble to his will, Gerard himself expressed his trust in Divine grace, as "there is nothing in any of my works or deeds whereby I can or may challenge or attain unto everlasting life". These words closely echo the Protestant teaching embodied in Article 11 of the Thirty-Nine Articles: ""We are accounted righteous before God, only for the merit of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ by faith, and not for our own works or deservings."" He left plate to his sons-in-law Sir Richard Molyneux, Peter Legh and Richard Hoghton, and to an unmarried daughter, presumably Radclyffe, who was also promised £1,000 towards her wedding. His wife received all her jewels and household equipment, as well as use of his Middlesex house.
Gerard was commemorated by an elaborate memorial in Ashley parish church, which grew and was modified over several generations. The main structure, built under the supervision of Gilbert's son, Thomas, portrays him and Anne, lying in splendour. She has her Talbot dog at her side, while he is in full armour, an uncharacteristic garb for him, with a finely modelled gauntlet at his side. Beneath the Gerards is a cadaver, but, unlike the case of a normal cadaver tomb, it appears to date from an earlier period. The kneeling figure of Thomas Gerard looms over his parents at the head end, vigilant but not in prayer. A smaller kneeling and praying figure, said to be the younger son Ratcliffe, is placed at the feet of the couple. Both kneeling figures are completely free-standing and detached from the main structure, clearly added later and at the sacrifice of part of its the moulded edge. The four daughters of Gilbert and Anne, all of whom survived their parents, are portrayed on a separate rear panel. Two more smaller kneeling and praying female figures, free-standing and detached, are placed to the front of the main structure - possibly daughters who predeceased their parents, but more likely of a later generation. The monument is surmounted by a vast, densely decorated alabaster canopy, displaying the armorial bearings of the Gerards and Radcliffes.
The work was claimed by John Betjeman as the largest Elizabethan monument in England, and said to be executed "under the influence" of Joseph Hollemans, completed about 1612. Joseph, also known as Jasper, Hollemans was the son of Garrett Hollemans, a Dutch sculptor who fled to England in the 1580s and worked from Burton upon Trent, centre of alabaster carving in the 16th and 17th centuries. Joseph worked for clients as illustrious as the House of Cavendish and the Spencer family of Althorp. While there is no evidence that he personally carved the memorial, it is in Burton alabaster of his style and period.

</doc>
<doc id="18718145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718145" title="Wheelhouse (archaeology)">
Wheelhouse (archaeology)

In archaeology, a wheelhouse is a prehistoric structure from the Iron Age found in Scotland. The term was first coined after the discovery of a ruined mound in 1855. The distinctive architectural form related to the complex roundhouses, constitute the main settlement type in the Western Isles, in the closing centuries BC. A total of 62 sites have now been identified in the Northern and Western Isles, and on the north coast of Caithness and Sutherland.
Amateur enthusiasts did some excavation in the 19th century, but professional examination of the sites did not begin until the 1930s, when digs were undertaken at Jarlshof and Gurness. No work of a modern standard was done in the Hebrides until 1946 at Clettreval on North Uist.
Sometimes referred to as "aisled roundhouses" their characteristic features include an outer wall within which a circle of stone piers (bearing a resemblance to the spokes of a wheel) form the basis for lintel arches supporting corbelled roofing with a hearth at the hub. About a third are double-walled. They range in diameter from 4  metres to 11.5 metres. Those sites that have been dated tend to fall within the period 25 BC to 380 AD. In the Northern Isles, 72% are found in association with broch sites, and they are of a later date than these towered structures in all cases. No sites in the west have such an association, an as yet unresolved enigma. The majority are dug into the landscape and only their thatched roofs would have been visible above the ground — although these would have been 6 metres or more in height. Other examples were built above ground, such as Clettraval and Bagh nam Feadag (on Grimsay).
Many sites incorporate animal burials beneath the floor, the most common bones being those of young lambs. Other bone deposits include the heads of a human and a Great Auk at Cnip on Lewis, and sixty bone burials including cattle, sheep and pig at Sollas in North Uist. Five sites include menhirs and fifteen a red and black mortar. These features tends to support the hypothesis that the primary purpose of these buildings was ritualistic. Confusingly therefore, "wheelhouses" are neither wheels, nor perhaps houses.
The highly restricted nature of their geographical locations suggests that they may have been contained within a political or cultural frontier of some kind. The co-incidence of their arrival and departure being associated with the period of Roman influence in Scotland is a matter of ongoing debate.

</doc>
<doc id="18718157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718157" title="Victoria Sanger Freeman">
Victoria Sanger Freeman

Victoria Sanger Freeman (28 September 1895 - August 1991) was an English circus entertainer.
Victoria Florence Sanger Freeman was a legendary figure in the circus world, where she gained and earned the title "the Queen of the Elephants". She was born on 28 September 1895 into a renowned family which was commanded to appear and perform at Windsor Castle by Queen Victoria.
Early life.
Her father having married a cousin, made the young Victoria a Sanger on both sides of the family. She was the great-granddaughter of the original 'Lord' George Sanger. He had bestowed this courtesy peerage on himself when faced with a court battle with Bill Cody, alias Buffalo Bill. On her father's side, she was also a great-granddaughter of Lord George's brother, John. For many years she travelled with the Lord John Sanger Circus (a group of entertainers which had been formed by him). 
Career.
As a young lady, 'Vicky' had established a good reputation within the circus industry before the outbreak of the First World War. As a bareback rider, she worked with a large group of elephants, comprising several magnificent pachyderms: Annie, Betty, Jinny and Tiny. Having gained such an enviable reputation, Sanger Freeman used her gifts and talents in other big tops. For the first two or three years of the Bertram Mills Circus at Olympia, London, which started in 1920, the Sanger family provided the hub of the performances held there. Later, Sanger Freeman became the last surviving member of the Mills troupe. She also provided the backbone of the annual Christmas Circus at the Crystal Palace in South London.
In 1917 she married James Freeman, a trapeze artiste, highwire walker and clown, among other roles. He was considered to be the most versatile of all British circus performers in his heyday and as a clown under the name of 'Pimpo' was one of the country's most popular jesters. Plans of their marriage did not meet family approval and the two had to meet in secret. The wedding, which was carried out at Burstow Church, was also carried out unknown to her family.
The circus show finally ended in 1962, ending a family tradition which had spanned 117 years.
Later years.
James Freeman died in 1961 and Victoria spent her last years quietly in Brixton. Victoria Sanger Freeman died in August 1991. Her ashes were placed in the family plot at Margate where Sanger's 'Hall by the Sea' was — at one time — a crowd puller at the seaside town. She was the last of the great Sanger dynasty. Her obituary appeared in The Daily Telegraph on 21 August 1991.
She had a son, Pat, who followed the family footsteps as a clown. He died at an early age while performing in a circus in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="18718164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718164" title="The Veitch Memorial Medal">
The Veitch Memorial Medal

The Veitch Memorial Medal is a prestigious international prize issued annually by the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS).
Goal.
The prize is awarded to "persons of any nationality who have made an outstanding contribution to the advancement and improvement of the science and practice of horticulture".
History.
The prize was first planned in 1870, in memorial of James Veitch of Chelsea. At first, the prize was issued by the Veitch Memorial Trust, but from 1885, the Medals were awarded at the Orchid Conference. Since 1922, the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) has been in charge of the Medal.
Winners.
Recipients in 2013 include:
Recipients in 2009 were:
Recipients in 2008 were: 
For the 2007 list of winners, please see 2007 Manual
References.
1986 Prof. Rapee Sagarik (born 1922–present/2012 :90 yrs.)

</doc>
<doc id="18718166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718166" title="Tommy Bastow">
Tommy Bastow

Thomas Derek "Tommy" Bastow (born 26 August 1991) is an English actor and musician from Epsom, Surrey. He is best known for playing the character Dave the Laugh in the 2008 film "Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging", as Joe in the BT adverts and as the lead singer in the band FranKo.
Education.
Bastow attended the independent City of London Freemen's School, and later transferred to the BRIT School in Croydon, a state school that specialises in the performing arts.
Acting career.
Bastow wanted to become an actor after watching films like "A Clockwork Orange", "Pulp Fiction" and "American Psycho" with his dad and being inspired by the performances of the actors, "Watching those great performances sent tingles down my spine and I wanted to have that ability myself. I wanted other people to watch me and get that same feeling, I wanted to entertain." Bastow first got involved with acting at the age of thirteen. Since 2005, Bastow has appeared in several BT adverts. In 2008, he appeared in two episodes of the CBBC program "M.I.High" as Lewis Chuckworth, and in a short film titled "Londongrad". Bastow landed his first major film role playing the character of "Dave the Laugh" in "Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging", released in July 2008. In December 2008, he played the role of a young Sir Guy of Gisborne for an episode of the BBC One series "Robin Hood" which aired on 6 June 2009. In 2009, he also had an uncredited role in "The Boys Are Back" starring Clive Owen. Bastow starred in the 2010 Spanish-American horror film "Exorcismus", which is produced by Filmax.
He is currently appearing in a recurring role in teen drama "The Cut", a BBC Switch program, playing Greg Cranborne. In 2011 he appeared in "EastEnders" as Seb Parker.
Music career.
In 2005, Bastow became the lead singer of a band called Blackspray. In October 2007, Bastow and members of another band called Hawkwood (two of which are also students from the BRIT School) formed FranKo. In 2008, FranKo played their first gigs in the UK and recorded their debut EP with producer Jim Lowe (Stereophonics, Foo Fighters, Manic Street Preachers). Later that year, the band toured Thailand which included an appearance on MTV Thailand. They have just come back from tour with Elliot Minor and Me vs Hero.
On March 31, 2010, FranKo released their 10 track debut album 'Vote FranKo'. The first single off the album was "Night Time" released in September, 2009. In July 2011 FranKo released their second album 'FranKo'. They played a tour supporting ROOM 94 (July 2011) and a tour with Dave Giles (October 2011) and plan to return to Thailand sometime next year.

</doc>
<doc id="18718187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718187" title="National Association of State Procurement Officials">
National Association of State Procurement Officials

The National Association of State Procurement Officials (NASPO) is an American non-profit association formed by the top procurement officials for the fifty states and Washington, D.C.The National Association of State Procurement Officials is a non-profit association dedicated to strengthening the procurement community through education, research, and communication. It is made up of the directors of the central purchasing offices in each of the 50 states, the District of Columbia and the territories of the United States. 
NASPO, in collaboration with the National Institute of Governmental Purchasing (NIGP), formed the Universal Public Purchasing Certification Council (UPPCC) to encourage and award the Certified Public Purchasing Officer (CPPO) designation and the Certified Professional Public Buyer (CPPB) designation to those in the public purchasing arena. and honors important public-sector procurement initiatives
The National Association of State Procurement Officials is a non-profit association dedicated to strengthening the procurement community through education, research, and communication. It is made up of the directors of the central purchasing offices in each of the 50 states, the District of Columbia and the territories of the United States. 
The National Association of State Procurement Officials (NASPO), Inc. was formally established on January 29, 1947, in Chicago, Illinois. NASPO is a non-profit association dedicated to strengthening the procurement community through education, research, and communication. It is made up of the directors of the central purchasing offices in each of the 50 states, the District of Columbia and the territories of the United States. NASPO is an organization through which the member purchasing officials provide leadership in professional public procurement, improve the quality of procurement, exchange information and cooperate to attain greater efficiency, economy, and customer satisfaction. NASPO, in collaboration with the National Institute of Governmental Purchasing (NIGP), formed the Universal Public Purchasing Certification Council (UPPCC) to encourage and award the Certified Public Purchasing Officer (CPPO) designation and the Certified Professional Public Buyer (CPPB) designation to those in the public purchasing arena. 
NASPO receives professional headquarters staff support through AMR Management Services, which is accredited by the AMC Institute. Services provided to NASPO include conference management, research and publications, board of directors & committee support, financial management and member services.

</doc>
<doc id="18718200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718200" title="Alan Shuptrine">
Alan Shuptrine

Alan Shuptrine (born March 31, 1963 in Chattanooga, Tennessee) is an American realist painter, as well as a master gilder. He has emerged as a leading practitioner in the centuries-old art of water gilding fine frames, wood carving, sgrafitto etching, antique gold leaf restorations, faux finishing, and decorative arts in several other mediums. Alan is known for his fine, realistic and dramatic watercolors. His desire to pursue a career in the arts grew out of watching his father, the late Hubert Shuptrine [http://www.goldleafdesigns.com/hubertshuptrine/hubertshuptrine.html], a nationally recognized watercolor realist.
Born in Chattanooga, Tennessee, Alan's pursuit of the arts included schooling at The Baylor School (Chattanooga, TN), The University of the South(Sewanee, TN), and the University Of Tennessee (Knoxville, TN). Alan is renowned for his precise attention to detail and draws inspiration from studying the techniques of Winslow Homer, John Singer Sargent, Thomas Eakins, Andrew Wyeth, Stephen Scott Young, and his father's drybrush watercolors. Hubert Shuptrine was known for chronicling the “dying South” as subject matter for his realistic watercolors. Hubert co-created the book Jericho: The South Beheld with the late poet James Dickey, and received a Pulitzer Prize Nomination as well as the coveted Carey Thomas Award.
Like his father, Alan has also won numerous awards in the arts. Alan is a member of the Society of Gilders and The American Institute for Conservation. Honors in 2008 include being selected as a finalist in the American Artist: Watercolor Magazine Cover Competition and invitations to participate in numerous juried exhibitions. Alan is a member and supporter of numerous art organizations including
The National Watercolor Society, The Tennessee Watercolor Society, The Southern Watercolor Society, Southern Artistry, the Salmagundi Club of New York City, the Tennessee Arts League, the Association of Visual Arts, Allied Arts of Greater Chattanooga, and the Tennessee Arts Commission. Alan Shuptrine has had an incredible 2012, with the main emphasis on advancing his career as a fine arts watercolor artist. Residing on Lookout Mountain, Tennessee, Shuptrine has recently won several awards nationally. He took The Beauty of Water Media Award" at the Tennessee Watercolor Society's 2012 Biennial Exhibition, a juried event, for his painting “Dreamcatcher”. He was then chosen as a finalist in the 35th Southern Watercolor Society Annual Juried Exhibition winning the Colart Americas (Winsor and Newton) Award", for his watercolor “Twisted Dusk”, and also a finalist in competition in the 2012 National Watercolor Society All Member Exhibition in San Pedro, California showcasing “Twisted”. Just recently, Shuptrine was chosen Finalist for the 2012 American Artist Magazine Cover with his painting of “Grace”. Alan's work is exhibited throughout the United States in permanent collections of private art collectors and museums. In 2010, one of Alan's watercolors was added to the permanent collection of the Huntsville Museum of Art in Huntsville, Alabama. His work can be viewed at alanshuptrine.com.
Alan is also the owner of Shuptrine Fine Art Group, which houses Gold Leaf Designs and Shuptrine Fine Art.

</doc>
<doc id="18718211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718211" title="Patiṉeṇmēlkaṇakku">
Patiṉeṇmēlkaṇakku

Patiṉeṇmēlkaṇakku () is the collection of the oldest surviving Tamil Poetry. This collection is considered part of the Sangam Literature and dated approximately between 100 BCE and 200 CE. "Patiṉeṇmēlkaṇakku", the eighteen major anthology series, contains: "Ettuthokai", the eight anthologies, and "Pattupattu", the ten idyls. The songs in the "Patiṉeṇmēlkaṇakku" anthology are set in the "Akaval" style.
The Patiṉeṇmēlkaṇakku anthology contains 2,381 poems including the ten larger works belonging to the "Pattupattu" collection. These poems are attributed to 473 poets. Sixteen of the 473 poets are responsible for 1,177 of the 2,279 poems for which the name of the author is known. 102 of the poems are anonymous. Notably, the "pathiRRuppathu" collection exclusively collects poetry from the Cheral kings (from modern-day Kerala); whereas the other collections contain a mix of poetry patronized by diverse Tamil kings.
Anthology.
There is no information available on when these poems were collected or on the identity of the anthologist. These poems have passed through four stages of evolution. The poems were created by the bardic authors between 100 BCE and 200 CE. The poems were collected into the various anthologies; colophons were added and the poems classified into various "thinais" around the eighth century CE. Still later, the invocatory poems were added to the collection. Finally, around the tenth century CE commentaries were written. The whole process occurred over many centuries. As these poems have no internal safeguard to preserve them intact, they probably have gone through some changes over these centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="18718214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718214" title="Hoffenheim">
Hoffenheim

Hoffenheim () is a village in Rhein-Neckar-Kreis, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It belongs to the municipality of Sinsheim and, as of 2006, it has a population of 3,272.
History.
The village, settled since prehistoric times, and first mentioned in 773 as "Hovaheim" in the Lorsch codex, was officially incorporated on July 1, 1972 into Sinsheim.
Geography.
Hoffenheim is located in the Rhine-Neckar metropolitan region, close to the Neckartal-Odenwald national park. It is 3 km in west of Sinsheim, 6 km south of Meckesheim and only approximately 20 km from Heidelberg.
Sport.
Hoffenheim is the historic home to football club 1899 Hoffenheim which currently plays in the Bundesliga, Germany's top division, although the senior side now play their home games in the Rhein-Neckar-Arena, located in another Sinsheim suburb, Steinsfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="18718215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718215" title="B. P. Singh">
B. P. Singh

"Brijendra Pal Singh" is an Indian television producer, who owns the Fireworks Productions. He is the creator and director-producer of the Indian TV series "C.I.D.", (April 1997 to present), the longest running TV series in India., which started CID Gallantry Awards in 2010.. Also, he plays the role of DCP Citroley in CID, who sometimes appears in CID and is not a regular actor in CID. DCP Chitroley is a person who is the boss of the CID team and ACP Pradyuman. He always try to put CID team in trouble. He creates problem among them, but the way he reacts and talk is funny and hilarious. No one could judge is he a good (positive) character or bad (negative) character in CID? He also produced hit horror series "Aahat", 1996 to 2010.
On October 8, 2004, a special episode, "The Inheritance" / C.I.D. 111, to mark the completion of seven years of "CID" in December, was shot in a single continuous shot for 111 minutes (one hour and 51 minutes), which landed the show in the Limca Book of Records as ‘TV show - longest continual shot’.
Career.
He originally belongs to Dehradun and studied at and Television Instiute of India, Pune. He started his career working with state TV-channel Doordarshan in 1973 as a news camera-man and went on to handle the camera for another 10 years, before relocating to Mumbai. He made murder mystery TV film for Doordarshan, "Sirf Char Din", while preparing for that film, he started visiting the Crime Branch of police, and befriended Inspector Jayant Wagle, and in the process developed a lifelong interest in detective work. Subsequently produced TV series, "Ek Shunya Shunya" for Doordarshan in 1980s, before relocating to Mumbai where he made a few Marathi serials for Doordarshan.
Horror series "Aahat" was first shot in 1994 as a suspense thriller, and it started being aired in 1996, but after about 40 episodes with the same theme, one episode on supernatural theme was made and when TRPs of the series rose sharply, it made the switch.
Turning point in career came with beginning of Sony TV channel, and started shooting "C.I.D.", started on Sony TV in 1997, about a team of detectives working for the Crime Investigation Department (CID) in Mumbai and is still on. Meanwhile CID film is still in the writing and pre-production stage, and is planned for release in 2012., and started a silent comedy called "Gutur Gu" in 2010. He is also the producer of these two series along with Pardeep Uppoor.
He also started crime show on Life OK named Hum Ne Li Hai- Shapath which is about two police inspectors and a social worker . This show is gaining good TRPS and is BP Singh's second crime show .
He has worked with many known artists and is famous for giving breaks to new artists. He was the first to give a break to Canadian actor Remi Clair during his struggling days in Mumbai as main lead in "C.I.D." and police inspector in "Aahat".

</doc>
<doc id="18718222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718222" title="Elizabeth Prettejohn">
Elizabeth Prettejohn

Elizabeth Francesca Prettejohn (born 15 May 1961) is an art historian and author of several books about art history. Her books have included "Rossetti and his Circle" (1998), "The Art of the Pre-Raphaelites" (2000) and "Art for Art's Sake" (2007). She has also co-edited and coauthored books. She has written exhibition catalogues and papers for journals such as "Burlington Magazine", "Journal of Victorian Culture" and "Art Bulletin".
Education and Career.
Prettejohn was the Professor of the history of art at the University of Bristol from 2005, before becoming head of the history of art at the University of York in 2012. She has also been the Professor of Modern Art at the University of Plymouth and the curator of Paintings and Sculpture at Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery. She studied at Harvard University, where she got her Bachelor of Arts degree (summa cum laude), and at the Courtauld Institute of Art, where she got her Master of arts degree in 1987 and PhD degree in 1991. She is married to the Professor of Classics and Dean of Arts, Charles Martindale [http://www.bristol.ac.uk/classics/staff/martindale.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18718223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718223" title="Napoleon's Death Mask">
Napoleon's Death Mask

Napoleon's Death Mask is a marble cast mold of the face of Napoleon Bonaparte, Emperor of the French. Much mystery and controversy surrounds the origins and whereabouts of the most original cast moulds. There are only four genuine death masks known to exist.
Origins and history.
Napoleon's original death mask was created on May 7, 1821, a day and a half after Napoleon Bonaparte died on the island of St. Helena at age 51. Surrounding his deathbed were doctors from France and the UK.
During the time of Napoleon, it was customary to cast a death mask or mould of a great leader who had recently died. A mixture of wax or plaster was carefully placed over Napoleon's face and removed after the form had hardened. From this impression, subsequent copies were cast.
Locations.
In 1834, Dr. Antommarchi traveled to the United States, visited New Orleans, and presented that city with a bronze copy of the mask. The French doctor also gave a painted plaster copy to a colleague in New Orleans, Dr. Edwin Smith. Following the death of Dr. Smith, the plaster mask was given to the family of Captain Francis Bryan, a resident of St. Louis, Missouri. In 1894, Bryan donated this mask to his alma mater, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
During its first years in Chapel Hill, Napoleon's plaster face was displayed as a curio on a table in the office of UNC President George T. Winston. The death mask was later transferred to the university library and ultimately found its way to the library's North Carolina Collection. Today, the mask remains in remarkably good condition. The only visible damage to it is a chip above the emperor's upper lip. This damage occurred in 1907, when a janitor at the university overturned the mask while dusting it. On the underside of the mask is the handwritten inscription: "Dr. Edwin B. Smith's head of Nap.n" and "Presented to Dr. Smith by NPhys'n. Dr.Ant[tommarchi." Also written on the bottom of the mask is "Tete d'Armee" (Head of the Army), reportedly the last words uttered by Napoleon.
Dr. Antommarchi moved to Cuba in 1838. While there, he lived on his cousin's coffee plantation and became close to General Juan de Moya. Before Dr. Antommarchi died, he made General Moya a death mask from his mould. It is believed that the mask still resides in the Museum in Santiago de Cuba, province of Oriente, where there were many French immigrants who established coffee plantations in the high mountains of the Sierra Maestra.
The death masks location as of 1/04/2013 is the Auckland Art Gallery.
Another death mask formerly owned by John Codman Ropes now resides in the lobby of Boston University's Mugar Library.

</doc>
<doc id="18718230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718230" title="George H. Richardson">
George H. Richardson

George H. Richardson was, next to Clark Griffith, the principal owner of the from 1920 to 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="18718235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718235" title="Hezekiah C. Seymour">
Hezekiah C. Seymour

Hezekiah Cook Seymour (June 24, 1811 - July 24, 1853) was an American civil engineer and politician.
Biography.
He was born on June 24, 1811, in Westmoreland, New York, to Bradford Seymour and Mary Cook.
From 1835 to 1849, he worked for the New York and Erie Railroad, first as engineer, later becoming general superintendent. 
He was New York State Engineer and Surveyor from 1850 to 1851, elected on the Whig ticket at the New York state election, 1849, but defeated for re-election at the New York state election, 1851 by Democrat William J. McAlpine.
In 1851, he became Chief Engineer of the Ontario, Huron and Lake Simcoe Railroad, running from Toronto to Lake Huron in Canada West. The next year, he also participated in the early stages of planning for the construction of the Ohio and Mississippi Railroad, the Louisville and Nashville Railroad, and the Air Line Railroad between New York City and Boston.
He died on July 24, 1853, in Piermont, New York, at age 42. He was buried at Rockland Cemetery in Sparkill, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18718238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718238" title="Craig Shoemaker">
Craig Shoemaker

Craig Shoemaker (born November 15, 1958) is an American comedian, writer, and voice actor. He is best known for his baritone voiced character, "The Lovemaster", which he routinely portrays in his stand up comedy act. In 1997 he was named Funniest Male Stand-Up Comic at the American Comedy Awards.
Life and career.
Shoemaker grew up in the Philadelphia area and graduated from Springfield Township High School. He attended Temple University, majoring in radio, television and theater, but transferred to California University of Pennsylvania and received a bachelor of arts degree before pursuing his career.
In 1986, Shoemaker won two Mid-Atlantic Emmy Awards for his work as a writer and actor on PRISM. Shoemaker toured with musician Kenny Loggins for the full year of 1989. During that time, he developed his Lovemaster character offstage. He moved to the West Coast in 1990, where he began doing stand-up comedy regularly in local clubs. In 1998, Shoemaker was hired as sidekick with host Magic Johnson on "The Magic Hour", but left the show after complaining about the creative direction in the press. In 2001, he performed the one-man show "Who's Your Daddy?", which explored his growing up without a father. His 90-minute comedy special "Daditude" premiered on Showtime in November 2012.
In 2013, Shoemaker's appearances reached primetime television as he landed recurring roles in NBC's Parks and Recreation as well as CBS' The Bold and The Beautiful.
Personal life.
Shoemaker was married to actress Nancy Allen in the 1990s. He later married actress Carolyn Clark. They had their first of two children in 1998. He married his third wife Mika Shoemaker in 2008. They had a child in 2010.
Shoemaker founded the nonprofit Laughter Heals Foundation in 2002, created to promote healing through laughter. In 2012 he received an honorary doctorate in Humanities/Humanistic Studies from California University of Pennsylvania. He currently hosts a weekly podcast & webcast, "Laugh It Off" available on his official website.

</doc>
<doc id="18718241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718241" title="Tim McGill">
Tim McGill

Tim McGill (born June 24, 1979, in Chicago, Illinois) is a former American football defensive tackle. He was signed by the Carolina Cobras as an undrafted free agent in 2003. He played college football at Illinois.
McGill has also been a member of the New York Dragons, New York Jets, Miami Dolphins, Green Bay Packers, Tampa Bay Storm, and Montreal Alouettes.

</doc>
<doc id="18718246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718246" title="Terrell on the Law of Patents">
Terrell on the Law of Patents

Terrell on the Law of Patents is a United Kingdom patent law treatise of the twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="18718251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718251" title="Maku people">
Maku people

Maku (Macu, Máku, Mácu, Makú, Macú) or Maco (Mako, Máko, Macó, Makó) is a pejorative term referring to several hunter-gatherer peoples of the upper Amazon, derived from an Arawakan term "ma-aku" "do not speak / without speech". Nimuendajú (1950) notes six peoples of Colombia, Venezuela, and Brazil that are known as 'Maku'. In linguistic literature, it refers primarily to:
It has also been used for various other languages in the area, such as:
Other peoples called Maku include,

</doc>
<doc id="18718260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718260" title="Call Me (EP)">
Call Me (EP)

Call Me is an EP by heavy metal band Diamond Head and was released in 1982 by MCA. It was a single A-side featuring "Call Me", with "Dead Reckoning" as the B-Side. The French release was only available on 7".
Both songs were popular in the band's live set. But only "Call Me" made it onto the band's 1982 album "Borrowed Time". "Dead Reckoning" was later available on Diamond Head's 1987 compilation album "Am I Evil". Both tracks had previously appeared on the "Four Cuts EP".
As this was released through a major label, the band were able to produce a promotional video for this single. The video shows the band performing "Call Me" and was shot at the Manchester Odeon.

</doc>
<doc id="18718278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718278" title="Dan Diaz">
Dan Diaz

Dan Diaz (born March 20, 1985) is an American TV/Film/Video Game composer, multi-instrumentalist, producer, and recording engineer from Southern California. He has composed music for the Electronic Arts video games "Skate 3" and "Skate 2" for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, and "Skate It" for the Wii. He has written music for shows such as MTV's "Nitro Circus" and "Rob Dyrdek's Fantasy Factory", Fox's "Raising Hope", VH1's "My Antonio", E! Network's "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" and "Giuliana and Bill", as well as various others. Diaz also wrote and produced "Punk and Indie Rock: Slammin' Sounds of So Cal", a music library distributed by Big Fish Audio, one track of which was featured in a national Toyota commercial in late 2008.
On January 12, 2010, Diaz released a collection of music entitled "Anti-Hero Volume 1", the first album from his new music company, Anti-Hero. Anti-Hero composes cues designed specifically for motion picture, video game, and television trailers. He has since released three more albums (Volumes 2, 3, and Evolution), as well as "Sound Design Elements 1", a collection of sound design tools for trailer editors. The music has been featured in the advertising campaigns for movies and video games such as "The Avengers (2012 film)" (Marvel Entertainment), "" (Activision), "The Killer Inside Me" (IFC Films), "Apollo 18 (film)" (Weinstein Co), and more.
As a producer, engineer, and mixer, Diaz has worked with Kyle Phelan, Tribal Seeds, Jon Mattox, Jason Mraz, Jakob Martin, Nick D'Virgilio, and many other San Diego and LA-based artists. 
Diaz lives in Los Angeles with his wife Britta.

</doc>
<doc id="18718283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718283" title="Mortimer Griffin and Shalinsky">
Mortimer Griffin and Shalinsky

Mortimer Griffin and Shalinsky is a 1985 short film written by Academy Award winning screenwriter Mordecai Richler about an eccentric Jewish intellectual that accuses his teacher of hiding his Jewish identity. The film is based on Richler's 1978 short story, "Mortimer Griffin, Shalinsky and How they Settled the Jewish Question".
Summary.
Shalinsky, a Jewish university student, is convinced that his non-Jewish professor Mortimer Griffin is guilty of changing his name, suspecting the instructor of hiding his Jewish identity.
After listening attentively to Griffin’s analysis of Kafka’s "The Metamorphosis", all the other students file out of the classroom, but Shalinsky lingers to compliment his teacher. After offering words of praise, between puffs of his cigarette, he asks pointedly, “Why did you change your name? You’re a Jew.”
Of course, Griffin is not Jewish and he tells Shalinsky this fact. Griffin is amused at first, and tells his Jewish friends about the incident. However, Shalinsky persists, and simply won't accept that Griffin is not Jewish. Eventually, Griffin gets more and more irritated by Shalinsky's refusal to accept the truth. Finally, irritation gives way to anger and Griffin blurts out comments that sound anti-Semitic. Griffin has a nervous breakdown.
In the satirical aftermath, we learn that Griffin has converted to Judaism and become religious.
See also.
Other Jewish comedic-dramas:

</doc>
<doc id="18718287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718287" title="Irish Radio Transmitters Society">
Irish Radio Transmitters Society

The Irish Radio Transmitters Society (IRTS) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Ireland. Key missions of the IRTS include promoting amateur radio experimentation and representing the interests of Irish amateur radio operators before Irish and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. In particular, since 2005 in agreement with Communications Regulator(Comreg), the IRTS supports the entire examination process for the Experimenter's Licence including setting, organising, and correcting examinations for the Irish amateur radio license. 
The organization has no paid employees, and all tasks are performed by volunteers. IRTS is the national member society representing Ireland in the International Amateur Radio Union.
The IRTS produces a magazine "Echo Ireland", detailing activities and information about Amateur Radio in Ireland, which is available to all members by post or online.You can become a Radio
Ham in Ireland without joining the IRTS and quite a large number of licenced Hams/SWLs are not Members The views of the IRTS are not the views held by a large number of licenced amateurs in Ireland(Rep).Many members use the QSL card service of
the IRTS however the ARRL offer a free online QSL service EQSLs are also free.

</doc>
<doc id="18718304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718304" title="Rudchester Mithraeum">
Rudchester Mithraeum

Rudchester Mithraeum is a Roman Temple to the Roman god Mithras at Rudchester (Vindobala), an auxiliary fort on Hadrian's Wall, the northern frontier of Roman Britain. The temple (known as a mithraeum) was located 137m to the west of the castra.
Discovery.
The site of the shrine was first discovered in 1844 when the local farmer uncovered a statue and five altars in his field. The statue was broken up (and subsequently lost); however, the altars were all saved.
The five altars were:
1) DEO /L SENTIUS / CASTUS / (centurio) LEG VI D(ono) P(osuit). 
"To the god. Lucius Sentius Castus, centurion of the 6th legion gave this."
2) DEO INVICTO / MYTRAE P(ublius) AEL(ius) / TITULLUS PRAE(fectus) / V(otum) S(olvit) L(aetus) L(ibens) M(erito).
"To the invincible god Mithras, Publius Aelius Titullus, prefect, gladly, willingly and deservedly fulfilled his vow".
3) DEO SOLI INVIC(to) / TIB(iberius) CL(audius) DECIMUS / CORNEL(ius) ANTO/NIUS PRAEF(ectus) / TEMPLE(um) RESTIT(uit).
"To the Invincible Sun. Tiberius Claudius Decimus Cornelius Antonius, Prefect, restored the temple."
4) SOLI / APOLLINI / ANICETO / APON[IUS ROGAT[PRAEF(ectus) V(otum) S(olvit) L(ibens) M(erito ?
5) No inscription.
The location of the discovery was marked on contemporaneous maps, enabling the archaeologist J.P. Gilliam to relocate the shrine and excavate it in 1953.
The Mithraeum Phase I.
Gilliam identified two distinct phases of use consisting of two successive temples on the site. He deduced that the first temple was built in the late second or early third century AD. Oriented east to west, the shrine formed a rectangle 12 x 6.02m in size with a small apse in the west end-wall. The plan was typical of mithraic temples in that it consisted of a central nave flanked by low benches. The building was constructed in stone with clay used to bond the blocks. A roughly-built narthex (or ante-chapel) was later added to the outside of the east wall, 3m in depth and 6m in width. It was placed asymmetrically in line with the south wall so that there was no direct view from the front entrance into the temple. Similar to the shrine at Carrawburgh this anteroom contained a low stone bench which may have been used in initiation rites. The east wall, however, was built over a badly filled-in pit and the subsequent subsidence caused the collapse of the structure.
The Mithraeum Phase II.
The mithraeum was rebuilt soon after, but without the ante-room. Access was now directly into the shrine from the outside and it is unusual that the community would not have wanted at least some form of ante-chamber especially as they also reduced the free space within the shrine by extending the benches. The interior of the shrine was remodelled to include a stone podium in front of the apse (presumably for the tauroctony) and the lengthening of the benches. A new roof system was also put in with wooden posts standing in front of the benches. Five small uninscribed altars were found inside the nave and the remains of a water-basin were recovered about two-thirds of the way along the northern bench.
Gilliam found two heads of Cautes and Cautopates and speculated that this was the result of a deliberate decapitation of the statues. The lack of any trace of the tauroctony was also used to argue for a deliberate desecration of the shrine; however, in the absence of any single fragment of it and without knowing what the statue smashed in 1844 was of, it is hard to say for sure. Certainly pottery evidence spread over the temple shows that it was out of use by the mid-fourth century.
All the finds and altars were placed in the Museum of Antiquities at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne, although they are in the process of being moved to the new Museum of the North.
Further reading.
Daniels, C. 1989. "Mithras and his Temples on the Wall" pp16–19.
Gilliam, J.P., MacIvor, I & Birley, E. 1954. 'The Temple of Mithras at Rudchester'. "Archaeologia Aeliana" (4th series) XXXII, 176-219

</doc>
<doc id="18718305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718305" title="Yolink">
Yolink

yolink is a search technology developed by TigerLogic that mines links and documents to retrieve keyword-rich blocks of information.
Description.
Based on years of research & development, yolink employs semantic and propriety technology, built in house, to uncover information hidden inside links and documents that is important to you.
With an expertise in XML and large-scale, multidimensional databases, yolink technology reveals websites hidden information and presents it in a logical fashion. In a phrase, we’re proficient at producing highly structured data in a highly unstructured environment.
yolink results can be utilized immediately to make decisions, cite in interviews, drop into documents, post to social media sites and blogs, summarize findings and more. yolink takes search to the next level and beyond – we’re all about extracting relevant data and presenting the most actionable information, no matter where it is.
yolink tools.
yolink is available as a free add-on for Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, RockMelt, Safari and Internet Explorer browsers. It is also available as free blog plugin for Blogger, WordPress and others.yolink is also available as an API.

</doc>
<doc id="18718308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718308" title="Aeschynomene rudis">
Aeschynomene rudis

Aeschynomene rudis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name zigzag jointvetch. It is native to South America but it is known from other continents, including North America, as a noxious weed, especially of wet areas such as rice fields. It is aquatic or semi-aquatic, growing bristly, glandular stems near or in water. It grows up to two metres tall. The leaves are composed of oval-shaped leaflets each about a centimetre long. At the base of each leaf are large, flat, pointed stipules. The flower is purple-tinted white and 1 to 1.5 centimetres wide. The fruit is a lobed, gland-dotted legume pod narrowed between the seeds. It is up to 5 centimetres long and less than one wide. As the pod dries it breaks into segments, each segment containing a seed. The hard, shiny seed is kidney-shaped and 2 or 3 millimetres long.

</doc>
<doc id="18718319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718319" title="Tzvi Berkowitz">
Tzvi Berkowitz

Rav Tzvi (Zvi Paltiel) Berkowitz is an Orthodox rabbi, Talmudist, and lecturer at Yeshivas Ner Yisroel (Ner Israel Rabbinical College), Baltimore, Maryland, in the United States, and teaches the highest-level Talmud shiur (class), numbering over 100 advanced students, considered relatively large for such institutions.
Personal and professional life.
Born in San Francisco to Holocaust survivors of Gerrer Hasidic descent, he went to study at Ner Israel Yeshiva at a young age. He married Ettil Kamenetsky, daughter of Rabbi Shmuel Kamenetsky, Dean of the Talmudical Yeshiva of Philadelphia and member of the American Moetzes Gedolei HaTorah of Agudath Israel of America. Ettil is a granddaughter of Rav Yaakov Kamenetsky.
In the world of the Haredi Lithuanian yeshivas the rabbinical scholar who is appointed to the position of highest-level lecturer in a yeshiva is second only to that of the rosh yeshiva (Dean). The Ner Israel Rabbinical College is one of the oldest and most prestigious yeshivas in the United States, making Rabbi Berkowitz one of the most prominent lecturers of Talmud in the United States.
In American Jewish Orthodoxy.
Rabbi Berkowitz serves in a variety of additional functions both within and outside of Ner Israel. Rabbi Berkowitz also serves on the faculty of Ohr Nissan Talmud Center devoted to the Torah education of Iranian Jews under the auspices of the Ner Israel yeshiva.
Rabbi Berkowitz is a frequent guest speaker in Baltimore and other cities, such as Atlanta, Minneapolis and in various parts of New York as in Far Rockaway, and Lawrence where he was described as follows:
Rabbi Berkowitz delivers the most advanced shiur in the yeshiva and is respected throughout the yeshiva world for his scholarship and insight. Many bachurim students are attracted to Ner Israel because of the opportunity to attend his shiur . He maintains close ties with alumni, many of whom live in the Five Towns area. It is typical for alumni who have been out of the yeshiva for years to consult with Rav Berkowitz on a regular basis.
Influence.
Rabbi Berkowitz has had an impact on other younger rabbis, who quote him authoritatively in their writings, such Dovid Rosenfeld, Doniel Frank, or have noted his educational influence on themselves, such as recent authors of Orthodox religious Judaica: Dov Moshe Lipman, Avi Fertig and on those active as Torah educators and leaders, such as:
Rabbi Jeffrey Greenberg... Dean of Ateres Naava Seminary, previously TBY seminary in Queens. He was the Director of New York NCSY for 20 years...attended Ner Israel in Baltimore, where he received Smicha, attaining a close relationship with his Rav, Rav Tzvi Berkowitz.

</doc>
<doc id="18718328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718328" title="The Uncanny X-Men and The New Teen Titans">
The Uncanny X-Men and The New Teen Titans

The Uncanny X-Men and The New Teen Titans is a crossover comic book published by DC Comics and Marvel Comics, and features two teams of superheroes, DC Comics' New Teen Titans and Marvel's X-Men.
Publication history.
In 1982, the "Uncanny X-Men" and the "New Teen Titans" shared several similarities. Besides high popularity and strong sales, both books were helmed by respected, established writers, in Chris Claremont ("X-Men") and Marv Wolfman ("Teen Titans"). Both titles featured strong character development and a young core of rookie heroes struggling with teenage angst and its attendant problems. Given the best-selling success of each title, Marvel and DC recognized the high sales potential of a jointly-published crossover, with "X-Men" writer Chris Claremont scripting the story and Walt Simonson and Terry Austin providing the art. The comic was lettered by "X-Men" letterer Tom Orzechowski, and edited by the "X-Men's" Louise Jones. "Teen Titans's" Len Wein acted as DC's liaison with Marvel on the project.
Plot summary.
Seeking to co-opt the near-limitless power of the Source, the evil space tyrant Darkseid is continuing his efforts to break through the Source Wall. Thinking that the energy associated with the Phoenix Force can help him penetrate the mysteries of the Source, Darkseid sets into motion a plan to recreate the Dark Phoenix by tapping into the memories of her former teammates, the X-Men, as well as drawing the residue of her power from a variety of sources, and then amplifying that residue, using energy streaming from the rupture of the Source Wall. (With his help, Metron had pierced the Wall and his sacrifice effected a small rupture which bled a steady stream of energy.) Both superhero teams are alerted to the dangers by the Titans' Starfire, who has knowledge of Dark Phoenix's immense destructive power.
Despite their best efforts, each team is defeated and captured by Deathstroke the Terminator and Darkseid's shock troops. Darkseid brings the Dark Phoenix back to life. Both super teams work together, freeing themselves and taking Darkseid, Dark Phoenix, and Deathstroke in a climatic battle. Colossus had prevented the gathering of psionic residue at a Western mesa and this resulted in the Dark Phoenix simulation being flawed, and exploiting said flaw enables the two teams to drive a wedge between Dark Phoenix and Darkseid. Professor X and Cyclops convince what is left of Jean Grey's human consciousness that she is being manipulated, and she once again sacrifices herself to defeat Darkseid, repairing all the damage in doing so.
Critical response.
"The Slings and Arrows Comic Guide" wrote that "Claremont courageously defies tradition by filling an unbalanced basket of guest stars, and Walt Simonson's first-rate pencils contribute to the finest Marvel/DC co-production." Comics historian Matthew K. Manning calls it "one of the most well-received crossovers of its time - or of any time for that matter."
Aborted sequel.
Despite the success of the project, "The Uncanny X-Men and The New Teen Titans" represented the last DC-Marvel intercompany crossover for over a decade. A planned ""X-Men/Teen Titans"" #2, by the "Titans" creative team of Marv Wolfman and George Pérez, was scheduled for publication in Christmas 1983. "X-Men" writer Claremont, in fact, had shared details of future "X-Men" storylines with Wolfman, to facilitate Wolfman's writing of the script. Artist Pérez was also slated to draw the much-anticipated JLA/Avengers intercompany crossover, also due for publication in 1984, which was eventually scuttled due to editorial squabbling between the two companies. Continuing disagreements between Marvel and DC, and Pérez's anger over the demise of the "JLA/Avengers" book, resulted in the eventual cancellation of "X-Men/Teen Titans" #2 as well. (Unlike the JLA/Avengers book, a good portion of which had already been drawn by Pérez, no artwork was ever done on the "The Uncanny X-Men and The New Teen Titans" sequel.) It wasn't until 1994's "Batman/Punisher: Lake of Fire" that DC and Marvel joined forces again in a publishing venture.

</doc>
<doc id="18718330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718330" title="Community mental health service">
Community mental health service

Community mental health services (CMHS), also known as Community Mental Health Teams (CMHT) in the United Kingdom, support or treat people with mental disorders (mental illness or mental health difficulties) in a domiciliary setting, instead of a psychiatric hospital (asylum). The array of community mental health services vary depending on the country in which the services are provided. It refers to a system of care in which the patient's community, not a specific facility such as a hospital, is the primary provider of care for people with a mental illness. The goal of community mental health services often includes much more than simply providing outpatient psychiatric treatment. 
Community services include supported housing with full or partial supervision (including halfway houses), psychiatric wards of general hospitals (including partial hospitalization), local primary care medical services, day centers or clubhouses, community mental health centers, and self-help groups for mental health. 
The services may be provided by government organizations and mental health professionals, including specialized teams providing services across a geographical area, such as assertive community treatment and early psychosis teams. They may also be provided by private or charitable organizations. They may be based on peer support and the consumer/survivor/ex-patient movement. 
The World Health Organization states that community mental health services are more accessible and effective, lessen social exclusion, and are likely to have less possibilities for the neglect and violations of human rights that were often encountered in mental hospitals. However, WHO notes that in many countries, the closing of mental hospitals has not been accompanied by the development of community services, leaving a service vacuum with far too many not receiving any care.
New legal powers have developed in some countries, such as the United States, to supervise and ensure compliance with treatment of individuals living in the community, known as outpatient commitment or assisted outpatient treatment or community treatment orders.
History.
Origins.
Community mental health services began as an effort to contain those who were "mad" or considered "lunatics." Understanding the History of mental disorders is crucial in understanding the development of community mental health services. As medical psychology developed as a science and shifted toward the treatment of the mentally ill, psychiatric institutions began to develop around the world, and laid the groundwork for modern day community mental health services.
Pre-Deinstitutionalization.
On July 3, 1946 President Harry Truman signed the National Mental Health Act which, for the first time in the history of the United States, generated a large amount of federal funding for both psychiatric education and research. The passing of this Act eventually led to the founding of the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) in 1949. At the end of the 1940s and moving into the beginning of the 1950s, the governor of Minnesota Luther Youngdahl initiated the development of numerous community-based mental health services. He also advocated for the humane treatment of people in state institutions.
Deinstitutionalization.
Philippe Pinel played a large role in the ethical and humane treatment of patients and greatly influenced Dorothea Dix. Dix advocated the expansion of state psychiatric hospitals for patients who were at the time being housed in jails and poor houses. Despite her good intentions, rapid urbanization and increased immigration led to a gross overwhelming of the state's mental health systems and because of this, as the 19th century ended and the 20th century began, a shift in focus from treatment to custodial care was seen. As quality of care declined and psychotropic drugs were introduced, those with mental illnesses were reintroduced to the community, where community mental health services were designated as primary care providers.
Post-Deinstitutionalization.
Following deinstitutionalization, many of the mentally ill ended up in jails, nursing homes, and on the streets as homeless individuals. It was at this point in history that modern community mental health services started to grow and become influential.
In 1955, following a major period of deinstitutionalization, the Mental Health Study Act was passed. With the passing of this Act, the U.S. Congress called for "an objective, thorough, nationwide analysis and reevaluation of the human and economic problems of mental health." Following Congress' mandate, the Joint Commission on Mental Illness conducted numerous studies. For the next four years this Commission made recommendations to establish community mental health centers across the country. In 1963 the Community Mental Health Centers Act was passed, essentially kick-starting the community mental health revolution. This Act contributed further to deinstitutionalization by moving mental patients into their "least restrictive" environments. The Community Mental Health Centers Act funded three main initiatives: 
That same year the Mental Retardation Facilities and Community Mental Health Centers Construction Act was passed. President John F. Kennedy ran part of his campaign on a platform strongly supporting community mental health in the United States. Kennedy's ultimate goal was to reduce custodial care of mental health patients by 50% in ten to twenty years. In 1965, the Community Mental Health Act was amended to ensure a long list of provisions. First, construction and staffing grants were extended to include centers that served patients with substance abuse disorders. Secondly, grants were provided to bolster the initiation and progression of community mental health services in low-SES areas. Lastly, new grants were established to support mental health services aimed at helping children.
As the 20th century progressed, even more political influence was exerted on community mental health. In 1965, with the passing of Medicare and Medicaid, there was an intense growth of skilled nursing homes and intermediate-care facilities that alleviated the burden felt by the large-scale public psychiatric hospitals.
The 20th Century.
From 1965 to 1969, $260 million was authorized for community mental health centers. Compared to other government organizations and programs, this number is strikingly low. Unfortunately, the funding drops even further under Richard Nixon from 1970–1973 with a total of $50.3 million authorized. Even though the funding for community mental health centers was on a steady decline, deinstitutionalization continued into the 1960s and 1970s. The number of state and county mental hospital resident patients in 1950 was 512,501 and by 1989 had decreased to 101,402. This continuing process of deinstitutionalization without adequate alternative resources led the mentally ill into homelessness, jails, and self-medication through the use of drugs or alcohol. In 1975 Congress passed an Act requiring community mental health centers to provide aftercare services to all patients in the hopes of improving recovery rates. In 1980, just five years later, Congress passed the Mental Health Systems Act, which provided federal funding for ongoing support and development of community mental health programs. This Act strengthened the connection between federal, state, and local governments with regards to funding for community mental health services. It was the final result of a long series of recommendations by Jimmy Carter's Mental Health Commission. 
Despite this apparent progress, just a year after the Mental Health Systems Act was passed, the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1981 was passed. The Omnibus Act was passed by the efforts of the Reagan administration as an effort to reduce domestic spending. The Act rescinded a large amount of the legislation just passed, and the legislation that was not rescinded was almost entirely revamped. It effectively ended federal funding of community treatment for the mentally ill, shifting the burden entirely to individual state governments. Federal funding was now replaced by granting smaller amounts of money to the individual states. 
In 1977, the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) initiated its Community Support Program (C.S.P.). The C.S.P.'s goal was to shift the focus from psychiatric institutions and the services they offer to networks of support for individual clients. The C.S.P. established the ten elements of a community support system listed below:
This conceptualization of what makes a good community program has come to serve as a theoretical guideline for community mental health service development throughout the modern-day United States psychological community. 
In 1986 Congress passed the Mental Health Planning Act of 1986, which was a Federal law requiring that at the state government level, all states must have plans for establishing case management under Medicaid, improving mental health coverage of community mental health services, adding rehabilitative services, and expanding clinical services to the homeless population. More specifically, community mental health providers could now receive reimbursement for services from Medicare and Medicaid, which allowed for many of the centers to expand their range of treatment options and services.
As the 1990s began, many positive changes occurred for people with mental illnesses through the development of larger networks of community-based providers and added innovations with regards to payment options from Medicare and Medicaid. Despite these advancements, there were many issues associated with the increasing cost of health care. Community mental health services moved toward a system more similar to managed care as the 1990s progressed. Managed care as a system focuses on limiting costs by one of two means: either keeping the total number of patients using services low or reducing the cost of the service itself.
Despite the drive for community mental health, many physicians, mental health specialists, and even patients have come to question its effectiveness as a treatment. The underlying assumptions of community mental health require that patients who are treated within a community have a place to live, a caring family, or supportive social circle that does not inhibit their rehabilitation. These assumptions are in fact often wrong. Many people with mental illnesses, upon discharge, have no family to return to and end up homeless.
While there is much to be said for the benefits that community mental health offers, many communities as a whole often harbor negative attitudes toward those with mental illnesses. Historically, people with mental illnesses have been portrayed as violent or criminal and because of this, "many American jails have become housing for persons with severe mental illnesses arrested for various crimes." 
In 1999 the Supreme Court ruled on the case Olmstead v. L.C. The Court ruled that it was a violation of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 to keep an individual in a more restrictive inpatient setting, such as a hospital, when a more appropriate and less restrictive community service was available to the individual.
21st Century & Modern Day Trends.
In 2002 President George W. Bush increased funding for community health centers. The funding aided in the construction of additional centers and increased the number of services offered at these centers, which included healthcare benefits. In 2003, the New Freedom Commission on Mental Health, established by President Bush, issued a report. The report was in place to "conduct a comprehensive study of the United States mental health delivery system..." Its objectives included assessing the efficiency and quality of both public and private mental health providers and identifying possible new technologies that could aid in treatment.
As the 20th century came to a close and the 21st century began, the number of patients diagnosed with a mental health or substance abuse disorder receiving services at community mental health centers grew from 210,000 to approximately 800,000. This nearly four-fold increase shows just how important community mental health centers are becoming to the general population's wellbeing. Unfortunately, this drastic rise in the number of patients was not mirrored by a concomitant rise in the number of clinicians serving this population. The staggering new numbers of patients then are being forced to seek specialized treatment from their primary care providers or hospital emergency rooms. The unfortunate result of this trend is that when a patient is working with his or her primary care provider, he or she is more likely for a number of reasons to receive less care than with a specialized clinician. 
Politics and funding have always been and continue to be a topic of contention when it comes to funding of community health centers. Political views aside, it is clear that these community mental health centers exist largely to aid areas painfully under resourced with psychiatric care. In 2008, over 17 million people utilized community mental health centers with 35% being insured through Medicaid, and 38% being uninsured. As the 2000s continued, the rate of increase of patients receiving mental health treatment in community mental health centers stayed steady.
The Future.
On one hand, despite the field's movement toward community mental health services, currently "insufficient empirical research exists regarding the effectiveness of community treatment programs, and the evidence that does exist does not generalize to all types of community treatment." In addition to the fact that community mental health's overall success must be further evaluated, in the times when it has proved effective, very little research exists to help in understanding what exact aspects make it effective. Effective and insightful research will be crucial in not only evaluating, but also improving the techniques community mental health utilizes.
On the other hand, the demand for and necessity of community mental health is driving it into the future. With this seemingly unrelenting increase in the number of people experiencing mental health illnesses and the number of people reporting these problems, the question becomes what role community mental health services will play. In 2007, almost 5% of adults in the United States reported at least one unmet need for mental health care. Funding has historically been and continues to be an issue for both the organizations attempting to provide mental health services to a community and the citizens of the community who are so desperately in need of treatment. The community mental health system's goal is an extremely difficult one and it continues to struggle against changing social priorities, funding deficits, and increasing need. Community mental health services would ideally provide quality care at a low cost to those who need it most. In the case of deinstitutionalization, as the number of patients treated increased, the quality and availability of care went down. With the case of small, private treatment homes, as the quality of the care went up their ability to handle large numbers of patients decreased. This unending battle for the middle ground is a difficult one but there seems to be hope. For example, the 2009 Federal Stimulus Package and Health Reform Act have increased the funding for community health centers substantially. Undoubtedly as community mental health moves forward, there will continue to be a juggling act between clinical needs and standards, political agendas, and funding.

</doc>
<doc id="18718353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718353" title="Bethan Ellis Owen">
Bethan Ellis Owen

Bethan Ellis Owen (born Bangor, Gwynedd) is a Welsh television actress best known for playing the character of Ffion Llewelyn in the Welsh soap "Pobol y Cwm".
She was a pupil at Ysgol Gyfun Llanhari after moving to South Wales as a child.

</doc>
<doc id="18718359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718359" title="Leeward Islands Football Association">
Leeward Islands Football Association

Leeward Islands Football Association (LIFA) is an association of the football playing nations in Leeward archipelago and was founded in 1949. 
It is affiliated to CFU.
Its main tournament is the Leeward Islands Tournament. 
It has 11 members, some of them are not CONCACAF members: 
Antigua and Barbuda
Saint Kitts^
Sint Maarten 
Anguilla
Saint Croix^
Montserrat
Tortola^
Nevis^
Saint-Martin 
Saint Thomas^ 
Virgin Gorda^
^ "Not affiliated to CONCACAF"

</doc>
<doc id="18718370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718370" title="David Thompson (businessman)">
David Thompson (businessman)

David Thompson (1798 – February 1871) was an American businessman. He was President of the New York Life Insurance and Trust Company.
Life.
He was the son of Jonathan Thompson who was Collector of the Port of New York during the administrations of Presidents James Monroe and John Quincy Adams. He married Sarah Diodate Gardiner (ca. 1808-1891), and they had seven children.
Thompson entered the office of his father after completing his education with a concentration in the English language, French language, and the Classics. Two years later he became Cashier of the United States Customs House in New York City. Prior to obtaining the presidency of New York Life Insurance, he served successively as Cashier of the Fulton Bank and Cashier of the Bank of America.

</doc>
<doc id="18718375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718375" title="Duke of Östergötland">
Duke of Östergötland

Swedish princes in some dynasties have been created dukes of various provinces, their wives duchesses of same. In English, the title "Hertig av Östergötland" is sometimes given as Duke of Ostrogothia or Duke of East Gothland. Since 1772 it is only a nominal title.

</doc>
<doc id="18718376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718376" title="Debra Chasnoff">
Debra Chasnoff

Debra Chasnoff is a documentary filmmaker and activist whose films address progressive social justice issues. Her production company GroundSpark produces and distributes films, educational resources and campaigns on issues ranging from environmental concerns to affordable housing to preventing prejudice.
Personal Life and Education.
Debra Chasnoff was born October 12, 1957 in Philadelphia Chasnoff grew up in a secular Jewish family in a Maryland suburb of Washington, D.C. [16. She attended Wellesley College in Wellesley, Massachusetts, where she studied economics For a brief time after college Chasnoff worked as a telecommunications rate analyst representing clients with roles in the nuclear weapons industry [3. Chasnoff quit this profession because her job was not in line with her social activism beliefs and aspirations, and began her career as a social activist and media producer . 
Kim Klausner is the co-parent of Chasnoff’s two sons Noah Klausner Chasnoff, born in 1988, and Oscar Chasnoff Klausner, born in 1994 Chasnoff is currently married to Nancy Otto who works as a glass blowing artist and a non-profit fundraising consultant [3.
Social Activism.
Chasnoff serves on the advisory board of Frameline (the San Francisco International Lesbian and Gay Film Festival), Jewish Voices for Peace, Power Up. She has been a member and owner of film distribution company New Day Films since 1996 and has served as Chair of New Day's Steering Committee twice[1.
Chasnoff is the senior producer and president of Groundspark. GroundSpark's mission is to "create films and dynamic education campaigns that move individuals and communities to take action for a more just world." Groundspark's Respect for All Project (RFAP), "seeks to create safe, hate-free schools and communities" through documentaries and accompanying educational campaigns [6.
Film career.
Chasnoff has directed and/or produced twelve films in the United States since her filmmaking career began in 1984 . 
Chasnoff directed and co-produced Choosing Children in 1984 with her partner at the time Kim Klausner This film explored same-sex parenting and helped launch a profound cultural shift regarding parenting in the LGBTQ community [1 Choosing Children showcased six families composed of same-sex parents and children brought into the family through adoption, donor insemination, foster parenting, and through previous relationships [13. 
In 1991 Chasnoff directed and produced This film targeted General Electric (GE), the multinational military corporation, proprietor of the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) and the Radio Corporation of America (RCA), and a producer of components for nuclear weapons [10. In 1992 Chasnoff won an Academy Award for Deadly Deception and thanked her then partner, Kim Klausner in her acceptance speech, and by doing so she “came out” to the public as a lesbian .
Chasnoff Co-directed Homes and Hands—Community Land Trusts in Action in 1998 with Helen S. Cohen This film explores housing and community development in the United States and asks local communities to explore models of creating affordable housing [1.
In 1999 Chasnoff directed and produced Wired for What? a film about technology in education An edited version of this film aired on PBS in 2000 in the PBS series Digital Divide—Teachers, Technology, and the Classroom [12. This film examines computerization of education to see if technology is making education more efficient and effective or dulling student’s creativity . 
Chasnoff directed and co-produced One Wedding and a Revolution in 2004 with Kate Stilley This nineteen minute long film details the political decision made by San Francisco Major Gavin Newsom to issue same-sex marriage licenses for a short time in early 2004 [14. 
Chasnoff’s organization Groundspark has produced several films as a part of its Respect for All ProjectThe series includes the following films, all directed and produced by Chasnoff, Straightlaced—How Gender’s Got Us All Tied Up, It’s Elementary—Talking About Gay Issues in School, It’s STILL Elementary, Let's Get Real, and That’s a Family! [7. It’s Elementary—Talking About Gay Issues in School (1996) illuminates how all young people are affected by anti-gay stigma, and has helped schools all over the world address anti-gay prejudice in the classroom That’s a Family! (2000) highlights a wide range of family structures such as multiracial families, families with same-sex parents, and single parent families [7. This film examines diversity from a child’s perspective and was screened at the White House to an audience of more than 100 leaders of national children's, family, education and civil rights organizations in December 2000 That’s a Family! has been widely praised by those supporting its role in diversity education but also widely attacked by conservative organizations that consider it to be gay propaganda and inappropriate for a young audience [5. Let’s Get Real (2003) is an exploration of bullying in middle schools released in 2003 It’s STILL Elementary (2007) considers the effects and political history of It’s Elementary [7. Straightlaced—How Gender’s Got us All Tied Up (2009) explores the ways that teenagers are affected by pressures to conform to gender norms.
Chasnoff also produced and directed Celebrating the Life of Del Martin (2012) which captures the moving memorial celebration for lesbian pioneer Del Martin who died in 2008. A Foot in the Door, directed by Chasnoff and produced with Kate Stilley Steiner, is a short (16 minute) documentary showcasing Kindergarten to College, the first universal children's college savings account program in the United States.
Filmography.
"Celebrating the Life of Del Martin" (2011) Director/Producer
"A Foot in the Door" (2012) Director/Producer
Awards, honors, and nominations.
For "Let’s Get Real":
For "That’s a family":
For "It’s Elementary":
For "One Wedding & A Revolution":
For "Home and Hands":
For "Deadly Deception":
For "Choosing Children":

</doc>
<doc id="18718377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718377" title="Do You Right">
Do You Right

"Do You Right" is a song by 311, released as a single in April 1993, from their album "Music" which was released February 9, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18718378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718378" title="Purden Ski Village">
Purden Ski Village

Purden Ski Village is a ski resort located on Purden Mountain on the Yellowhead Highway 60 km east of Prince George, British Columbia, Canada. The area is operated by Purden Lake and Ski Resorts, which also owns Purden Lake Resort. The area has 1100+' of vertical drop and has 25 named runs, the longest of which (Lakeview) is two miles in length. The area enjoys 400 cm (160 in) of typically dry powder annually.

</doc>
<doc id="18718379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718379" title="Alun Pask">
Alun Pask

Alun Edward Islwyn Pask (10 September 1937 – 1 November 1995) was a international rugby union player and captain.
Pask was capped twenty-six times by Wales between 1961 and 1967, twenty-three times as a flanker and three times as at number eight. He scored two tries for Wales, the first on his international debut and toured South Africa with Wales in 1964. He captained Wales in six internationals and led the side to victory in the 1966 Five Nations Championship. He was selected for the 1962 British Lions tour to South Africa, playing in three of the four internationals against , and the 1966 British Lions tour to Australia and New Zealand where he played in both tests against and three of the four against New Zealand.
He played club rugby for Abertillery.

</doc>
<doc id="18718392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718392" title="Criticism of Yahoo!">
Criticism of Yahoo!

The multinational internet corporation Yahoo! has received criticism for a variety of issues.
Yahoo! paid inclusion controversy.
In March 2004, Yahoo! launched a paid inclusion program whereby commercial websites were guaranteed listings on the Yahoo! search engine after payment. This scheme was lucrative, but proved unpopular both with website marketers (who were reluctant to pay), and the public (who were unhappy about the paid-for listings being indistinguishable from other search results). As of October 2006, Paid Inclusion ceased to guarantee any commercial listing and only helped the paid inclusion customers, by crawling their site more often and by providing some statistics on the searches that led to the page and some additional smart links (provided by customers as feeds) below the actual url.
Adware and spyware.
Yahoo! has also been criticized for funding spyware and adware — advertising from Yahoo!’s clients often appears on-screen in pop-ups generated from adware that a user may have installed on their computer without realizing it by accepting online offers to download software to fix computer clocks or improve computer security, add browser enhancements, etc. The frequency of advertising pop-ups for spyware, generated from a partnership with advertising distributor Walnut Ventures, who had a direct partnership with Direct Revenue, could be increased or decreased based on Yahoo!’s immediate revenue needs, according to some former employees in Yahoo!’s sales department.
Work in the People's Republic of China.
Yahoo!, along with Google China, Microsoft, Cisco, AOL, Skype, Nortel and others, has cooperated with the Chinese Communist Government in implementing a system of internet censorship in mainland China.
Unlike Google or Microsoft, which generally keep confidential records of its users outside mainland China, Yahoo! stated that the company cannot protect the privacy and confidentiality of its mainland Chinese customers from the authorities. 
Critics say that the companies put profits before principles. Human Rights Watch and Reporters Without Borders state that it is "ironic that companies whose existence depends on freedom of information and expression have taken on the role of censor."
Outing of Chinese dissidents.
Shi Tao.
In September 2005, Reporters Without Borders reported the following story. In April 2005, Shi Tao, a journalist working for a Chinese newspaper, was sentenced to 10 years in prison by the Changsha Intermediate People's Court of Hunan Province, China (First trial case no. 29), for "providing state secrets to foreign entities". The "secrets" were a brief list of censorship orders he sent from a Yahoo! Mail account to the Asia Democracy Forum before the anniversary of the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989.
The verdict as published by the Chinese government stated the following. Shi Tao had sent the email through an anonymous Yahoo! account. Yahoo! Holdings (the Hong Kong subsidiary of Yahoo) told the Chinese government that the IP address used to send the email was registered by the Hunan newspaper that Shi Tao worked for. Police went straight to his offices and picked him up.
In February 2006, Yahoo! General Counsel submitted a statement to the U.S. Congress in which Yahoo! denied knowing the true nature of the case against Shi Tao. In April 2006, Yahoo! Holdings (Hong Kong) was investigated by Hong Kong's Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data.
On 2 June 2006, the union representing journalists in the UK and Ireland (NUJ) called on its 40,000 members to boycott all Yahoo! Inc. products and services to protest the Internet company's reported actions in China.
In July 2007, evidence surfaced detailing the warrant which the Chinese authorities sent to Yahoo! officials, highlighting "State Secrets" as the charge against Shi Tao. The warrant requests "Email account registration information for huoyan1989@yahoo.com.cn, all login times, corresponding IP addresses, and relevant email content from February 22, 2004 to present." Analyst reports and human rights organizations have said that this evidence directly contradicts Yahoo!’s testimony before the U.S. Congress in February 2006.
Yahoo! contends it must respect the laws of governments in jurisdictions where it is operating.
Li Zhi.
Criticism of Yahoo! intensified in February 2006 when Reporters Without Borders released Chinese court documents stating that Yahoo! aided Chinese authorities in the case of dissident Li Zhi. In December 2003 Li Zhi was sentenced to 8 years imprisonment for "inciting subversion".
Wang Xiaoning.
Wang Xiaoning is a Chinese dissident from Shenyang who was arrested by authorities of the People's Republic of China for publishing controversial material online.
In 2000 and 2001, Wang, who was an engineer by profession, posted electronic journals in a Yahoo! group calling for democratic reform and an end to single-party rule. He was arrested in September 2002 after Yahoo! assisted Chinese authorities by providing information. In September 2003, Wang was convicted of charges of "incitement to subvert state power" and sentenced to ten years in prison.
On April 18, 2007, Xiaoning's wife Yu Ling sued Yahoo! under human rights laws in federal court in San Francisco, California, United States. Wang Xiaoning is named as a plaintiff in the Yahoo! suit, which was filed with help from the World Organization for Human Rights USA. "Yahoo! is guilty of 'an act of corporate irresponsibility,' said Morton Sklar, executive director of the group. "Yahoo! had reason to know that if they provided China with identification information that those individuals would be arrested."
Yahoo!’s decision to assist China's authoritarian government came as part of a policy of reconciling its services with the Chinese government's policies. This came after China blocked Yahoo! services for a time. As reported in The Washington Post and many media sources:
Human rights organizations groups are basing their case on a 217-year-old U.S. law to punish corporations for human rights violations abroad, an effort the Bush administration has opposed:
On August 28, 2007, the World Organization for Human Rights sued Yahoo! for allegedly passing information (email and IP address) with the Chinese government that caused the arrests of writers and dissidents. The lawsuit was filed in San Francisco for journalists, Shi Tao, and Wang Xiaoning. Yahoo! stated that it supported privacy and free expression for it worked with other technology companies to solve human rights concerns.
On November 6, 2007, the US congressional panel criticised Yahoo! for not giving full details to the House Foreign Affairs Committee the previous year, stating it had been "at best inexcusably negligent" and at worst "deceptive".
User-Created chat rooms, message boards, and profiles.
As a result of media scrutiny relating to Internet child predators and a lack of significant ad revenues, Yahoo!’s "user created" chatrooms were closed down in June 2005. Yahoo! News' message board section was closed December 19, 2006, due to the trolling phenomenon. In addition, in mid-October, 2008, Yahoo! deleted all information in millions of user profiles with no advance notice and little explanation.
Image search.
On May 25, 2006, Yahoo!’s image search was criticized for bringing up sexually explicit images even when SafeSearch was on. This was discovered by a teacher who was intending to use the service with a class to search for "www". Yahoo!'s response to this was, "Yahoo! is aware of this issue and is working to resolve it as quickly as possible".
Shark's fin controversy.
Yahoo! is a 40% owner of Alibaba, which facilitates the sale of shark-derived products. After investing in Alibaba, Yahoo! executives were asked about this issue, and responded: "We know the sale of shark products is both legal in Asia and a centuries-old tradition. This issue is largely a cultural-practices one."
Closing down Geocities.
Geocities was a popular web hosting service founded in 1994. At one point it was the 3rd most-browsed site on the World Wide Web. Yahoo purchased Geocities in 1999. Ten years later Yahoo closed Geocities, deleting millions of web pages in the process.
In September 2009, a month before it was closed by Yahoo, GeoCities received 10,477,049 unique visitors.
Yahoo! Groups remodel 2010.
In August 2010 Yahoo! Groups started rolling out a major software change. This change was denounced by a vast majority of users.
On September 29, 2010, Jim Stoneham, Vice President of Yahoo!’s Communities products, announced that based on members feedback, Yahoo! Groups would be rolling back the recent changes.
Flickr redesign 2013.
On 20 May 2013, Flickr, Yahoo!'s image and video hosting website, unveiled a redesigned layout and additional features, including one terabyte of free storage for all users, seamless photostream, cover photo and updated Android App. The redesigned layout fills the page with dynamically re-sized photos and, on the home page, displays recent comments on photos. "Tech Radar" described the new style Flickr as representing a "sea change" in its purpose. Many users criticized the changes, and the site's help forum received thousands of negative comments.
Yahoo! Answers redesign 2013.
Yahoo! Answers underwent a format change in early September 2013. The new format has been criticized for being aesthetically unattractive and difficult to navigate.
Yahoo malware attack.
In January 2014, after a large scale malware attack was discovered by Fox IT in the Netherlands, Yahoo! did not provide any public guidance on the number of users affected or advice on what the affected users should do.

</doc>
<doc id="18718396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718396" title="IOffer">
IOffer

iOffer is a San Francisco-based online trading community that was launched on May 1, 2002 by Steven Nerayoff.
As of February 2008, it claimed to have nearly one million total users, including approximately 75,000 sellers, although this information cannot be independently verified, nor is it known how many of these users are active.
iOffer deviates from the online auction business model and instead adopts the "negotiated commerce model", characteristic of garage sales and flea markets,
operating on the basis of negotiation between buyers and sellers rather than bidding. When a negotiation concludes successfully (i.e. a transaction occurs), iOffer charges a "final value fee" based on a sliding scale. The website advertises this distinction, claiming: "This is not an auction. It's better!"
iOffer permits free listing of items for sale, charging fees only when items are sold or for premium listing services (such as bolding, highlighting, and listing on the home page). Sellers can post an asking price or request offers; buyers, in turn, can purchase an item at its asking price or make an offer. Users can also post "want ads" at no charge and barter.
All transactions are recorded and can be viewed by other users.
iOffer competes with other similar negotiated e-commerce websites, as well as online auction sites such as eBay.
According to Greg Holden, author of multiple books about eBay, from the perspective of sellers iOffer is both a "complement"
and "good alternative" to eBay. Through iOffer's software program "Mr. Grabber", sellers can relist items from sites such as eBay, and Overstock.com onto iOffer "en masse", as well as import eBay feedback ratings.
Unlike sites such as eBay, however, iOffer provides little in the way of buyer or seller protection from fraudulent and other problem transactions. However, it does operate a C.O.P.S. scheme, similar to eBay's VERO program for items such as those involving counterfeit goods. Additionally, purchases with PayPal may be covered under PayPal's buyer protection program for items that are not received or not significantly as described.
While iOffer does not provide customer service via telephone, email customer service is available through the Helpdesk although form letter responses are frequent. 
In a January 2011 survey of more than 2,800 online sellers by the website AuctionBytes.com, iOffer ranked 16th out of 16 marketplaces with an overall rating of 3.6 out of 10, just behind eBay's 14th place rank with 4.2 out of 10. iOffer's highest marks were for Ease of Use (4.42/10) and its lowest marks were for Would Recommend This Site (3.14/10).

</doc>
<doc id="18718404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718404" title="On Fire (Spiritual Beggars album)">
On Fire (Spiritual Beggars album)

On Fire is an album by the Swedish stoner rock band Spiritual Beggars.
It was released on November 2, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18718417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718417" title="Italian Open Masters">
Italian Open Masters

The Italian Open Masters is a kart racing series based in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18718421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718421" title="Long Beach Bridge">
Long Beach Bridge

The Long Beach Bridge is a drawbridge crossing Reynolds Channel and connecting Long Beach and Island Park, New York. Crossing is free. The bridge starts in Long Beach as Long Beach Boulevard, and at Barnum Island, the main road continues northeast as Austin Boulevard, while Long Beach Road branches to the north. The NBC show The Blacklist filmed a few scenes on the Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="18718423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718423" title="List of bank failures in the United States (2008–present)">
List of bank failures in the United States (2008–present)

The 2008 financial crisis led to the failure of a large number of banks in the United States. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) closed 465 failed banks from 2008 to 2012. In contrast, in the five years prior to 2008, only 10 banks failed.
A bank failure is the closing of a bank by a federal or state banking regulatory agency. The FDIC is named as Receiver for a bank's assets when its capital levels are too low, or it cannot meet obligations the next day. After a bank's assets are placed into Receivership, the FDIC acts in two capacities—first, it pays insurance to the depositors, up to the deposit insurance limit, for assets not sold to another bank. Second, as the receiver of the failed bank, it assumes the task of selling and collecting the assets of the failed bank and settling its debts, including claims for deposits in excess of the insured limit. The FDIC insures up to $250,000 per depositor, per insured bank, as a result of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, which raised the limit from $100,000.
The receivership of Washington Mutual Bank by federal regulators on September 26, 2008, was the largest bank failure in U.S. history. Regulators simultaneously brokered the sale of most of WaMu's assets to JPMorgan Chase, which planned to write down the value of Washington Mutual's loans at least $31 billion.
List of bank failures in 2008.
The following 25 (26 including the Utah-based wholly owned subsidiary of Washington Mutual, which was covered under the same FDIC closure notice as its parent company) banks failed in 2008:
Total Assets ($mil.) from bank failures in 2008: $373,578.
List of bank failures in 2009.
The following 140 banks failed in 2009:
Total Assets ($mil.) from bank failures in 2009: $163,755.
List of bank failures in 2010.
The following 157 banks failed in 2010:
Total Assets ($mil.) from bank failures in 2010: $95,975.
List of bank failures in 2011.
The following 92 banks failed in 2011:
List of bank failures in 2012.
The following 51 banks failed in 2012:
List of bank failures in 2013.
The following 24 banks have failed in 2013:
List of bank failures in 2014.
The following 5 banks have failed in 2014:

</doc>
<doc id="18718426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718426" title="Musée des Beaux-Arts de Nantes">
Musée des Beaux-Arts de Nantes

The Fine Arts Museum of Nantes (French: Musée des beaux-arts de Nantes) is an art museum in Nantes, France.
The museum was created in 1801 with the purchase of the Cacault collection and was located in is actual Palais des Beaux-Arts since 1900.
In 2009, the architect Stanton Williams won an international competition to transform the museum with a modern extension to become the Grand Musée d’Art. This is due for completion in 2013.
Collection.
Artworks in the collection include paintings from the 13th century to modern art by painter such as:

</doc>
<doc id="18718434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718434" title="Brian Giles (second baseman)">
Brian Giles (second baseman)

Brian Jeffrey Giles (born April 27, 1960 in Manhattan, Kansas) is a former Major League Baseball player. Drafted in the third round of the 1978 Major League Baseball Draft by the New York Mets, Giles reached the major leagues in 1981 and played for the Mets until 1983 1982, he helped turn a triple play in a game against the Cubs. In 1984, he was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the rule 5 draft. He played 34 games with the Brewers in 1985 before signing with the Chicago White Sox as a free agent. He played only 9 games for the White Sox, and would not reappear in the Majors until a brief 45-game stint with the Seattle Mariners in 1990. He played his last game with the Mariners on July 7, 1990. Giles played primarily second base and shortstop.
Giles' grandfather, George Giles, was an All-Star first baseman for the Kansas City Monarchs of the Negro National League in the late 1920s.

</doc>
<doc id="18718436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718436" title="Keith Hicks">
Keith Hicks

Keith Hicks (born 9 August 1954 in Oldham, Lancashire) is an English former footballer who played as a central defender. He made 475 appearances in the Football League during the 1970s and 1980s for Oldham Athletic, Hereford United and Rochdale, before moving into non-league football with Hyde United, Mossley, including a spell as player-manager, and Radcliffe Borough.
He is now a Football in the Community officer at Rochdale.

</doc>
<doc id="18718448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718448" title="One Mo' 'Gen">
One Mo' 'Gen

"One Mo' 'Gen" is the second album by Southern rap group 95 South, released in 1995. It peaked at #158 on the "Billboard" 200, and contained the minor hit "Rodeo" which peaked at #77 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The album was produced mostly by the production duo of Jay Ski and C.C. Lemonhead, who also were members of the 69 Boyz and formed the Quad City DJ's. It didn't chart quite as well as the group's debut, "Quad City Knock"; however, it is described by Allmusic as "an improvement on their debut, featuring more confident rapping and stronger, funkier backing tracks."

</doc>
<doc id="18718453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718453" title="Michigan Department of Community Health">
Michigan Department of Community Health

The Michigan Department of Community Health (MDCH) is a department of the Michigan state government created in 1996 to oversee health policy and management. Its headquarters are in the Capitol View Building in Lansing.
History.
The Michigan Department of Community Health was created through an executive order merging Department of Public Health (as Community Public Health Agency), Department of Mental Health, Medical Services Administration from the Department of Social Services, responsibility for Liquor Control Commission, Licensing, Monitoring and Accreditation and Division of Occupational Health from Department of Commerce, Food Service Sanitation from the Department of Agriculture and many functions of Department of Social Services.

</doc>
<doc id="18718478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718478" title="Ben Rushgrove">
Ben Rushgrove

Benjamin David "Ben" Rushgrove (born 23 February 1988 in Bath) is a British sprint runner with cerebral palsy. He runs in the T36 classification, and set a world record for the T36 200m at the 2007 Visa Paralympic World Cup, becoming the first athlete to achieve under 25 seconds in the event.
He represented Great Britain in the T36 100m and 200m at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. Ben won a silver medal in the T36 100m at the Paralympic Games in Beijing 2008 in a time of 12.35 seconds. He was forced to withdraw from the 200 m event due to a foot injury.He is also involved in training Future Paralympic hopefuls at P2P Days in Bath. At the 2012 Summer Paralympics held in London, Rushgrove won the bronze medal in the T36 Men's 200 m
Rushgrove is from Bath, Somerset. He has a hearing impairment for which he wears a Phonak hearing device and has worked as a celebrity ambassador, helping to raise awareness of hearing loss.

</doc>
<doc id="18718487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718487" title="KMOM">
KMOM

KMOM (105.5 FM, "Dakota Country 105.5") is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Roscoe, South Dakota, USA, the station serves the Aberdeen area. The station is currently owned by Dakota Broadcasting.
The call sign was previously used for an AM radio station at 1070 AM licensed to Monticello, Minnesota, USA which operated during the 1980s and early 1990s.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18718506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718506" title="On a Day...">
On a Day...

On a Day: Music for Violin & Continuo (commonly referred to as: On a Day...) is the debut instrumental album by Emilie Autumn, released in 2000. The album was recorded in 1997 when Autumn was nineteen years old. Its title refers to the fact that the album took only a day to record. It consists of her performing works for the baroque violin accompanied by friends on the cello, harpsichord, and lute.
Release and promotion.
"On a Day..." was originally released by Emilie Autumn on her own record label, Traitor Records. Although it was recorded in 1997, it was not released until 2000.
The album was re-released digitally by Trisol Music Group in 2005. At the 2005 release Autumn said she considered it "more of a demo despite its length", and released it as "a saleable album" after fans who enjoyed her "rock performances starting asking for a classical album so that they could hear more of the violin".
The album was re-recorded and re-released as "Laced" on Emilie's second instrumental album "Laced / Unlaced".

</doc>
<doc id="18718508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718508" title="Canadian Journal of Philosophy">
Canadian Journal of Philosophy

The Canadian Journal of Philosophy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of philosophy that was established in 1971 by John King-Farlow, Kai Nielsen, T.M. Penelhum, and W.W. Rozeboom. It is published by the University of Calgary Press. Besides the regular issues, a supplementary volume is produced once per year consisting of invited papers on a particular philosophical topic.
Notable articles.
Some of the most notable articles published in the journal are (in date order):

</doc>
<doc id="18718523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718523" title="Bill Whaley">
Bill Whaley

William Carl Whaley (February 10, 1899 – March 3, 1943) was a Major League Baseball player. He played in the outfield and was 5 foot 11 and 178 pounds. His Major League debut was on April 16, 1923. Whaley played just 1 season in the league, as a member of the St. Louis Browns in 1923. In 23 career games, he had 12 hits with an average of .240. Bill had no home runs, 1 RBI, and 5 runs scored. His final career game was on October 6, 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="18718527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718527" title="Xelerated">
Xelerated

Xelerated Inc., founded in 2000, was a fabless semiconductor company specializing in ASSP-based Carrier Ethernet chipsets. Xelerated carried a line of programmable Network Processing Units (NPUs) and Ethernet network switches for the Metro Ethernet, access network and high-end enterprise markets.
Overview.
Xelerated’s design relies upon a patented dataflow architecture. Like an ASIC, it is optimized in relation to the flow of packets instead of the flow of instructions through a RISC core. As a result, processing speed is predictable rather than variable. Because Xelerated’s NPUs and Ethernet switches were programmable, carriers could reprogram them to adapt to new standards as they develop.
The company had offices in Santa Clara, California, Stockholm, Tel Aviv and Beijing.
In January 2012, Xelerated was acquired by Marvell Technology Group for an undisclosed sum.

</doc>
<doc id="18718529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718529" title="New Romney and Littlestone-on-Sea railway station">
New Romney and Littlestone-on-Sea railway station

New Romney and Littlestone-on-Sea was a railway station which lay in between the villages of New Romney and Littlestone-on-Sea in Kent, England. The station opened in 1884 and closed in 1967.
Early years.
The station was opened by the Lydd Railway Company on 19 June 1884, the first day of passenger services on its 3-mile branch to New Romney from its existing line between Appledore and Dungeness. At the time, a Victorian block of houses and hotels had been constructed in Littlestone-on-Sea in the hope of creating a seaside resort.
Both railway branches were served by the same train from Appledore; in some cases it went to either New Romney or Dungeness, in others, passengers for New Romney were left at Lydd while the train proceeded to Dungeness with the Lydd stationmaster who would sell tickets to passengers alighting there. The train then returned to Lydd, dropped the Dungeness passengers there, and transported the New Romney passengers to their destination. The service to New Romney in 1905 comprised eight weekday departures from Appledore - four exclusively serving New Romney and four serving New Romney and Dungeness. There was a single Sunday working to New Romney.
Station buildings.
New Romney and Littlestone station, which had the suffix on-sea added in 1888, was a small two-platformed terminus equipped with an equally small goods yard. The main station building was located on the down platform, while the goods shed was just to the south-west behind the platform together with coal wharves, an end loading dock, a water tower and other small buildings. In later years the up platform was hardly used other than as a livestock loading dock. In 1927, one of the sidings was extended across the road to deliver coal to the depot of the newly opened Romney, Hythe and Dymchurch Railway (RHDR) which was to open its own New Romney station here.
Decline and closure.
In the 1920s the long-awaited seaside development began in earnest. The Southern Railway (which had taken over the line upon the 1923 railway grouping) realigned the New Romney branch nearer the coast in 1937 and provided two intermediate stations - Greatstone-on-Sea and Lydd-on-Sea. However, the Southern had been slow in reacting to the coastal development and the RHDR had already been operating from more conveniently-sited stations for the best part of a decade. Furthermore, the pattern of services remained more or less the same until 1952 when it increased to nine services from Appledore to New Romney (including two through trains from Ashford), and four services on Sundays from Ashford. In addition, two direct services from Charing Cross were laid on for summer Saturdays.
Following the electrification of the line to Dover in 1962 and the prohibition of steam on South Eastern metals, the New Romney branch was served by diesel-electric sets with either six-car or three-car units. Although through services from Charing Cross ceased, services remained relatively regular with nine departures from Ashford and two from Appledore on weekdays. The New Romney branch was listed for closure in the Beeching Report but survived until the Minister of Transport Barbara Castle announced her approval to close the Appledore to New Romney Branch and passenger services ceased on 6 March 1967.
Present day.
Although the trackbed from Romney Junction towards New Romney is easily traceable, nothing remains of New Romney and Littlestone-on-Sea station which has been obliterated by a small trading estate. The site of the siding to the RHDR is now occupied by the west part of its New Romney station carriage sidings.

</doc>
<doc id="18718531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718531" title="KABD">
KABD

KABD (107.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Hits format. Licensed to Ipswich, South Dakota, USA, the station serves the Aberdeen area. The station is currently owned by Dakota Broadcasting.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18718537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718537" title="Earnest Evans">
Earnest Evans

Earnest Evans (アーネスト・エバンス "Ānesuto Ebansu") is a 1991 action platform game which was released in Japan for the Sega Mega-CD, and in North America for the Sega Genesis. The game was developed and published by Wolf Team in Japan, and was published in the US by Renovation. As with "Sol-Feace", the Mega-CD release has a CD soundtrack along with animated cut-scenes. It is the first in a trilogy of games which include "El Viento" and "Anetto Futatabi".
Story.
In the 1930s, a man known as Earnest Evans had learned of three ancient idols which hold enough power to destroy the Earth. Evans had decided to search the world to find the scattered idols, but was injured before he could find all three. Now, many years later, his grandson, Earnest Evans III, continues his grandfather's quest to save humanity from total annihilation. However, a rival treasure hunter named Brady Tresidder also seeks the idols to bring the world's destruction. Evans must find the treasures before Tresidder does. During his journey, Evans stumbles upon the beautiful young green-haired girl Annet Myer lying in some ruins in Peru who decides to accompany him for the rest of his adventures. The two encounter a mysterious figure by the name of Sigfried, who has unknown motives, but seems to know a lot about Hastur and his cult.
Gameplay.
As a 2D side scrolling game in which the hero uses a whip, the gameplay and design is often compared to the Castlevania series. In addition to the whip, there are three other weapons to be found, however they are only used once in certain areas. The three additional weapons are exploding rocks, a morning star, and a hammer-like weapon. The adventure takes Earnest to destinations which include raiding tombs in Mexico, Peru, moving trains, a forest, the Grand Canyons, while attempting to save the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18718538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718538" title="Ilias Manikas">
Ilias Manikas

Ilias Manikas (born 11 May 1980 in Greece) is a football striker, currently playing for Pierikos F.C.. 
Between 2008 and 2010, he played for Panetolikos. After his contract expired, he signed with Rodos F.C.
References.
Profile at epae.org

</doc>
<doc id="18718566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718566" title="70th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment">
70th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment

The 70th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment of Union Army in the American Civil War. The unit served in the Excelsior Brigade in several battles, including Antietam, Chancellorsville, Gettysburg, and the Overland Campaign.
Service.
The regiment was organized in New York City in May 1861 under the authority of the War Department as the 1st Regiment, Sickles' Brigade, at Camp Scott on Staten Island. It mustered into service on June 20, 1861. The 70th left the state for Washington, D.C., on July 23, 1861. It was subsequently attached to Sickles' Brigade, Division of the Potomac, until October, 1861. Then, it was reassigned to Sickles' Brigade, Hooker's Division, Army of the Potomac, until March 1862. (It was formally designated as the 70th Regiment New York Infantry on December 11, 1861.) The 70th was part of the 2nd Brigade, 2nd Division, Third Army Corps, Army of the Potomac, until March 1864. Then it was in the 2nd Brigade, 4th Division, Second Army Corps until May 1864. It finished the war in the 4th Brigade, 3rd Division, Second Army Corps, until July 1864.
Ordered to New York for muster out June 22, 1864. Veterans and Recruits were transferred to the 86th Regiment New York Infantry. The 70th mustered out on July 7, 1864, to date from July 1, 1864, after the expiration of its three-year term of enlistment.
The regiment lost during service 9 officers and 181 enlisted men killed and mortally wounded, and 2 officers and 62 enlisted men by disease for a total of 254 fatalities.

</doc>
<doc id="18718571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718571" title="Forrest School (Chapel Hill, Tennessee)">
Forrest School (Chapel Hill, Tennessee)

Forrest School is a public school located in Chapel Hill, Tennessee. The school serves grades 6-12 and is part of the Marshall County School District. The school also goes by the names Forrest High School (FHS) for grades 9-12 or Forrest Middle School (FMS) for grades 6-8, but is also sometimes referred to as Chapel Hill.
Forrest School is named for the Civil War general and first Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan Nathan Bedford Forrest who was born in Chapel Hill, Tennessee.
History.
Forrest School was a K-12 school until Chapel Hill Elementary School was established to serve grades K-5.
Forrest has gone through several building additions since it was established. The latest was in 2007 which included additional classrooms, a band room, and a football stadium.
Athletics.
Forrest High School competes in TSSAA's Division 1, Class A.
Boys
Girls

</doc>
<doc id="18718575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718575" title="Virtual help desk">
Virtual help desk

A virtual help desk allows IT support organizations to virtually deploy IT technicians on demand to support a computer user experiencing technical issues. IT can efficiently manage and allocate global help desk resources, including – most importantly – its personnel, to access any computer to provide support despite the end user or IT rep location. Virtual help desks allow IT reps to virtually access end systems through support sessions where they can diagnose and fix computer issues quickly. This eliminates in-person customer service calls and/or ineffective phone-only tech support sessions, making the help desk more efficient.
Another objective of the virtual help desk is to improve IT resource management and save organization's money by increasing IT support efficiencies. Through an enhanced ability to allocate resources, IT organizations have the flexibility to create new ways of using its technical support knowledge-base. This technology usually requires a software implementation and support contract.
Application/ Techniques.
Organizations can gain considerable infrastructure and cost savings by deploying virtualization technologies in hardware environments, such as data centers. However, the concept of virtualization can also be applied to the way people work. When applied to the help desk, this translates into the same number of technicians being able to handle more support incidents. As tech support problems are typically handled by the call center, contact center, or a help desk, either by telephone or remote desktop software, it’s important that technicians be able to work independently (or virtually) to quickly troubleshoot computer issues. The following points provide a quick overview of the benefits to an organization virtualizing its help desk:
1. Increased productivity: Companies can increase the number of support calls handled per day and cut the costs of lengthy service calls. Also, companies can eliminate the time and travel expense of technicians going on-site to resolve customer tech problems, improving IT resource management. 
2. Efficient routing: As technology becomes more complex, a virtualized help desk provides the infrastructure to better manage decentralized IT operations and assign expert technicians across the queue to handle a particular tech support issue. This helps streamline the overall customer service process, while minimizing the time a support caller spends navigating through an automated phone tree.
3. Improved control: Putting a help desk rep in the driver's seat to troubleshoot computer issues not only enhances the customer experience by lessening frustration, but also reduces the stress and aggravation IT staff often face when walking non-tech savvy users through a tech support session. Ensuring that your help desk staff is happy when dealing with customers significantly helps your company build and maintain strong customer relations, not to mention reducing IT staff turnover rates.
The virtual help desk resides between the systems management and service desk platforms to work with the systems that track when trouble tickets open and close, to provide an account of what happens during the support process. This level of granular support activity (e.g. the what, how, when, why and even whose mouse click is used) also helps organizations better manage its IT resources and optimize the help desk. Using a centralized, virtual help desk solution to capture important support details (e.g. record remote sessions, note where calls were transferred or how the issues were resolved) enables IT organizations to build an effective knowledge base. This increased level of understanding can be used in root cause analysis to minimize recurring help desk issues and begin to address the tech support issues that result in desktop incident resolution gap.
Example.
Within the current workplace environment, technology is rapidly making geography irrelevant. Even small companies are doing business in countries around the globe. People are now working remotely. The growing number of remote workers and telecommuters have put increased pressure on IT networks, forcing administrators to spend an increasing amount of time trying to fix users’ problems instead of their regular IT work.
This is also true for software vendors who must be able to troubleshoot and assist customers who may have purchased their product. Unlike a corporate help desk, the options for computing devices and Internet connections are endless and remain virtually unknown to the support representative until they get contacted for service.
All of this increased demand requires IT support organizations to be more agile in diagnosing and resolving desktop issues, which correlates with how the overall service support processes are run. Organizations that are integrating virtual help desk technology to optimize the overall IT support process are gaining significant benefits.
The SSPA (Service & Support Professionals Association) conducts ongoing research to provide help desk organizations with the information to reach their support and service objectives. John Ragsdale, SSPA VP of Research, reports on key benchmark information from the SSPA Benchmark Database, as well as other member and industry surveys to point out trends and best practices in support technology.
History.
Several things are driving the development of the virtualized help desk. According to IDC, key market factors include the proliferation of remote workers in the enterprise, the expansion of the small and medium-sized business (SMB) and small office/home office (SOHO) market and its increasing dependence on IT, and the need for a cost-effective way to support the consumer market. As workforces become more dispersed – 83% of companies say they operate a virtual workplace, in which more than one-quarter of employees work away from their supervisors or workgroups – responding to IT issues can be complex and costly if travel is required.
Today’s economic instability is also putting added pressure on companies to find gainful ways of optimizing current operations to ensure and build their business. In fact, recent Nemertes research found that only 44% of companies are increasing their IT budgets in 2008; and only 28% plan to do so in 2009. This means that organizations across various industries will be looking for ways to optimize IT.
Persistent IT problems that prohibit a company’s productivity are another factor as money is lost from both sides of the balance sheet. This concern is amplified when talking about external support as the stakes are higher for companies to deliver swift, effective, and reliable IT support to its customers.
References/ Further Reading.
WindowsITPro, “Virtualizing IT People: The Bomgar Box”

</doc>
<doc id="18718611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718611" title="Pacific Philosophical Quarterly">
Pacific Philosophical Quarterly

The Pacific Philosophical Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of philosophy published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the School of Philosophy (University of Southern California) and is edited by the faculty there. The journal covers all major areas of philosophy in the analytic tradition, sometimes as special issues aimed at a particular topic.
History.
The journal was established in 1920 as '"The Personalist" by Ralph Tyler Flewelling and focused on the philosophy of personalism. It obtained its current name in 1980 and "devoted itself exclusively to analytical and logical philosophy".

</doc>
<doc id="18718621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718621" title="Tim Thering Octagon Barn">
Tim Thering Octagon Barn

The Tim Thering Octagon Barn built in 1893 is an historic octagonal barn located north of 
Plain, Wisconsin. It is in excellent shape and is listed in "Dale Travis" Wisconsin Round Barns List".

</doc>
<doc id="18718637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718637" title="KZIM">
KZIM

KZIM (960 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Cape Girardeau, Missouri, USA. The station is owned by Max Media and licensed to MRR License LLC. It airs a news and talk format.
The station was assigned the KZIM call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on August 31, 1985.
Ownership.
In December 2003, Mississippi River Radio, acting as Max Media LLC (John Trinder, president/COO), reached an agreement to purchase WCIL, WCIL-FM, WUEZ, WXLT, WOOZ-FM, WJPF, KGIR, KZIM, KEZS-FM, KCGQ-FM, KMAL, KLSC, KWOC, KJEZ, KKLR-FM, KGKS, and KSIM from the Zimmer Radio Group (James L. Zimmer, owner). The reported value of this 17 station transaction was $43 million.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18718641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718641" title="Albert Hodgini">
Albert Hodgini

Albert Joseph Henry Hodgini, Sr. (1884–1962) was a circus performer.
Biography.
He was born in 1884 to an English family circus troupe, the Hodges, that Italianized their name to make it more exotic for their act. He attended a military and riding school in Germany and appeared with the Albert Schumann Circus in Berlin. 
He had as his children: Albert Joseph Henry Hodgini, Jr. and Harriet Hodgini Mazel-Szanto.
He died in 1962.
Legacy.
In 1981 the Albert Hodgini Troupe was inducted into the International Circus Hall of Fame.
Albert Hodgini is featured in the book "The Circus Age" by Janet Davis (p. 114-117), including photos of him in drag and with his wife. He played "the Original Miss Daisy" in drag with Ringling Brothers from 1908 to 1914 and was so good at it, that he got a few marriage proposals from men who thought he was a real woman.

</doc>
<doc id="18718670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718670" title="Bear Mountain Ski Hill">
Bear Mountain Ski Hill

Bear Mountain Ski Hill is a ski area located on the outskirts of Dawson Creek, British Columbia, Canada. It was built in 1959 and has a T-Bar and ten runs (beginner to intermediate). It is operated by the Bear Mountain Ski and Recreation Club. It is in the same vicinity as a large cross-country ski trail network operated by the Bear Mountain Nordic Ski Association.
The slope has 10 runs (Main, Bradford, West, Havards, Big Bear, Knox, Old Road, Easy Way Down, Bobs Run and the Chute), a terrain park as well as 7 cross-country ski trails

</doc>
<doc id="18718675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718675" title="Open Road (Cowboy Junkies album)">
Open Road (Cowboy Junkies album)

Open Road is a CD and DVD release by the Canadian band Cowboy Junkies. It is a four-hour CD/DVD documentary of performances from 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18718682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718682" title="William Jencks">
William Jencks

William Platt Jencks (August 15, 1927 – January 3, 2007) was an American biochemist. He was noted particularly for his work on enzymes, using concepts drawn from organic chemistry to understand their mechanisms.
Career.
Jencks graduated from Harvard College in 1947 with a degree in English, and earned an Doctor of Medicine from Harvard University in 1951. He interned at the Peter Bent Brigham hospital. Jencks conducted his first postdoctoral research for two years with Fritz Lipmann at Harvard Medical School. Jencks was drafted into the Army Medical Corps and was assigned to the Army Medical Service Graduate School at Walter Reed Medical Center in Washington, DC. He worked with E. L. Durrum and served as the chair of the department of pharmacology. In 1956–1957, he did a second Public Health Service (postdoc with R. B. Woodward of the Harvard University Department of Chemistry. In 1957, he moved to the new graduate program in biochemistry at Brandeis University. He became professor emeritus in 1996.
Much of his career focused on reaction mechanisms used by enzyme catalysts. He was particularly well known for studies of the reaction of nucleophiles with carbon. He proposed that enzymes use ground state destabilization, termed the Circe effect, to increase the reactivity of their bound substrates. Many of these research interests were explored in his influential text "Catalysis in Chemistry and Enzymology". Jencks published close to 400 scientific papers during his career.
Jencks was a co-founder of the biannual Winter Enzyme Mechanisms Conference. He was memorialized at the 20th Enzyme Mechanisms Meeting in St. Pete Beach, Florida, several days after his death.
Honors and awards.
Jencks was a recipient of the 1962 American Chemical Society Eli Lilly Award in Biological Chemistry, the 1993 American Society of Biological Chemists Award, the 1995 American Chemical Society James Flack Norris Award in Physical Organic Chemistry, and the 1996 American Chemical Society Repligen Corporation Award in Chemistry of Biological Processes. He was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1971. Jencks was also a foreign member of the Royal Society and a member of the American Philosophical Society.
Personal life.
Jencks's father, Gardner Jencks, was a pianist and composer. Jencks attended the Calvert School, and completed high school from St. Paul's School near Baltimore. After his first year at medical school, he did research with George Wald at the Marine Biological Laboratory at Woods Hole on lobster shell pigments. At Woods Hole, he met his future wife, Miriam Ehrlich. Jencks was survived by Miriam, his wife of 56 years, children Sara and David, grandson Benjamin, and siblings Charles Jencks, Penelope Jencks-Hurwitz, and John Cheetham.

</doc>
<doc id="18718685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718685" title="Alice Elliott">
Alice Elliott

Alice Elliott is an director, a writer, producer, college level teacher, advocate for the disabled, cinematographer, and a founding member of New Day Films, an educational film distribution cooperative.
Elliott was an actress for over twenty years, appearing in two feature films, over 100 commercials and had a recurring role on the ABC soap opera, Loving (TV series). She has produced voiceovers for radio commercials and CD-ROMs. She has written fictional plays for the stage, television and film. She continues to do voiceover work, and teaches as an adjunct professor at the NYU School of Continuing and Professional Studies.
She established her company, Welcome Change Productions in 1991, and started producing the same year. Her first movie, Diamonds in the Rough, is an hour long documentary about a gifted, inner-city high school baseball team located in the largely Dominican, Washington Heights neighborhood, of New York City.
In 1997, Alice Elliott began work on her directorial debut, The Collector of Bedford Street, which she also produced. Since its completion, The Collector of Bedford Street has visited 27 festivals and has won 13 awards. It has been nominated for an Academy Award for Documentary Short Subject.
In 2007, Alice Elliott completed , a rare look at a symbiotic relationship between two people some would call profoundly disabled.

</doc>
<doc id="18718706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718706" title="Temperate Northern Pacific">
Temperate Northern Pacific

The Temperate Northern Pacific is a biogeographic region of the Earth's seas, comprising the temperate waters of the northern Pacific Ocean.
The Temperate Northern Pacific connects, via the Bering Sea, to the Arctic marine realm, which includes the polar waters of the Arctic Sea. To the south, it transitions to the tropical marine realms of the Pacific, including the Tropical Eastern Pacific along the Pacific coast of the Americas, the Eastern Indo-Pacific in the central Pacific Ocean, and the Central Indo-Pacific of the western Pacific basin. The Taiwan Strait forms the boundary between the Temperate Northern Pacific and the Central Indo-Pacific.
Characteristic fauna include the Pacific salmon and trout "(Oncorhynchus" spp.), Gray Whale "(Eschrichtius robustus)", and North Pacific Right Whale "(Eubalaena japonica)."
Subdivisions.
The Temperate Northern Pacific is further subdivided into marine provinces, and the marine provinces divided into marine ecoregions:

</doc>
<doc id="18718722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718722" title="Lofty Wiseman">
Lofty Wiseman

John "Lofty" Wiseman is a British author and survival consultant, and a former member of the Special Air Service (SAS), the British special forces unit.
In 1959, at the age of eighteen, Wiseman became the youngest person ever to pass selection for the SAS, joining from the Parachute Regiment, which he had joined a year earlier. He went on to serve in the SAS for 26 years, rising to the rank of Sergeant Major.
After leaving the SAS in 1985, his first book was "The SAS Survival Handbook" (published in 1986). Wiseman has since become a survival consultant, writing a number of other books on the subject, as well as appearing on television. When he provided survival training to the cast of the 1990 film "Memphis Belle", his ability to make food out of unlikely materials inspired cast member Harry Connick Jr. to write "Lofty's Roach Souffle".
Wiseman is also a member of the instructional team at Trueways Survival School. 
He was also the instructor for the selection/training phase for the show, Castaway 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18718724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718724" title="Henry Ramsay (NY engineer)">
Henry Ramsay (NY engineer)

Henry Ramsay (May 18, 1808 in Guilderland, Albany County, New York – July 12, 1886 in Schenectady, New York) was an American civil engineer and for a short time New York State Engineer and Surveyor in 1853.
Life.
He was born on May 18, 1808, the son of Frederick Ramsay and Belle (Quackenbush) Ramsay.
He was educated at the Lancaster School in Albany, and graduated from The Albany Academy in 1826. Afterwards he taught school in Albany, New York. Later he became a draftsman, map maker and civil engineer. In 1831, he married Isabelle Westervelt, and they had nine children.
In 1842, he was appointed Chief Engineer of the Mohawk and Hudson Railroad between Albany and Schenectady, New York. He laid out the course of the New York Central Railroad at Schenectady, to avoid the inclined plane at that terminus. Subsequently he became Assistant Engineer on the Erie Canal enlargement. In 1849, he moved to Schenectady, and was for several terms City Surveyor.
On December 10, 1853, he was appointed New York State Engineer and Surveyor, to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of William J. McAlpine, after Wheeler H. Bristol declined to take office.
He died on July 12, 1886 in Schenectady, New York.
Legacy.
He endowed the Henry Ramsay Scholarship at The Albany Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="18718729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718729" title="The Great Show Live in Paris">
The Great Show Live in Paris

The Great Show Live In Paris is a live album by American singer-songwriter and pianist Nina Simone containing recording of Nina's performance at 2nd Montreux Jazz Festival 1968 (not in Paris).

</doc>
<doc id="18718733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718733" title="Wood (Kent cricketer, 1789)">
Wood (Kent cricketer, 1789)

Wood (first name and dates unknown) was an English cricketer who made two known appearances in first-class matches for Kent from 1789 to 1790.

</doc>
<doc id="18718748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718748" title="George Dick (footballer)">
George Dick (footballer)

After leaving the army, while making up his mind whether to take a letter of recommendation to a London club, Dick worked as a waiter in Blackpool. He asked Joe Smith, Blackpool F.C. manager, for a trial in August 1946, and within ten minutes was signed on. He played in the 1948 FA Cup Final for Blackpool against Manchester United. He also wrote training manuals and was one of the first qualified FA coaches. He managed Galatasaray in Turkey on two occasions. His life was cut short when he was killed in a road accident in 1960.
Football career.
Playing.
Dick began his professional career in 1946 with Blackpool. He made his debut for the club in their tenth league game of the 1946–47 campaign, against Arsenal at Bloomfield Road on 5 October 1946. Wearing the number 8 shirt, he scored the hosts' second goal (Stan Mortensen scored the first).
Dick went on to make a further 30 league and one FA Cup appearances that season. He scored eleven goals in the league, and finished second-top scorer behind Mortensen. Aside from his debut goal, his other strikes came against Manchester United (home, 3–1, 19 October); Stoke City (away, 1–4, 7 December); Huddersfield Town (home, 2–1, 28 December); Derby County (home, 2–1, 1 February 1947); Preston North End (two goals) (home, 4–0, 15 February); Chelsea (two goals) (away, 4–1, 8 March); and Sheffield United (two goals) (home, 4–2, 15 March).
In the 1947–48 season, Dick made sixteen league appearances, scoring two goals. Both goals came in a 5–0 victory over Everton at the seaside on 3 January 1948, which was George Farrow's last game for Blackpool. He also played in each of Blackpool's six FA Cup ties, including their unsuccessful appearance in the final against Manchester United, in what proved to be his final game for the club. He scored one of their goals in the 4–0 victory over Leeds United in the third round.
In August 1948, Dick was sold to West Ham for £7,000. He remained with "the Hammers" for a season, at the end of which he moved north to sign for Carlisle United. Two years later, in October 1951, he joined Stockport County for a short spell.
In late 1951 he signed for Workington. He retired, as captain, from the playing side of the game two years later.
Coaching.
Ghent (Belgium), U.S. Army (Germany), Galatasaray, B.1909 (Denmark)
1953–55 July 1953 Royal Racing Club de Ghent (Belgium)
1956 U.S. army coach based in Germany, 5 August travelled for interview for position with Galatasaray
1957 Boldklubben.1909 Denmark
1958–59 Galatasaray
1959–60 Boldklubben 1909 Denmark, won championship Danish Champions 1959

</doc>
<doc id="18718757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718757" title="Shames Mountain Ski Area">
Shames Mountain Ski Area

Shames Mountain Ski Area is a ski resort located 35 km (22 mi) west of the city of Terrace, British Columbia, Canada. The area's vertical drop is 488 m (1600') with a summit elevation of 1189 m (3900'), with one surface lift and one double chair. Annual snowfall at the summit is 1200 cm (475 inches).
Shames Mountain is currently on the market for $1,495,000. In an effort to rally a large group of shareholders (aka skiers) to purchase, own and operate Shames Mountain, members of the international ski community Jamie Schectman and Shanie Matthews formed the Shames Mountain Co-op in 2009.
Another group called Friends of Shames, composed of local skiers and winter sports enthusiasts, also began to hold town hall meetings in the fall of 2009 in order to get a sense of what the surrounding communities wanted from their ski hill. They opened lines of communication with the current owners of Shames and held meetings with lawyers and consultants specializing in alternative business models. Through these consultations, the best model for Shames' future success was determined to be a non-profit co-operative. In 2010, Friends of Shames applied for and were awarded grant monies for feasibility studies and the development of a business plan. With these in hand, Friends of Shames officially launched the drive to create My Mountain Co-op in February 2011.
To date (Oct 2011) My Mountain Co-op has structured a staggered purchase agreement that would see MMC run the hill for the upcoming season while approximately $550,000 is paid out in three lumps to the Shames shareholders. 
Season passes are now on sale for the 2011-2012 ski season. 

</doc>
<doc id="18718761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718761" title="KSOO-FM">
KSOO-FM

KSOO-FM (99.1 FM, "ESPN 99.1") is a radio station with a Sports format with programming from ESPN Radio. Licensed to Lennox, South Dakota, USA, the station serves the Sioux Falls area. The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media.
History.
KSOO-FM signed on in August 2008 simulcasting KSOO-AM and its News/Talk format. KSOO-FM switched to ESPN Radio in April 2009. ESPN 99.1 airs Mike and Mike, Colin Cowherd, SVP & Russillo, and Overtime hosted by Jeff Thurn weekdays from 3-6. On top of weekly programming, ESPN 99.1 broadcasts ESPN Sunday Night Baseball, NBA Regular Season and Playoff games, and ESPN Saturday Afternoon Baseball. ESPN 99.1 is also an affiliate of the Nebraska Cornhuskers Radio Network, and Green Bay Packers Radio Network."

</doc>
<doc id="18718765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718765" title="HD 183589">
HD 183589

HD 183589 is a star in a double system.

</doc>
<doc id="18718774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718774" title="Venner (Kent cricketer)">
Venner (Kent cricketer)

Venner (first name and dates unknown) was an English first-class cricketer who made two appearances for Sir Horace Mann's XI in 1789 and 1790. In one scorecard published by "CricketArchive", Venner's name is wrongly given as "Kennett" but he was definitely recorded as Venner in the main source.

</doc>
<doc id="18718780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718780" title="Harashim">
Harashim

Harashim (, "lit." Craftsmen) is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee to the north of Karmiel, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 196.
The village was established in 1980 as part of the Lookouts in the Galilee plan to encourage Jewish settlement in the region. Its name is derived from an ancient Jewish settlement in the area and the fact that some of the residents worked as blacksmiths.

</doc>
<doc id="18718787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718787" title="Sierran Arc">
Sierran Arc

In early Triassic time, an extensive volcanic arc system, called the Sierran Arc began to develop along the western margin of the North American continent. In Southern California, this volcanic arc would develop throughout the Mesozoic Era to become the geologic regions known as the Sierra Nevada Batholith, the Southern California Batholith (in the Peninsular Ranges), and other plutonic and volcanic centers throughout the greater Mojave Desert region.
Geology.
These massive belts of plutonic (intrusive) and volcanic (extrusive) regional belts and isolated centers developed as plate convergence and subduction took place farther west along the western continental margin. These igneous provinces shed vast quantities of sediment both eastward into the Western Interior Seaway and westward into Pacific margin basin. At the same time, older sedimentary materials and rocks were subjected to regional metamorphism throughout much of Southern California. In the region today, granitic rocks of Mesozic age dominate the bedrock exposed in the Peninsular Ranges, western Transverse Range, the southern Sierra Nevada, and the greater Mojave region.
Although igneous activity in the Southern California region was ongoing throughout the Mesozoic Era, the peak of the plutonism in the southern Sierra Nevada region was in the Late Cretaceous, about 100 to 80 million years ago. In addition, thick sequences (accumulations) of Mesozoic-age sedimentary rocks, mostly marine shales and sandstone of Jurassic and Cretaceous age, are locally preserved along the western side of the Peninsular Ranges and throughout the western Transverse Ranges in parts of the Santa Monica Mountains and mountainous Los Padres National Forest region north of Santa Barbara, California. A thick sequence of terrestrial sedimentary rocks are also preserved in the McCoy Mountains region near Blythe, California. Except for the sedimentary rocks mentioned above, most of the Mesozoic-age rocks in preserved in Southern California display intermediate to high grades of metamorphism, typical of material that may have been buried to mid-crustal depths (probably in a range of 10 to 20 kilometers). Although the region was no doubt extensively covered with terrestrial and marine sedimentary deposits that interfingered volcanic deposits from the volcanic centers, most of this material was stripped away by erosion following regional uplift that continued into the following Cenozoic Era.

</doc>
<doc id="18718791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718791" title="David Brain (disambiguation)">
David Brain (disambiguation)

David Brain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18718798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718798" title="Gilbert Godsmark">
Gilbert Godsmark

Gilbert Godsmark (b. January 1877, Derby; d. February 1901) was an English association footballer, who played as an inside forward for Newton Heath in 1900. Godsmark began his career at Ashford, and, on the recommendation of forward Bob Donaldson, became Newton Heath's first signing for which a fee had to be paid when he joined the club for £40 in January 1900. However, his stay at Newton Heath was curtailed by a call-up to the British Army three months later, after just nine league appearances and four goals. With the Army, Godsmark served in the Second Boer War. However, after just nine months in South Africa, Godsmark died from an unknown disease .

</doc>
<doc id="18718801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718801" title="Winston White">
Winston White

Eric Winston White (born 26 October 1958) is an English former footballer who made 529 league appearances with 13 different clubs in a 17-year career in the Football League.
He began his career with Leicester City, before signing with Hereford United three years later. In 1983 he ended up at Bury following brief stays at Hong Kong Rangers, Chesterfield, Port Vale and Stockport County. He helped the "Shakers" to win promotion out of the Fourth Division in 1984–85. Loaned out to Rochdale, he was allowed to sign with Colchester United on a free transfer in March 1987. He was sold on to Burnley for £17,500 in October 1988, before he joined West Bromwich Albion for a £35,000 fee in 1991. He was released from his contract in October 1992, and then had brief spells with Bury, Doncaster Rovers, Carlisle United, and Wigan Athletic.
Playing career.
White began his career at Leicester City, who finished 11th in the First Division in 1976–77 under Jimmy Bloomfield's stewardship. The "Foxes" were relegated in last place in 1977–78 under Frank McLintock, before finishing just three places and three points above the Second Division relegation zone in 1978–79 under Jock Wallace, Jr. White then left Filbert Street for Hereford United, and played a total of 208 league and cup games for the "Bulls", scoring 24 goals.
Manager Frank Lord failed to take the club out of the Fourth Division re-election zone in 1979–80 or 1980–81, though the Edgar Street outfit did reach tenth in 1981–82, before finishing bottom of the Football League in 1982–83 under Tommy Hughes. White left Hereford in 1983, moving to Hong Kong to turn out for Hong Kong Rangers of the Hong Kong First Division League. After returning to his native England he had trials with Chesterfield and Port Vale, appearing as a substitute for the "Valiants" in a 2–1 Third Division defeat at Newport County on 29 October 1983, before leaving Vale Park two days later. He moved on to Bury via Stockport County, both of whom were in the Fourth Division. The "Shakers" finished 15th in 1983–84 under Jim Iley, before clinching the fourth automatic promotion place in 1984–85 under Martin Dobson. White left Gigg Lane for a loan spell at Rochdale, who were struggling back in the Fourth Division. Bury held on to their Third Division status in 1985–86 and 1986–87.
White signed with Colchester United on a free transfer in March 1987. He made 78 appearances in all competitions, including 50 in 1987–88, before joining Burnley for £17,500 in October 1988. During his time at Layer Road the club slipped down the Fourth Division, as Mike Walker was replaced by Roger Brown and then Steve Foley. He scored twice against Colchester on 10 February 1989, hitting six goals in 39 games for the "Clarets" in 1988–89; the "Lancashire Telegraph" ran with the headline "Winston turns on the black magic". Manager Brian Miller had left Turf Moor the previous month, and the club improved under new boss Frank Casper. White scored nine goals (including six penalties) in 50 appearances in 1989–90. He then hit six goals in 40 games in 1990–91, helping the club to the play-offs, where they were beaten by Torquay United. Before the play-offs came he was signed by West Bromwich Albion for a £35,000 fee.
The "Baggies" slipped out of the Second Division in 1990–91, and missed out on the Third Division play-offs by one place and three points in 1991–92 under Bobby Gould. White was released from his contract at The Hawthorns by new boss Osvaldo Ardiles in October 1992. He returned to former club Bury, who were managed by his former boss Mike Walsh, and saw the 1992–93 season out with brief spells at Doncaster Rovers, Carlisle United and Wigan Athletic.
Playing style.
White was a crowd pleaser who "played football with a smile on his face, and terrorised teams with his tricky wing play."
Post-retirement.
After retiring from football, White ran a restaurant in Padiham, and was later appointed Regional Sales Manager at Life Fitness.

</doc>
<doc id="18718813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718813" title="Nathan Ward">
Nathan Ward

Nathan Ward (born December 8, 1981 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player.
Career.
Ward's senior level career began with his move into the NCAA for Lake Superior State University (LSSU). Ward established himself quickly, and in his first season managed to score 10 points in 38 games.
Ward would continue to be a key player for LSSU, and in the following three seasons totaled 54 points, missing only a handful of games. After Ward had finished playing for LSSU, he moved to sign for the Odessa Jackalopes in the Central Hockey League. Despite it being Ward's first professional hockey season, he averaged almost a point every two games. This productivity persuaded the Jackalopes to re-sign Ward for the 2007-08 term. Ward would improve again, this time managing 63 points in 64 games, and helping the Jackalopes into the post-season.
In the summer of 2008, Ward took the decision to play his hockey outside North America for the first time, signing with the Manchester Phoenix to play under head coach Tony Hand. Ward moved to Manchester in July 2008 along with his Jackalopes team-mate Alex Dunn. A successful season would follow in Manchester, with the organisation reaching both domestic cup finals and making the play-offs. Ward was key to the success, proving himself as a play-maker and goal-scorer. Despite the team's on-ice improvement, financial problems continued and the Phoenix moved into the EPL at the end of the season. This would considerably limit the budget available, and consequently much of the senior squad, including Ward, was released and signed on September 25, 2009 by Flint Generals.

</doc>
<doc id="18718827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718827" title="Oviedo, Pedernales">
Oviedo, Pedernales

Oviedo is a city and municipality in the Pedernales province of the Dominican Republic. It is the southernmost city of the Dominican Republic and of the Hispaniola island.

</doc>
<doc id="18718842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718842" title="Portobello Post">
Portobello Post

Portobello Post is a video & film post production house on Portobello Road in London. The post house specialises in all areas of post production including grading, offline and online editing.
In 2008 Portobello post teamed up with Talent Circle the creators of Super Shorts Film Festival to become main sponsors and organisers of the festival in 2008. The 'Portobello Post Super Shorts International Film Festival' was held between 1–6 July in Central London.
Director of the company, Luti Fagbenle placed the wall of the post house up for auction on popular auction site eBay after notorious British graffiti artist Banksy stenciled artwork on it. The event generated attention from newspapers worldwide and the wall which was claimed to be worth £400,000 has reported by The Metro Newspaper to have been sold for £200,000. There is still much mystery and skepticism around the sale as the wall remains at Portobello Post.

</doc>
<doc id="18718843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718843" title="Kamon, Israel">
Kamon, Israel

Kamon (, "lit." Cumin) is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee on the two eastern peaks of Mount Kammon, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 580.
The village was established in 1980 by seven families, who initially lived in mobile homes.

</doc>
<doc id="18718856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718856" title="John Carter (cricketer)">
John Carter (cricketer)

John Carter (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 2 known appearances in major cricket matches in 1789.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Nottingham.

</doc>
<doc id="18718877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718877" title="Wild Place Project">
Wild Place Project

The Wild Place Project is an extension to Bristol Zoo.
In 2008 Bristol Zoo Gardens announced plans to submit plans to South Gloucestershire Council for the development of a new 55-hectare National Wildlife Conservation Park (NWCP). It is expected to cost for the circa £70 million and is scheduled to open in 2012.
It will be on the northern outskirts of Bristol, close to Junction 17 of the M5, opposite Cribbs Causeway. 
The Park has been designed to link specific ecosystems and conservation programmes across the world, and will be split into biomes, representing species found only in specific habitats. Some of the biomes to be included are Congo Basin Tropical Forest, Central American Swamp, African Savannah, Sumatra Tropical Forest, Nepal Riverine Forest, Coral Reef, British Ancient Woodland and British Wetlands.
The species list for each ecosystem has not yet been finalised, but is likely to include Manatees, Crocodiles, Bonobos, Okapi, Bongo, Sumatran tiger, Orangutan, Giraffe, Zebra, Warthog, Kudu, African hunting dog, Rhinoceros, Brown bear and Wolf.
Development of the Park has been supported by the South West of England Regional Development Agency through a grant of £1.5million.
The park officially opened on the 22 July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18718879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718879" title="2008 World Junior Baseball Championship">
2008 World Junior Baseball Championship

The 2008 World Junior AAA Championship was held in Edmonton, Canada from July 25 through August 3, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18718941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718941" title="European Journal of Philosophy">
European Journal of Philosophy

The European Journal of Philosophy is a peer-reviewed academic journal of philosophy published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell. It was established by Mark Sacks in 1993 and the current editor-in-chief is Robert Stern.
Notable articles.
The following articles are listed by the journal as its "Top Articles":

</doc>
<doc id="18718952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718952" title="Metropolitan Cathedral, Iași">
Metropolitan Cathedral, Iași

The Metropolitan Cathedral, Iași (), located at 16 Ștefan cel Mare și Sfânt Boulevard, Iaşi, Romania, is the seat of the Romanian Orthodox Archbishop of Iaşi and Metropolitan of Moldavia and Bukovina, and the largest Orthodox church in Romania. It is dedicated to Saint Paraschiva, to the Presentation of Jesus and to Saint George. Its form was inspired by the late Italian Renaissance style (Trinità dei Monti in particular), with Baroque elements dominating the interior and exterior decorative features. The Metropolitan Cathedral is listed in the National Register of Historic Monuments.
History.
Two churches previously stood on the site: the White Church (15th century) and the Presentation Church (17th century). On 8 August 1826, prince Ioan Sturdza signed a decree ordering construction of the cathedral; Metropolitan Veniamin Costache laid the cornerstone on 3 July 1833 and guided construction in its early years. Work began in 1833, using a neo-classical design by Viennese architects Gustav Freywald and Bucher, and continued at a rapid pace until 1841, in the latter years under the Russian architect Mihail Singurov. In 1839, serious cracks had appeared on the large central arch, which collapsed on 23 May 1857, taking the interior columns with it. Various solutions were attempted (in 1840 Singurov replaced the brick ceiling with wood, for example), but the building remained ruined for decades.
At the urging of Metropolitan Iosif Naniescu (1875-1902), the newly independent Romanian state decided to start the restoration work of the cathedral. A new cornerstone was laid on 15 April 1880. Architect Alexandru Orăscu, rector of the University of Bucharest, designed new plans that added two rows of massive pilasters to the interior, creating a rectangular basilica shape, with a central nave and two smaller side naves. The four detached side spires were kept, but the large central dome was eliminated and replaced with a system of four semicircular sections, separated by transverse arches. Gheorghe Tattarescu painted the icons and decorative elements in a style that respected Orthodox norms but also showed a Renaissance influence. The four Biblical scenes above the central nave, the saints' faces and the decorative compositions all show an Italian neo-classical rigor, to which the artist had been exposed during his studies at Rome's Accademia di San Luca. This creates harmony between the painting and the architectural style. The stained glass was worked in Munich and redone after World War II, under Metropolitan Justinian Marina. Two valuable icons painted in the 16th century are kept inside; they depict Christ Pantocrator and the Madonna and Child. The eastern façade has six columns on a high stone base, above which is a high bas-relief of the Presentation. The western façade has eight columns separated by the entrance, above which is a curved mosaic also showing the Presentation; above that is a stone carving of Saint George. The roof is decorated with zinc fleurons and stylized crosses adorn both the roof and the four spires.
The cathedral was consecrated on 23 April 1887, in the presence of King Carol I and Queen Elisabeth, who had donated large sums for the project. In 1889, the relics of Saint Paraschiva, patron saint of Moldavia, were brought from Trei Ierarhi Monastery and continue to attract crowds of pilgrims, particularly on her feast day (October 14). These are located on the right side of the vestibule, as are those of Veniamin Costache.

</doc>
<doc id="18718956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718956" title="Koranit">
Koranit

Koranit (, "lit." Thyme) is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee on Mount Shekhanya, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 655.
The village was established in 1978 as a moshav shitufi, and was later converted to a communal settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="18718957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718957" title="Idre">
Idre

Idre is a locality and winter resort situated in Älvdalen Municipality, Dalarna County, Sweden with 794 inhabitants in 2010. It was also a historical parish and former municipality.
The two parishes "Särna" and "Idre" were originally part of Norway but were occupied by Swedish farmers in 1644. The 1645 Treaty of Brömsebro was ambiguous regarding the status of the parishes, but when the exact path of the border was to be decided in 1751 Norway accepted a border west of Idre and Särna.
In 1971 the three municipalities "Särna", "Idre" (which itself had been split off from Särna in 1916) and "Älvdalen" were amalgamated to form the present municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="18718961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718961" title="Duzmo Motorcycles">
Duzmo Motorcycles

Duzmo Motorcycles was a British motorcycle manufacturer. Founded in Enfield Highway, London in 1919 by John Wallace, engines for the early Duzmo machines were manufactured by the Advance Motor Manufacturing Company in Northampton. Wallace had no training as an engineer but while he was still at school he set up a workshop in his garden and built a motorcycle from parts. This experience helped him secure an apprenticeship with Collier & Sons. His father bought him a Rudge racing motorcycle and he began competing at Brooklands. Originally riding for JAP until they found he was under age, Wallace met Bert le Vack and both found work at Scottish car makers Arrol-Johnston designing aircraft engines for the duration of the First World War. 
After the war Wallace designed a racing motorcycle engine and sold the design to the Portable Tool and Engineering Company of Enfield Highway, who employed Wallace as their chief designer. Bert le Vack helped with development and between them created the Duzmo in 1920. They were keen to go into production but the Portable Tool directors decided to wind up the company. Wallace borrowed money to go it alone and built Duzmo motorcycles under his own name, with engines made for him by The Advance Motor Manufacturing Co. of Northampton.
Wallace designed the last Duzmo in 1923. It had a number of novel innovations, including an inclined engine and low seat but only one was built before Wallace ran out of money and had to sell the business to D. J. Sheppards. He returned to aircraft engine design with D. Napier & Sons and died in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18718967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718967" title="Giorgio Stegani">
Giorgio Stegani

Giorgio Stegani (October 13, 1928 - ) is an Italian film and television writer, film director and second unit director.
Stegani is best known for his western films of the 1960s. He wrote the script for westerns such as "Un Dollaro bucato" (1965), directed and wrote "Adiós gringo" in 1965 and co-wrote "Mille dollari sul nero" (1966).

</doc>
<doc id="18718975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718975" title="J. Nutt (Leicestershire cricketer)">
J. Nutt (Leicestershire cricketer)

J Nutt (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 2 known appearances in major cricket matches in 1789.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Leicestershire.

</doc>
<doc id="18718977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718977" title="Friedrich Rathgen">
Friedrich Rathgen

Friedrich Rathgen, (1862–1942) was a German Chemist and a founder of the field of Conservation science.
Biography.
Friedrich Rathgen was born in Eckernförde, Schleswig-Holstein, on 2 June 1862. He began his formal education at the University of Göttingen in 1881 where he studied the natural sciences. After a brief period of study in Berlin, Rathgen completed his education at the University of Marburg where he received his doctoral degree in organic chemistry in 1886 (Rathgen 1886). The following year Rathgen served as a research assistant to the German chemist, H. H. Landholt, in Berlin where he worked on various aspects of sugar polarization. In 1888 Rathgen was appointed the first Director of the newly formed Chemical Laboratory of the Royal Museums of Berlin where he remained until his retirement in 1927
Friedrich Rathgen is significant in the early development of art conservation, particularly for archaeological conservation. Firstly he was the first chemist to be employed by a museum, the Koniglichen Museen, Berlin (Royal Museums of Berlin), in 1888. This was an event important thatenough for Chris Caple (2000 P.53) to write: "It was, perhaps, only in 1888 that conservation as a profession discipline can truly be seen to have started". This helped in establishing the birth of conservation science.
His second major contribution was to publish a Handbook of Conservation. "In 1898 Rathgen published the first edition of his handbook Die Konservierung von Altertumsfunden (The Conservation of Antiquities) (Rathgen, 1898). This was the first comprehensive treatment of the subject; it drew upon his ten years of experience and practical work in the field". It was translated into English in 1905 (Rathgen 1905). Prior to this there had been several short works, including works by Rathgen, published about conservation, but nothing devoted purely to the subject.
Rathgen's handbook was divided into two parts, a format which was adhered to in all subsequent editions:
Many of the methods employed today for the treatment of archaeological materials may be found here in one form or another although Rathgen is rarely cited as a source of reference.
Legacy.
The Rathgen Research Laboratory, bearing Rathgen's name, carries forward the tradition of the old "Chemical Laboratory of the Royal Museums in Berlin" and is today the world's oldest scientific museum laboratory. It has become a leading institution for conservation science, art technology and archaeometry. The Laboratory carries out investigations on a broad variety of materials within the museum environment and conducts research on the preservation of monuments and archaeological sites.
Publications.
Some of Rathgen's Key Publications.

</doc>
<doc id="18718985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18718985" title="1926 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1926 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The 1926 College Basketball All-American team, as chosen by the Helms Foundation. The player highlighted by gold indicates that he was chosen as the Helms Foundation Player of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="18719007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719007" title="Twenty Chickens for a Saddle">
Twenty Chickens for a Saddle

Twenty Chickens for a Saddle is a 2008 memoir by British author Robyn Scott.

</doc>
<doc id="18719009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719009" title="Eaton, Crane &amp; Pike Company Factory">
Eaton, Crane &amp; Pike Company Factory

The Eaton, Crane & Pike Company Factory is a historic factory at 75 S. Church Street in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. The brick factory building was built in 1883 by the Terry Clock Company, which had its origins in the manufacture of clocks by Eli Terry in 1793. That company and its successors owned the facility until 1899, when it was acquired by Arthur W. Eaton and his business associates, the forerunners of the Eaton Paper Company.
The factory was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18719013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719013" title="C. Wilkinson (Leicestershire cricketer)">
C. Wilkinson (Leicestershire cricketer)

C Wilkinson (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 2 known appearances in major cricket matches in 1789.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Leicestershire.

</doc>
<doc id="18719016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719016" title="1927 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1927 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The 1927 College Basketball All-American team, as chosen by the Helms Foundation. The player highlighted by gold indicates that he was chosen as the Helms Foundation Player of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="18719019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719019" title="New Boston Inn">
New Boston Inn

New Boston Inn is a historic inn at 101 North Main Street, the junction of MA 8 and MA 57 in Sandisfield, Massachusetts. Although the inn site was first occupied by Daniel Brown, an early settler of Sandisfield, the inn was probably built c. 1800 by one of his sons. Its location places it at the junction of three major stagecoach routes. The building has been restored, and is again operated as an inn; it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18719025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719025" title="New Marlborough Village">
New Marlborough Village

New Marlborough Village is a historic district encompassing the heart of the oldest village in New Marlborough, Massachusetts. It includes properties on MA 57, New Marlborough, Monterey and Southfield Roads. New Marlborough was settled in 1740 by Benjamin Wheeler, who built a house in what is now the village center area that still stands. The village center grew nearby his house, and now includes a village green, church, and a number of 18th and 19th century houses. The district also includes some industrial remains, including those of an 1830s foundry, and a historic tavern building that dates to the 18th century.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18719035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719035" title="2007 Canadian Floorball Championships">
2007 Canadian Floorball Championships

The 2007 Canadian Floorball Championships were the first national championships in Canadian floorball. It was held in June 2007 in Montreal, Quebec. The province of Quebec captured the men's national championship, while the province of Ontario captured the national championship on the women's side. The 2007 Canadian Floorball Championships were also the first tournament sanctioned by Floorball Canada.
Men's championship results.
Qualification round.
The two teams at the bottom of the table after the preliminary round play each other in a qualification match to decide who plays in the championship match against the team at the top of the table. The losing team wins the bronze medal and captures 3rd place. The winning team is guaranteed at least 2nd place and a silver medal.
Championship match.
The team at the top of the table at the end of the preliminary round receives an automatic bye into the championship match. They will play against the winner of the qualification round for the Canadian National Floorball Championship.
Women's championship results.
Since there are only two women's teams in the 2007 Canadian Floorball Championships, the teams play 2 games against each other, and the winner of the tournament is found using aggregate scoring.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18719036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719036" title="Ma'ale Tzviya">
Ma'ale Tzviya

Ma'ale Tzviya (, "lit." Zvia Heights), also Tzviya, is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee to the south-east of Karmiel, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 281.
The village was established in 1979 as a kibbutz, and was named after Zivia Lubetkin, one of the leaders of the Jewish underground in Nazi-occupied Warsaw. The kibbutz was closed in 1986 and the site taken over by members of the "Atid" (lit. "Future") gar'in, who founded a communal settlement with the assistance of the Jewish Agency.
The founders defined the settlement as "a Jewish Israeli settlement according to the way of Emin", Emin being an international philosophical and spiritual group also known as The Template Network.

</doc>
<doc id="18719038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719038" title="Nichols-Sterner House">
Nichols-Sterner House

The Nichols-Sterner House is a historic house on Swamp Road in Richmond, Massachusetts. It is one only two brick houses in a Federalist-Greek Revival transition in Richmond. It was built in 1820 and occupied for over 100 years by the local Nichols family. In 1925 the house was sold to Flora Lash Sterner, wife of artist Albert Sterner. The Sterners used the house as a summer residence until Albert's death in 1946. Mrs. Sterner did not use the house thereafter, and it suffered from the neglect. She sold the house in 1981, and the new owners undertook steps to restore the property.
The house, and that remain of the Nichols property, were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18719051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719051" title="Norad Mill">
Norad Mill

The Norad Mill is a historic mill located at 60 Roberts Drive, between Massachusetts Avenue and Route 2 (State Road), in North Adams, Massachusetts. It is the oldest mill complex in North Adams that has not had its exterior significantly altered, making visible much of its Italianate styling. It was built in 1863 by Sanford Blackinton, one of North Adams' leading mill owners, and operated as the North Adams Woolen Company. Blackinton used the mill to produce woolen goods that were in high demand during the American Civil War. The business was reorganized as the North Adams Manufacturing Company in 1877. The mill continued to be the site of woolen textile production, under a variety of corporate names, until 1947. In 1954 the Excelsior Printing Company began operations in the facility; it was acquired by Crane & Co., which (as of the 1985 National Register nomination), continued to operate that business under its original name. The mill complex includes, in addition to the main mill building, several 19th century extensions and a storehouse erected in 1904. The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18719052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719052" title="1928 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1928 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The 1928 College Basketball All-American team, as chosen by the Helms Foundation. The player highlighted by gold indicates that he was chosen as the Helms Foundation Player of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="18719065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719065" title="Normal School Historic District">
Normal School Historic District

The Normal School Historic District is a historic district in North Adams, Massachusetts. It consists of a group of ten buildings located along Church Street, roughly from Bradley Street in the south to Murdock Hall on the campus of the Massachusetts College of Liberal Arts (MCLA) in the north. The buildings represent a period of cohesive development of the area in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, shortly after the normal school (later North Adams State College, then MCLA) was established. It includes nine houses, eight of which are private residences, and one institutional building, Murdock Hall, dating to the inception of the normal school. The tenth building is the President's House, which is next door to Murdock Hall on the MCLA campus.
All of the residential properties, including President's House, are large Victorian houses. Six are in the Queen Anne style, with porches and turreted sections, while three are in the Colonial Revival style. Murdock Hall was built in 1896 (as was President's House) and served as the normal school's main building. It is a rectangular Italianate structure built of yellow brick designed by noted architect H. Neill Wilson, and features a central pilaster-supported triangular pediment. President's House is built of the same materials, but with Colonial Revival styling. A dormitory built at the same time has not survived.
South of President's House on the west side of Church Street are three private residences, all built in either 1896 or 1897. The first of these, the Queen Anne style Hawkins House, was built according to a mail-order plan, and features some of the most elaborate woodwork in North Adams. The other five private residences are situated on the east side of Church Street; all but one was built in the early 1890s, before the normal school was established.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18719074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719074" title="North Becket Village Historic District">
North Becket Village Historic District

North Becket Village Historic District is a historic district encompassing the historic village of North Becket in the Berkshire hill town of Becket, Massachusetts. The district encompasses of a village that was constructed in response to the arrival of the railroad in the area. The district is predominantly rural in character, but there is a cluster of public buildings, including a church and the Becket Arts Center at its heart. Most buildings in the district were built in the 1840s in the Greek Revival style. Industrial buildings construct at that time and in later years were destroyed by a major flood in 1927, leaving only foundation remnants. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18719083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719083" title="Manuel de Roda">
Manuel de Roda

Manuel de Roda y Arrieta, (Zaragoza, 1706 - 30 August 1782, aged 75), Former Ambassador in Rome under King Fernando VI of Spain, (September 23, 1713 – August 10, 1759), King of Spain from 1746 until his death, and nominated by King Carlos III of Spain, (January 20, 1716 – December 14, 1788), step brother of Fernando VI and formerly King of Naples and Sicily till the death of his brother Fernando, Ministry of "Grace and Justice", which he held for 17 years till his death at the Royal Site of San Ildefonso, Segovia. There, he was buried at the "Christ Chapel" of this Summer Royal Palace deciding the King to pass his title of Marqués de Roda to Miguel Joaquin Lorieri, married to his niece Francisca de Alpuente y Roda.
He participated actively in the gestions to create the Royal Spanish Academy of History (1735–1738).
He was instrumental in the expulsion of the Jesuits as from 1767, from Spain and Spanish Controlled territories abroad in Europe, America and the Philippine Islands in the East World, as the Portuguese did also in all their domains earlier (circa 1759), under Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, 1st Count of Oeiras, 1st Marquis of Pombal, (13 May 169915 May 1782, aged 83), followed by Spanish, French and many Italian territories during the period 1767 - 1769 . This religious Roman Catholic Order, would be hounded under European pressures around the aging Roman Pope Clement XIII, (Venice, March 7, 1693 – February 2, 1769 in Rome), born Carlo della Torre di Rezzonico, who was Pope from 16 July 1758 to 2 February 1769.
The Society of Jesus as Institution would be banned on July 21, 1773 by the Pope Clement XIV, (31 October 1705 – 22 September 1774), born Giovanni Vincenzo Antonio Ganganelli, who was Pope from 1769 to 1774.
The banning brief "Dominus ac Redemptor" appeared at that date, being suppressed thus the Society of Jesus, by the Roman Pope Clement XIV. Russia, Prussia and Poland (then absorbed by Russia) denying papal catholic authority (and Bourbon's influence) in their kingdom forbade the promulgation of the brief and ordered the Jesuits to carry on their educational activities wherever they were.
Some bibliography and internet links.
http://hdl.handle.net/10045/4749
Refined extract by A.E. on this net link:
Correspondence with Minister of Justice de Roda from Ignacio de Heredia, (Spanish Embassy in Paris, as Secretary of the Embassador Count of Aranda),Pedro Pablo Abarca de Bolea y Jiménez de Urrea, 10th Count of Aranda (Siétamo, Huesca, 1718- Épila, Saragossa 1798), dealing with Spanish Literature, the lawsuits against Pablo de Olavide y Jáuregui, (Lima, Peru, 1725 January 25 – Baeza, Spain, 1803 February 25), the comments on the Spanish defeat of 1775 trying to conquer the African city of Alger, and the purchasing orders for Paris Librarians to enhance the magnificent library of de Roda, today conserved and visited by prestigious hispanists in the Real Seminario de San Carlos de Zaragoza.

</doc>
<doc id="18719088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719088" title="North Egremont Historic District">
North Egremont Historic District

The North Egremont Historic District is a historic district in Egremont, Massachusetts. It encompasses a crossroads village in the northern part of the town, where the north-south road, now Massachusetts Route 71, connects Kinderhook, New York to points further south, and the east-west road runs from Hillsdale, New York, toward Housatonic, Massachusetts. The district encompasses some along these and other roadways near their junction. The oldest property in the area, a house, has elements dating to 1764, and the district includes three historic church buildings, the oldest being a significantly altered Baptist meetinghouse from 1816. The later churches are an 1887 Baptist church, built as a replacement for the first one, and a Methodist church built in the Renaissance Revival style in 1861. The only other notable institutional building is the wood frame clapboarded North Egremont School, built in 1880. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18719091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719091" title="C. Towell (MCC cricketer)">
C. Towell (MCC cricketer)

C Towell (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 2 known appearances in major cricket matches in 1791.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC).

</doc>
<doc id="18719101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719101" title="Northeast School">
Northeast School

The Northeast School (or District No. 1 School) is a historic school building at 981 Summit Road in Richmond, Massachusetts. The one-room schoolhouse was built in 1820. The main portion of the building measures 24.5' by 23.5', and there is an ell on the north end that measures 16' by 16'9". The building was moved across the street from its original location in 1993. The basic construction was post and beam, and the building received significant restorative work in the late 19th century.
The schoolhouse remained in use until 1937, when a new townwide school was opened. It was sold and used by farmer for storage and as a pighouse. In 1993 the Richmond Historical Society acquired the building, restored it, and moved it to its present location. The school was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18719102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719102" title="La Cruz del Viajero">
La Cruz del Viajero

La Cruz del Viajero (The Cross of the Traveller) is a monument placed by Franciscan monks in 1672 in the small town of Magdalena Vieja (now Pueblo Libre), just outside Lima, the capital city of Peru, and the old centre of the Spanish Empire in the Americas.
This followed a tradition started by Conquistador Francisco Pizarro, requiring the placement of a cross on the main routes to other parts of the country. Travellers would stop at the cross to ask for protection on their journeys, either across Peru or via ship to Central America or Spain, where the cross was made.
The old cross remains near the centre of the modern-day district of Pueblo Libre and is one of its main attractions.

</doc>
<doc id="18719107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719107" title="KSIM">
KSIM

KSIM (1400 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Sikeston, Missouri, USA. The station is owned by River Radio and licensed to MRR License LLC. It airs a News/Talk format. KSIM shares significant programming with sister station KZIM.
The station was assigned the KSIM call letters by the Federal Communications Commission.
Ownership.
In December 2003, Mississippi River Radio, acting as Max Media LLC (John Trinder, president/COO), reached an agreement to purchase WCIL, WCIL-FM, WUEZ, WXLT, WOOZ-FM, WJPF, KGIR, KZIM, KEZS-FM, KCGQ-FM, KMAL, KLSC, KWOC, KJEZ, KKLR-FM, KGKS, and KSIM from the Zimmer Radio Group (James L. Zimmer, owner). The reported value of this 17 station transaction was $43 million.

</doc>
<doc id="18719108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719108" title="Sundo">
Sundo

Sundo is a 2009 Filipino suspense-thriller film from director Topel Lee, with screenplay written by his Ouija screenwriter Aloy Adlawan. The film stars Robin Padilla, Katrina Halili, Rhian Ramos, Hero Angeles, Mark Bautista and Sunshine Dizon. The film was released on March 18, 2009. 
Plot.
The film opens with Vanessa (Iza Calzado) who was killed when she was visited by her long dead husband as her companion. The film then cuts to Romano (Robin Padilla), a retired military operative who goes into seclusion after being seriously wounded in battle and almost died, discovers that he has the uncanny ability of seeing ghosts around people who will soon encounter sudden, disastrous deaths. Worried of his brother, Romano’s blind sister Isabel (Rhian Ramos) persuades him to return to Manila with the help of Louella (Sunshine Dizon), Romano’s childhood friend who harbors affection for him.
An aspiring actress, Kristina (Katrina Halili), a widow, Lumen (Glydel Mercado), and her nephew, Eric (Hero Angeles) hitch a ride with Romano, Isabel and Louella along with Louella’s driver, Baste (Mark Bautista). On their way back to the city, the group manages to avoid a fatal accident on the road and their respective “sundo” or ghost companion by a twist of fate. After surviving, the group took their supper in a local eatery somewhere in Baguio. Lumen, who was eager to pee, went into the bathroom where she died as a rail spike pins her head. Soon, Eric died in a series of odd reactions similar to Final Destination happened as he was electrocuted.
The group realized that there is a way to cheat death as Baste and Romano nearly survives a large explosion in a public market killing a large populace. Then the group starts to die in gruesome ways and Kristina, Baste and Isabel died in mysterious ways. Romano was confronted by death for the last time in the rooftop and he fell in the tower towards the pool. He rose up the pool and saw Louella grieving not because of Romano but how she want to avenge her father's death (in the film due to family matters). Romano turns around and saw his dead body lying on the pool. He was the ghost companion of Louella, the last one to die.
Sundo 2 Cast.
NO DETAILS YET...
Reception.
The film opened with favorable reviews, obtaining a B grade from the Cinema Evaluation Board, and a PG-13 rating from the MTRCB (Movie and Television Review and Classification Board) - the country's film rating system. Critic Nitz Miralles described the film as "a high octane horror", she continuous to praise director Topel Lee for his ability to genuinely scare the audience, as like from his previous horror film efforts like Ouija and Yaya. However, the film is criticized for being "too violent" for a PG-13 movie by critic Veronica R. Samio, whilst praising the film for its fast pace and screenwriter Aloy Adlawan's "shocking" twist ending.
The final gross of the movie is P100,079,566 according to box office mojo.
Media Release.
The series was released onto DVD-format and VCD-format by GMA Records. The DVD contained the full-length trailer of the movie. The DVD/VCD was released in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18719113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719113" title="Old Central Fire Station (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)">
Old Central Fire Station (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

Old Central Fire Station is a historic fire station at 66 Allen Street in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. It is located roughly behind the Old Town Hall in Pittsfield's Park Square Historic District.
The station's general location has been used since about 1844 as a site for fire companies. A previous building, located across the street, was destroyed by fire in 1859. After construction of this building in 1895 the old building housed the Veteran Fireman's Association; it was demolished in the 1930s.
The station was built in 1895 to a design by E.J. Cowell, the city's building inspector. Cowell had a reputation as a designer of local houses. The building is constructed primarily of brick in a Richardsonian Romanesque style. It has four bays, and was the first city station capable of housing horses on its premises. The building was used as a fire station until 1976, and thereafter as a city vehicle storage facility. The station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977, and was included in an expansion of Pittsfield's Park Square Historic District in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18719115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719115" title="Mitzpe Aviv">
Mitzpe Aviv

Mitzpe Aviv (, "lit." Spring Lookout) is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee near I'billin and Tamra, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 708.
The village was established in 1981. The second part of its name is an acronym for the name of the geographer and historian Avraham Ya'akov Brawer.
In November 2009, the town imposed a requirement of adherence to "Jewish and Zionist" values as a condition of residence. Mitzpe Aviv is the third such town in Israel to impose such rules.

</doc>
<doc id="18719120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719120" title="Sir John Evelyn, 1st Baronet of Wotton">
Sir John Evelyn, 1st Baronet of Wotton

Sir John Evelyn, 1st Baronet (1 March 1682 – July 1763) of Wotton, Surrey, was a British politician.
Biography.
He was born on 1 March 1682 at Sayes Court in Deptford, Kent, the second but only surviving son of John Evelyn the Younger, barrister of the Middle Temple and Commissioner of the Revenue, and his wife, Martha, daughter and co-heir of Richard Spencer. He was baptised the following day. He was the grandson of the famous diarist John Evelyn. He matriculated at Balliol College, Oxford, on 25 February 1699, aged 16.
He was Member of Parliament in the Parliament of Great Britain for Helston from 1708 to 1710, and joint Postmaster General from 1708 to 1715. He was Commissioner of Customs from 1721 to 1763.
On 6 August 1713, he was created a baronet in the Baronetage of Great Britain. He built a library 45 feet long at the family seat of Wotton House. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in January 1723.
He died on 15 or 18 July 1763, and was buried at Wotton on 22 July. He was succeeded by his eldest son, John.
Family.
Sir John married, on 18 September 1750 at Lambeth, Anne, eldest daughter of Edward Boscawen of Cornwall by Jael, the daughter of Sir Francis Godolphin. Her brother was Hugh Boscawen, 1st Viscount Falmouth. She was buried, aged 67, at Wotton on 24 January 1752.

</doc>
<doc id="18719121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719121" title="1929 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1929 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1929 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of two major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Helms Athletic Foundation, College Humor Magazine and the Christy Walsh Syndicate.

</doc>
<doc id="18719122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719122" title="Old Central High School (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)">
Old Central High School (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

The Old Central High School is a historic school building at 99 2nd Street in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. One of the most architecturally elaborate school buildings in the city, it was completed in 1898 at a cost of $200,000, well over the $135,000 it had been estimated to cost, and occupies a prominent position on the historic town common (although its address is now on 2nd Street). The building has, in addition to its use as a public school facility, been used to house school administration offices, Berkshire Community College. It has since been converted to residences.
The previous city high school burned in 1895, and Pittsfield held a design competition for its replacement, which was to be placed on the old town common. Of 130 designs submitted, the city selected one by the New York City firm of Pierce and Bruhn. It called for cream-colored brick, with marble trim and terra cotta detailing. The interior design echoed the color schemes of the exterior,
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18719127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719127" title="One Thousand Dollars on the Black">
One Thousand Dollars on the Black

One Thousand Dollars on the Black (AKA Blood at Sundown or Mille dollari sul nero) is a 1966 Italian Spaghetti Western feature film directed by Alberto Cardone. The picture marks the first appearance of the character Sartana, played by Gianni Garko. It is not, however considered an "official" Sartana film.
Plot summary.
Johnny Liston heads back to his hometown after 12 years in jail, during which time his ruthless brother Sartana (Garko) has taken over control of the town. Johnny is determined to battle Sartana to bring justice.
Releases.
Wild East released this alongside A Coffin for the Sheriff in a limited edition R0 NTSC DVD in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18719132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719132" title="Old Curtisville Historic District">
Old Curtisville Historic District

Old Curtisville Historic District is a historic district in Stockbridge, Massachusetts.
The area is now known as Interlaken, due to its position between Stockbridge Bowl (originally Lake Mahkeenac) and Lake Averic (also known as Echo Lake), which is the town of Stockbridge's water supply. Massachusetts Route 183 transects the community north to south. 
It is historically significant as the site of the first wood-based newsprint paper mill in the United States. The area has an industrial history dating back at least to 1782, when a grist mill and a saw mill were established on the brook flowing out of Stockbridge Bowl. Industrial development continued in the area through the first half of the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18719145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719145" title="Old Town Hall (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)">
Old Town Hall (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

The Old Town Hall is a historic building on Park Square in the heart of downtown Pittsfield, Massachusetts. Located at 32 East Street, on the corner with Allen Street, this 1832 building served for 135 years as the center of municipal government. Built in the Federalist style to serve as the town hall, it became City Hall when Pittsfield became a city in 1891. In addition to housing city offices, it has also housed post office facilities, banks, and served briefly as the county courthouse. The building received a major addition in 1896, but this was removed when the city offices were moved to the current city hall in 1968, and the building was restored to its earlier Federalist appearance.
The hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972, and included in the Park Square Historic District in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18719149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719149" title="Helge Høva">
Helge Høva

Helge Høva (4 August 1928 – 14 February 2010) was a Norwegian politician for the Progress Party.
He was born in Eidsvoll. He was educated with the cand.jur. degree, and worked as a jurist in the Norwegian Automobile Federation from 1959 to his retirement in 1995.
He was a member of Bærum municipal council from 1979 to 2007 and Akershus county council from 1995 to 2003. He was the deputy mayor of Bærum from 1999 to 2003. He served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway during the term 1997–2001.
He resided at Kjørbokollen in Sandvika. He died in February 2010 in Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="18719156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719156" title="Benjamin Osborn House">
Benjamin Osborn House

The Benjamin Osborn House is a historic house on West Street, then east on a private Road in Mt. Washington, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1750 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
Shaker founder Mother Ann Lee stayed at the farmhouse during her May 1781 missionary journey to Tucconack Mountain (renamed Mount Washington, following the American victory in American Revolutionary War). She is reported to have stayed in the area for about ten days, attracting large numbers of both sympathizers and detractors.

</doc>
<doc id="18719158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719158" title="Moreshet">
Moreshet

Moreshet (, "lit." Heritage) is a national-religious communal settlement in northern Israel. Located in the Lower Galilee between Karmiel and Shefa-'Amr, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2013 it had more than 280 families, with a population of over 1200.
The village was established in 1996 by the Amana movement.

</doc>
<doc id="18719167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719167" title="Michael Collier">
Michael Collier

Michael Collier may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18719169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719169" title="Park Square Historic District (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)">
Park Square Historic District (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

The Park Square Historic District is a historic district in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. The district is centered on the historic heart of Pittsfield encompassing a number city blocks adjacent to Park Square, which is at the junction of North, South, East, and West Streets.
When first listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975, the district encompassed the park and eight buildings that faced it, including the Old Town Hall, the county courthouse, the Berkshire Athaneum, and the First Church of Christ. In December 1991, the boundaries were expanded to the area roughly bounded by East Housatonic, South, North and Fenn Streets, and Wendell Avenue, adding 39 buildings to the district. Notable buildings included in this extension include the present City Hall (a repurposed post office building), the Berkshire Life Insurance Company Building, the Allen Hotel, the Berkshire Museum of Art and Natural History, and the Masonic temple.

</doc>
<doc id="18719171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719171" title="Osvaldo Pangrazio">
Osvaldo Pangrazio

Osvaldo Pangrazio Kullak (born 7 November 1957 in Asunción, Paraguay) is a former football striker that currently works as a traumatologist.
Career.
Football.
Pangrazio started his career at Presidente Hayes and made his debut in 1977 against Olimpia. Hayes was already relegated in 1977 and so he went on to play for Nacional in 1978 before going abroad to Mexico and Colombia to play for CD Veracruz and Deportivo Pereira respectively. In 1981 he returned to Paraguay to play for Guaraní and a year later he was signed by Olimpia where he spent most of his career winning several championships and becoming a fan favorite. His last club was Cerro Porteño.
Medicine.
While being a footballer, Pangrazio attended medical school and graduated in 1986. In 1987 he traveled to Bochum, Germany to focus on his specialization (traumatology). He came back to Paraguay in 1997 and worked in the medical staff of Club Olimpia until 1999. Currently, he works as a traumatologist for the Migone and the San Roque hospitals in Asunción and is part of the Medical Sports Committee of the Paraguayan Football Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18719183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719183" title="Park Street Firehouse">
Park Street Firehouse

Park Street Firehouse is a historic firestation at 47 Park Street in Adams, Massachusetts. It was built in about 1890, during the boom of Adams' industrial facilities, to house an engine company of the Adams Fire Department on the ground floor and apartments above. The building now houses the headquarters of an ambulance company. The station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18719191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719191" title="Julius Fleischmann">
Julius Fleischmann

Julius Fleischmann (June 8, 1871 – February 5, 1925) was a Jewish American politician, former mayor of Cincinnati and son of Charles Louis Fleischmann.
Fleischmann was the son of Charles Louis Fleischmann. He left college to become the company's General Manager of Fleischmann's Yeast in 1894 when he was 22 years old. He became Cincinnati's youngest Mayor in 1900 and served until 1905. He died on February 5, 1925 while playing polo in Miami.
He was initiated as a national honorary member of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia Fraternity in 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="18719196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719196" title="Pettibone Farm">
Pettibone Farm

Pettibone Farm is a historic farm on Old Cheshire Road north of junction with Nobodys Road in Lanesborough, Massachusetts. It was the farmstead of Jonathan Pettibone, a leader of Lanesborough during the American Revolution. Pettibone purchased the property in 1768, and it remained in his family until 1865, when it was sold to Ira Jenks. The Jenks family owned it into the 20th century, when, after a succession of owners, it was acquired by the Shulman family. The Shulmans operate Camp Mohawk on the property.
The centerpiece of the property is the farmhouse, which was built by Jonathan Pettibone, and went through numerous alterations in the 19th century, albeit without sacrificing much of its original Georgian and Federalist character. The farm complex, including the farmhouse and a number of mostly 19th century outbuildings, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18719198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719198" title="Kittian and Nevisian British">
Kittian and Nevisian British

Saint Kitts and Nevisian British, also British Kittian or British Nevasian people are citizens or residents of the United Kingdom whose ethnic origins lie fully or partially in the Caribbean nation of Saint Kitts and Nevis. The 2001 UK Census recorded 6,519 people born in Saint Kitts and Nevis.

</doc>
<doc id="18719209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719209" title="Phillips Woolen Mill">
Phillips Woolen Mill

Phillips Woolen Mill is a historic mill at 71 Grove Street in Adams, Massachusetts. The date of its oldest portions is difficult to assess: when it was cleary associated with the firm of Blackinton and Phillips in the 1850s, it may have already included portions of an earlier millworks on the site. Some portions of the mill show signs of Greek Revival architecture, which was no longer in fashion in the 1850s. Benjamion F. Phillips and Peter Blackinton engaged in a long-running series of partnerships, owning and operating mills in Adams. The partnership was dissolved in 1864, and Phillips took over what was known as the Greylock Woolen Mill. His enterprise manufactured "cashmeres, ladies' dress goods, and shawls" in its facilities into the 1930s, although the company went through a variety of transformations, being known at the end as the Adams Woolen Manufacturing Company.
The mill complex was added to the National Historic Register in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18719212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719212" title="The Faery Handbag">
The Faery Handbag

"The Faery Handbag" is a fantasy novelette published in 2004 by Kelly Link. It was the winner of the 2005 Hugo Award for Best Novelette, the 2006 Nebula Award for Best Novelette and the 2005 Locus Award.
Plot summary.
The story follows Genevieve, a girl who spends a lot of time with her slightly eccentric grandmother Zofia. Zofia claims to be from the country Baldeziwurlekistan and also to be the guardian of a community of fairies who now live in her black handbag. She often tells outlandish tales about the beings in her handbag and blames them for her overdue movies and library books. Things take a turn for the worse when Genevieve's boyfriend, Jake, snatches Zofia's handbag with the intent of finding out if the stories about it are true.

</doc>
<doc id="18719215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719215" title="San Esteban, San Salvador">
San Esteban, San Salvador

St. Stephen's Church ("Iglesia San Esteban") is a historic Roman Catholic temple in downtown San Salvador, El Salvador. It belongs to the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Salvador and its patron saint is the protomartyr, St. Stephen. Built 1880-1890, it was heavily damaged during the 2001 El Salvador earthquakes and is currently closed pending repairs. At the time of its construction, the church's building materials, imported from Belgium, were widely admired by 19th Century residents of San Salvador.
The temple is one of the important churches of San Salvador, having a key role in the ""semana santa"" (Holy Week) celebrations of San Salvador. The Church marks the start of "The Road of Bitterness" ("la Calle de la Amargura"), El Salvador's analog of the Via Dolorosa, over which the Good Friday Via Crucis procession makes its way, to the destination Church ""El Calvario"." The two churches mark the vertical axis of a giant cross formed over the Salvadoran capital with its horizontal axis formed by a third church, "La Vega", and the Metropolitan Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="18719222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719222" title="Pittsfield &amp; North Adams Passenger Station and Baggage &amp; Express House">
Pittsfield &amp; North Adams Passenger Station and Baggage &amp; Express House

The Pittsfield & North Adams Passenger Station and Baggage & Express House is a pair of historic buildings at 10 Pleasant Street in Adams, Massachusetts. They were built in 1889 along the North Adams Branch of the Boston and Albany Railroad. The passenger station is a single story brick building with a shallow hip roof with very deep eaves that are supported by large brackets. Its doors and windows are all round-arched.
The buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18719223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719223" title="Shekhanya">
Shekhanya

Shekhanya () is a communal settlement in northern Israel. It is named after a priest family from the Bible (2 Chronicles 24:11). Located in the Galilee between Karmiel and Shefa-'Amr, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2009 it had a population of 637.
The village was established in 1980 as part of the Lookouts in the Galilee plan to increase Jewish settlement in the area. The community had been formed in 1978. 

</doc>
<doc id="18719226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719226" title="Artem Kasyanov">
Artem Kasyanov

Artem Kasyanov (; born 20 April 1983 in Stakhanov) is a Ukrainian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Kazakhstani club FC Ordabasy in the Kazakhstan Premier League. 
He moved to Kharkiv from Metalurh Donetsk during the 2008 summer transfer season. On 9 July 2009 he signed a two-year contract with Chornomorets Odessa.

</doc>
<doc id="18719236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719236" title="Charles Whittlesey Power House">
Charles Whittlesey Power House

The Charles Whittlesey Power House is a historic house at 575 South Street in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. It was built in about 1912 in the Tudor Revival style for Charles Wittlesey Power, a local businessman who also served one term as mayor of Pittsfield. The style of the house is rare in Pittsfield, although was not uncommon in other areas. The house is well-sited on adjacent to the Pittsfield Country Club. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18719241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719241" title="Easington, Oxfordshire">
Easington, Oxfordshire

Easington, Oxfordshire may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18719245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719245" title="Providence Court">
Providence Court

Providence Court (also known as St. Luke's Hospital) is a historic building at 379 East Street in Pittsfield, Massachusetts.
The Colonial Revival building was constructed in 1926 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18719265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719265" title="List of Wells Fargo directors">
List of Wells Fargo directors

The List of Wells Fargo Directors includes all members of the Board of Directors of the express mail company from its founding in 1852 until the cessation of its express service in 1918. It does not include the directors of the Wells Fargo Bank after it became a separate institution in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="18719266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719266" title="Saint Andrew's Chapel">
Saint Andrew's Chapel

Saint Andrew's Chapel is a historic chapel on Washington Mountain Road in Washington, Massachusetts. It was built in 1899 as a gift of a wealthy New Yorker, George Crane, and was built next to his estate, Buckstep Manor. It was built of stone in the Gothic Revival style, and was designed by Pittsfield architect George C. Harding. Services were only held in the chapel when the Cranes were in residence, and ownership of the chapel and Crane's estate passed to the Episcopal diocese. The chapel was donated to the town in 1977, and continues to be used as a religious facility. The chapel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18719278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719278" title="Richmond Furnace Historical and Archeological District">
Richmond Furnace Historical and Archeological District

Richmond Furnace Historical and Archeological District is a historic industrial district located on State, Cone Hill, and Furnace Roads in Richmond, Massachusetts. The industrial history of the site dates to 1763 when the first grist and sawmills were built. In 1829, the first stone furnace was constructed for the production of iron from abundant hematite ore found nearby. It was rebuilt in 1863, and overhauled in 1905 to increase capacity. The current structure measures approximately 33 feet tall by 9.5 feet wide at its base. The company operated until 1923. The historic district also includes several other houses and buildings related to the iron works. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
Site history.
In 1829, brothers John H., Charles and George Coffing established the Richmond Iron Works on the site. The Coffings has previously worked at the Salisbury Iron Works in nearby Connecticut. In 1834, a second furnace, 32 feet high x 9.5 feet wide was built at Van Deusenville, in nearby Great Barrington. By 1855, the company used 9,000 tons of ore to produce 3,200 tons of iron.
The Van Deusenville furnace operated until 1896. It was dismantled in 1906. By 1908, the Richmond site had an annual capacity of 5,000 tons, and produced pig iron for car wheels and machinery.

</doc>
<doc id="18719281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719281" title="Rakefet">
Rakefet

Rakefet () is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located in the Lower Galilee near Sakhnin, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. The name means "Cyclamen".
In 2006 it had a population of 761.
The village was established in 1981 as a moshav shitufi. In August 1989 it was converted to a communal settlement.
In September 2011 a High Court of Justice ordered the Israel Lands Administration to allocate a plot of state land to an Arab couple, Fatina and Ahmed Zabeidat. The ruling came after the Arab couple was first denied a membership in the community. 

</doc>
<doc id="18719295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719295" title="Renfrew Mill No. 2">
Renfrew Mill No. 2

The Renfrew Mill No. 2 was a historic mill complex at 217 Columbia Street in Adams, Massachusetts. Most of its buildings were built between 1867 and 1878, and were brick buildings with Italianate styling. They were built by the Renfrew Manufacturing Company, a textile manufacturer, to replace an earlier complex further down Columbia Street that had been demolished. The property was acquired by the Arnold Print Works in 1928.
The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It was destroyed by fire in November 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18719303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719303" title="Idaho Sneakers">
Idaho Sneakers

The Idaho Sneakers were a professional tennis team in the city of Boise. They entered the World TeamTennis League in 1994, and the franchise moved to St. Louis, Missouri as the St. Louis Aces after the 2000 season. The Sneakers played their home matches at the Bank of America Centre in Boise.
Results.
1994 - 2nd Place

</doc>
<doc id="18719306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719306" title="Rising Paper Mill">
Rising Paper Mill

Rising Paper Mill is a historic factory at 295 Park Street North, in the Housatonic village of Great Barrington, Massachusetts. 
The mill was built in about 1873 for H.D. Cone, and was at the time the largest paper factory in the world. Stone for its foundations was quarried at nearby Monument Mountain. It was listed on the National Historic Register of Historic Places in 1975.
In 2008, the facility was purchased by Hazen Paper, which announced plans to manufacture multi-ply laminated paper for packaging.

</doc>
<doc id="18719310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719310" title="Hemlock Valley Resort">
Hemlock Valley Resort

Hemlock Valley Resort is a small ski resort located in the Douglas Ranges near Chehalis, British Columbia, Canada, between the towns of Mission and Agassiz.
Average annual snowfall at Hemlock Valley is 30-35 ft. The vertical drop is 396 m (1,300 ft) from a summit elevation of 1,371 m (4,500 ft) to a base elevation of 975m (3,300 ft). The area comprises 121 hectares (300 acres) and has 34 runs, the longest of which is 1.4 miles (2.3 km). The area has four lifts - one triple chair, two double chairs and a beginner rope tow, and features night skiing and 13 kilometres of cross-country skiing trails as well as tubing and tobogganing areas.

</doc>
<doc id="18719312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719312" title="Rock Ridge (Monterey, Massachusetts)">
Rock Ridge (Monterey, Massachusetts)

Rock Ridge is a historic house at 48 Tyringham Road in Monterey, Massachusetts. The Shingle style house was built in 1898 for Curtis Judd of Dwight, Illinois. The 2.5 story house features a gambrel roof, a conical turret, and an expansive porch wrapping around a large part of the house.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18719334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719334" title="Philemon Sage House">
Philemon Sage House

Philemon Sage House is a historic house at 69 Sandy Brook Turnpike (MA 183) in Sandisfield, Massachusetts. The Federal style 2.5 story house was built c. 1799. Its main block is 5 bays wide with a central door and twin chimneys on the center ridgeline. A 1.5 story addition juts from the rear of the house. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18719335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719335" title="Richard Jones (footballer born 1969)">
Richard Jones (footballer born 1969)

Richard Jones (born 26 April 1969 in Usk) is a Welsh former footballer who made nearly 200 appearances in the Football League playing as a midfielder for Newport County, Hereford United and Swansea City. He then spent six seasons with Barry Town and also played for Merthyr Tydfil and Haverfordwest County.

</doc>
<doc id="18719351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719351" title="Shadow Brook Farm Historic District">
Shadow Brook Farm Historic District

Shadow Brook Farm Historic District is located in Stockbridge, Massachusetts. It is a historic district that includes six re-purposed farm buildings related to the former 'Shadowbrook' mansion destroyed by fire in 1956. Designed by architect H. Neill Wilson with landscaping by Frederick Law Olmsted, the mansion and farm buildings were built for Anson Phelps Stokes in 1893. Andrew Carnegie acquired Shadowbrook in 1917 and died there in 1919. It served as a Jesuit novitiate from 1922 until 1970. Following the fire, a non-equivalent structure of the same name took its place. Today the historic district primarily encompasses Berkshire Country Day School, which acquired its campus from the Stokes family in 1963. The historic district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
History.
Nathaniel Hawthorne originated the name "Shadow Brook" in reference to a small stream that lies to the west and south of the mansion site. Samuel Cutler Ward in 1844 purchased land on the slopes of Baldhead and built a mansion near the site of what was to become Shadowbrook. Ward named his mansion Oakswood.
Stokes bought the property in 1892 along with additional land to the south and north, assembling an estate of . The Oakswood building was demolished except for its east wing, and Stokes built his mansion on a ledge 100 yards (90 m) west and 30 feet (9 m) lower. The new structure, completed in 1893 at a cost of $500,000, was shaped like the letter 'L' with its point aimed south and comprised two dominant styles involving English tudor timbering and stone. The vista from the main house included an impressive view to the south of Stockbridge Bowl, West Stockbridge Mountain, Rattlesnake Hill, Monument Mountain and Mount Everett. Various timbered farm buildings were completed as part of the estate in the valley below, where members of the Stokes family continued to live at least until the 1950s. Anson Stokes crushed his leg in a riding accident on the property and, following its amputation, left the mansion for Darien, Connecticut, in 1898. The estate was mostly vacant until 1906, when it was sold to Spencer P. Potter of New Orleans, who departed in 1912. The wife of a Vanderbilt family member leased the property briefly in 1916 following her husband's death, and the mansion was sold in 1917 by Potter's debtors to Andrew Carnegie for $300,000.
Carnegie had purchased what was regarded at the time to be the second largest private residence in the United States. The estate was among the most prominent examples of the gilded age in the Berkshires. Carnegie died at Shadowbrook in 1919, and the Society of Jesus acquired the property three years later to serve as a novitiate for training Jesuit priests.
Fire and later history.
Shadowbrook's main house was destroyed in a fire on March 9, 1956, that claimed the lives of four of its 150 residents. Two more residents subsequently died of injuries from the incident. Because of the building's high cost for upkeep and other practical difficulties, architectural plans for its replacement had already been made prior to the fire. These designs were criticized by a number of senior Jesuit residents at the time, one of whom described the new building as "a monumental mediocrity."
The replacement building, west of Shadowbrook's ruins, was completed and in use by 1958 "with a nondescript brick and concrete exterior and much painted cinderblock inside" according to Shea. An editor's postscript to Shea's work notes that in 1970 the novitiate moved to the Boston area. The building then stood empty until 1983 when it was sold to a Hindu ashram that established the Kripalu Center, a yoga, health and wellness retreat center on the property.
In 1956 Francis X. Shea, a priest who had trained at Shadowbrook, wrote an account of the Shadowbrook mansion's history and its destruction which was published posthumously in 2009 by the Society of Jesus.

</doc>
<doc id="18719357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719357" title="Monitor National Marine Sanctuary">
Monitor National Marine Sanctuary

Monitor National Marine Sanctuary is the site of the wreck of the USS Monitor, one of the most famous shipwrecks in U.S. history. It was designated as the country's first national marine sanctuary on January 30, 1975, and is the only one of the thirteen national marine sanctuaries created to protect a cultural resource rather than a natural resource. The sanctuary comprises a column of water in diameter extending from the ocean’s surface to the seabed around the wreck of the Civil War ironclad, which lies south-southeast of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina. Average water depth in the sanctuary is . Since its sinking in 1862, the "Monitor" has become an artificial reef attracting numerous fish species, including amberjack, black seabass, oyster toadfish and great barracuda.
USS Monitor.
The "Monitor" was the prototype for a class of U.S. Civil War ironclad, turreted warships that significantly altered both naval technology and marine architecture in the nineteenth century. Designed by the Swedish engineer John Ericsson, the vessel contained all of the emerging innovations that revolutionized warfare at sea. The Monitor was constructed in a mere 110 days. 
While the design of "Monitor" was well-suited for river combat, her low freeboard and heavy turret made her highly unseaworthy in rough waters. This feature probably led to the early loss of the original "Monitor", which foundered during a heavy storm. Swamped by high waves while under tow by "Rhode Island", she sank on December 30, 1862 in the Atlantic Ocean off Cape Hatteras. Sixteen of 62 crewmen were lost in the storm.
Rediscovery.
In 1973, the wreck of the ironclad "Monitor" was located on the floor of the Atlantic Ocean by an interdisciplinary team of scientists from Duke University’s Marine Laboratory. The discovery was preceded by extensive historical research and the selection of probable areas for the "Monitor"’s sinking. The search team located what they believed to be the wreck of the Monitor using side-scan sonar and remotely operated cameras. In 1974, the U.S. Navy and the National Geographic Society launched a second expedition that confirmed the identity of the "Monitor" and produced detailed photographic documentation of the wreck site. One year later, in 1975, the site was designated as the nation’s first marine sanctuary.
Preservation.
Initial dives in the 1970s and later research expeditions in the early 1990s have indicated that the "Monitor"’s iron hull, having been inundated with saltwater for over 100 years, is deteriorating at an accelerated rate. In 1998, the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) developed a plan to recover significant "iconic" sections of the wreck for conservation and public display. Additionally, NOAA developed a plan to help stabilize the wreck from further deterioration as much as possible. 
The warship's propeller was raised to the surface in 1998. On July 16, 2001, divers from the Monitor National Marine Sanctuary and the US Navy brought to the surface the steam engine. Due to the depth of the wreck, the divers utilized surface supplied diving techniques while breathing heliox. In 2002, after 41 days of work, the revolutionary revolving gun turret was recovered by the NOAA and a team of U.S. Navy divers. Before removing the turret, divers discovered the remains of two trapped crew members. The remains of these sailors, who died while on duty, are at the Joint POW-MIA Accounting Command at Hickam Air Force Base, Hawaii, awaiting positive identification.
Many artifacts from "Monitor", including her turret, propeller, anchor, engine, delicate glass bottles, lumps of coal, wood paneling, a leather book cover and even walnut halves, have been conserved and are on display at the Mariners' Museum of Newport News, Virginia. Once conservation is complete, artifacts are available for exhibition and study. While the majority of the Monitor artifacts remain at The Mariners’ Museum, other facilities including the Richmond National Battlefield Park in Virginia, Civil War Naval Museum in Columbus, Georgia, Nauticus in Norfolk, Virginia, and soon the Graveyard of the Atlantic Museum in Hatteras, N.C., also display artifacts from the historic ship.
In 1986, "Monitor" was designated a National Historic Landmark. It is one of only three accessible monitor wrecks in the world, the others being the Australian vessel HMVS "Cerberus", and the Norwegian KNM "Thor", which lies at about off Verdens Ende in Vestfold county, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="18719360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719360" title="Shaker Farm">
Shaker Farm

Shaker Farm (also the Edward Deming and Faith Andrews Homestead) is a historic farmstead on Dublin Road in Richmond, Massachusetts. The property is notable as the subject of a book by the Andrewses, "The Fruits of the Shaker Tree of Life", in which they document the property's condition and restoration. The farmhouse was built c. 1795 by Daniel Hand of New Lebanon, New York, and exhibits a number of examples of Shaker craftsmanship. The Andrewses acquired the property in 1937, and devoted the rest of their lives to collecting, documenting, and promoting Shaker heritage.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. The property, although subdivided, continues (as of 1995) to be owned by Andrews descendants.

</doc>
<doc id="18719367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719367" title="Sheffield Center Historic District">
Sheffield Center Historic District

Sheffield Center Historic District is a historic district roughly on US 7/Main Street from Miller Avenue to Salisbury Road in Sheffield, Massachusetts.
The district features Greek Revival, Georgian, and Federal architecture. The area was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. Its most prominent feature is the First Congregational Church on Main Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18719368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719368" title="Hornets Nest">
Hornets Nest

Hornets Nest may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18719371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719371" title="Valeriy Boychenko">
Valeriy Boychenko

Valeriy Boychenko (born 26 February 1989, Ukraine, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Kharkiv in the Ukrainian Premier League. He was promoted from the reserve squad in July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18719375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719375" title="Sheffield Plain Historic District">
Sheffield Plain Historic District

Sheffield Plain Historic District is a historic district roughly 1/2 mi. of US 7, south from Cook Road in Sheffield, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18719377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719377" title="Aoibheann Sweeney">
Aoibheann Sweeney

Aoibheann Sweeney (born 1969) is an American author.
Biography.
She was raised in Massachusetts and attended Harvard University and the University of Virginia's MFA Program, where she was a Henry Hoyns Fellow. She is a lesbian.
Her first novel, "Among Other Things, I've Taken Up Smoking", is about a girl who grows up alone with her father on an island in Maine and is sent to stay in New York City with friends of her father's who open up her past, and her own world, in ways she cannot begin to imagine. It was published by Penguin Press in 2007 and was an Editor’s Choice at the "New York Times Book Review". It also won a Lambda Literary Award in the Lesbian Debut Fiction category at the 2008 Lambda Literary Awards.
In a lengthy review in "The Washington Post", Ron Charles wrote about the way the book “taps into older, sometimes ancient stories...There’s real wisdom in these classic myths and there’s real talent in this sensitive novel.”
Sweeney has written for the "New York Times Book Review", "The Washington Post Book World", and "The Village Voice Literary Supplement", and is currently the Executive Director of the Center for the Humanities at the CUNY Graduate Center. She lives in Brooklyn.
In 2011, she gave birth to a child in a taxi cab in the middle of the day in Times Square in New York City. The event was widely covered in international media, with the mother's name spelled phonetically as "Even Sweeney." Later, when describing the birth to journalists, her lesbian lover referred to the couple's newborn son as "a cork." 

</doc>
<doc id="18719380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719380" title="CAFE Foundation">
CAFE Foundation

The CAFE Foundation is a U.S. non-profit aviation development and flight test organization based in Windsor, California. CAFE is an acronym for "Comparative Aircraft Flight Efficiency." The organization promotes experimental aviation activities which promote the development of highly efficient aircraft. It is sponsored by many organizations including Boeing Phantom Works, NASA, EAA, AOPA, Glasair Aviation, among others; and funding is also obtained through an FAA grant.
CAFE 400.
The CAFE Foundation is an outgrowth from activities sponsored by the Experimental Aircraft Association (EAA) Chapter 124. In the late 1970s, races were held at the annual EAA AirVenture Airshow in Oshkosh, Wisconsin in which the goal was to fly the most fuel-efficient general aviation aircraft. From the early races, the CAFE Formula evolved to evaluate the aircraft. The Formula is V x MPG x W, where V=average velocity over the course of the race, MPG=miles per gallon of fuel and W=cabin payload in pounds. The first regular race to use this formula was the CAFE 400, which was held each summer from 1981 to 1990 and carried a purse of $2,000.
CAFE triaviathon.
In 1986, the Foundation utilized a newly developed, ultra-sensitive airspeed sensor, called the CAFE Barograph and inaugurated the CAFE Triaviathon race. This race evaluated an aircraft based on top speed, stall speed and rate of climb. Because of the baragraph's sensitivity, the FAA later designated it as the standard for use during aircraft certification flight tests. The CAFE 400 and Triaviathon races were discontinued after the 1990 season
Flight test program.
After the 1990 season, the focus of the Foundation shifted to performing detailed flight test analyses of experimental aircraft, again focusing on the aircraft's efficiency. Each aircraft evaluated resulted in an Aircraft Performance Report that was then published by the EAA. These activities took place at a new facility, the CAFE Flight Test Center, at the Sonoma County Airport, funded by the EAA and completed in 1993.
CAFE challenge.
In that same year, a new face, the CAFE Challenge, was inaugurated, and the Triaviathon was reinstated. Using highly accurate GPS technology, the Challenge used the slightly modified CAFE Formula over a closed course to evaluate an aircraft's performance. The Formula is V^1.3 x MPG x W^0.6, where V=average velocity over the course of the race, MPG=miles per gallon of fuel and W=cabin payload in pounds. The first winner of the Challenge was the Scaled Composites Catbird, a high-performance single-engine all-composite aircraft designed by Burt Rutan and flown by his brother, Dick Rutan in 1993. Rather than a monetary purse, the two races now are commemorated by a perpetual trophy.
NASA-funded challenges.
Beginning in 2008, the Challenge race was recast. NASA has funded a purse of $300,000, to be distributed over several prizes, including the Community Noise Prize, the "Green Prize", which measures fuel efficiency, the Aviation Safety Prize, for aircraft handling qualities, a reinstatement of the CAFE 400 race, and the "Quietest LSA" Prize. In addition, NASA had put up $2 million in prize funding to encourage the development of the Personal Air Vehicle.
Green Flight Challenge.
The 2011 NASA-CAFE Green Flight Challenge requires participants to fly in under 2 hours, and doing it at less than of gasoline per occupant. Nine teams have registered.
Other activities.
The CAFE Foundation also hosts an annual symposium which focuses on research subjects that affect the development of more efficient aircraft.
Pocket airports have been suggested by CAFE as infrastructure to support personal air vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="18719384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719384" title="Alberto Cardone">
Alberto Cardone

Alberto Cardone (1920–1977) was an Italian film director, screenwriter, second unit director and film editor of the 1960s.
Cardone is best known for his Spaghetti Western films of the 1960s. He is best known for directing the films "Seven Dollars on the Red", "One Thousand Dollars on the Black" (1966) and "Twenty Thousand Dollars for Seven" (1969). In many of his films he worked with actor Anthony Steffen.

</doc>
<doc id="18719388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719388" title="Thomas Shepard House">
Thomas Shepard House

Thomas Shepard House is a historic house at 764 East Hill Road in New Marlborough, Massachusetts. It is one of the older homes in New Marlborough (built 1768), and is one of three 18th century houses on a stretch of East Hill Road, which was then one of only three roads in the town. The house has retained most of its architectural work, although its roof was converted from a hip roof to a gable end roof in the 19th century.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18719397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719397" title="Eber Sherman Farm">
Eber Sherman Farm

The Eber Sherman Farm is a historic farmstead located at 1010 State Road in North Adams, Massachusetts. It was built in about 1843 by Eber Sherman, son of William Sherman (whose farm lay adjacent), around the time he purchased his father's farm. It lay in a part of Williamstown that was transferred to North Adams as part of a municipal boundary adjustment in 1900. Eber Sherman's son sold the property in 1862, after which it went through a succession of owners. The farmhouse has Greek Revival styling; it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18719413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719413" title="Ali Bernard">
Ali Bernard

Ali Bernard (born April 11, 1986 in New Ulm, Minnesota) is a female wrestler who earned a bye in women's freestyle wrestling qualifying her to compete against 2004 bronze medal-winner Katie Downing, whom she defeated in two matches at the 2008 qualifying match in Las Vegas; that feat earned her a spot to compete in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, competing for the United States. She competed in the freestyle 72 kg/158.5 lbs class, because Greco-Roman-style is not yet an Olympic sport for women.
Bernard defeated Nigeria's Amarachi Obiajunwa, then lost to China's Wang Jiao which put her in the repechage competition for a bronze medal. In those matches, she defeated Sweden's Jenny Frannson before losing to Japan's Kyoko Hamaguchi, placing fourth in her class.
Wrestling Greco-Roman-style in high school at New Ulm High School, she earned the Minnesota state high school championship in 2004. Bernard received a college scholarship to compete in women's wrestling at the University of Regina in Saskatchewan, Canada, where she won four national college titles.
Bernard originally lost to Stephany Lee at the 2012 Olympic trials. Lee later tested positive for marijuana and Bernard was awarded the spot.

</doc>
<doc id="18719418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719418" title="William B. Sherman Farm">
William B. Sherman Farm

The William B. Sherman Farm is a historic farmhouse located at 1072 State Road in North Adams, Massachusetts. It was built in the 1820s by William Sherman, a Rhode Island native who moved to the area in 1780. The Greek Revival house is one of the oldest surviving farmhouses in North Adams. Sherman sold his house and farm to his son Eber (who built another house nearby) in 1843. The property then went through a succession of owners, and most of the farmland was sold off for development. The house now sits on less than an acre of land. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18719421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719421" title="1971–72 California Golden Seals season">
1971–72 California Golden Seals season

The 1971–72 California Golden Seals season was the team's fifth in the NHL. The Seals missed the playoffs again, but posted a solid improvement over the previous season and finished sixth in the West Division.
Offseason.
In the amateur draft, the Seals did not have a first-round pick. For their first pick, the fifteenth pick overall, in the second round, the Seals chose Ken Baird. At owner Charlie Finley's direction, the team adopted their infamous white skates this season, which were widely ridiculed.
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in minutes"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Seals. Stats reflect time with the Seals only. ‡Traded mid-season
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; TOI = Time on ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average"
Playoffs.
They didn't qualify for the playoffs
Transactions.
The Seals were involved in the following transactions during the 1971–72 season:

</doc>
<doc id="18719429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719429" title="Sibley-Corcoran House">
Sibley-Corcoran House

The Sibley-Corcoran House is a historic house at 387 Valley Road in Washington, Massachusetts. The house was built c. 1813 by Ezra Sibley, and sold in 1825 to Daniel Sibley, including of land. The house was built with Federalist features, but later owners added architectural details of the fashionable styles of the 19th century. In 1869 the house was sold to John Corcoran an employee of the railroad which passed near the house. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18719444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719444" title="Simmons Block">
Simmons Block

The Simmons Block is a historic block at 86—90 Park Street in Adams, Massachusetts. The building is a Queen Anne house originally built for A.H. Simmons, a successful Adams businessman of the 1880s. The structure features a variety of rooflines and a small tower in a typical Queen Anne style. In the 20th century the building has seen a variety of commercial uses, including as an apartment house and a funeral parlor. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18719458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719458" title="Col. Benjamin Simond House">
Col. Benjamin Simond House

The Col. Benjamin Simond House is a historic house at 643 Simonds Road in Williamstown, Massachusetts. The colonial style wood frame house was built in 1770 by Benjamin Simonds, a veteran of the French and Indian Wars, who was one of Williamstown's early settlers. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983, and now houses a bed and breakfast.
Simonds was in the military from his teens until his later years. He served in the French and Indian Wars and American Revolutionary War. At age 19, he was captured by the French at Fort Massachusetts, near North Adams, Massachusetts, and held as a prisoner of war in Quebec City. Many he was captured with died, and of the ones who lived, Simonds was the only captive who returned to the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18719466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719466" title="South Center School House">
South Center School House

The South Center School House is a historic one-room school house on Washington Mountain Road in Washington, Massachusetts. The school was built in 1880 at the site of the town's first school for $300. Washington's population was in a period of decline through the turn of the century, and the school closed in 1922. It was restored by the local historic commission in the 1970s, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18719473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719473" title="South Egremont Village Historic District">
South Egremont Village Historic District

South Egremont Village Historic District is a historic district on MA 23-41, Buttonball Lane, Sheffield, and Pinecrest Hill Roads in South Egremont, Massachusetts.
It features Greek Revival and Late Victorian architecture and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18719484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719484" title="Thaïs (novel)">
Thaïs (novel)

Thaïs is a novel by Anatole France published in 1890. It is based on events in the life of Saint Thaïs of Egypt, a legendary convert to Christianity who is said to have lived in the 4th century. It was the inspiration for the opera of the same name by Jules Massenet.
Summary.
Paphnuce, an ascetic hermit of the Egyptian desert, journeys to Alexandria to find Thais, the libertine beauty whom he knew as a youth. Masquerading as a dandy, he is able to speak with her about eternity; surprisingly he succeeds in converting her to Christianity. Yet on their return to the desert he becomes fascinated with her former life. She enters a convent to repent of her sins. He cannot forget the pull of her famous beauty, and becomes confused about the values of life. Later, as she is dying and can only see heaven opening before her, he comes to her side and tells her that her faith is an illusion, and that he loves her.
Adaptations.
The novel was adapted in 1917 for two silent films, the Italian "Thaïs" and the American "Thais".
The Indian writer Munshi Premchand adapted "Thaïs" as "Ahankar" in Hindi language.

</doc>
<doc id="18719485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719485" title="Easington, South Oxfordshire">
Easington, South Oxfordshire

Easington is a small village in the civil parish of Cuxham with Easington in South Oxfordshire. It is about north of Wallingford and about south of Thame.
Parish church.
The Church of England parish church of Saint Peter was built in the 14th century. It consists of a continuous nave and chancel with no chancel arch between them. The chancel masonry is ashlar, noticeably better-dressed and more evenly coursed than that of the nave.
The church building includes a 12th-century Norman doorway re-used from an earlier church on the same site. The font is tub-shaped, suggesting that it too is Norman.
The chancel windows are Perpendicular Gothic. The east window has ogee tracery and includes 14th century stained glass. The piscina also is ogeed. Beside the east window on the east wall are the remains of a mediaeval wall painting.
The woodwork of the pulpit and reading desk are Jacobean items carved in the 17th century. The pulpit bears the date 1633 but Sherwood and Pevsner suggest that it was assembled in the 19th century from Jacobean materials.
St. Peter's is a Grade II* listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="18719488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719488" title="South Lee Historic District">
South Lee Historic District

South Lee Historic District is a historic district at 1365-1710 Pleasant—1120-1140 Fairview St.--15-80 Willow Street in Lee, Massachusetts.
The district features Mid-19th-Century Revival and Early Republic architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18719495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719495" title="John Potts">
John Potts

John Potts may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18719501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719501" title="Wollison-Shipton Building">
Wollison-Shipton Building

The Wollison-Shipton Building is a historic commercial and retail block at 142-156 North Street in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. Designed by noted architect H. Neil Wilson, it was built in 1888 when the area north of Park Square developed as a commercial and retail part of downtown Pittsfield. At the time of its construction it was relative rarity: constricuted of Philadelphia pressed brick, with cast iron detailing, and plate glass windows. The four story structure housed four store fronts wide and deep, and the second floor provided the first home for the local YMCA. The builder was D.C. Munyan, who was responsible for the construction of a number of other nearby buildings, including the adjacent Academy of Music (burned 1912), the Berkshire County Courthouse, and the Athaneum, both prominent structures on Park Square.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982, and was included in an expansion of the Park Square Historic District in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18719513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719513" title="Windsor Print Works">
Windsor Print Works

Windsor Print Works is a historic site at 121 Union Street in North Adams, Massachusetts, which has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1973.
Founded by Caleb Turner in 1829, the Windsor Print Works was the first in Western Massachusetts. The plant was taken over by the Consolidated Textile Company during the 1920s, until the company closed in 1956 due to foreign competition. In 1960 the main building was purchased by Stanley Shapiro, and was used mostly for storage. When the Economic Development Corporation of North Berkshire took it over in 1973, it was converted into a center for arts and crafts. North Adams took the building over in the 1980s. Currently, the Windsor Print Works is used for light manufacturing and arts-related businesses, including galleries.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18719522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719522" title="Williamstown Rail Yard and Station Historic District">
Williamstown Rail Yard and Station Historic District

Williamstown Rail Yard and Station Historic District is a historic district at the junction of Cole Avenue and N. Hoosac Road in Williamstown, Massachusetts. The rail yard was an important junction point for the railroads of the area in the late 19th century, serving as the western terminus for trains passing through the Hoosac Tunnel to points east. The yard's facilities included a locomotive repair shop and a railroad turntable, although the latter has not survived.
The station was built in 1898 to replace an earlier wood frame station (built 1859) that was destroyed by fire. The new station was built of stone, and features Richardsonian Romanesque details. Passenger service was discontinued by the Boston & Maine Railroad in 1959.
The district was listed the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18719533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719533" title="Linda Sini">
Linda Sini

Linda Sini (born 26 February 1926) is an Italian film actress.
She made 75 appearances between 1950 and 1979 and several appearances after this, mostly in film. 
Debuting in "Sigillo rosso" in 1950, she went on to star in films such as Luigi Zampa's comedy "Anni ruggenti" (1962), and the James Bond spy spoofs "002 operazione Luna" and "A 001, operazione Giamaica" (1965).
Although primarily a film actress, she did appear in "Joe Petrosino" (1972) and in "Il 90" in 1979. In 1986 she appeared in "Anemia".

</doc>
<doc id="18719538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719538" title="Westover-Bacon-Potts Farm">
Westover-Bacon-Potts Farm

The Westover—Bacon—Potts Farm is a historic farm at 62 Undermountain Road (MA 41), south of its junction with MA 23 in Egremont, Massachusetts. Land for the farm was purchased in 1744 by Jon Westover, who built the house that now stands on the property. In the 1790s the property was purchased by Elijah Bacon, in whose family it remained until 1965. In the intervening years little was done to modernize the house. The 1965 purchasers, the Goldricks, were antique dealers with connections in the historic preservation community, and made some modernization of the property, sensitive to its historic integrity. Later owners have continued the practice of sensitive updating to the house, which remains one of the best-preserved 2 1/2 story houses in Egremont. The farm was added as a historic district to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18719547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719547" title="Mount Timothy Ski Area">
Mount Timothy Ski Area

Mount Timothy Ski Area is a small ski area located in the South Cariboo region of British Columbia, Canada, 30 km north of 100 Mile House and 18 km northeast of Lac La Hache
The area has a triple chairlift (the first in the south Cariboo), t-bar, platte lift and 2 Magic Carpet beginner lifts and has a vertical drop of 284m from a summit elevation of 1654m to a base elevation of 1370m. 35 runs range from Double black diamond to beginner terrain. 
This year Mt.Timothy will be opening with a brand new freestyle area geared towards the young and fearless. Mt.Timothy is visited by patrons from all across the world, as far away as Eastern Europe and Japan. 

</doc>
<doc id="18719551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719551" title="West Stockbridge Grange No. 246">
West Stockbridge Grange No. 246

West Stockbridge Grange No. 246 is a historic grange hall at 5 Swamp Road in West Stockbridge, Massachusetts. 
The Greek Revival building was constructed in 1838 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
This early Grange Hall was originally built as the Methodist Church in the Village of West Stockbridge in 1838. Located on Swamp Road the property is bordered by the Williams River. A handsome example of Greek Revival architecture, which still retains its original 36 over 36 sashes with glazed gothic arches, the church closed its doors in 1910. The building remained vacant for a number of years.
In 1918 the building was purchased by the West Stockbridge/Alford Grange and underwent extensive renovations to the interior making it one of the "best Grange Halls of its day in Western Massachusetts." These improvements included electricity, wainscoting the walls and vaulted ceiling, the installation of some of the original church pews on sidewall platforms and the addition of rock maple flooring. The choir was also enclosed and glazed pocket doors with early stained glass decals were installed. A dramatic theatrical stage was constructed at the back of the large open meeting room with a spectacular hand painted theater curtain which remains there today. The building was dedicated by members of that Grange on August 1, 1919 and the lofty 17’ ceiling, gothic windows, moldings and wainscoting remain intact from this time period.
This building has been privately owned since 2007 and continues to be a meeting place for the West Stockbridge Grange which still houses their ceremonial artifacts there. These include a number of podiums, staffs, early wind and rain machines and various other items of historic interest.
Occasionally the current owner has offered the building for use and as a fundraising tool by non-profit organizations. Amenities include a sound system, digital projector, 14’ x 9’ movie screen, spot lit mirror ball, dimmable lighting, comfortable upholstered seating, numerous side chairs and various folding tables. The building is not officially open to the public, but it is able to be shown by appointment.

</doc>
<doc id="18719562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719562" title="Wells House (North Adams, Massachusetts)">
Wells House (North Adams, Massachusetts)

The Wells House is a historic house located at 568 West Main Street in North Adams, Massachusetts. It was built in about 1840 for Orson Wells, who first settled in North Adams in 1815 and established an acid production facility nearby. The Wells family owned much land in the area, even as it industrialized; around the turn of the 20th century the family still owned of farmland. This land was eventually developed, but the Wells house remained in the family until 1968.
The Greek Revival house is one of North Adams' oldest; it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18719568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719568" title="Cuxham">
Cuxham

Cuxham is a village in the civil parish of Cuxham with Easington in South Oxfordshire. It is about north of Wallingford and about south of Thame.
Parish church.
The Church of England parish church of the Holy Rood has a Norman bell tower. The century gothic windows on the north side of the nave were inserted in the 14th century and some of the windows in the tower were added in the 15th century. The windows on the south side of the nave were probably inserted in the 17th century and the church was heavily restored in the 18th century. The Gothic Revival architect C.C. Rolfe rebuilt the chancel in 1895.
The Rectory is Georgian and was built about 1800. Since 1983 Holy Rood has been part of a united benefice with Easington, Brightwell Baldwin and Ewelme.
Mills.
The Domesday Book of 1086 recorded three watermills at Cuxham.
The present Cuxham Mill was built in about the middle of the 18th century on the site of one of those recorded in the Domeday Book. It was held by the Benedictine Wallingford Priory before Merton College, Oxford acquired the Manor of Cuxham in about 1268–71.
In the Middle Ages, Cutt Mill was the manorial corn mill. The present mill on the site was built in the middle of the 18th century.
Amenities.
The Half Moon public house was built in the 17th century and extended in the 18th. It is built of chalk rubble with brick quoins. It is now a gastropub.

</doc>
<doc id="18719578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719578" title="Villa Virginia">
Villa Virginia

Villa Virginia is a historic site on Ice Glen Road in Stockbridge, Massachusetts, one of the Berkshire Cottages.
Villa Virginia is located at the foot of a hill behind which lies the Ice Glen. In the nineteenth century this was the site of an estate owned by John and Isabella Wyman Winthrop. Under their ownership, Isadora Duncan danced on the property's lawn. The site was purchased by William H. Clarke who razed the earlier structures and commissioned architects Hiss and Weekes to build a new estate on it in 1914. it is constructed in the style of a Tuscan villa of the Renaissance. It was also a working farm and had substantial outbuildings devoted to animals and farm machinery. The landscape was designed by Ferruccio Vitale. During the 1970s, like many Berkshire cottages it was considered a "white elephant" and, as a consequence, wound up uninhabited and severely run down. From 1979 to 1998 it was a home and private gallery for artist Kazys Varnelis who extensively restored the structure and grounds. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. 

</doc>
<doc id="18719590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719590" title="I Do Like To be Beside the Seaside">
I Do Like To be Beside the Seaside

"I Do Like To Be Beside The Seaside" is a popular British music hall song. It was written in 1907 by John A. Glover-Kind and made famous by music hall singer Mark Sheridan who first recorded it in 1909. It speaks of the singer's love for the seaside, and his wish to return there for his summer holidays each year. It was composed at a time when the yearly visits of the British working-class to the seaside were booming.
It was, for a long time, used as a signature tune by Reginald Dixon MBE, who was the resident organist at the Tower Ballroom, Blackpool between 1930-1970.
Lyrics of the chorus.
Oh! I do like to be beside the seaside
I do like to be beside the sea!
I do like to stroll along the Prom, Prom, Prom!
Where the brass bands play:
"Tiddely-om-pom-pom!"
So just let me be beside the seaside
I'll be beside myself with glee
And there's lots of girls beside,
I should like to be beside
Beside the seaside!
Beside the sea!

</doc>
<doc id="18719594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719594" title="Stockbridge Casino">
Stockbridge Casino

The Stockbridge Casino is a historic building now at East Main Street at Yale Hill Road in Stockbridge, Massachusetts. Designed by Stanford White, the casino was built in 1887 on Main Street at the base of Prospect Hill, and for many years was a popular recreational and social attraction (according to older usages of the word "casino", it was not necessarily a gambling establishment). After falling into decline, the property was purchased in 1927 by Mabel Choate, owner of the nearby Naumkeag estate. She sought the property as a location for the Mission House, and was not interested in the casino building. She sold it for $1 to businessman and artist Walter Leighton Clark on the condition that it be moved. Together with sculptor Daniel Chester French and Dr. Austen Fox Riggs, he founded the Three Arts Society, which purchased the building and moved it to its current location. The building was renovated and reopened in 1928 as the Berkshire Playhouse, which later became the Berkshire Theatre Festival. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18719599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719599" title="Chipita Rodriguez">
Chipita Rodriguez

Josefa "Chipita" Rodriguez (December 30, 1799? - November 13, 1863) was convicted of murder and hanged in San Patricio County, Texas at the age of 63. A century later, on June 13, 1985, the Texas Legislature passed a resolution noting that Rodriguez did not receive a fair trial. She has been the subject of two operas, numerous books, newspaper articles, and magazine accounts.
Trial and execution.
Rodriguez was reportedly born December 30, 1799 in Mexico. She was a Mexican-American woman from the South Texas town of San Patricio who furnished travelers with meals and a cot on the porch of her lean-to on the Nueces River. She was accused of robbing and murdering a trader named John Savage with an axe. However, the $600 of gold stolen from him was found down river, where Savage's body was discovered in a burlap bag. She and Juan Silvera (who was possibly her illegitimate son) were indicted on circumstantial evidence and tried before 14th District Court judge Benjamin F. Neal at San Patricio. Although Rodriguez maintained her innocence, she refused to testify in her defense and remained silent throughout the trial, perhaps, some have speculated, to protect her guilty son. Although the jury recommended mercy, Neal ordered her executed. She was hanged from a mesquite tree on Friday, November 13, 1863. She was 63 at the time of her death. Her last words were quoted with being, "No soy culpable" (I am not guilty).
At least one witness to the hanging claimed to have heard a moan from the coffin, which was placed in an unmarked grave. Her ghost is said to haunt San Patricio, especially when a woman is to be executed. Rodriguez is depicted as a spectre with a noose around her neck, riding through the mesquite trees or wailing from the riverbottoms.
Cultural references.
Chipita Rodriguez has become a folk legend, and since the 1930s, there have been numerous alleged sightings of her ghost along the Nueces River where she was hanged. 
Rodriguez has been the subject of numerous books and newspaper articles. Rachel Bluntzer Hebert’s epic-length poem “Shadows on the Nueces” and Teresa Palomo Acosta’s poem “Chipita” both portray Rodriguez as a heroine. In 1993, the University of Texas music department performed the opera, "Chipita Rodriguez", composed by Texas A&M University-Corpus Christi professor Lawrence Weiner. In 2010 a screenplay was written by Del Mar College and Texas A&M University-Corpus Christi student screenwriter Cary Cadena.

</doc>
<doc id="18719600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719600" title="Taconic and West Avenues Historic District">
Taconic and West Avenues Historic District

The Taconic and West Avenues Historic District is a largely residential historic district south of the downtown area of Great Barrington, Massachusetts. The roughly district includes 172 contributing elements, most of which are houses or related buildings. Two thirds of the buildings were built between 1890 and 1910, and most of the rest were constructed in a historically sympathetic way.
The southwestern corner of the district is the intersection of Maple and West Avenues. Its western boundary is a high wodded ridge that roughly parallels Castle Street, and follows Main Street and Maple Avenue on the for its eastern and southern boundaries. The housing in the district was built by Great Barrington's wealthier residents, and feature large houses built in a variety of popular styles of the period. The district features Georgian, Early Republic, and Mid 19th-Century Revival architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18719605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719605" title="Tyringham Shaker Settlement Historic District">
Tyringham Shaker Settlement Historic District

The Tyringham Shaker Settlement Historic District is a historic Shaker village on Jerusalem Road in Tyringham, Massachusetts. The Shaker community was established in 1792, and flourished, acquiring more than in Tyringham and adjacent towns at the height of the movement's popularity. The farmstead of William Clark on Jerusalem Road was the site of the main settlement, with a satellite settlement about further north. In addition to the their communal living and worship spaces, the Shakers built a number of mill buildings, workshops, and even a furnace. The population of the settlement began to shrink in the years before the American Civil War, and its demise was hastened by the departure in 1858 of 23 individuals. In the 1870s the remaining Tyringham Shakers moved to other settlements (in Hancock, Massachusetts and Enfield, Connecticut).
In 1874 the Shakers executed a property exchange with a New York City doctor, Joseph Jones, who owned a property in Pennsylvania in which they were interestsed. Dr. Jones used the property as a summer retreat they called "Fernside", and eventually operated it as a summer boarding house. He sold the property to other New York interests in 1889, which organized it as the Tyringham Forest Club. This enterprise was only briefly successful, and the property was sold at auction a few years later. Since then, the property has seen a variety of owners, and is once again a farmstead.
The district features Greek Revival, Italianate style, and Federal style architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18719610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719610" title="John Potts (Pennsylvanian)">
John Potts (Pennsylvanian)

John Potts (c. 1710 – 6 Jun 1768) was the founder of the town of Pottstown. He was also an ironmaster, merchant, and English Quaker.
John Potts, oldest son of Thomas and Martha (Keurlis) Potts, was born about 1710, probably in the City of Philadelphia. He married Ruth Savage, daughter of Samuel and Ann (Rutter) Savage, on April 11, 1734. The marriage was accomplished after the manner of Friends, though not under their care or jurisdiction. John and Ruth had the following children: Thomas, b. 1735, Samuel, b. 1736; John, b. 1738; Martha, b, 1739–40; David, b. 1741; Joseph, b, 1742; Jonathan, b. 1745; Anna, b. 1747; Isaac, b. 1750; James, b. 1752; Rebeccah, b. 1755; Jesse, b. c. 1757; Ruth,b. 1759.
John Potts, like his father, was an enterprising businessman, and for many years was the largest and most successful iron-master in the American Colonies, operating mines, furnaces and forges, not only in Pennsylvania, but also in Virginia. He long filled the office of Justice of the Peace, and was also a Judge of the Court Common Pleas.
In 1752, he purchased two tracts of land at the confluence of the Manatawny Creek and Schuylkill River, aggregating nearly one thousand acres. Here he laid out the town originally called
Pottsgrove Manor.
In 1752, Potts built a Georgian style home, Pottsgrove Manor in Pottstown, Pennsylvania, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. The house has been restored and is now an 18th-century historic house museum owned by Montgomery County.

</doc>
<doc id="18719611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719611" title="Upper Historic District (Washington, Massachusetts)">
Upper Historic District (Washington, Massachusetts)

The Upper Historic District is a historic district encompassing the historic center of Washington, Massachusetts on Washington Mountain Road. Located near the summit of Mount Washington, the town center flourished from the town's establishment in the 1750s until the center of the town's business moved closer to the newly lain railroad in the 1830s. The district includes the old town hall, cemetery, common, and pound, as well as a number of residences. A meeting house (church) and schoolhouse once stood in the area, but the 1792 church was destroyed by lightning in 1859, and the schoolhouse is no longer extant.
The district contains Greek Revival and Federal style architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18719627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719627" title="United States Post Office–Williamstown Main">
United States Post Office–Williamstown Main

US Post Office—Williamstown Main is a historic post office at 56 Spring Street in Williamstown, Massachusetts.
It was built by the federal government in 1932, after the local post office had occupied numerous other commercial spaces in town. The building was designed by James Wetmore and built by the New England General Contractors Company. The rectangular Neo-Classical building is made of Flemish bond brick on a granite foundation, and with marble detailing. Granite steps with wrought iron railings lead up to the main entrance. In the lobby the floor is tiled quarry marble with marble strip details. The walls have a marble panel wainscoting that is topped by plaster. The principal modern intrusions are a glass and aluminum vestibule, and a handicap access ramp.
The post office building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18719636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719636" title="United States Post Office–Great Barrington Main">
United States Post Office–Great Barrington Main

US Post Office—Great Barrington Main is a historic post office at 222 Main Street in Great Barrington, Massachusetts. It was designed by architect Lorimer Rich and constructed in 1935. It was built principally of brick, with marble, wood, and concrete details. The building is basically rectangular, with a wooden portico supported by Doric columns projecting from the center of the building's front, providing shelter for the main entrance. The columns are of concrete, the steps leading to the entrance are of granite, and there is marble detailing on the building walls. Inside, the postmaster's office is to the left, while banks of post office boxes line the walls in an L shape on the right. The back of the building, where mail is processed, is separated from the public space by a service area.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18719645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719645" title="Upper North Street Commercial District">
Upper North Street Commercial District

Upper North Street Commercial District is a historic district on the north side of downtown Pittsfield, Massachusetts. Representing an expansion of Pittsfield's historic downtown area northward from Park Square in the late 19th century, the district encompasses primarily commercial buildings fronting on North Street between Columbus and Madison Avenues on the west side, and between Eagle and Maplewood Avenues on the east side. The notable exceptions are the "Berkshire Eagle" building, located on Eagle Street next to Sottile Park, and the St. Joseph's Church complex.
The district features Colonial Revival and Renaissance style architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18719652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719652" title="Sykes House">
Sykes House

The Sykes House is a historic Queen Anne style house located at 521 West Main Street in North Adams, Massachusetts. It was built in 1890 by the Porter & Hannum company, a leading homebuilder in North Adams, for Thomas Sykes, a supervisor at the North Adams Manufacturing Company. The house is not as elaborate or lavish as many Queen Anne designs, and its design may have originated in a mail-order catalog. The only major modification to the building was the addition in 1920 of a two story porch structure on the rear right side. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18719655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719655" title="Battle of Havana (1870)">
Battle of Havana (1870)

The Battle of Havana on 9 November 1870 was a single ship action between the German gunboat "Meteor" and the French aviso "Bouvet" off the coast of Havana, Cuba during the Franco-Prussian War.
At 8 a.m. on November 7 the "Meteor" arrived in Havana harbour after leaving Nassau some days before. An hour later the French aviso "Bouvet" arrived from Martinique, steaming in from the opposite direction. The next day the French mail steamer "Nouveau Monde" left the harbour for Veracruz but was forced to return a few hours later due to fears that she would be captured by the Prussian gunboat. Later that day the "Meteor"'s captain, issued a formal challenge to the captain of the "Bouvet" to fight a battle the next day. The "Bouvet" accepted and steamed out of the harbour to wait for the "Meteor". The "Meteor" had to wait 24 hours before it could meet the French vessel due to neutrality laws, since Spain was a neutral country during the conflict.
Upon the end of the 24 hour waiting period, the "Meteor" steamed out to meet the "Bouvet" which had been waiting off the border of the Cuban territorial sea. As soon as "Meteor" had passed the border line, "Bouvet" opened fire on the German gunboat. The battle came to an inconclusive end when the "Bouvet", which had closed the range in an attempt to board the "Meteor", suffered damage to a steam pipe which knocked out her propulsion and was forced to retreat into neutral waters under sail, whereupon she came under the protection of Spain once again. Neither ship was permanently disabled, mostly suffering damage to masts and rigging (the "Bouvet"'s boilers and machinery remaining intact and functioning) and very few killed and injured on either side. The battle was not considered significant by commentators of the day.

</doc>
<doc id="18719662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719662" title="Beit Aryeh-Ofarim">
Beit Aryeh-Ofarim

Beit Aryeh-Ofarim () is an Israeli settlement established in 1981 and a local council in the northern West Bank. It is located north of Jerusalem and east from Tel Aviv near the Palestinian village Al-Lubban al-Gharbi, 3.8 km kilometers east of the Green line, inside of the Separation Barrier.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
Beit Aryeh was recognised as a local council in 1989, and had Ofarim appended to it in 2004. It had 4,378 residents in 2013 and covers about 8,500 dunam. The settlement was named after Aryeh Ben-Eliezer, a Lithuanian born Zionist leader before the state of Israel was founded and a member of the Israeli parliament in the 1950s and 1960s.
In 2011, the Israeli Ministry of Defense signed an agreement with the municipality of Beit Aryeh to further expand the settlement and to build a bypass road between Beit Aryeh and Ofarim.

</doc>
<doc id="18719663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719663" title="Summer Street Historic District (Adams, Massachusetts)">
Summer Street Historic District (Adams, Massachusetts)

Summer Street Historic District is a historic district on Crandall, Center, East, Liberty, Orchard and Summer Streets in Adams, Massachusetts.
The district features Greek Revival, Late Victorian, and Federal style architecture and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18719665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719665" title="Inquirições">
Inquirições

Inquirições were the Royal Portuguese commissions. They were put forward by the crown in accomplishing edicts.
Afonso II instituted (from 1220) inquirições to investigate the nature of holdings and to recover whatever had been illegally taken from the crown. This issue was in response to the church's rein over Portuguese land as they supported Afonso's fight in the civil war with Sancho II.
The General Inquirições.
The general "Inquirições" were issued by King Afonso III in 1258 to investigate the nature of holdings and to recover whatever had been illegally taken from the crown. The royal commissions were met with much protest by the prelates as it would have deprived the church of much property. Most of the prelates subsequently left the country.
Although Afonso was excommunicated and threatened with deposition, he continued to defy the church until shortly before his death early in 1279. Eventually, through the royal commission, centralized territories such as Trás-os-Montes were placed under control of the Crown and led to the compilation of valuable information essential to the study of Portuguese medieval history.

</doc>
<doc id="18719671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719671" title="Stafford Hill Memorial">
Stafford Hill Memorial

The Stafford Hill Memorial is a stone memorial on Stafford Hill Road in Cheshire, Massachusetts. The memorial was built in 1927 to commemorate the grave site of Joab (als spelled Jorab) Stafford, who settled in what is now Cheshire in 1767. The stone structure was designed as a replica of a stone tower in Rhode Island, where Stafford came from.
Joab Stafford, after settling in Cheshire, formed a militia company that fought in the Battle of Bennington in August 1777. Stafford later moved to Albany, New York but returned to Cheshire in 1800 and died there in 1802. In 1927, the local Sons of the American Revolution raised funds by subscription to construct a memorial to Stafford at his gravesite. The memorial tower was constructed of fieldstone in that year. The memorial incorporates Stafford's grave site, the tower, and a variety of commemorative plaques. In the years since, some of the plaques have been stolen, and others have been removed to Chesire Town Hall for safekeeping. The memorial and its surrounding land are owned and maintained by the town.
The memorial was listed the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18719685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719685" title="St. Joseph's School (North Adams, Massachusetts)">
St. Joseph's School (North Adams, Massachusetts)

St. Joseph's School is a historic former school building located at 85 Eagle Street at the intersection of Union Street in North Adams, Massachusetts. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The building is now called St. Joseph's Court and is used for federally subsidized low-income housing for senior citizens.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18719689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719689" title="Jaco (album)">
Jaco (album)

Jaco is the unofficial later title of a 1974 LP album on Paul Bley's Improvising Artists Label. It is notable for being the first professional recording showcasing the talents of Jaco Pastorius and Pat Metheny. The two had got to know each other in Miami the year before. Their collaboration continued on Metheny's debut "Bright Size Life" together with Bob Moses, recorded in December 1975. The record was release the following year by ECM - also home to Bley since his "Open, To Love" from 1972.
The original title was "Pastorius/Metheny/Ditmas/Bley" and the release number was IAI 373.846. 

</doc>
<doc id="18719696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719696" title="Volleyball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team rosters">
Volleyball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team rosters

This article shows the rosters of all participating teams at the women's volleyball tournament at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
See also.
Volleyball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's team rosters

</doc>
<doc id="18719699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719699" title="805th Tank Destroyer Battalion">
805th Tank Destroyer Battalion

The 805th Tank Destroyer Battalion was a tank destroyer battalion of the United States Army active during the Second World War.
The battalion was formed from the 105th Antitank Battalion on 15 December 1941, in line with the reorganization of the anti-tank force. It was shipped to the United Kingdom in August 1942, and then deployed for the North African Campaign in January 1943, equipped with M3 GMC tank destroyers. It was attached briefly to the 34th Infantry Division, then attached to the 1st Armored Division on 20 February, just in time to see action at the Battle of the Kasserine Pass, where it took heavy losses. On 23 March, equipped with the new M10 Wolverine, it fought at the Battle of El Guettar
In October 1943 it converted to a towed battalion equipped with 3" anti-tank guns, and was shipped to Italy, arriving in the Naples area on 25 October – the first 3" towed battalion to see combat. It was attached to the 34th Infantry Division in January 1944, and supported the division in fighting on the Bernhardt Line and at Monte Cassino, before being shipped to the Anzio beachhead in mid-March and attached to the 36th Infantry Division. In June, it was attached to the 1st Armored Division.
It re-equipped with M18 Hellcats in the summer of 1944, but continue to be used mainly for indirect-fire missions through the remainder of the war, attached to a variety of different units during the drive north. On 21 April 1945, they were attached to the 34th Infantry Division when it captured Bologna, and with the 88th Infantry Division when it reached the Brenner Pass in early May.

</doc>
<doc id="18719701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719701" title="South Mountain Concert Hall">
South Mountain Concert Hall

South Mountain Concert Hall is a historic performance hall in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. It was built in 1918 by Chicago native Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge, who had moved to the Berkshires in a bid to improve her husband's health. A longtime supporter of chamber music, Mrs. Coolidge in 1916 established the Berkshire String Quartet, which at first gave concerts in her home. Two years later she had a performance hall built on her property that continues in use today.
The hall was built to resemble a church, featuring a cupola on the roof and a porte cochere. The main timbers for the building were taken from an old textile mill, and the seats were pews taken from a church. In addition to the hall Mrs Coolidge had cabins built to provide housing for performers. The hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18719800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719800" title="Wilma Galvante">
Wilma Galvante

Wilma Valle Galvante (born February 24, 1952) is the current head of TV5's entertainment division and former GMA Network's senior vice president for entertainment; she is also a producer of many TV shows.
As the chief of the GMA Network's entertainment block, she experimented with dramas, light-hearted shows and hired good writers. She revived the love team tandem popularized in the 1970s, resurrected local comics titles and introduced fantasy series on prime time such as "Mulawin". Through her initiative, the network brought the rights to a number of local comics titles such as "Darna" and "Captain Barbel". By the last quarter of 2003, GMA’s primetime shows led over the rival network’s.
Early life and career.
Immediately after graduating from the Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila, Wilma was employed as a production assistant at Radio Philippines Network. Through this early work experience, she was able to understand how it is to run a TV show from the financial to production aspect.
She became a sought-after line producer in the 1970s and 1980s that even the film greats such as Lino Brocka and Lupita Kashiwahara demanded that she work for them. She worked at ungodly hours.
Her first taste of success was when she conceptualized "Ang Bagong Kampeon (The New Champion)" that became a huge primetime hit. The show kick-started other talent shows.
Career chronology.
Lenny C. Parto (VP for Entertainment & TV Programming) (1990's to 2001)

</doc>
<doc id="18719812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719812" title="Niall McGinn">
Niall McGinn

Niall McGinn (born 20 July 1987) is a footballer from Northern Ireland who currently plays as a winger for Scottish Premiership club Aberdeen and the Northern Ireland national football team.
Club career.
Dungannon Swifts.
McGinn began his football career at Dungannon Swifts in his native country. In his first full season, the club finished 10th place.
Derry City.
McGinn was signed by Derry City manager Stephen Kenny in January 2008 for an undisclosed fee from Dungannon Swifts in the Carnegie Premier League, who in turn signed him from Donaghmore Celtic. His decision to sign a professional football contract meant that McGinn retired from playing Gaelic football for Donaghmore and Tyrone U-21s. A very promising young talent, McGinn mainly plays on the left or right side of midfield but he can also be employed as a secondary striker. On 14 March 2008, McGinn made his debut for the club in a 2–1 win over Finn Harps. On 25 March 2008, McGinn scored his first goal for the club in a 4–1 win over University College Dublin. On 1 June 2008, McGinn scored his second goal in a 3–2 loss against Cork City. On 25 July 2008, McGinn scored his third goal in a 4–0 win over Galway United and scored again (fifth) in the second meeting on 2 November 2008 in a 2–0 win. On 9 August 2008, McGinn scored his fourth goal in a 3–0 win over Cobh Ramblers and scored again (sixth) in the second meeting on 14 November 2008 in a 4–2 win.
During 2008, he attracted interest from such clubs as Celtic and Championship sides Ipswich Town and Swansea City. He also attracted interest from Birmingham City.
Celtic.
McGinn signed for Celtic on 1 January 2009. On 12 September 2009, McGinn made his first team debut for Celtic against Dundee United. Although the game ended in a 1–1 draw, McGinn was awarded the official Man of the Match award. On 17 September 2009, McGinn made his Europa League Groupstage debut in a 2–1 loss against Hapoel Tel Aviv. In the last Groupstage game with Celtic out, they faced Austrian side Rapid Wien to finished third place. The match ended 3–3 which Celtic finished third. During the match, McGinn started the match and provided assist for Marc-Antoine Fortuné to score the second goal in a match before coming off for Graham Carey.
On 31 October 2009, McGinn scored his first goal for Celtic coming on as a 66th minute substitute in a 3–0 win over Kilmarnock at Celtic Park. McGinn scored his second goal for Celtic against Hamilton Academical on 26 December 2009 by driving a right footed shot into the top corner. He scored his first goal in the Scottish Cup and his third of the 2009–10 season to put Celtic 1–0 ahead against Greenock Morton on 19 January 2010. In the January transfer window, McGinn was a transfer target for Premier League side Wigan Athletic but wished to stay at Celtic. At the end of the season, McGinn suffered an injury during the end of the last training session of the season on 17 May 2010 after breaking a metatarsal bone in his right foot and out for 2 months. After recovering from his injury, McGinn says manager Neil Lennon played a big role in helping him recover from his injury.
After being on the substitute twice in the game but did not come on, McGinn scored in his first game of the 2010–11 season, a 3–2 win over St Johnstone in the Scottish League Cup on 27 October 2010 which he scored twice in the match. 3 days later on 30 October 2010, McGinn scored twice against them but this time in the league in a 3–2 win. In the next match against Aberdeen, McGinn provided assist for Gary Hooper to score his second in the match which later Hooper scored a hat-trick. That match would hold the record as the biggest ever win in the SPL, as well as being the biggest ever defeat in the history of Aberdeen. Later on the season, McGinn would play less and be on the substitute bench.
Before the start of the season rumours flowed that there was a fall-out between McGinn and Lennon with McGinn being unhappy over being left out of the pre-season tour of Australia. Lennon denied this and explained the leaving out of McGinn was due to his international commitments at the Nations Cup in May. McGinn signed a new one-year extension on his contract at the start of the 2011–12 season before moving to Brentford. After his loan move to Brentford, McGinn says moving to Brentford could be an end of his Celtic career after a phone-call conversation from Lennon.
Brentford (loan).
On 7 July 2011, McGinn signed for English League One club Brentford on a season long loan deal. On 6 August 2011, McGinn made his debut for the club in a 2–0 win against Yeovil Town where he made his first start before coming off in the second half. On 16 August 2011, McGinn provided an assist for Clayton Donaldson to make 2–0 against Exeter City, only for the game to end in a 2–1 win. On 20 August 2011, McGinn scored his first goal for the club in a 5–0 win over Leyton Orient. On 17 September 2011, McGinn scored his second goal for the club in a 2–0 win over Preston. On 10 December 2011, McGinn scored his third goal for the club in a 2–1 win over Hartlepool United. On 14 February 2012, McGinn scored his fourth goal for the club in a 2–1 loss against Colchester United. On 3 April 2012, McGinn scored his fifth goal for the club in a 2–1 win over Oldham Athletic and in the first meeting of the season, McGinn set up a goal for Myles Weston in a 2–0 win on 24 September 2011.
Aberdeen.
On 4 July 2012, McGinn signed for Scottish Premier League club Aberdeen on a two-year contract after his deal with Celtic expired. After his move to Aberdeen, McGinn revealed the club's aim to challenge his former club Celtic and gain a place in Europe.
McGinn joined up with his teammates as they headed out to Germany for a pre-season tour which included games against Werder Bremen and FC St. Pauli. McGinn scored his first goal for the Dons' in the friendly against St. Pauli, rounding the goalkeeper after picking up the ball from a poor back pass.
He went onto make his competitive debut for Aberdeen, in an opening day 1–0 defeat away to SPL champions Celtic. The following weekend, McGinn made his home debut against newly promoted side Ross County. The game finished 0–0 and also saw McGinn stretchered off towards the end of the game after an accidental collision with veteran defender Grant Munro. Manager Craig Brown spoke after the game, ruling McGinn out of the Northern Ireland squad that was due to face Finland on 14 August. The former Scotland manager said: "We can't tell the length of the recovery period but he will certainly be out in the immediate future."
After being out for 4 weeks due to an ankle injury, Niall featured as a substitute in a 1–1 draw with Inverness Caledonian thistle. The next week he came on as a substitute against Motherwell and scored his first competitive goal for the club, helping Aberdeen come back from 1–3 down to draw 3–3. He then went on to score in his next 2 appearances for the Dons. A 2–1 victory at home to Hibernian and helped the Dons come back to beat Kilmarnock 3–1 at Rugby Park. A fortnight later, he scored his thirtieth goal in four matches at Tannadice in a 1–1 draw with Dundee United. On 27 October 2012, McGinn became the first Aberdeen player in 20 years to score in five successive league matches, netting the opening goal in a 2–0 win over Dundee. The following week, in a 2–1 loss to Ross County in Dingwall, McGinn scored in his sixth straight league match, smashing Duncan Shearer's record. McGinn headed a late equaliser for Aberdeen in a Scottish Cup tie with Motherwell to level the match and set up a replay at Fir Park.
The Northern Irishman bagged the first hat-trick in his professional career in a convincing 3–1 victory over Dundee at Dens Park, on 29 December 2012; this brought his goal tally to 14 before the turn of the year. He scored a sublime free kick in a 2–2 draw with Dundee United at Pittodrie three days later, his 14th goal in 19 league games. On the last day of the transfer window, McGinn revealed he received a six-figure bid from three clubs in the Championship, which he rebuffed, to return the faith shown in him by Craig Brown.
On the 3rd of May 2013 Niall was awarded both Aberdeen Player of the Year and Aberdeen Players' Player of the Year for the 2012/13 season. On picking up the awards McGinn said: "The fans have been unbelievable towards me and I am very thankful to them for that. To win the award voted for by the fans means that you are doing something right on the park. Thank you to everyone that took the time to vote for me". McGinn finished the season with 21 goals in all competitions, 20 of those coming in league matches.
On 17 May, McGinn signed a two-year extension to his current contract, tying him to the club until 2016.
International career.
McGinn's performances for Derry City led to him featuring in the Northern Ireland under-23 team.
In November 2008, McGinn received his first call-up to the Northern Ireland senior squad by manager Nigel Worthington for the series of international friendlies and he gained his first cap coming on as a substitute against Hungary on 19 November. He was the first Derry City player to play for the senior Northern Ireland team in 19 years. Although disappointed in the result, Nigel Worthington is quoted as saying of McGinn:
McGinn again impressed when called up to the senior squad for the friendly against Israel at Windsor Park on 12 August 2009. The match ended 1–1, and McGinn came on as a second half substitute. Again, his individual perfmormance was praised by manager Nigel Worthington:
McGinn scored his first international goal against Portugal in a FIFA World Cup 2014 Qualifier on 16 October 2012
Style of play.
Upon his signing for Brentford, McGinn's new manager Uwe Rösler said that, "Niall is a quick, very direct player and has a very good work ethic."
Awards.
McGinn's fine season with Derry City in 2008 was publicly recognised when he won the 2008 PFAI Young Player of the Year award.
In January 2010 McGinn was awarded the "George Best Breakthrough Award" for 2009 in recognition of his impressive performances for club and country.
On 6 November 2012, it was announced that Aberdeen F.C. had scooped a hat-trick of awards for the month of October. Manager Craig Brown took Manager of the Month, McGinn took Player of the Month and midfielder Ryan Fraser took the award for Young Player of the Month.
Personal life.
In January 2011, it was reported that Royal Mail had intercepted packages sent by loyalists containing bullets addressed to McGinn, Paddy McCourt and Celtic manager Neil Lennon. McGinn and McCourt were both shocked and disappointed to be subjected to such threats.

</doc>
<doc id="18719813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719813" title="Salmo Ski Area">
Salmo Ski Area

Salmo Ski Area is a small ski area located in the West Kootenay region of southeastern British Columbia, Canada, 0.5km south of the village of Salmo, 28 miles (45 km) southeast of the city of Castlegar, and 31 miles (50 km) south of the city of Nelson..
Annual snowfall averages 300 cm (10 ft) with a vertical drop of 340 m (1,120 ft) from a summit elevation of 945 m (3,100 ft) to a base elevation of 440m (2,100 ft).. There are four trails served by a T-Bar and a handle tow. The area features night-skiing, cross-country trails, and a halfpipe for snowboarding.
References.
Elevations are:

</doc>
<doc id="18719818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719818" title="Moldova national under-21 football team">
Moldova national under-21 football team

The Moldova national under-21 football team is the national under-21 football team of Moldova and is controlled by the Football Association of Moldova.
Current squad.
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |

</doc>
<doc id="18719820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719820" title="Anna P. Baker">
Anna P. Baker

Anna P. Baker was a Canadian visual artist. She was born in London, Ontario, Canada in 1928. She graduated from the University of Western Ontario in 1950. She received a BFA and a MFA from the Art Institute of Chicago in 1954, and went on to teach art at Hathaway Brown School in Shaker Heights, Ohio for three years.
She exhibited frequently in her home town of London, Ontario, and for many years at the 57th St. Art Fair in Chicago, and in many cities from Los Angeles to New York. In 1956 she won the top painting award in the Chicago Art Institutes 59th art annual.
Anna remained a Canadian citizen but for the last twenty nine years of her life, she lived in the village of Barton, Vermont where she opted to bow out of the world of dealers and galleries so she could work in her own way on her own terms. On February 28, 1985, Anna died in Kingston, Ontario from cancer.
Anna integrated her eclectic interests into the subject matter of her paintings –
Theatre : The Ambrose Small Series (The ghost of Ambrose supposedly haunts the Grand Theatre in London).
Art : The Rosa Bonheur Series
History: Before Salisbury, Laura Secord and Her Cow, The Trojan Horse, Queen Victoria Reviewing the Troops with the Duke of Wellington After Landseer, Two Phoenicians
Literature: Don Quixote, The Cranford Series, Shakespearean Series, Reluctance (Robert Frost).
Biology: Numerous owl paintings, The Cornish Cat, Three Grouse, The Great Lobster Catch, Bird, Owl and a Very Fat Dog, Baboon, Butterflies and Moths.
Memories of her childhood: Tennis – 1910, Baseball Game -1910, Elmwood Bowling Green, Orangeman’s Parade, With Mutes and Plumes, The Garden Party, The Victoria Jane.
Anna obtained many awards including the prestigious Logan Prize in 1956 for “High Frequency Ping” and from the New England Press, Best Illustration, Daily, Class 1, First Place, The Sunday Times Argus.
Comments from Critics.
“Anna Baker works magnificently in many media. Her pictures reveal the true mark of genius – an originality and technical excellence that offer her viewers a glimpse into a personal world of her own devising." Laurence Lariar, New York Art Dealer, 1967.
Anna’s “Unique sense of humour and incredible capacity for painstaking detail makes her work inimitable. Like all good art, Ms. Baker’s compositions are basically abstract, but the images that she develops often are quizzical , evoked in dots, dashes, and color shapes that leave no area without interest.” “To own an Anna Baker drawing/painting is to be on daily contact with a blithe spirit who is also one of our most accomplished artists”. Harold Hayden, art critic for the Chicago Sun-Times, 1979.
“Fanciful geometric wisps, suggesting the architecture of flowers and snow stars form the cellular structure of man and beast as created by artist Anna Baker. Thus the detailing of these fine examples of decorative art is as complex as watchworks, as equisite as doilies. The method, rendered with ink, as well as watercolors and oil paints, becomes a tour de force, and the compositions are as stylized as stage sets for an allegory." Beverly E. Johnson, Los Angeles Times Home Magazine, February 4, 1968.
When the Chronicle in 1974 began publishing in Barton, Vermont, Anna “began illustrating its humour column. Her first illustration showed the artist seated on a Holstein cow...She began to submit cartoons featuring two wall-eyed Holsteins who regularly observe the triumphs and follies of the Northeast Kingdom” (NE Vermont). Tom Slayton, Sunday Times Argus, Sept.4, 1983.
"Anna P. Baker, former Chicagoan creates a marvelous storybook world of her own in her infinitely detailed, intricate paintings and drawings. Her work can be seen here only at the Little Gallery, 1328 E. 57th St. which is directed by Mary Louise Womer and Mrs. Carl Schniewind, widow of the late director of the Art institute’s prints and drawings department. Visitors flock to see a Baker show, and to see the superb ceramics of Otto and Gertrude Natzler of California...Miss Baker's collection is called "Chiefly Cornish" having been done during a year’s visit to Cornwall, England. The 35 pictures are filled with the high quality and the charm of her work. Her pen often reveals her lively wit as well as her originality and her imagination". Edith Weigle, art critic for Chicago Sunday Tribune, November 19, 1961.
Artwork.
<br>Anna's painting High Frequency Ping won the first prize in the 59th annual exhibition by artists of Chicago and vicinity in 1956, and was reported in Time Magazine.
Anna’s memories around her home town, London, Ontario are transcribed into an earlier time frame in such works as: "London Airport - 1910",
“Elmwood Bowling Green”, “The Victoria Jane”, “Tennis”, “Baseball Game”, “Orangeman’s Parade”, “With Mutes and Plumes” and “The Garden Party”.
<br>The Shakespearean series was inspired by a visit to the Stratford Festival Theatre in Stratford, Ontario in the mid-1960s. "Festival", “Richard III”, “Henry V”, “Malvolio” and “Taming of the Shrew” are the titles of some of the paintings from this series. Help was received from a Canada Council Grant, 1968.
Loving theatre, Anna delved into the Ambrose Small story. Ambrose was the proprietor of the Grand Theatre (now Theatre London) who disappeared Dec 2, 1919 after selling his theatrical holdings, leaving his wife, $2 million and a legal tangle. His legend has inspired many words and the continuing rumour that his ghost haunts Theatre London. Anna envisioned productions as they might have been in the time of Small. Twenty-four paintings were exhibited at the Nancy Poole Studio including "Ambrose Small Production of Rose Marie", “Ambrose Small; Production of the Dumbells", “An Ambrose Small Production of Polly of the Circus” in which Ambrose is depicted floating over the top of the production, “Ambrose Small Production of Uncle Tom’s Cabin" and “Ladies of the Chorus”.
<br>There are two series of paintings and drawings from the book, “Cranford” by Elizabeth Gaskell. In the last series of 13 paintings, the titles included "The Cat that Swallowed the Lace", “He Knew Cream Quite Well and Constantly Refused Tea With Only Milk in It”, and “If the Supposed Robbers Would Come to Him He would Fight Them”, “Our Idea of the Dignity of Silence was Paling Before our Curiosity”, “She Did Not Seem to Notice the Extraordinary Size and Complexity of Her Headdress”.
Illustrating her interest in history, Anna created her lithograph "The Trojan Horse" while still at the Art Institute in Chicago.
<br>Anna painted 18 paintings in which she visualized the French realist painter and sculptor, Rosa Bonheur, on imaginary world travels. “The Ascension of Rosa Bonheur Over Niagara Falls”, “Rosa Bonheur in Venice”, “Rosa Bonheur is Late for the Ambassador’s Ball” are a few from this series. These were exhibited at the Howell Gallery in London, Canada. Anna felt very much akin to Rosa whose whole life was Art. Anna often signed her letters, “Rosa Bonheur of the Northeast Kingdom”, the Northeast Kingdom being northeast Vermont. This was put on her tombstone in Scottsville, Ontario.
Anna painted or sketched owls throughout her career; the Holstein cow or cows were her signature cartoons for the Chronicle newspaper in Barton, Vermont.
<br>Anna also did a series on Circus Parade which included such works as: "Circus Wagon with Lion", "Circus Wagon with Bears", “Circus Wagon with Mermaid”, “Circus Parade with Walrus”, “Circus Wagon with Alligator”, “Marching Circus Band” and “Circus Wagons with Monkeys and Giraffes”.
Biography.
1928 Born June 12, in London, Ontario, Canada. She was adopted by Alfred Burrows Baker and Mabel Roberta Pearl Baker.
1950 Graduated University of Western Ontario
1952 Elected to Art Students League, A.I.C., and Delta Phi Delta, National Art Fraternity
1953 Philadelphia Print Club Lithography Exhibition
1954 Boston Society Of Independent Artists
1955 One Man Show, Lantern Gallery, Chicago
1956 Canadian Society of Painters, Etchers and Engravers
1957 Included in 56 Artists of Chicago Touring Exhibit in France and Germany sponsored by U.S.I.A.
1958 Art U.S.A., New York
1960 C.P.E. 44th Annual
1961 Northeast Vermont Artists' Exhibition
1962 8th Annual Ball State Small Drawing and Small Sculpture; Gallery Award
1963 66th Annual National Exhibition, Washington, D.C.; watercolour Society Drawing Award
1964 One Man Show, Goddard College, Plainfield, Vermont
1965 One Man Show, Jensen Gallery, London, Ontario
1966 One Man Show, Ray Williams Gallery, Chicago
1967 Included Loan Collection London Public Library and Art Museum
1968 One Man Show, University of Western Ontario, Alumni Hall
1970 From 1952 to 1970 participated in the Annual 57th Street Art Fair, Chicago
1971 Included in Industrial Loan Collection of Women's Board, London Public Library and Art Museum
The above biography was written by Anna Baker. The following information was assembled from material from her estate.
1971 Alumni Gazette Cover, February 1971, University of Western Ontario
1973 One Man Show, Nancy Poole Studios, London, Canada
1974...1985 Illustrations for the Chronicle, newspaper Barton, Vermont
1975 Received heavy radiation treatment for cancer of the throat
1977 Vermont Bi-Centennial Poster Mediallion
1978 Print:"The Quiet and Peaceful Village is Threatened by Runaway Pond" 60 signed prints were sold. Meriden Press
1979 Included in Vermont Images program involved 6 visual artists, two musicians and a poet
1982 One Man Show, The Howell Gallery, London, Canada
1983 Included in Canadian Art Collection, University of Western Ontario, McIntosh Gallery, London, Ontario
1984 Included in Contemporary Art Workshop: Ways of Drawing, curated by Harold Haydon, 542 W. Grant Place, Chicago
1985 Included in The Brock Street Gallery, Kingston, Canada
February 28, 1985, Anna P. Baker died in Kingston, Ontario from cancer
1985 One Man Show, Hang Ups Gallery, London, Canada
1988 Induction of Anna Baker as the first member of the South Collegiate Hall of Fame, in London, Ontario
External links.
1. www.annabaker.net<br>
2. www.bartonchronicle.net<br>
3. www.nekbalsam.com

</doc>
<doc id="18719836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719836" title="Cakewalk (carnival game)">
Cakewalk (carnival game)

Cakewalk (or cake-walk) is a game played at carnivals, funfairs, and fundraising events. It is similar to a raffle and musical chairs.
Numbered squares are laid out on a path. Tickets are sold to participants, with the number of squares in the path equal to the maximum number of tickets sold. The participants walk around the path in time to music, which plays for a duration and then stops. A number is then called out, and the person standing on the square with that number wins a cake as a prize (hence the name).
During the 1930s, the English poet John Betjeman described St Giles' Fair in Oxford as follows:
"It is about the biggest fair in England. The whole of St Giles' … is thick with freak shows, roundabouts, cake-walks, the whip, and the witching waves."

</doc>
<doc id="18719840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719840" title="Pero Defformero">
Pero Defformero

Pero Defformero are a Serbian band from Novi Sad. The band parodies turbo-folk music by combining it with heavy metal and humorous lyrics.
Band history.
Formation and breakup (1993-1997).
The first idea of combining hard rock and heavy metal with turbo-folk came up in the early 1990s when Saša Friš, a guitar player from Novi Sad wrote a song called "Veče na plaži" ("An Evening at the Beach") later rerecorded as "Ostavljen sam ja" ("I've Been Left"). Friš was joined by Dragan "Sneki" Jovanić who did the arrangements and production. Both songs were recorded in 1993. Following the arrival of vocalists Željko Jojkić, Friš wrote another song called "Srca tvoga plam" ("A Sparkle of Your Heart") later rerecorded as "Došli smo do kraja puta" ("We Came to the End of the Road"). In order to continue their work, Friš needed a full-time band so Tibor Lakatoš (bass guitar) and Srđan Milovanović (drums) were recruited. The band got the name by a character from Alan Ford comic book.
As the amount of material became bigger, the idea of recording an album became apparent and the band entered the "Pro Sound" studio in Novi Sad in the summer of 1994 to record their debut album. "Pero Defformero" was released in the autumn of 1995 through record label Music YUser. The album consisted of nine tracks and promotional video was recorded for the track "Srca tvoga plam". After the album was released, Jojkić and Lakatoš left the band and were replaced by Goran Biševac (vocals) and Miroslav Mijatović (bass). The band then recorded their second album "Pero Defformero II" (also known as "Nazovi drugi album" or "Napalm, Nitro, Turbo, Disko") which was never officially released. In the meantime the band changed the lineup featuring Slobodan Stanojević instead of Milovanović on drums. Due to misunderstandings, the band ceased to exist in 1997.
Reformation (2003-present).
In 2003 a fan recognized some of the band members and managed to persuade them to reunite and start playing again and after seven years the band became active again. After performing for a while and making a small pause in their work the band entered "Mr. Big" studio in 2006. The demo recorded consisted of four tracks produced by Dragan Jovanić and was presented on their official Myspace. Some of the tracks appeared on the debut album, but were rerecorded and renamed. The lineup changed for the last time when bassist Mijatović left due to personal reasons and was replaced by Nenad Kovačević. Together they participated the various artists tribute to Đorđe Balašević called "Neki noviji klinci i...", with the cover version of "Jaroslava". 
In January 2008, the band entered "Piknik" studio to record their long-awaited second album consisting of new material and remixed old songs from "Pero Defformero" and the never-released "Pero Defformero II". A year later, in January 2009, "Undergrand" appeared through Multimedia Records and a promotional video was released for the track "Dosli smo do kraja puta". The band continued promoting the new album throughout 2010, also performing the single from the upcoming album, "Sedmica na Lotu" ("Seven Hits in a Lottery Game").
In November 2012, the band announced their upcoming album "Novokomponovani Senti-Metal" ("Newly Composed Senti-Metal") with a video for the song "Volim te... Tu nema ljubavi" ("I Love You... There Is No Love").

</doc>
<doc id="18719843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719843" title="Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church (Lowell, Massachusetts)">
Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church (Lowell, Massachusetts)

Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church is a historic Greek Orthodox Church building at 62 Lewis Street in Lowell, Massachusetts. Holy Trinity is just one of the many Eastern Orthodox churches in Lowell, along with St. George Antiochian Orthodox Church, Greek Orthodox Church of the Transfiguration, and St. George Greek Orthodox Church.The church is under the jurisdiction of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America. The church is located in Downtown Lowell in a neighborhood known as The Acre. It was built in 1906 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. Holy Trinity was the first church built for a Greek Orthodox congregation in the United States. The church is also the mother church for all other Greek Orthodox Churches in New England It is known for its golden dome, mosaics, iconography, and rich history. The church shows the significant role the Greek-American community played in developing Lowell, Massachusetts. 
The Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Community of Lowell commemorates that Archbishop Iakovos was ordained as a priest in the church on June 16, 1940.
History.
The church was built because of the growing population of Greek immigrants in Lowell at the time. Construction started in 1906, and the church opened in 1908. It is the first church in America that was built specifically for a Greek congregation. It was accepted for inclusion in the National Register of Historic Places on April 13, 1977. In late 2010, the congregation started restoration work on the church. The exterior was refurbished, and the water damage in the interior is being repaired. In addition, a lot of the icon murals are being restored.
Hellenic American Academy.
The Hellenic American Academy was formed on March 4, 1906. It was first called the Greek Parochial School. The academy was first located in the basement of the church. It was the first Greek Orthodox Academy in America, and was established by the some of the same Greek Immigrants who founded the church. The Academy is now located on Broadway Street adjacent to the church. It currently educates children in grades K-8.
Architecture.
Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church was built in 1906 as the first Byzantine-style church in America. The building was finished in 1908. The building is shaped like a cross, like most traditional Greek Orthodox Churches. The structure is Lowell architect Henry L. Rourke's interpretation of the Hagia Sophia in Constantinople. Inside the church, mosaics decorate the narthex. In the nave, various Byzantine icon murals decorate the walls, along with stained glass. It is a visible sign of the Greek-American community's significant contribution to Lowell's culture and heritage and of the development of Greek Orthodoxy in New England. 

</doc>
<doc id="18719847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719847" title="Manswers">
Manswers

Manswers (styled MANswers) was a late night comedy series that premiered on Spike on September 19, 2007.
The series is produced by reality television production company, SuperDelicious, and airs on Spike. The executive producers are Adam Cohen, Cara Tapper, Joanna Vernetti, Akifumi Takuma, and Michael Schelp. The show garnered an average of 1.1 million viewers during its first year among a specific target audience. 
The first season consisted of 9 half-hour episodes. The second season continued to show 13 episodes of similar material.
"MANswers" is a satire aimed at predominately male audiences with a wide age range, primarily 18–40. Questions of a comical nature are asked and answered which usually relate to women and tips on how to get them to date you, sex-related questions and trivia, and defense mechanisms in deadly & harmful situations, and also firearms. Specialists with Masters and PhD degrees are brought in and give information from which the viewer can learn.
"MANswers" US TV rating varies from episode to episode. It can be from TV-14-D,L,S,V to TV-MA-(D),L,S,V. The average rating is TV-MA.
Overview.
"MANswers" has a magazine style format which discusses hypothetical questions believed to be the type men discuss. It has a narrator who talks about the topics and usually over a reenactment.

</doc>
<doc id="18719852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719852" title="Helga Liné">
Helga Liné

Helga Liné (born Helga Lina Stern on July 14, 1932) is a German-born Portuguese-Spanish film actress and circus acrobat best known for her work in the horror genre of film. She made 132 appearances mostly in film between 1941 and 2006, but most of her work has been in Spanish cinema.
Biography.
Helga Liné was born Helga Lina Stern on July 14, 1932, in Berlin, Germany. During the Nazi regime she fled Germany at a young age with her family, and took refuge in Portugal. At the age of just 9 she made her first film appearance there in the film "Porto de Abrigo". Helga was a dancer and acrobat in circus performances in Portugal throughout the 1940s and later became a model.
In the 1950s she made further appearances in film, but her career took off after she moved to Madrid in 1960. From this point, the red-headed actress made many appearances in the 1960s, particularly in horror films, action or spy thrillers, and westerns. She also starred in "Hercules and the Tyrants of Babylon", which was filmed in 1964. Although she appeared in James Bond spoof films such as "" (1965) alongside Ken Clark, she is well noted for her horror film work in particular, starring as the spy Natasha in the Gothic feature "Horror Express", in the title role in "The Lorelei's Grasp", as a predatory vampire countess in the erotic film "The Vampires' Night Orgy", and as the leader of a Satanic cult in the "Black Candles". She starred alongside Spanish horror actor Paul Naschy in two notable films: "Horror Rises from the Tomb" and "The Mummy's Revenge". 
Later she would go on to work under Pedro Almodóvar in films such as "Labyrinth of Passion" in 1982 and "Law of Desire" in 1986. She also took part in the popular Spanish TV series Verano azul in the early eighties, as a secondary character.

</doc>
<doc id="18719871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719871" title="Kodak Retina Reflex">
Kodak Retina Reflex

The Kodak Retina Reflex was a series of four single-lens reflex cameras made by Kodak, continuing the brand Kodak Retina.
Type 025 Retina Reflex.
The Kodak Type 025 Retina Reflex is an SLR camera with interchangeable lens components made by Kodak AG Stuttgart, Germany. It was made between Spring 1957 and October 1958. Like many SLR cameras of German heritage it works with a leaf shutter instead of a focal plane shutter. It was named Type 025 Retina Reflex since it inherited several features from the viewfinder camera Type 021 Retina IIIc: The film advance and exposure counting system, the film channel, the selenium meter, and the focusing mechanics of the lenses. Even the Synchro-Compur shutter is very similar to that of the viewfinder camera. The Retina reflex is basically a fixed-lens camera rear except for one aspect - the front three elements are contained in a cell that bayonets into the front of the lens assembly. The standard front cell can be replaced with one of three Schneider components - an 80mm and two different 35mm components. The rear part of the lens (which is a permanent part of the camera body) contains the focusing apparatus, the entire Synchro-Compur shutter, the aperture, and the three rear elements, which are common to all 4 lenses. This interchangeable front component concept was introduced in 1954 with the Kodak Retina IIIc. Care must be exercised when using front components other than the standard (50mm) one, as it is possible to set the body mounted aperture wider than the maximum aperture of the lens (i.e. f/2 instead of f/4 or f/5.6). 
A similar system was introduced in 1956 with the Zeiss-Ikon Contaflex III. The Retina Reflex is, rare occasions, found with very similar lenses made by Rodenstock. As the Rodenstock front components are not compatible with the Schneider rear component(and vice versa), minor changes were made to the bayonet mount for each manufacturer. These interchangeable Retina lens components can also be used on the Retina IIc, IIC, IIIc, and IIIC rangefinder cameras. 
The camera offers the convenience of image composition with wide open aperture. The aperture is stopped down to the selected value after the shutter is released. After exposure the mirror stays up until the bottom-mounted single-stroke film advance lever is again wound. Focusing is via a ground glass screen with a central split-image rangefinder. 
The camera's top plate has the manually set frame counter, the shutter release, the film rewind knob with film reminder dial, the exposure needle window, meter adjustment knob with EV and ASA/DIN scales, the film (advance) release button, the frame (counter) advance slider, and the accessory shoe. The bottom plate contains the tripod socket, the film advance lever, the back release latch, and the film rewind release button. 
In use, the Retina Reflex frame counter works down from 35 (or 20) to 0, at which point the film advance locks. While this is convenient for the user and does prevent torn film sprockets at the end of a roll, setting the counter up properly at the beginning of a roll is complex, awkward, and time consuming. This is a typical example of much of Retina engineering - complex and ingenious, but perhaps over-engineered. 
The non-coupled selenium cell exposure meter reads out in exposure values (EVs) only. The camera is then set to the proper EV setting via an easily reached aperture release tab, though the EV scale itself is rather inconveniently located on the underside of the lens assembly. Once the aperture release tab is set and released, the shutter ring is coupled to the aperture ring - moving the shutter ring automatically moves the aperture ring, so that the same exposure value is maintained. In other words, when in use, the camera is normally locked into one EV setting until the aperture release tab is pressed. Needless to say this can be confusing to those unfamiliar with the camera. 
All the Retina Reflex cameras are remarkably complex instruments and quite heavy for their size. The Retina Reflex originally sold for $215 USD (app. $1570 USD in 2007). Approximately 65,000 were made.
Lenses for the Retina Reflex "(also for the Retina IIc, IIC, IIc, and IIIC cameras)".
The Retina Reflex can be fitted with 4 different lenses. They all share a common set of three elements at the rear of the lens.
or
Type 034 Retina Reflex S.
Introduced in 1959, the Type 034 Retina Reflex S was a major redesign of the original Retina Reflex. The major difference is its use of fully interchangeable lenses, the same lenses that were made for the Kodak Retina IIIS rangefinder camera. The lens mount is commonly referred to as the Deckel mount, after the manufacturer of the Prontor, Compur and other shutters. This same mount, with minor differences, was also used by a number of other German camera makers, including Braun and Voigtländer. It was also used in the later Retina Reflex III, Retina Reflex IV, and the Kodak Instamatic Reflex. As for the original Retina Reflex, lenses were available from both Schneider and Rodenstock, but this time the lenses had identical bayonet mounts.
The shutter is a Synchro-Compur behind the lens unit, which is part of the camera body. The aperture is now in the interchangeable lenses, which eliminates the overexposure problem of the original Retina Reflex. Speed are from 1 sec. to 1/500th plus bulb. It features M and X syncs and a self-timer.
What was the meter adjustment knob on the top plate is now a fixed housing for the ASA/DIN scale. The selenium cell exposure meter is now coupled to a "setting wheel" located on the very bottom of the lens mount. This setting wheel sets adjusts the camera's exposure value (EV) by changing (in a most complex fashion) the aperture and/or shutter rings at the same time that it changes the depth-of-field pointers on the camera's lens. When another button (located on the top plate) is pushed simultaneously, the setting wheel is also used to set the exposure meter's ASA/DIN setting. 
This remarkable bit of engineering demonstrates the complexity of the Retina Reflexes, which makes them a joy to use when they are working, which they seldom are. Their complexity and fragility also make most repairmen reluctant to touch them.
The top plate, bottom plate, and camera body are otherwise nearly identical to the Retina Reflex. 
The Retina Reflex S originally sold for $235 USD (app. $1670 USD in 2007). Approximately 78,000 were made.
Type 041 Retina Reflex III.
A later variant is the Type 041 Retina Reflex III. It was made from 1960 to 1964. 
Its match-needle meter instrument scale is visible in the viewfinder as well as on the top plate. The camera was originally equipped with the same coupled selenium meter as the Reflex S, but after 1962 a larger one was fitted, again made by Gossen. The Reflex III features the same "setting wheel" and interlocking aperture/shutter rings as the Reflex S. As it was fashion in the early 1960s the shutter release button on top was replaced by a shutter release shifter beside the lens mount. The film advance release button was eliminated, that function being incorporated in the frame reset slider, which was moved to the bottom plate along with the (still) manually reset frame counter. The ASA setting button was moved from the ASA dial to the spot vacated by the release button. 
This redesign made a new camera case design necessary, leaving additional space for the frame counter, and the frame reset slider. The Retina Reflex cases were already something special before since the film advance lever (Reflex) and aperture/shutter setting wheel (Reflex S) are located on the bottom. The photo shows just how complex the Retina case had become. 
The Reflex III features the same aperture/shutter setting wheel (which Kodak called simply the "setting wheel") and interlocking aperture/shutter rings as the Reflex S. 
The Retina Reflex III originally sold for $248.50 USD (app. $1720 USD in 2007). Approximately 116,000 were made.
Type 051 Retina Reflex IV.
The Type 051 Retina Reflex IV was made from 1964 to 1967. It has a characteristic little window in the front of its pentaprism housing, which displays the aperture in use in the viewfinder. A hot shoe replaced the accessory shoe of the Reflex III. The frame counter now automatically resets to 36 when the back is opened; the frame advance slider is used to set the counter for shorter rolls. The split-image rangefinder on the ground glass is now at a 45 degree angle.
The Retina Reflex IV originally sold for $277 USD (app. $1860 USD in 2007). Over 524,000 were made.

</doc>
<doc id="18719880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719880" title="New Zealand No.2 Outpost Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery">
New Zealand No.2 Outpost Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery

New Zealand No.2 Outpost Cemetery is a small Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery containing the remains of some of the Allied troops who died during the Battle of Gallipoli.
The battles at Gallipoli were an eight-month campaign fought by British Empire and French forces against the Ottoman Empire in an attempt to force Turkey out of the war and to open a supply route to Russia through the Dardanelles and the Black Sea. 
The NZEF Canterbury Infantry Battalion created No. 1 and 2 Outposts on 30 April 1915. The 16th Casualty Clearing Station and the New Zealand Dental Corps clinic were established near No.2 Outpost, which had a well. Heavy fighting took place there at the end of May and it was later one of the jumping off points for the battle of Sari Bair. The cemetery is one long grave containing burials. Special memorials commemorate 31 casualties thought to be buried among them. Outpost No. 2 Cemetery is within 100 metres of it.

</doc>
<doc id="18719882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719882" title="Wellwood, Fife">
Wellwood, Fife

Wellwood is a small village to the north of Dunfermline, Fife, Scotland. It was named after the Wellwoods who used to own coalmines in the area. It has a primary school, a leisure centre and a golf course (Canmore). It is nearby the Town Loch and also is partially bordered by Queen Anne High School. It was formerly known as Hawkiesfauld.

</doc>
<doc id="18719883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719883" title="V923 Aquilae">
V923 Aquilae

V923 Aquilae is a Be star.

</doc>
<doc id="18719887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719887" title="Central Highway">
Central Highway

Central Highway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18719889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719889" title="Neosho National Fish Hatchery">
Neosho National Fish Hatchery

The Neosho National Fish Hatchery is the oldest federal fish hatchery in operation today. It is one of 69 fish hatcheries operated by the US Fish and Wildlife Service. It was established in 1888.
History.
Neosho, located in the Ozark Mountain region of southwest Missouri, was chosen for the hatchery site because of access to spring water and the railroad. Land for the fish hatchery was purchased from Lemuel B. and Mary A. Hearrell for $2,472. The first source of water for the hatchery, Hearrell Spring, was purchased from the Hearrell's for $1 and provided 300 gallons per minute water flow. By 1890, the fish hatchery was a productive fish station raising seven species of warm and cold water fish. In 1907, McMahon Spring was added to increase the hatchery water supply to 1,000 gallons per minute.
A rehabilitation program was undertaken at the fish hatchery in 1961. A new, modern, tile and brick hatchery building replaced the 1890 hatching house. All trout rearing facilities were removed and replaced with 12 concrete raceways. The title was obtained for of land on the Fort Crowder Military Reservation near Neosho upon which Elm and Bartholic Springs are located. This provided an additional 500 gallons per minute to the hatchery's water supply.
Role of Fish Hatcheries in Conservation.
The US Fish and Wildlife Service operates fish hatcheries throughout the United States. These hatcheries are a significant part of fisheries conservation and restoration efforts by producing and releasing rare, endangered and other fish back into America’s lakes and rivers. Some of these hatcheries also help mitigate the loss of fishing from the large federal dams built in the last century. 
Over 130 species of cold, cool, and warm water fish have been produced at the Neosho NFH since it was established. The current focus is on paddlefish and lake sturgeon restoration, pallid sturgeon recovery, production of rainbow trout for mitigation, and native mussel propagation.
The staff at the Neosho Fish Hatchery also protect the endangered Ozark cavefish in one of the springs that supplies the hatchery with water. In 1989, staff discovered Ozark cavefish using the spring. In 2002 efforts were taken to protect the area surrounding.
The hatchery water supply is from four gravity flow underground springs, located up to four miles (6 km) from the hatchery. The 1,500 gallons per minute of 54 to 64 degree, high quality water allows hatchery staff to produce up to 90,000 pounds of fish annually and to rear several species of imperiled fish and other aquatic species.
References.
Neosho National Fish Hatchery at U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service website

</doc>
<doc id="18719895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719895" title="Castle of Fiddes">
Castle of Fiddes

Castle of Fiddes is a 16th-century tower house in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, located around south-west of Stonehaven. It is dated 1592 on a window lintel, with a later date of 1673 on the east wall suggesting a renovation at this time. It was the property of the Arbuthnott family, who sold it in the later 17th century to the Thomson family of Arduthie. It was modernised around 1930 and remains occupied. It is a category A listed building.
The four-storey tower is built on an unusual variant of the L-plan, with a large circular stair tower and several projecting turrets supported on corbels.

</doc>
<doc id="18719897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719897" title="Selenium meter">
Selenium meter

A selenium meter is a light-measuring instrument based on the photoelectric properties of selenium. The most common use of such light meters is measuring the exposure value for photography. The electric part of such a meter is an electromagnetic measuring instrument which is connected to the anode and cathode of a selenium photo cell that produces more or less electric power when exposed to more or less light. The optical part of such a meter is a window in front of the photo cell's light-sensitive side. The window's surface is usually structured like a honeycomb made of convex lenses. This type of window helps to bundle the light coming from the direction in which the photo cell is pointed. The mechanical part of a selenium meter is an analog calculator which accepts exposure value and film speed as input parameters for showing the possible aperture and shutter-speed combinations for correct exposure.
Types of meters.
Match-needle meters.
The simplest type of match-needle selenium meter shows a clockhand on the meter's scale. This can be moved by turning one slice of the analog calculator. When the clockhand matches the instrument's needle the EV-value is set right on the calculator.
The picture on the right shows the device of the Zenit - E model, mounted on a left side of the camera. The inner (flat) circle rotates with the help of the knob and sets the film sensitivity (visible in both DIN and ASA units through tiny windows). The outer circle is coupled to the moving O - shaped marker in the scale on the left and must be rotated till the marker covers the needle (visible in the left corner). The recommended exposures can be read on a side scale against the possible apertures (top scale). The device is not directly coupled to actual aperture and exposure controls
Another type is common especially where a selenium meter is built into a camera. Then the scale of the instrument shows just one mark. When the needle matches that mark the user can see appropriate aperture/shutter-speed combinations on the analog calculator.
Coupled meters.
More sophisticated cameras have the match-needle instrument coupled directly to aperture and shutter speed setting rings on the lens tube instead to a separate analog calculator. This is the most convenient way of match-needle instrument usage, especially when the meter's scale is mirrored into the viewfinder.
In the beginnings of exposure automation (ca. 1960) the instruments were even used for setting exposure settings directly, mainly for automatic aperture setting. A simple method for this was called "trap-needle"; pressing the shutter release mechanically gripped the meter needle, then moved an aperture control up to hit the needle, setting the aperture to a value controlled by the meter.
This kind of attempt to automate exposure setting was common in an era were precision mechanical engineers didn't know any limits of complication so that even further steps were gone to use selenium photo cells to control all exposure settings, or to control them more exactly with help of electro-mechanical aids. Heinz Waaske's SLR construction "Edixa Electronica" was such a costly attempt. The construction problem was the low electric power delivered by the photo cell. It was a precision mechanical wonder that a handful of cameras were made which had automatic exposure control driven by a selenium meter, without need of further electronic or electromechanical support, for example the Optima.
A compromise for expensive rangefinder or SLR cameras was to offer a selenium meter as optional device that could be coupled to the cameras's shutter speed controls. The scale of these instruments show not an exposure value but an aperture value to be set "uncoupled". An example is shown in the photograph

</doc>
<doc id="18719902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719902" title="Among Other Things, I've Taken Up Smoking">
Among Other Things, I've Taken Up Smoking

Among Other Things, I’ve Taken Up Smoking is a novel by Aoibheann Sweeney. A girl grows up alone with her father on an island in Maine and is sent to stay in New York City with gay friends of her father's who open up her past, and her own world, in ways she cannot begin to imagine. It was published by Penguin Press in 2007 and was an Editor’s Choice at the "New York Times Book Review". It also won a Lambda Literary Award in the Lesbian Debut Fiction category at the 2008 Lambda Literary Awards.
In a review in "The Washington Post", Ron Charles wrote about the way the book “taps into older, sometimes ancient stories...There’s real wisdom in these classic myths and there’s real talent in this sensitive novel.”

</doc>
<doc id="18719924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719924" title="Peter Henry Lemke">
Peter Henry Lemke

Peter Henry Lemke (or Lemcke) (b. at Rehna, Mecklenburg, 27 July 1796; d. at Carrolltown, Pennsylvania, 29 November 1882) was a German Roman Catholic missionary in the United States.
Life.
From a Protestant preacher he became a Catholic on 21 April 1824, and was ordained priest by Bishop Sailer at Ratisbon on 11 April 1826. In 1834 he came as missionary to the United States and after being stationed a short time at Holy Trinity Church, Philadelphia, he was sent as assistant to the aged and infirm Prince Gallitzin at Loretto, Pennsylvania. 
He took up his residence in the neighbouring town of Ebensburg, from where he attended to a portion of Father Gallitzin's district, about fifty miles in extent. In 1836 he bought some land on which two years later he laid out a town which, in honour of the first Catholic Bishop in the United States, he called Carrolltown. He succeeded the deceased Father Gallitzin as pastor of Loretto in 1840. 
Father Lemke was instrumental in bringing to the United States the first Benedictines, under the leadership of Father Boniface Wimmer, the future Archabbot of St. Vincent's, in Pennsylvania. Father Lemke himself joined the new Benedictine community in 1852. 
In 1855 he went as missionary to Kansas, and prepared the way for the foundation of St. Benedict's Abbey at Atchison. From 1861 to 1877 he was stationed at Elizabeth, New Jersey. He was pastor of Sacred Heart Church, now Our Lady of Fatima Church from 1869 to 1977. The remainder of his life he spent at Carrolltown.
Works.
He is the author of a life of Prince Gallitzin: "Leben und Wirken des Prinzen Demetrius Augustin von Gallitzin" (Münster, 1861).

</doc>
<doc id="18719925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719925" title="Andreas Müller (footballer)">
Andreas Müller (footballer)

Andreas Müller (born 13 December 1962 in Stuttgart) is a German former footballer who played mainly as a defensive midfielder.
Football career.
Müller started his professional career at hometown's VfB Stuttgart, where he remained four seasons; in his first season, he netted five times in 20 league matches, helping the club clinch the title (with the title decided on goal difference, he found the net in consecutive 6–0 routings, against Fortuna Düsseldorf and at 1. FC Nuremberg, in April 1984).
After a sole year at Hannover 96, he transferred to FC Schalke 04, then in the second division. During the following 12 years (11 of those as a regular first-team member), Müller helped the side win the 1996–97 UEFA Cup (appearing in 11 matches during the victorious campaign). While at Schalke, he also won the "Goal of the Year" award in 1991. Müller eventually retired in 2000 at almost 38, having amassed 338 topflight matches and 32 goals.
Müller's first off-field role was as director of football at FC Schalke 04 from 2000 on. After Schalke's general manager Rudi Assauer stepped down in May 2006, Müller took over the position. He was sacked in March 2009.
On 18 September 2012, TSG 1899 Hoffenheim appointed Müller as their new general manager. He and coach Marco Kurz were sacked on 2 April 2013.
Müller returned to football in December 2013 after being announced as the new Director of Football by Austria's most successful club SK Rapid Vienna, where he replaced the outgoing Helmut Schulte. 

</doc>
<doc id="18719930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719930" title="The Associate (novel)">
The Associate (novel)

The Associate is a legal thriller by John Grisham. His twenty-first novel, it was published by Doubleday and released in the United States on January 27, 2009.
Plot summary.
As an idealistic graduate of Yale Law School, where he was editor-in-chief of the "Yale Law Journal", Kyle McAvoy has the promise of a highly successful career, although after graduation, he intends to devote three years to public service before applying for employment with a prestigious firm. His plans are derailed when he is approached by two FBI agents (soon proved to be bogus) who interrogate him and then pass him on to a mysterious man known only as Bennie Wright. Bennie has a videotape of a party that took place in Kyle's apartment five years earlier, when he was an undergraduate student at Duquesne University. In it, two of Kyle's fraternity brothers, Joey Bernardo and Baxter Tate, are seen having sexual relations with Elaine Keenan, a coed who later claimed she was raped while unconscious, a charge seemingly supported by Joey asking Baxter "Is she awake?" on the tape. At the time, the incident was investigated by local police, who determined there had been no assault and declined to take further action. With the tape now in his possession, Bennie threatens to expose Kyle's secret unless he cooperates with him and his associates.
Bennie's plan is to have Kyle accept a position at New York City-based Scully & Pershing, the world's largest law firm, which is representing Trylon Aeronautics in its case against Bartin Dynamics. The two defense contractors had joined forces to design the B-10 HyperSonic Bomber for The Pentagon, and when they won the contract over Lockheed, the competitor sought support from senators and lobbyists. Legal battles ensued, and Trylon and Bartin – each laying claim to ownership of the design and technologies developed for the project – are now ready to wage battle against each other in court. Kyle will be required to infiltrate Scully & Pershing's files and deliver to Bennie crucial information the people he represents need. 
His first instinct is to ignore Bennie's blackmail threats and deal with whatever consequences may arise, but the thought of the shame and embarrassment his family will suffer if he is indicted for the incident in his past, not to mention the negative impact on his own future, leads him to agree to Bennie's demands.
Constantly under surveillance while outdoors and living in an apartment in which he knows bugs and cameras have been hidden, Kyle slowly learns how to trick those who are trailing him into believing he is unaware of their presence. He seeks help from Joey, who has more to lose than Kyle does if the videotape is made public, and with his old friend as a somewhat unwilling accomplice, plots to outwit his blackmailer. What he doesn't anticipate is the re-emergence of Elaine, who still maintains she was raped, and Baxter, who has completed a lengthy stint in rehab and, as part of his twelve-step program, wants to make amends to the girl he raped. His admission of guilt will give Elaine the proof she needs to file charges, and with Kyle drawn into the spotlight, his position at Scully & Pershing will be jeopardized, a risk Bennie must eliminate by any means. Baxter is found shot dead, with no evidence of the murderer's identity, although Kyle is certain that Bennie ordered it.
After working at the law firm's 'boot camp' for some months, as do all new associates, Kyle eventually gets drawn into the Trylon case and is granted access to the highly secure computer room where the confidential information is stored. Bennie and Nigel, a computer expert, force him to use a thumbdrive to download the files, which he does. But by this time, realizing that Bennie is nearly always one step ahead of him, Kyle has spoken to Roy Benedict, a criminal lawyer and former FBI operative. He tells Roy the whole story.
Roy still has good connections within the FBI, and they set up an operation to catch Bennie as non secret information is being transferred. But it misfires; Bennie and his associates vanish and remain unidentified and unapprehended, although Kyle thinks he's working for some other branch of the government. 
Kyle admits his actions to the firm's partners, and agrees to leave their employ immediately and not practice law in New York for two years. He also voices his belief that one of the firm's partners has acted as a 'mole', passing information to Bennie.
Refusing the FBI's offer of witness protection, Kyle goes home to his father, also a lawyer, who knows the whole sorry saga and had already signed a deal with Elaine and her lawyer. Kyle plans to became a partner in his father's law firm.
Background.
Grisham's plot is based in part on the case of a Las Vegas man who, as part of his Alcoholics Anonymous program, wrote a letter of apology to a woman he had raped at a fraternity party at the University of Virginia in 1984. Her claim had been ignored by the police and school officials at the time, but nineteen years later his admission of guilt resulted in his being charged with rape and eventually serving six months in prison after plea bargaining.
Critical reception.
Janet Maslin of the "New York Times" stated, "Mr. Grisham so often writes similar books that the same things must be said of them. "The Associate" is true to form: it grabs the reader quickly, becomes impossible to put down, stays that way through most of its story, and then escalates into plotting so crazily far-fetched that it defies resolution. Kyle McAvoy is another of the two-dimensional yet terrifically likeable heroes who come to life on Mr. Grisham’s pages only to evaporate later. It’s easy to predict what choice Kyle will make at the end of the novel. It’s impossible to imagine, let alone care, what his life will be like once the improbably wild furor surrounding this one lone law-firm recruit is over."
Richard Rayner of the "Los Angeles Times" said, "Nobody goes to Grisham for style, and there's a sense here of a skilled craftsman cranking it out on autopilot. Nothing much happens, and when it happens, it's pretty predictable. Grisham's Kyle is cardboard-thin (Scott Turow has a much defter hand with character), but Grisham is an effective lens through which we observe the intricacies of corporate law, an easily corruptible world governed, not by right and wrong, but by the concept of the billable hour . . . "The Associate" springs to angry life from time to time, but on the whole it's by the numbers, a plodding page-turner. But it's still a page-turner: Many of Grisham's legions of fans will doubtless sign up for this latest ride, eager to see how Kyle McAvoy manages to get himself out of the hole. With ideals restored, Grisham ensures, making Kyle an appealing model for our troubled new time." 
Patrick Anderson of the "Washington Post" observed, "Grisham has long since proved his narrative talent. His plot is highly fanciful, and he makes it easy for us to keep flipping the pages to see if Kyle can find a way out of this mess. He mostly writes clean, workmanlike prose, but I have one stylistic complaint about the novel. It's important to Grisham not only that Kyle be seen as noble, but also that his tormentor be a rat. Thus, as Bennie spits out his nefarious demands, we're variously told that he speaks 'with a sneer,' with a 'smart-ass grin,' with a 'silly smirk.' Enough already; we get it." 
Charles Taylor of "Newsday" said, "You don't need to be sadistic or foul-mouthed to write a good thriller, but you need exactly what Grisham lacks: a taste for cunning, meanness and grit. He sets up a big showdown only to walk away from it, and so the tension just dribbles off. Worse, Grisham's country-mouse attitude toward the big, bad city - where apartments rent for thousands of dollars a month and you can't find a good $3.99 blue-plate special at the local diner - is a drag. Who wants to reach for a thriller and wind up with Frank Capra?" 
Lev Grossman of "Time" said the novel "ticks along lightly and pleasantly — it's crafted and paced with the same signature glossy perfection that makes Grisham, book for book, probably the best-selling novelist in the world. It's just that it's not about anything. In fact it's amazing that anybody could put together a book that is this compulsively readable while at the same time being almost entirely devoid of substance of any kind . . . "The Associate" is as close to being about nothing as a book can be — it's a masterpiece of almost ghostly narrative minimalism, a book of names without characters, a book with plot points but no plot. There's something comforting about the meaningless hindbrain tension that "The Associate" generates in the reader — empty tension, the kind where there's nothing genuine at stake. Comforting too is the cozy quaintness of Grisham's little world. It's supposed to be a scary place, in theory, full of brooding criminals and impossible choices, but it's really a relic of the American past, one as sentimental and archaic as a Norman Rockwell painting . . . "The Associate" is high-calorie comfort food, a thriller that doesn't actually thrill." 
Joshua Rozenberg of "The Observer" said, "Suffice it to say that "The Associate" bears many similarities to "The Firm", even down to the two dust jackets, which both show shadowy young lawyers on the run. Plagiarism? No, because both books are by John Grisham. Those who believed, even for a moment, that I was suggesting impropriety will recognise this as the sort of false trail that Grisham uses to good effect . . . Though our hero believes himself to be in the clear, he goes along with the blackmailers' demands. The reader screams at him to call their bluff, but that would ruin the story. So we suspend our disbelief. Then, just as we have got used to the idea, he changes his mind and sets about trapping the blackmailers after all. And that's it. The ending is curiously flat." 

</doc>
<doc id="18719931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719931" title="Naisten Liiga">
Naisten Liiga

Naisten Liiga ("Women's League") is the highest division of women's football in Finland. The competition was first held in 1971. Up to 2006 it was known as Naisten SM-sarja ("Women's Finnish championship series").
The league consists of 10 clubs who play two rounds with a total of 27 matches per team in a season. At the end of the season the 10th placed team is relegated to the second level. The league champion qualifies for the next season's UEFA Women's Champions League.
Previous champions.
A list of all champions:

</doc>
<doc id="18719932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719932" title="District of Columbia Financial Control Board">
District of Columbia Financial Control Board

The District of Columbia Financial Control Board (officially the District of Columbia Financial Responsibility and Management Assistance Authority) was a five-member body established by the United States Congress in 1995 to oversee the finances of Washington, D.C. Created through the District of Columbia Financial Responsibility and Management Assistance Act of 1995, the board had the power to override decisions by Washington's mayor and city council.
It suspended its activities on September 30, 2001, when the District achieved its fourth consecutive balanced budget.
Background.
Article I, Section 8 The United States Constitution grants Congress the authority "To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the United States." However, after several attempts at governing bodies of various structures and independence, Congress in 1973 passed legislation (the District of Columbia Home Rule Act) investing local government in a mayor and 13-member city council, to be elected by the District's citizens. However, all legislation and executive actions were subject to congressional oversight and approval.
By the mid-1990s, however, DC's elected officials had mired the capital in a financial crisis. In particular, the mayoral administrations of Marion Barry and Sharon Pratt Kelly had frequently outspent their budgets, squandering city finances by the hiring vast numbers of city employees (so many that the city could not keep track of precisely how many), mismanagement, and extravagances. A Government Accounting Office audit conducted during Kelly's administration in 1994 projected a $1 billion shortfall by Fiscal Year 1999; when Barry regained the office of mayor in 1995, his new administration found that FY96 would include a deficit of over $700 million.
Barry soon petitioned Congress for financial rescue — although his proposal did not include significant cuts in the city's budget or payroll but relied on federal funding to compensate for the gap in funding. At that time, however, Republicans had just taken control of Congress, based partly on promises of fiscal restraint; instead of injecting federal cash into the city, Congress enacted legislation to create the Control Board, assuming budgetary and spending oversight over the mayor's office.
Staff.
John W. Hill, Jr. was the first executive director of the board. He was followed by Francis S. Smith. The Control Board's first chief of staff was Yolanda Branche, followed by Russell Smith. For the entire term of the Control Board's life, Daniel A. Rezneck was its general counsel and Dexter Lockamy was its chief financial officer.

</doc>
<doc id="18719955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719955" title="Deutsch Inc.">
Deutsch Inc.

Deutsch Inc. is an American advertising agency headquartered in New York, New York. Founded as David Deutsch Associates, Inc. by David Deutsch in 1969, the company name was later changed to Deutsch Inc. when his son, Donny Deutsch, took over the agency in 1989. Deutsch LA opened its office in 1997 and in November 2000, the agency was sold to Interpublic Group of Companies. Deutsch was sold to the Interpublic Group of Companies in 2000. Deutsch is currently led by Linda Sawyer who took over the role as CEO North America in October 2009.
As a fully integrated service agency, Deutsch has been named "Agency of the Year" 10 times in the trade press and has appeared on Ad Age's "Best Places to Work" list two years running. the AAF Mosaic Award for Multicultural Talent in Advertising, and the AEF Agency Award.
Offices.
New York.
Deutsch NY serves as the official headquarters for Deutsch Inc. Val DiFebo was named CEO in October 2009, and oversees day-to-day business and operations with a team of distinguished agency partners."
"The Breakfast Project" for Milk featuring Salma Hayek, and most recently, the "Inside/Out" campaign for Go Daddy.
Los Angeles.
Deutsch LA opened its doors in 1995, headed by Mike Sheldon. Continuing with cars, Volkswagen brought its business to Deutsch LA in 2009. The agency has since produced multiple award winning campaigns and Super Bowl spots for the brand. Deutsch LA recently acquired business from the Target Corporation in March 2012. Currently, they are working on Target’s Red Card, back to college, and Olympic brands.

</doc>
<doc id="18719962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719962" title="Anton Allemann">
Anton Allemann

Anton "Toni" Allemann (6 January 1936 – 3 August 2008) was a Swiss footballer. He began his career at BSC Young Boys in Berne in 1957 at age 21, where he spent four seasons. In 1961, he joined Italian side A.C. Mantova, and later played for PSV Eindhoven in the Netherlands, and 1. FC Nürnberg in Germany, before returning home to Switzerland in 1966 to play for Grasshopper-Club Zürich.
At the international level, Allemann played 27 times for the Swiss national team, and scored nine international goals. He made his national-team debut in a friendly match against Sweden in 1958, and was a member of Switzerland's 1962 FIFA World Cup squad. He played his last international match in June 1966, where he scored the qualification goal but he was omitted from Switzerland's World Cup squad the same year.
Allemann died 3 August 2008, aged 72, after suffering a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="18719989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18719989" title="Venice of America House">
Venice of America House

Venice of America House is a Late Victorian house built in 1906 in present day Venice in Los Angeles, California. 
The Venice of America House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18720005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720005" title="Birmingham Canal Navigations Society">
Birmingham Canal Navigations Society

The Birmingham Canal Navigations Society is a waterway society, a registered charity no. 1091760 (since 1968) and a limited company no. 4306537 (since 2002), operating on the Birmingham Canal Navigations, and based at Oldbury, West Midlands, England, UK.

</doc>
<doc id="18720029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720029" title="Seven Robbers">
Seven Robbers

The Seven Robbers () were martyrs on the island of Corcyra (Corfu) in the 2nd century AD. Their names were Saturninus, Insischolus (Jakischolus), Faustianus, Januarius, Marsalius, Euphrasius, and Mammius.
Life.
The Greek menologia (calendars of the saints) inform us that Sts. Jason and Sosipater, who had been instructed in Christianity by the Apostles or by Jesus himself, came to the island of Corcyra to preach Christianity. After making numerous conversions they were cast into a dungeon where the above-named seven robbers were imprisoned. They succeeded in converting the robbers who were then taken outside the city and martyred by being cast into cauldrons that were filled with seething oil and pitch.
Commemoration.
Some Greek menologies mention them on April 27, others, on April 29. In the Roman martyrology they are commemorated on April 20.

</doc>
<doc id="18720030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720030" title="Fixation reflex">
Fixation reflex

The fixation reflex is that concerned with attracting the eye on a peripheral object. For example, when a light shines in the periphery, the eyes shift gaze on it. It is controlled by the occipital lobe of the cerebral cortex, corroborated by three main tests:
Older research declares that a motor pathway from the occipital cortex to the brainstem motor neurons was via the superior colliculi. This is the case in lower animals, but in humans, the theory that eye-muscle nuclei aside from the superior colliculi of the midbrain is now generally held.
When an object is focused directly at an object but the eyes drift off their target, the fixation reflex keeps the eyes focused on the original object, albeit moving itself

</doc>
<doc id="18720032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720032" title="Typhoon Fung-wong (2008)">
Typhoon Fung-wong (2008)

Typhoon Fung-wong (International designation: 0808, JTWC designation: 09W, PAGASA name: Igme) was a deadly typhoon in the 2008 Pacific typhoon season which made landfall on the Philippines and China. Typhoon Fung-wong reached peak intensity of a Category 2 typhoon on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center with peak winds of . Damage was extensive in Taiwan, hitting little more than a week later than Typhoon Kalmaegi, but a specific cost is unknown, though later estimated at 541 million (2008 USD).
Meteorological history.
On July 20, 2008, a tropical disturbance formed to the south-east of Okinawa, Japan. Later that day the Joint Typhoon Warning Center, started to issue tropical weather outlooks on the disturbance. At this time the JTWC assessed its chances of forming into a significant tropical cyclone within 24 hours as "Poor". Over the next few days as the disturbance slowly moved south west the JTWC kept assessing the disturbance chances of forming into a significant tropical cyclone as poor due to the disturbance's transition from a cold core to a warm core. Late on July 23 the JTWC upgraded the disturbances chances of becoming a significant tropical cyclone to fair. This came after the Japan Meteorological Agency had designated the disturbance as a minor tropical depression.
Early the next day the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) designated the disturbance as a tropical depression and assigned the local name of Igme to the depression. Later that morning the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert as they upgraded the disturbance's chances of becoming a significant tropical cyclone to "Good". At the same time the JMA designated the depression as a full tropical depression. Later that day the JTWC upgraded the disturbance to a tropical depression and designated it as 09W. During the morning of July 25 both the JTWC and the JMA upgraded the depression to a tropical storm, with the JMA assigning the name Fung-wong to the storm. During that day Fung-wong intensified slowly with the JMA reporting early the next day that Fungwong had become a severe tropical storm. Later on July 26 the JTWC upgraded Fungwong to typhoon status, whilst the JMA were reporting that Fung-wong was still a severe tropical storm. The next morning the JMA upgraded Fung-wong to typhoon status, and then later that day reported that Fung-wong had reached its 10-minute peak wind speeds of , (85 mph, 140 km/h). Fung-wong also reached its 1-minute sustained peak wind speeds of , (110 mph, 175 km/h) which made Fung-wong a category two typhoon as it moved towards Taiwan.
Late on July 27 Fungwong made landfall on Taiwan near the border of Hualien County and Taitung County. Early the next day, as Fungwong moved towards the west through Taiwan, the JMA downgraded Fungwong to a severe tropical storm as it moved through Changhua County towards the Taiwan Strait. Fung-wong then moved into the Taiwan Strait later that morning, before being downgraded that afternoon to a Tropical Storm by the JTWC. Fungwong then made its second landfall, this time on south-east China. Later that day the JTWC issued its final advisory on Fung-wong, as the JTWC expected Fung-wong to dissipate over land during the next 12 hours. However the JMA continued to issue advisories on Fung-wong as it moved across China downgrading it to a Tropical Storm early on July 29. The JMA then kept issuing advisories on Fung-wong until early that afternoon when they downgraded Fungwong to a tropical depression and issued their final advisory. However the JMA kept issuing warnings on the depression until it dissipated the next day.
Preparations.
Taiwan.
On July 27, Taiwan's Central Weather Bureau issued land and sea advisories for the entire main island of Taiwan. In advance of the storm's arrival in Taiwan, both Hualien County and Taitung County in eastern Taiwan called off work and classes both for the evening of July 27 as well as all day on July 28. All local governments in Taiwan proper, as well as the island county of Penghu in the Taiwan Strait have called off work and school for the 28th. Several airlines have cancelled all domestic flights for the 28th as has some international flights from Taoyuan, Kaohsiung, and Taichung. The Taiwan Railways Administration cancelled all trains running the eastern Taiwan line for the evening of the 27th and all trains nationwide where shut down until 17:00 local time (0900 UTC) on the 28th. High Speed Rail trains are scheduled where resume at 18:00.
Mainland China.
Officials in Fujian Province sent out over 20 million text messages to the public, alerting them of the approaching typhoon. A total of 751,600 people were evacuated from coastal areas in Fujian, Zhejian and Guangdong provinces.
Impact.
Taiwan.
Early on during July 27 outer feeder bands of the storm started to strike the eastern part of the country. The storm made its first landfall at around 06:50 local time on July 28 (around 2250 UTC - July 27) near the border of Hualien County and Taitung County and emerged into the Taiwan Strait from Changhua County at 14:30 local time (0630 UTC). As the storm passed through Taiwan, more than 26,000 households had lost power, mostly in the north and east of the country. Flooding was reported in areas of eastern Taiwan during and after the Typhoon and 32 townships in the east and south had landslide warnings placed into effect during the storm.
According to the Central Weather Bureau, Taiping Mountain in Ilan County the Bureau's equipment registered over 778 mm of precipitation. Other places registering high rainfall totals include Sioulin township in Hualien County with 601 mm, Jianshih township in Hsinchu County with 510 mm and Heping Township in Taichung County (now part of Taichung City) reporting 401 mm of precipitation. The top urban areas are Hualien City with 217 mm and the capital Taipei City has seen 261 mm fall. Heaviest rainfall has been in Ilan and Hualien counties in the east while Hsinchu City through Taichung City to Yunlin County in the rain shadow have received the least rainfall tallying 15 mm or less.
As Fung-wong tracked over Taiwan, roughly 359,036 households lost power, 13,034 lost their water supply and 17,361 lost telephone service. The heaviest rainfall was recording on Tai-Ping Mountain in Yilian County at 818 mm (32.2 in). During the storm, officials evacuated 1,236 people from numerous locations which were considered to be in life threatening situations.
Mainland China.
Fung-wong brought heavy rains to mainland China, peaking at in Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province. Up to was estimated to have fallen across Fujian Province, leading to two locals rivers overflowing.
The JTWC reported that the typhoon, as a tropical storm made its second landfall over mainland China on July 28 1500 UTC, around south of Fuzhou. Xinhua News Agency, however, reported the storm making landfall at 10 pm local time (1400 UTC). Fujian Province was hard hit, receiving gusting winds of up to 155 km/h. 338,000 people were evacuated, and casualties are one dead and six injured. Damages in Fujian provence totaled to 503 million yuan ($73 million). Fung-wong destroyed 8,667 homes and damaged 38,300 others. An estimated of farmland were also lost. Damages were estimated at CNY 3.37 billion ($493 million USD)
Philippines.
Luzon in the Philippines (particularly Metro Manila) experienced torrential rain noontime local time from the outerbands, causing floods on many roads. Classes for Monday (July 28) were then suspended in twelve provinces as rains were imminent at the time. PAGASA warned small seacraft not to make voyage, as the typhoon-induced southwest monsoon is very strong. As of Late on Monday, July 28, four people had died, two were injured and 5 are still missing in Northern Luzon (mostly in Ilocos and Cordillera Administrative Region) due to the effects of the Typhoon.
According to the latest Philippine National Disaster Coordinating Council Situation Report, Igme (Fung-wong) left seven dead, two injured and three missing. Igme affected the lives of 22,079 persons in 93 barangays in three provinces. Damages caused by Igme cost almost PHP1.9 million.
Aftermath.
Officials sent 530 tents and CNY 5.1 million ($746,257 USD) in disaster funds to affected areas in Anhui Province.

</doc>
<doc id="18720040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720040" title="Koreans in Uruguay">
Koreans in Uruguay

Koreans in Uruguay, numbering 130 individuals, formed the 19th-largest Korean community in Latin America as of 2005, according to the statistics of South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade.
Migration history.
The first Korean immigrants to Uruguay were ten families, totalling 45 persons, admitted in March 1975 to work in the agricultural sector. However, most of them later emigrated to Argentina and Paraguay. Since 1980, a total of 140 Koreans have naturalised as Uruguayan citizens, although many are not resident in the country any longer. The population is transient and fluctuates in size; the peak months of Korean presence in Uruguay are June, July, November, and December.
Employment.
Most Koreans live in and around Montevideo, where some work as fishermen, while others are involved in the textile industry. The fishermen are almost all from Busan; they earn between US$1,000 and US$1,500 a month, while the engineers on their boats receive US$3,000-4,000 and the captain may make as much as US$6,000. The fishermen often work in dangerous conditions, and feel a sense of isolation due to the long time they spend at sea, as well as the language barrier they face. In February 2007, three Korean fishermen were killed in an explosion on board a fishing boat, along with their Vietnamese colleague. While on shore, they largely patronise Korean businesses, such as the three or four Korean-run "noraebang" (karaoke bars) in Montevideo. Though largely staffed by local women, the bars reportedly refuse entry to non-Korean customers.
As of 2013, there are 15 South Korean citizens registered in the Uruguayan social security.
Religion.
South Korean missionaries of the Church of the Brethren, a Protestant denomination, have been evangelising among Korean fishermen in Uruguay for almost 20 years. One of their earliest converts from among the fishermen, Simon Lee, eventually left the fishing industry to devote himself to religious work; in 2004, he and ten others established a Korean church in Montevideo, which also aimed to serve fishermen from other Asian countries as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18720057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720057" title="The Black Onyx">
The Black Onyx

Because of memory limitations, another part of the game were released separately on some platforms as (which added a magic system). Two other parts were announced, (which allowed the party to explore the wilderness), and (which allowed the party to take part in Arena battles).
Gameplay.
The player can create a five-member party (4 members on GBC), or can ask friendly encounters to join the party to fill empty slots. The party will explore the dungeons under the town of Utsuro (ウツロ) to obtain the legendary Black Onyx. Doing so will break the curse which binds the town in eternal night.
The combat system has no concept of distance, so there are no bows or similar missile weapons. There are melee weapons, shields, and armor, however. The hospital in town can offer "examinations" which display the PCs' stats.
There is a bank in town where the heroes can deposit money. This protects money from thieves; but there is no interest on the deposits, since there is no time system. 
The labyrinth under the town has several entrances, each hidden in one of the locations of the town. The labyrinth has six floors corresponding to the six colors the computer can display. These must be solved in the proper order (which depends on the platform) in order to create the stairway to the Black Tower, where the Onyx resides.

</doc>
<doc id="18720070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720070" title="Naval Group Support Activity, Winter Harbor">
Naval Group Support Activity, Winter Harbor

Naval Group Support Activity, Winter Harbor was a radio station of the United States Navy that operated from 1935 to 2002.
History.
In the early 1930s, Otter Cliffs Radio Station on Mount Desert Island was literally falling apart. John D. Rockefeller, Jr. wanted to tear down the station. The Navy was willing to meet Rockefeller halfway on the removal of the radio station from Otter Cliffs. If he would build an equally good receiving station on the coast within of Otter Cliffs, the Navy would agree to turn over the Otter Cliffs Station to him to include it as a donation to Acadia National Park upon the removal of the station structures. 
Big Moose Island, at the tip of Schoodic Peninsula about five miles across the mouth of Frenchman Bay from Otter Cliffs, seemed the ideal location.
The architect's plan for the new station included a beautiful building similar to Mr. Rockefeller's residence at Seal Harbor. Artisans from all over the world contributed to the project. It has been estimated that to build the same structure today would cost $10 million.
On Feb. 28, 1935, the U.S. Navy Radio and Direction Finding Station Winter Harbor was officially commissioned with Chief Radioman Max Gunn in charge of a complement of 11 personnel. 
The station's name has changed several times over the years. In 1944, it was changed to Supplementary Radio Station, U.S. Naval Radio Station Winter Harbor. In 1950, it became known as U.S. Naval Radio Station (Receiver). The present station name, Naval Security Group Activity, Winter Harbor, became official on June 9, 1958.
In the last year, the base transitioned from an operational posture to focusing on the closure process, with the ultimate goal of transferring the Schoodic parcel to the National Park Service. The last System Maintenance Training Course graduated in July 2001. The Wullenweber Antenna and Classic Wizard antennas came down in August. The last service was held at the Chapel Sept. 2, 2001, and the Foc'sle Galley served its last meal on Sept. 28, 2001.
On July 5, 2013, the site was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Redevelopment.
The current plans for the site state that the self-sufficient town is to be redeveloped into a learning center of sorts. The National Park Service will determine the final fate of the property.
Commanders.
Radio Direction Finding Station:CRM M. C. Gunn, CRM O. C. Coonce, CRM F. L. Freeman, CRM J. W. Pearson, CRM/LTJG M. C. Gunn, LTJG L. A. Lankford
Supplementary Naval Station:LTJG H. I. Maltz, CRE L. A. Newbury, LTJG M. C. Gunn, LTJG C. M. Smith, LCDR H. L. Kisner
Naval Radio Station (Receiver):LCDR F. V. Mason, CDR K. B. Kohler, CDR S. E. Hazelett, LCDR I. E. Willis, LCDR M. C. Morris, LCDR J. L. Koon
Naval Group Support Activity:LCDR J. L. Koon, CDR T. J. Quick, CDR C. G. Lawrence, CDR S. T. Faulkner, CDR T. F. Hahn, CDR H. J. Davis, CDR J. F. WIlliamson, LCDR D. K. Layman, CDR G. C. Lawrence Montgomery Jr., CAPT J. D. Wood Jr., CAPT A. D. McEachen III, CAPT M. J. Whelan Jr., CAPT R. K. Lunde, CAPT T. F. Stevens, CAPT E. R. Dittmer, CAPT H. W. Whiton, CAPT J. T. Mitchell, CDR E. J. Kurzanski, CDR S. K. Tucker, CDR M. S. Rogers, CDR E. F. Williamson

</doc>
<doc id="18720088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720088" title="Rank of a group">
Rank of a group

In the mathematical subject of group theory, the rank of a group "G", denoted rank("G"), can refer to the smallest cardinality of a generating set for "G", that is
If "G" is a finitely generated group, then the rank of "G" is a nonnegative integer. The notion of rank of a group is a group-theoretic analog of the notion of dimension of a vector space. Indeed, for "p"-groups, the rank of the group "P" is the dimension of the vector space "P"/Φ("P"), where Φ("P") is the Frattini subgroup.
The rank of a group is also often defined in such a way as to ensure subgroups have rank less than or equal to the whole group, which is automatically the case for dimensions of vector spaces, but not for groups such as affine groups. To distinguish these different definitions, one sometimes calls this rank the subgroup rank. Explicitly, the subgroup rank of a group "G" is the maximum of the ranks of its subgroups:
Sometimes the subgroup rank is restricted to abelian subgroups.
The rank problem.
There is an algorithmic problem studied in group theory, known as the rank problem. The problem asks, for a particular class of finitely presented groups if there exists an algorithm that, given a finite presentation of a group from the class, computes the rank of that group. The rank problem is one of the harder algorithmic problems studied in group theory and relatively little is known about it. Known results include:
Generalizations and related notions.
The rank of a finitely generated group "G" can be equivalently defined as the smallest cardinality of a set "X" such that there exists an onto homomorphism "F"("X") → "G", where "F"("X") is the free group with free basis "X". There is a dual notion of co-rank of a finitely generated group "G" defined as the "largest" cardinality of "X" such that there exists an onto homomorphism "G" → "F"("X"). Unlike rank, co-rank is always algorithmically computable for finitely presented groups, using the algorithm of Makanin and Razborov for solving systems of equations in free groups.
The notion of co-rank is related to the notion of a "cut number" for 3-manifolds.
If "p" is a prime number, then the "p"-rank of "G" is the largest rank of an elementary abelian "p"-subgroup. The sectional "p"-rank is the largest rank of an elementary abelian "p"-section (quotient of a subgroup).

</doc>
<doc id="18720090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720090" title="Ivano Staccioli">
Ivano Staccioli

Ivano Staccioli (1927–July 15, 1995) was an Italian film actor.
Staccioli made 70 appearances between 1960 and 1991, mostly in film. He is best known for his appearances in historical adventures and action or western films in the 1960s. Particularly in the early 1960s he appeared in many gladiatorial films or ancient epics. In 1965 he starred in the western "30 Winchester per El Diablo" and "A 008, operazione Sterminio", a spoof of the James Bond genre.
In the mid to late 1960s he was often credited as John Heston for Italian films dubbed for the American audience, particularly his westerns.

</doc>
<doc id="18720096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720096" title="Luti Fagbenle">
Luti Fagbenle

Luti Fagbenle is a BAFTA-nominated film producer and entrepreneur. He is best known for producing music videos for high profile recording artists such as One Direction, Nicki Minaj, Missy Elliott, Kanye West, Snoop Dogg, Cheryl Cole, Olly Murs, The Wanted, Flo Rida, Nicole Scherzinger, Akon, Pitbull, JLS and Girls Aloud. He is also well known for his performances as Ali Taylor in popular soap opera "Hollyoaks". Luti is a frequent collaborator with high profile international Directors such as Colin Tilley, Director X, Anthony Mandler, Kanye West, Ray Kay, Marc Klasfeld and others.
Career.
In 2006 Luti founded the production company Luti Media. The company has produced hundreds of music videos, commercials and films. Their work has been honoured with nominations and awards from the MTV VMAs, BAFTA, The MOBO Awards, Virgin Media Shorts, the UKMVAs and others.
Fagbenle's debut film was the 2006 Channel 4 Documentary 'Nike Midnight Madness' narrated by Trevor Nelson.
In 2009 the British Academy Film Awards (BAFTAs) nominated the short film Mixtape written and directed by Luke Snellin and starring Bill Milner, which Luti produced.
In 2010 Luti Media produced their first no.1 video for Yolanda Be Cool We Speak No Americano
In 2011 Luti produced the MTV VMA nominated video The Wanted "Glad You Came".
In 2012 The Luti Media produced music video for JLS 'Do You Feel What I Feel' won the 2012 MOBO for best video.
In 2013 Luti's video for One Direction "Best Song Ever" broke the record on VEVO for views in 24 hours. Vevo the world’s leading all-premium music video and entertainment platform, announced that the music video One Direction “Best Song Ever” music video delivered 12.3million views across VEVO in the 24 hours following its premiere. This beats out the previous record holder, Miley Cyrus “We Can’t Stop,” which hit 10.7 million views
Screen Nation honoured Luti with the Digital Vanguard Award for trailblazing contribution to the British and international online digital media industry at the 2013 Digital-IS Media awards at Google's headquarters. This acknowledgement is the highest digital media award presented by Screen Nation, which is the leading organisation across Europe celebrating and rewarding excellence by African Caribbean people in the global film, TV and digital media industry.

</doc>
<doc id="18720105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720105" title="John Furniss">
John Furniss

John Furniss (born near Sheffield, England, 19 June 1809; died at Clapham, London, 16 September 1865) was an English Roman Catholic priest, known for his mission to children.
Life.
His father was a wealthy master-cutler. He was educated at Sedgley Park School, St Mary's College, Oscott, and Ushaw College, where he became a priest in 1834. He was resident priest at Doncaster for five years, but his health having given way he travelled during eight years through Europe and the East.
After his return home, 1847, he spent some time at Islington, London, working for the welfare of street children. He became a professed member of the Congregation of the Most Holy Redeemer at St. Trond, Belgium, 1851, and afterwards gave missions in England and Ireland; but from 1851 until his death he devoted himself wholly to giving missions to children. 
He was the founder of children's missions and "the children's Mass", and by his writings systematized a philosophy of religious training. These missions lasted sometimes three weeks, and were given not only to school-children, but to working boys and girls. His maxim was that "nothing so disgusted children as monotony", and therefore he had the prayers at Mass and the Rosary sung to simple airs, and his sermons seldom lasted more than twenty minutes. Preaching quietly but with great dramatic power from a platform, he held their attention. He was a story-teller, seldom moving to laughter but often to tears.
Works.
He spent his spare time writing books for children in simple language. His chief works are "The Sunday-School Teacher" and "God and His creatures", which has been published in French. 
He wrote a scathing answer to an attack on his works by the "Saturday Review". His writings were assailed as "infamous publications" by the rationalist historian William Edward Hartpole Lecky in his "History of European Morals", chiefly on account of the somewhat lurid eschatology of the children's books. More than four millions of his booklets were sold.

</doc>
<doc id="18720123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720123" title="Pmset">
Pmset

In computing, pmset is a command line utility to manipulate power management settings under the Darwin and Mac OS X operating systems. It can assign sleep settings, schedule sleep and wake times, and display power information. 
History.
The pmset utility first appeared in Darwin 6.0.1 and Mac OS X 10.2 "Jaguar". It has been updated periodically since its introduction, and is still available as of Darwin 12.3 and OS X 10.8 "Mountain Lion".
Behavior.
The utility sets or lists "power management settings". Some of the functionality provided by the utility is available through the GUI interface of the Energy Saver preference pane. However, pmset allows for greater flexibility and access to several options not available in the GUI.
The utility can set different power management settings depending on usage scenario. Different settings can be applied for when the machine is running off a charger, battery, UPS, or all three. The appropriate flags are as follows:
Additional arguments be supplied when assigning any power management settings. Power management arguments are discussed in greater detail below. When invoking the command, only specified arguments modify power management options. Any arguments already set will be unmodified by pmset unless those arguments are specifically included.
The utility can schedule wake, sleep, power on or power off events. Events can be recurring based on arbitrary weekday and time combinations, or scheduled for future dates and times. The syntax for scheduling an event is as follows:
Previously stored events will be overwritten upon running this command. To schedule multiple events they must be entered in one command string. For example, to set a shutdown event every day of the week at 23:59 and a wake or power on event every day of the week at 7:00 enter the following:
The get flag displays information about the current power management configuration, or a log of recent activity. If no additional arguments are supplied the flag will only display current settings. Additional get arguments are discussed in greater detail below. The get flag is as follows:
To view the currently scheduled events type:
The utility is also able to configure hibernation and safe sleep options, and change Energy Saver profiles.
Power management settings.
The pmset utility recognizes the following arguments. Arguments can be passed in serial form in any order. Any bad syntax or unrecognized argument will cause the entire command to fail, resulting in an error message and brief help screen. Power management settings can only be changed by a privileged user.
Settings may be adjusted independently for circumstances where the machine is attached to a charger, when running off a battery (in the case of a laptop), or when running off a UPS (if available). Settings can also be adjusted for all four scenarios simultaneously; this is the default option, for when no usage flag is specified. Power management options can be specified for different profiles by appending -c (charger), -b (battery), -u (UPS) or -a (all) flags. The following example will set the machine to sleep after 10 minutes and sleep the display after five minutes, but only when powered by the battery.
The following command will assign slightly different power management settings for circumstances where the machine is powered by the charger. Here, the machine is set to sleep after 30 minutes and the display is set to never sleep, but only when set by the charger. Issuing both commands will not interfere with each other.
Arguments can be entered in serial form to set or modify several power management parameters with one command. The following command will set the machine to never sleep (sleep 0), enable the Sudden Motion Sensor (sms 1), set the display to sleep after 20 minutes (displaysleep 20), disable processor speed reduction (reduce 0), enable intermediate display dimness (halfdim 1), enable the machine to wake when the lid is opened (lidwake 1), prevent the system from sleeping when a tty session (such as SSH) is active (ttyskeepawake 1), disable waking the machine when the AC adapter is inserted (acwake 0), disable an automatic restart after power is removed and restored (autorestart 0), enable dynamic change of processor speed based on system load (dps 1), enable wake on modem ring (ring 1), enable wake on receipt of "magic" Ethernet packet (womp 1), and disable hard disk sleep (disksleep 0):
Because the above example did not include a usage flag, the settings specified will apply to all usage scenarios. Subsequent commands that do specify a usage flag will only affect settings for that usage scenario. For instance, pmset -b sleep 10 will cause the machine to sleep after 10 minutes, but only when the battery is attached. All other settings will apply when the battery is attached, and all settings in the above example will apply when a charger or UPS is attached.
At least as of Darwin 9.4 and OS X 10.5.4 "Leopard", all changes made through pmset are saved in a persistent preferences file at /Library/Preferences/SystemConfiguration/com.apple.PowerManagement.plist. This file can be modified manually using the defaults command, but those changes will not be taken up immediately by the power management system. Manual edits of com.apple.PowerManagement.plist also stand the risk of being overwritten. The command pmset touch will reread existing settings from disk and apply them to the system.
With autopoweroff enabled the machine will got into hibernate mode even if hibernatemode is 0. The value of autopoweroffdelay may be in seconds despite the man page (for Mavericks, Nov 9, 2012) documenting it as minutes.
Schedule Settings.
The pmset command is able to schedule system sleep, shutdown, wakeup or power on events. The schedule argument is for setting up one-time power events, and repeat is for setting up daily or weekly events. Scheduling of events can only be done by a privileged user.
The schedule argument recognizes the following additional arguments:
The utility can be very unforgiving of improper syntax. Any errors in syntax will cause the command to fail and will display a brief help message. The syntax for a scheduled event is as follows:
Only one type of event (sleep, wake, et cetera) can be specified, and the date chosen must be in the future. The utility expects to be able to store this information in the PMU, and so may not work reliably on non-Apple hardware. The date and time string must be enclosed in quotation marks.
The syntax for a repeating event is as follows:
Scheduled wake, sleep and power events are stored in a persistent preferences file in /Library/Preferences/SystemConfiguration/com.apple.AutoWake.plist. This file can be manually edited using the defaults command, but any changes so made stand a serious risk of being overwritten. Also, such edits will not be immediately taken up by the system.
List Options.
The list flag, -g, displays information about the current power configuration. The flag alone, with no additional arguments, will display current power management settings. Additional arguments will display more specific information. The get functions of pmset do not require privileged access. The utility recognizes the following arguments:
Only one get argument can be passed to pmset, and it must be preceded by the get flag. For instance, to display scheduled events, type pmset -g sched. The utility will not return an error is more than one get argument is provided, but all other than the first will be ignored.
The sleep and displaysleep can show an imposed value of 0 (disabled) together with a list of process IDs that impose this value. These are processes such as backup programs which need the machine to stay awake, for example until the backup is finished.
Sample usage.
The following examples demonstrate the output of the pmset command on an Apple PowerBook G4 running OS X 10.5.4 "Leopard".
The following example will put the relevant computer to sleep immediately:
The following example will apply only to laptops when powered by the battery. It will set the machine to sleep after 5 minutes of inactivity, put the display to sleep after 2 minutes, and spin down the hard disk after 3 minutes. Only privileged users can issue this command. If the command is issued successfully and is without syntax errors, pmset will exit silently with an exit code of 0. To verify that the system took the new configuration, issue the command pmset -g.
The following example will apply only to machines being powered by a UPS. It will set the machine to perform an emergency shutdown when 5 percent battery remains on the UPS, or 5 minutes estimated draw time remains, whichever comes first. Only privileged users can issue this command. If the command is issued successfully and is without syntax errors, pmset will exit silently with an exit code of 0. To verify that the system took the new configuration, issue the command pmset -g.
The following example will apply for all usage scenarios. It will set the machine to wake on receipt of a "magic" Ethernet packet, wake if the modem detects a ring, and prevent the system from sleeping if a tty session is active. Only privileged users can issue this command. If the command is issued successfully and is without syntax errors, pmset will exit silently with an exit code of 0. To verify that the system took the new configuration, issue the command pmset -g.
The following example sets a one-time scheduled power event. The machine will be set to shut down 01/10/2009 at 10:00 PM (10th of January 2009 – Note the US centric MM/DD/YYY time syntax). Only privileged users can issue this command. If the command is issued successfully and is without syntax errors, pmset will exit silently with an exit code of 0. To verify that the system took the new configuration, issue the command pmset -g sched.
The following example sets a repeating power event. The machine will wake or power on every weekday at 8:00 AM. Only privileged users can issue this command. If the command is issued successfully and is without syntax errors, pmset will exit silently with an exit code of 0. To verify that the system took the new configuration, issue the command pmset -g sched.
Here, example output from pmset -g. At the time, the machine was being powered by the charger, while simultaneously charging the battery. The command prints the current configuration.
Here, example output from pmset -g sched. In this example, the machine has already been configured for a repeating event to start or wake up every weekday at 8:00 AM. The command prints the repeating event; note that the next such occurrence appears as a scheduled power event.
Here, example output from pmset -g. At the time, the machine was being backed up. The output shows the PID for the backup program.

</doc>
<doc id="18720131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720131" title="Citroën C3 Picasso">
Citroën C3 Picasso

The Citroën C3 Picasso is a mini multi-purpose vehicle (MPV) produced by the French motor company Citroën since 2008. It was first unveiled at the 2008 Paris Motor Show as a concept car named "Drooneel", and was designed by Donato Coco and Jean-Pierre Ploué. The Picasso is the MPV version of the Citroën C3 and the successor of the Citroën Xsara Picasso, and was designed to compete with the Opel Meriva, Nissan Note, Renault Modus and Ford Fusion.
The vehicle was adapted for an "urban-off-road" appearance for the Latin America market, where it has been sold as the Citroën C3 Aircross since 2010.
The first C3 Picasso was assembled in December 2007 at the PSA Trnava Plant in west Slovakia, which Citroën announced from France in July 2008 would be the sole manufacturer of the model. Citroën presented the finished product to the Slovak press and public on 25 September before it was unveiled to the world in October at the 2008 Paris Motor Show. The Trnava Plant by then was expected to be building 28 cars per hour as the C3 Picasso went on sale in France in February 2009 for . The company began to sell the car in other European markets in March 2009.
When launched in Spain in 2009, only three trims were available: LX, SX, or Exclusive. The LX was the most basic and least expensive model, with a VTi engine, priced at , while the Exclusive model was most expensive with a HDi "Airdream" engine at . The C3 Picasso was launched in the United Kingdom on 9 April 2009, where it went on sale for for the 1.4-litre VTi, the most basic model with , while the most expensive was the 'Exclusive' with a 1.6-litre HDi engine and at . A redesigned version of the car was shown at the 2012 Paris Motor Show on 27 September 2012 and was on sale in Europe by November.
Design and features.
All C3 Picasso models have an anti-lock braking system (ABS), Electronic brakeforce distribution (EBD), child locks, remote central locking and two front airbags. The vehicle is only available as a 5-seater, but with all models the three rear seats can be folded flat to increase the boot capacity from or including the hidden compartment to store the parcel shelf, up to a maximum of . The Exclusive model features a folding front passenger seat to increase the storage space further. All models in the range have a "Mistral Maxi Taylor" woven cloth interior; according to Citroën, top European engineers and designers including Donato Coco and Jean-Pierre Ploué were involved in designing the vehicle.
Optional accessories are available for the range, including an aluminium roof rack capable of carrying and kerbside lights in the door mirrors. Also available are: and alloy wheels with a choice of two patterns, chrome mouldings for the bumpers and doors, front fog lamps and cruise control, rear parking sensors, automatic lights (standard on some variants), Electronic Stability Control (ESC) and a speed limitation devicewhich are commonly used for safety reasons or to reduce fuel bills.
A seatbelt reminder, which can be added to the passenger and rear seats, is fitted to the driver's seat as standard.
The chassis platform used for the C3 Picasso is a modified version of that in the Citroën C3 and the Peugeot 207, giving it a comparable wheelbase. The reuse of automobile platforms is commonplace, especially for Citroën because the Trnava plant builds the Peugeot 207 and the C3 Picasso. The parent company PSA Peugeot Citroën pools resources and manufacturing for some vehicles, and sometimes rebadges vehicles, combining design teams between two or more brands to create a shared product. The advantage is the designing and testing vehicles at a reduced cost for the participating brands, but creates multiple, identical-looking vehicles for the market, sometimes with minor styling differences. Examples include: the Fiat Scudo, Peugeot Expert and Citroën Dispatch, the Toyota Aygo, Peugeot 107 and Citroën C1, and the Peugeot Partner and Citroën Berlingo. Citroën placed a contractual obligation on the manufacturers to use green materials for the C3 Picasso range. These comprise ≥11% of the of polymers on the vehicle, including the mudguards, parcel shelf and boot carpet. Citroën recommends the vehicle is serviced at least every two years, or at every for petrol models and for the HDi diesel models.
Engines.
When equipped with the 1.6-litre VTi engine, the C3 Picasso Exclusive and VTR+ models are capable of a top speed of in 10.6 seconds and . This 1.6 litre and a smaller 1.4 litre VTi petrol engine, were developed by PSA Peugeot Citroën and BMW, along with a 1.6 L diesel engine and the two 1.6 L HDi "Airdream" engines. Every model came with a 5-speed manual gearbox until 2011, when 6-speed manual and automatic (EGS6) manual versions were introduced, along with an eco-friendly start-stop system and regenerative braking technology in certain models, notably the Exclusive and Tendance models for the German market. According to Citroën, these two new features reduce emissions significantly and their introduction coincided with the release of a higher specification "Airdream" engine, the European emission standards (Euro 5) carbon dioxide emissions limits were lowered and the addition of low-rolling resistance tyres were added to the entire range. The tyres are specially designed to minimize wasted energy when the tyre rolls and have been estimated by the California Energy Commission to save 1.5–4.5% of fuel in a typical car.
At first Citroën decided not to offer their new automatic EGS6 gearbox version in the UK due to the unfavourable exchange rate and costs, although this changed after a small number were privately imported for insurance classification purposes. The EGS6 gearbox became an option for the 1.6 L VTi engine models shortly after. The complete vehicle lineup includes multiple models and engine configurations, all with different specifications and tuning:
Safety.
The European New Car Assessment Programme (Euro NCAP) tested a C3 Picasso Confort model with standard equipment, including: a single forward airbag for each front seat, a speed limitation device, but no ESC. The vehicle was scored on the basis of: child and adult injury, including whiplash risk from the seating, a pedestrian front impact rating, safety equipment and clear labels detailing how to disable some features. The results of the front end tests were mixed, with the bumper scoring all available points, but the vehicle was penalised for the lack of protection and the potential damage caused if a pedestrian is struck by the bonnet. Protection inside the car was scored highly for almost every seat, and for adult and child protection; it lost points for its use of forward-facing restraints, which can be fatal in an accident if an infant is hit by an airbag. The C3 Picasso was also penalised for offering very poor whiplash protection in the driver's seatscoring nothing in two of the three tests and then losing points for the position of the unadjusted restraint. Overall, the vehicle scored four of five stars, less than most vehicles the Euro NCAP compares it with, which were released around the same time.
Recalls and "Watchdog" investigation.
On 20 June 2010, 611 C3 Picassos built between January and March 2010 were recalled due to incorrectly routed fuel pipes, which were believed to have been in contact with the heat shield. This fault may have caused chafing and may lead to a fuel leak. The models were built between January and March 2010 and were sold in the UK. On 24 August 2010, all 13,234 Picassos sold in the UK were recalled because the windscreen trim could deteriorate, and could eventually detach, leading to a loose-fitting windscreen.
In May 2011, all 24,091 C3 Picassos in the UK were recalled for a safety modification, following complaints and an investigation by BBC consumer affairs programme "Watchdog" into brakes that could be activated on the passenger side of the right-hand drive vehicles.
The problem occurred because of the way the vehicles were modified for right-hand-drive. The investigation showed that although the brake pedal had been moved to the right, it was still connected to a mechanism on the passenger side. This was covered by felt carpet and meant that both the front passenger and driver could activate the brakes. A further investigation by "Watchdog" later found the same problem in other Citroën models and some vehicles produced by Renault and Peugeot, some of which were registered in 2002. All three manufacturers worked with the Vehicle and Operator Services Agency (VOSA) to identify the severity of the problem but no vehicles were found to be affected enough to issue recalls.
8,815 Picassos built between January and May 2011 for the UK market were recalled on 2 September 2011 when it was discovered that the battery cable was too short and could cause gearbox failures and in turn stall the engine. The faulty earth return cable was replaced. Despite the recalls, the vehicle continued to sell well in the UK and has won numerous awards.
Reviews.
Critics praised the Citroen C3 Picasso in reviews for its ergonomics, Bauhaus-inspired styling, ease of use and the amount of space offered, many reviewers criticised the interior, which they said felt "cheap". The quality and reliability of the petrol engines was criticised by most reviewers as "sluggish" and struggling to carry the weight of the vehicle, although the diesel engines feedback was more positive as they are able to cope much better and run smoother. Reviewers' comments about the tight turning radius of the vehicle were favourable. The combination of the panoramic three-part windscreen, thin door pillars and high seats, which together increase the visibility of the roadled one reviewer to compare it with a greenhouse.
The car has three monitors on the dashboard, the first monitors the status of important components, while the second controls the sound system, and the last is a rev counter, digital speedometer and the fuel gauge. "CNET" described the speed gauge monitor as clear and "close to the driver's natural line of sight", but criticized the other two monitors for being unreadable and possibly dangerous if used by the driver while the car is moving. Some reviewers complained about the vehicle's soundproofing, which could not adequately conceal the screech of the wind. The engine at high speed received mixed reviews, while a number of reviewers reported a fault with the screenwash bottle, which can freeze in cold weather and blow a fuse when used. The reviewer for European Car of the Year 2010 called the nominated C3 Picasso fuel efficient, but said it had "dull steering".
Awards.
UK publication "Top Gear Magazine" awarded the C3 Picasso "Family Car of the Year" in 2008, stating "This is what a 21st century family car should look like". Michael Harvey, the Editorial Director of the magazine admitted they had taken a chance as the model was not available in the United Kingdom until the following year.
In 2009 when the car was finally launched the awards increased, first with "Best MPV" at "What Diesel"'s Car of the Year Awards, "Scottish MPV of the Year" at the Scottish Car of the Year Awards, "Best Supermini MPV of the year" at "Auto Express New Car Awards" and finally "Design of the Year" at the Fleet World Honours.
The vehicle was nominated for European Car of the Year in 2010, but received the lowest overall score of any candidate, finishing last, in seventh place.
The "JD Power" survey in 2011 announced the C3 Picasso as the best MPV on the market, with a satisfaction rating of 83.1% and five stars overall, but with the lowest rating given to the exterior quality at three stars. Many reviewers had complained of poor fitting and the finish used on the exterior.
Advertising.
"DOG"; was created by H Suresnes advertising agency in France and released in June 2010. The advertisement shows a dog made up of various items, including a purse, swimming goggles, blow-dryer and shoes, wandering around the streets to the song "Somebody Come And Play" by Joseph G Raposo. In the last scene the dog is invited into the boot of a C3 Picasso by a family leaving for a holiday; the dog fits into the car with enough space to seat everyone comfortably. The advertisement was shown in the French market using the English-language song "Somebody Come and Play" by Joe Raposo.
Another advertisement for the vehicle range was "Ghostbusters Reloaded", which was produced by Euro RSCG Paris. It shows three futuristic Ghostbusters in a C3 Picasso battling a monster in the style of the "Ghostbuters" character Stay Puft Marshmallow Man. The monster is the size of a tall building and is made up of items including bicycles, suitcases and tyres. As the monster is defeated, it disassembles and the items fit into the boot of the Picasso. The music used is a remix of the Ray Parker Ghostbusters theme tune performed by the Street Life DJs. The advertisement's strapline is; "The New Citroën C3 Picasso: The Spacebox".
C3 Aircross variant.
In September 2010, Citroën do Brasil launched the Citroën C3 Aircross in Brazil and Argentina. The vehicle is a C3 Picasso-based Sport utility vehicle with styling differences including: raised suspension, chrome roof bars and mirror covers, side skirts, and a rear spare tyre.
2012 facelift.
The facelift of the Citroën C3 Picasso appeared first at the 2012 Paris Motor Show on 27 September. The new "eMyWay" SatNav system, located on the central console, is more functional than the previous model, allowing connection to a reversing camera (available as an extra), which displays on the console screen. LED daytime running lamps and fog lamps with built-in cornering lamps, which illuminate the roadside, are also non-standard features on the facelifted C3 Picasso. In addition, Citroën has added two new exterior paint colour options; "Pearlescent white" and "Ink blue" to the vehicle. The front grille now features Citroën's new branding, joining the two chrome chevron badge in the form of a crown.
The Spanish market launch took place in November 2012 with four trim choices, the least expensive being the Attraction with a VTi engine at and the most expensive being the Exclusive with a HDi engine at . The UK launch was in December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18720148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720148" title="1998–99 Sheffield Wednesday F.C. season">
1998–99 Sheffield Wednesday F.C. season

The 1998–99 season was Sheffield Wednesday F.C.'s 132nd season in existence. They competed in the twenty-team Premiership, the top tier of English football, finishing twelfth. It was the club's 100th season at their Hillsborough ground.
Season summary.
Danny Wilson's return to Hillsborough as manager saw them begin the season among the favourites for relegation of many pundits. But they performed reasonably well throughout the season, being one of just three sides to beat treble winners Manchester United in addition to being one of just four sides to beat second-placed Arsenal, who would finish just one point behind Manchester United. Up to February 27, 1999 - their 3-1 home win over Middlesbrough - they were boasting somewhat inconsistent yet very stable, promising mid-table form: 10th in the table, winning ten, drawing five and losing 11 of their first 26 games with an impressive goal-difference of +9 and were looking like good bets for a UEFA Cup slot. However, they couldn't quite keep up the momentum and would lose their next five games which ultimately ended such hopes. However, winning three of their final seven matches ensured that they would finish 12th at the end of a campaign during which they had never faced any serious threat of relegation; a significant improvement to the previous season. The only major concern at the club was a growing mountain of debts which would have been even more of a worry had the Owls suffered relegation.
Final league table.
P = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points
Results.
"Sheffield Wednesday's score comes first"

</doc>
<doc id="18720180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720180" title="The Gospel According to the Son">
The Gospel According to the Son

The Gospel According to the Son is a 1997 novel by Norman Mailer. It purports to be the story of Jesus Christ, told autobiographically.
Plot summary.
The novel employs first person story-telling from the perspective of Jesus. It stays nearly entirely true to the text of the four canonical gospels. Jesus tells his own story, from his birth to a teen-aged virgin named Mary to his execution by crucifixion at the hands of the Romans. Just as in the gospels, he is resurrected from the dead, and ascends to heaven.
Critical reception.
Critical response to Mailer's novel was mixed. Jack Miles, writing for "Commonweal", found the book "a quiet, sweet, almost wan little book, a kindly offering from a New York Jew to his wife's Bible Belt family." He noted that there was "something undeniably impressive about the restraint" of the style that Mailer undertook in composing the novel. He concluded that the novel was neither one of Mailer's best works, nor would it stand out amongst the bibliography of books inspired by the life of Christ, but that it had received unfairly harsh reviews from other critics.
Critics such as Reynolds Price, writing for the "New York Times", pointed to a "lack of inventiveness", based upon the fact that Mailer took so few liberties with the biblical text.
David Gelernter, writing for the "National Review", cited the "sheer arrogance" of the very premise of Mailer's book. Yet he went on to agree with Miles that much of the criticism of the book had been "unfair." Gelernter called the book "strikingly orthodox" in its basic view of the character of Christ.
Mailer had largely anticipated some of the savage reviews he would receive for the book. He noted in an interview with Bruce Weber of the "New York Times", "The book will get a fair share of bad reviews, but that I take for granted. I call a fair share between 65 percent and 75 percent bad reviews."
Sales history.
On May 11, 1997, "The Gospel According to the Son" entered the "New York Times Best Seller List" at #13. It peaked at #7 on May 25 of that year, and spent six weeks in the top 16.

</doc>
<doc id="18720183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720183" title="Leslie Hofton">
Leslie Hofton

Leslie Hofton (3 March 1888 – January 1971) was an English association footballer who played as a full-back for Manchester United in two spells in the 1910s. Born in Sheffield, Hofton began his career at Kiveton Park, before moving to Glossop via Worksop Town and Denaby United in April 1908.
In July 1910, Hofton became Manchester United's first £1,000 signing, beating the previous club record of £700, which was spent on Alex Bell in 1903. However, despite his record price tag, it took Hofton seven months to make his United debut, appearing for the first time away to Newcastle United on 18 February 1911. He then left the club on a free transfer in May 1913. The First World War broke out just over a year later, but one year after its conclusion, in September 1919, Hofton re-signed for Manchester United. He continued to play for the club for two-and-a-half more years, amassing a total of 18 appearances for the club, before being sold to Denaby Main in February 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="18720186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720186" title="B-Boy Records">
B-Boy Records

B-Boy Records was an important independent hip hop record label formed by William Kamarra (CEO) in 1986, and situated at 132nd Street and Cypress Avenue in the Bronx, New York City. Its most notable signing was Boogie Down Productions, and it released Boogie Down Productions' first singles, "South Bronx" (1986) and "The Bridge is Over" (1987), and the group's landmark debut album, "Criminal Minded" (1987). Other acts that recorded for the label included JVC Force, Cold Crush Brothers, Levi 167 and Jewel T. 
The label's output is a mix of new names and old pioneers, and documents a period in which self-assertive lyrics begin to detail street life even as the music moves from hardcore drum-machine-based tracks to the horns and drum sounds of sampler-based hip hop. B-Boy Records folded in 1988, though Nate Patrin of Pitchfork Media reports that Manager Jack Allen for J&B Management and Kamarra have set about reviving the B-Boy Records name independently of each other, and there seems to have been a number of bridges burned between the two men."
Foundation.
B-Boy Records was founded by William Kamarra in 1986, with one act on their roster. Kamarra, and Ray Wilson, calling themselves Rock Candy Records and Filmworks, advertised that a record label was seeking new musical talent in a newspaper. (Steve Huey of Allmusic reports rumors that it were seeking to establish a front for a pornography business.) The ad was answered by the then-unrecorded Boogie Down Productions, now the most famous of the acts that were to be associated with the label. On request, the group recorded an anti-drug song, "Crack Attack", and was signed to the newly formed B-Boy Records. The label's graffiti-style logo was by the group's lead emcee, KRS-One.
Notable releases.
The first official B-Boy release was Boogie Down Productions' "South Bronx" (1986). A forcefully delivered oral history of hip hop written in response to MC Shan's "The Bridge." It generated considerable New York interest and became part of hip hop history (see the Bridge Wars). Technically homeless, KRS-One was living in a meat freezer below the B-Boy Records offices during this period. "South Bronx" was characteristic of much of B-Boy's releases: noisy, minimalist hip hop driven by the drum machine rather than the sampler. The Brothers' "I Got Rhythm", Wax Master Torey's "Duck Season", Jewel T's "I Like It Loud" and Levi 167's "Something Fresh to Swing To" (all 1987) are further examples. By contrast, the same year's "Just Saying Fresh Rhymes" by Castle D relies on a relatively quiet percussive accompaniment based around the hi-hat, and a disorienting synth melody reminiscent today of G-funk. Other notable, but more sampler-influenced, 1987 releases include The Busy Boys' "Classical," "Feel The Horns" by old school pioneers Cold Crush Brothers, and Sparky D's "Throwdown."
After its first album, the landmark "Criminal Minded" (1987), Boogie Down Productions was supposed to sign with Warner Bros. Records and the label folded soon afterward. According to writer Peter Shapiro, B-Boy's best release besides those by Boogie Down was Levi 167's aforementioned 1987 single. They did however have late success with "Strong Island" (1988) by JVC Force, which Shapiro calls "one of the most kinetic records in hip-hop history". After the murder of Scott La Rock, however, BDP ultimately signed with Jive Records.
B-Boy Records’ discography is now controlled by Traffic Entertainment Group.
Retrospectives.
A 2002 retrospective of the label, "The Best of B-Boy Records", is available on Landspeed Records (not to be confused with Boogie Down Productions' 2001 compilation, "Best of B-Boy Records", on the same label). In 2007 the two-disc "B-Boy Records: The Archives Rare & Unreleased" was released through Traffic Entertainment Group, the successor of LandSpeed. In 2008, again through Traffic, came a four-disc MP3 collection of the label's complete official output, "B-Boy Records: The Masterworks", featuring short-lived B-Boy Records acts such as Soul Dimension, Incredible Two, Crazy 8 Posse and Wacky Rapper, as well as a late release from Spyder-D (of "Big Apple Rappin'" fame), and a collection from 1987 of B-Boy's female MCs (Sparky D, Five Star Moet, Baby Doll, and L.A. Star) entitled "B Girls Live and Kicking'. Not on the release was the group Bdp was to produce "Gotta-Rock" (G-Supreme & K-Rakeem) but Scott La Rock was killed before any work was done. 
Nate Patrin, writing for Pitchfork, observes that in B-Boy's recordings "you can divine the beginnings of independent, street-level hardcore rap lyricism during the key transitional point that shifted the dominant production style from the 808 drum machine to the SP1200 sampler". He describes the label's roster as "a dizzying array of past icons, future legends, coulda-beens, never-weres and more than a few acts you probably haven't heard of that caught lightning in a bottle for one 12" record".

</doc>
<doc id="18720207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720207" title="Pumpkin (musician)">
Pumpkin (musician)

Errol Eduardo Bedward, better known by his stage name Pumpkin was a musician, percussionist and band leader. He was renowned for being the one behind many old school hip hop tracks for the Profile, Enjoy, and Tuff City record companies.
He worked with several important early hip hop acts from 1979 to 1984, such as Spoonie Gee, Treacherous Three, Funky Four, Grandmaster Caz, Fearless Four, and Dr. Jeckyll & Mr. Hyde, as well as a host of more obscure names. His 1983 single "King of the Beat" was followed by one of his last productions, Pumpkin and the Profile All-Stars' "Here Comes the Beat" (Profile, 1984).
A collection of his work for Tuff City was released under his stage name in 1995 as "The Tuff City Sessions" on the retrospective label Old School Flava.

</doc>
<doc id="18720211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720211" title="Boris Khreschatitsky">
Boris Khreschatitsky

Boris Rostislavovich Khreschatitsky (1881–1940) was a general of the Russian Empire. He commanded the Ukrainian troops in the Far East (1918–1924).
In January 1918 he arrived in Chita, and later traveled to Kharbin, where he came under the command of General Khorvat. From March 8 to November 14 1918 he held the position of Chief of Staff of the Russian troops guarding the right-of-way of the Chinese Eastern Railway. In this position, at the beginning of summer 1918, Khreschatitsky began forming the Ukrainian army of the Green Ukraine ("Zeleny Klyn"). However, when forming the second Ukrainian division, he received an order from Admiral Alexander Kolchak in September 1918 — to send Ukrainian units to an anti-bolshevist front. From November 1918 until August 1919 Khreschatitsky served Kolchak's army, participating in fighting against Soviet Russia and rising to the rank of lieutenant-general. By autumn 1919 he had become inspector of the Far-Eastern formations of strategic reserve and general on the special commissions at commander by the troops of the Priamur's territorial department.
In 1920 Khreschatitsky came under the command of ataman Grigory Semyonov. From April 27, 1920 and to July 7, 1921 he held the position of Chief of Staff of the Cossack troops of the Far East. At the beginning of 1920 (according to other sources - by the summer of 1918) the Ukrainian regional government appointed Khreschatitsky as commander of the Far-Eastern Ukrainian army. He supported the ideas of ataman G.M. Semyonov on the creation of a single state of Kazaks and Ukrainians in the Far East from Lake Baikal to the Pacific Ocean. From June 26, 1920 there was a manager by the department of foreign affairs of the Zabaykal's government of Semenov and he negotiated with the Japanese about a joint fight against Red Army. From August, 1921 Khreschatitsky participated in the work of the Supreme Military Soviet of Zabaykal. After the defeat of the troops (the Far Eastern Army) of General Semenov and the disbanding in 1920 of the Ukrainian regiments of General L. V. Verigo in Vladivostok, Khreschatitsky emigrated to Kharbin in Manchuria.

</doc>
<doc id="18720217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720217" title="Georges Troisfontaines">
Georges Troisfontaines

Georges Troisfontaines (; died February 1, 2007) was the founder of the World Press agency, and one of the co-authors of the series "Buck Danny".
After his first work for the Franco-Belgian comics magazine "Spirou" before WWII, in which he published strips in relation to aviation, he created in the 1940s the World Press agency. This Belgian agency provided "Spirou" magazine with comics Spirou, and employed at that time several authors of comics series including Jean Graton, Eddy Paape, Jijé, Victor Hubinon and Jean-Michel Charlier. Troisfontaines suggested that the latter two artists get associated. Together, Hubinon and Charlier published "L’agonie du Bismarck" in 1946 and "Les Japs attaquent" in 1947 in "Spirou". The eponymous hero of "Buck Danny", is at first ingeneer in the air force. Georges Troisfontaines was the scriptwriter of the first thirteen strips, then Charlier took over. In 1996 a trial between Georges Troisfontaines against Charlier's duties took place, which allows him to be recognized as a co-author of the series.
Georges Troisfontaines also made possible the collaboration between René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo in 1950, when Goscinny became the leader of the World Press' subsidiary in Paris. He met Uderzo, with whom he created the series "Jehan Pistolet", "Oumpah-pah" and "Astérix".
In 1956 a grave argument occurred at the World press. Some comics authors of the agency decided to join together to draft and sign a draft a chart to defend their job. In particular, the authors wanted to have duties for their fictional characters: indeed, at that time publishers could freely grant the making of a series to any other authors. In the face of this rebellion, Georges Troisfantaines decided to fire René Goscinny, seen as the leader of the movement. Jean-Michel Charlier and Uderzo decided to deliberately leave the agency and then with Goscinny founded "Pilote" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="18720227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720227" title="First Priority Music">
First Priority Music

First Priority Music (FPM) was an American hip hop record label of the late 1980s and early 1990s, which has diversified and found success in recent years with releases in contemporary R&B and country music genres, among others. A small independent, it formed successful distribution relationships, first with Atlantic Records, and later on with Jive/Zomba. Its most well-known artists from both eras are hip hop acts Audio Two and MC Lyte, and singers Eamon and Jason Downs.
First Priority was founded by Nat Robinson in 1987, to release music by his son Kirk and his daughter Lana, better known as Milk Dee of Audio Two, and MC Lyte, respectively. FPM's first release was Audio Two's "Make It Funky"/"Top Billin'", which was successful enough to secure the label a distribution deal with Atlantic Records. The subsequent re-release of "Top Billin'" was a hip hop hit of lasting impact—"one of the genre's apexes", according to writer Peter Shapiro.
MC Lyte's debut album "Lyte as a Rock" (1988) was another success, and is today widely regarded as a hip hop classic. It was followed by her well-received records, "Eyes on This" (1989) and "Act Like You Know" (1991). "Ruffneck", from 1993's "Ain't No Other", was the first gold single by a solo female rap artist. Other members of the hip hop roster of the period include Positive K, Michie Mee, Alliance, Kings of Swing, and Barsha. A compilation featuring FPM artists, "", was released by the label in 1988. A short-lived sub-label called Bum Rush was distributed by then-sister-label Virgin Records from 1989 to 1991.
Recent years saw releases by Jason Downs and the hugely successful 2004 single by Eamon called "Fuck It (I Don't Want You Back)," which were released through Jive/Zomba.
As of 2010, Jonathan Rivera was made president of FPM, overseeing operations and assisting owner Nat Robinson.

</doc>
<doc id="18720228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720228" title="Perihepatitis">
Perihepatitis

Perihepatitis is inflammation of the serous or peritoneal coating of the liver.
Perihepatitis is often caused by one of the inflammatory disorders of the female upper genital tract, known collectively as Pelvic inflammatory disease.
Some patients have sharp right upper abdominal quadrant pain. One of the complications of perihepatitis is Fitz-Hugh-Curtis syndrome.
Common bacteria for this disease are "Chlamydia trachomatis" and "Neisseria gonorrhoeae".

</doc>
<doc id="18720236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720236" title="Newport Pop Festival">
Newport Pop Festival

The Newport Pop Festival, held in Costa Mesa, California, August 3–4, 1968, was the first music concert ever to have more than 100,000 paid attendees.
There were two separate events staged in the late 1960s that are commonly referred to as the "Newport Pop Festival." The first was called the Newport Pop Festival, held at the Orange County Fairgrounds in Costa Mesa, California, the weekend of August 3–4, 1968. The second event was originally billed as "Newport 69," and was held over the three-day weekend of June 20–22, 1969 in Northridge, California at Devonshire Downs. In published writings over the last 40 years, this latter event has been referred to as the "Newport 69 Pop Festival," the "Newport Pop Festival 1969" and simply the "Newport Pop Festival." Subsequently, much confusion has been created over the years between the 1968 and 1969 events. Some of this confusion was generated by the participating musicians themselves who, later, in their interviews, kept getting the two events mixed up.
The latter event was organized by Mark Robinson (age 25) who was one of the three promoters of the original Newport Pop Festival in 1968. The other two promoters of the '68 event were Gary R. Schmidt (age 26) and his father Al Schmidt. Al was not a rock n roller but an entrepreneural businessman who helped with the money and licensing. There was a brief lawsuit between the two Schmidts and Robinson just prior to the "Newport 69" show which the Schmidts had declined to be involved in because of the cost of the acts, The entire band budget for the '68 show was under $50,000, while Robinson paid Jimi Hendrix alone $50,000 for the '69 event. This was an amount of money unheard of at that time for a rock act. The '68 show made money and the '69 show did not. The lawsuit was over trade names and the last few days before the '69 show the court ordered that Robinson had to use disclaimers in advertising "not affiliated with the Newport Pop Festival" or he would not have been able to do a "Newport 70". show using that name. A round "handbill" flyer the size of a 45RPM record was used to promote the 1968 Costa Mesa show which is included in "The Art of Rock" a publication of 1960s and 1970s poster art. The round flyer has sold on eBay for as much as $500.
The Newport Pop Festival 1968.
The first Newport Pop Festival was held at the Orange County Fairgrounds in Costa Mesa, California, on the weekend of August 3–4, 1968. It is believed to have been the first pop music concert attended by more than 100,000 paying concertgoers.
The 1968 event was originally scheduled to be held inside the Orange County Fairgrounds in an outdoor pavilion. The fairgrounds are on Newport Boulevard just a short distance from Newport Beach, thus the name. The 1968 event advance ticket sales were triple what was expected and it became evident that there was no place inside the fairgrounds that a stage could be set up where even over 25,000 people could see the show let alone the near 100,000 now expected. In the last three days before the show it was moved to one of the adjoining parking lots of the fairgrounds. Fencing, staging, sanitation, and food concessions had to be organized in just a three-day period. None of the commercial concessionaires were prepared for the event and they all ran out of food and drink half the way through the first day. Water was provided throughout the event by garden hoses from inside the fairgrounds but attendees had to give up their viewing spot to go for the water and provide their own containers. There were plenty of porta-pottys available at the rear of the hastily-assembled "grounds". There was no shade in the primary viewing area and partiers were sunburned. The weather was a typical August sunny Southern California day. Those without hotel reservations had no place to stay. Fortunately, City officials helped to alleviate some of the problems by designating a area of the fairgrounds as an emergency camp site. They also brought in portable toilets and water tanks. This particular event inaugurated some of the problems rock festival promoters would face in the future.
Harvey "Humble Harve" Miller, one of Los Angeles Top-40 disc jockeys (on 93 KHJ-AM) was used by the promoters to promote the show and hosted the event with Wavy-Gravy. Wesco productions (West Coast productions) consisted of Mark Robinson, Gary Schmidt and Al Schmidt although Humble Harv was used on advertising for promotional purposes. Tom Neito of Scenic Sounds Productions also assisted in securing the fairgrounds and was paid a fee and received some promotional billing. Mark Robinson had been involved with Bob Blodget in staging a much smaller similar weekend festival in 1967 in Los Angeles. There never was a 2nd edition of this event and its prominence faded from memory until, on August 4, 2008, Jeff Overley penned a feature article for the Orange County Register that commemorated the 40th anniversary of the event.
The big hits with the crowd were Tiny Tim, Jefferson Airplane, Country Joe McDonald, The Chambers Brothers, and Steppenwolf.
Mark Robinson went on to promote a similar show in 1969 with Jimi Hendrix called "Newport 69" and later became an attorney and practised law with Melvin Belli. Al and Gary teamed up with Bill Quarry, Alfie Zaner and Rich Romello and produced the San Francisco International Pop Festival in Pleasonton at the Alemeda County Fairgrounds on October 25 and 26 of 1968. That show drew over 40,000 in attendance and featured Creedence Clearwater Revival, the Chambers Brothers, José Feliciano, Deep Purple, Procol Harum, Johnny Rivers, Iron Butterfly, Eric Burdon and the Animals, Canned Heat, The Grass Roots, Rejoice, and Fraternity of Man. After the show Al Schmidt continued in non rock 'n' roll business until he died aged 83 in the late 1990s, and Gary Schmidt entered the nightclub business and continued to promote smaller events throughout Northern California including two more festivals with attendance in the 25–30,000 range, The Labor Day Weekend Music and Arts Festival in Carson City, Nevada in 1972 and Super Sun Bust Summer of 1973 at the Eugene Speedway (Oregon). For some of these productions Schmidt teamed up with Bill Quarry a well known early East Bay promoter Bill Quarry (see "Teens N Twenties" and "The East Bay Scene, Garage Bands from the '60s, Then and Now"). Schmidt also operated a well known rock venue nightclub, the Odyssey Room, in Sunnyvale, California from 1969 to 1989 (see Odyssey Room Revisited) and a venue just outside of Reno, Nevada on Mt. Rose called the Reindeer Lodge which as of 2010 still has occasional shows. Mark Robison, at the time a Stanford student, promoted a few more concerts and went on to finish Law School and is now a Nationally renown and accredited attorney practicing law throughout the United States with a home office located where else but in Orange County.
The 1968 event, however, attracted a lot of media attention at the time. When "Rolling Stone Magazine" published an article on the event in their September 14, 1968 edition, they said:
Newport Pop Festival Drags on in Dust and Heat: Dead, Country Joe, Crosby, pie fight weekend's highlights
Among other highlights that concert-goers recall are when helicopters flew overhead, dropping flowers on the audience. And, on Sunday, Sonny and Cher arrived by helicopter and were later booed off the stage.
Bands Performing at the Festival:
Saturday, August 3, 1968
Alice Cooper, Canned Heat, Chambers Brothers, Charles Lloyd Quartet, Country Joe and the Fish, Electric Flag, James Cotton Blues Band, Paul Butterfield Blues Band, Sonny & Cher, Steppenwolf, Tiny Tim.
During the Charles Lloyd Quartet set, a local group called Super Chief began playing a Lee Michaels song, Hello, on an alternate stage at the rear of the crowd. Most of the attendees turned around and watched them as the Lloyd music was not in the style they had come to listen to.
Sunday, August 4, 1968
Blue Cheer, Eric Burdon & the Animals, Grateful Dead, Illinois Speed Press, Iron Butterfly, Jefferson Airplane, Quicksilver Messenger Service, The Byrds, Things to Come.
Bands that may have performed at the festival
Lovin' Spoonful, Rhinoceros, Sky Pilot and The Turtles were not listed on the official poster for the event, there is published evidence that indicates that these bands may have played at the festival.
It is believed that the 1969 festival was intended to be the successor to the Orange County event, hoping to capitalize on the brand name and market momentum generated in 1968. Unfortunately, this move of venue was necessary because the 1968 event had fallen in disfavor with the local community leaders. Three days after the 1968 event, the Costa Mesa City Council vowed to prevent a Newport Pop Festival encore. "To say that we would not like it back here would be the understatement of the year," Costa Mesa Mayor Alvin Pinkley was quoted as saying.
The "Newport 69" Festival.
Attended by an estimated 200,000 fans, the festival on June 20–22, 1969 was the largest pop concert up to that time and is considered the more famous of the two Newport Pop Festivals, possibly because of the appearance of the Jimi Hendrix Experience, which got top billing at the venue.
The venue, Devonshire Downs, formerly a racetrack and multi-purpose event and entertainment facility, is now part of the North Campus of California State University at Northridge.
Friday, June 20, 1969
Ike and Tina Turner, Albert King, Edwin Hawkins Singers, The Jimi Hendrix Experience, Joe Cocker, Southwind, Spirit and Taj Mahal.
Saturday, June 21, 1969
Albert Collins, Brenton Wood, Buffy Ste. Marie, Charity, Creedence Clearwater Revival, Eric Burdon and War, Friends of Distinction, Jethro Tull, Lee Michaels, Love, Steppenwolf and Sweetwater.
Sunday, June 22, 1969
Booker T & the MGs, Chambers Brothers, The Flock, The Grass Roots, Johnny Winter, Marvin Gaye, Mother Earth, Jimi Hendrix jam with Buddy Miles, Eric Burdon and Mother Earth, Poco, The Byrds, The Rascals and Three Dog Night.

</doc>
<doc id="18720240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720240" title="St. Andrews Bungalow Court">
St. Andrews Bungalow Court

St. Andrews Bungalow Court is a grouping of bungalows built in 1919 in the Colonial Revival style in Hollywood, California. Based on the structures' well-preserved multi-family courtyard architecture, the grouping was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18720278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720278" title="Bessamatic">
Bessamatic

The Bessamatic was an 35mm SLR camera made by Voigtländer in the 1960s, featuring a selenium meter.
It uses a leaf shutter rather than the more common (in SLR cameras) focal plane shutter. This is a Synchro-Compur shutter mounted behind the lens, which is interchangeable. The shutter speeds go from "B" to 1/500. 
The most common lenses found on the Bessamatic are the Lanthar, Color Skopar, and Color Skopar X all of which are 50mm focal length f/2.8 although the 50mm f/2 Septon is also fitted to these cameras, and is highly prized. 
The 35mm Skoparex is unusual, but not hard to find.
The 135mm f/4 Super Dynarex is relatively common, although the 200mm and 350mm Super Dynarex lenses are relatively rare and expensive. 
The Bessmatic was the first SLR to be fitted with a zoom lens, the Zoomar. This is a highly sought after collectible and is quite expensive. 
The Bessamatic has a reputation as a tricky camera to repair, although if looked after they are a reliable and pleasant to use camera. It is certainly worth seeking out someone familiar with this model for servicing and repair, as the reputation is not totally unfounded. The mechanism is very precisely made with many small components and can be damaged if any of the controls are forced. This can easily turn a minor repair into a camera fit for spare parts use. 
There is also a Bessamatic CS - which has TTL CdS metering, typically fitted with a Lanthar 50 mm/f2.8 lens. This was made only for a short time and is relatively uncommon. 
The Bessamatic M was an entry level model which has no meter at all, and is uncommon today. 

</doc>
<doc id="18720332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720332" title="Freedom Arms Model 83 .500 WE">
Freedom Arms Model 83 .500 WE

Model 83 .500 WE is a single action revolver manufactured by Freedom Arms chambered for the .500 Wyoming Express round.

</doc>
<doc id="18720334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720334" title="Lientur">
Lientur

Lientur was the Mapuche toqui from 1618 to 1625. He was the successor to Loncothegua. Lientur with his vice toqui Levipillan was famed for his rapid "malóns" or raids. Because of his ability to slip back and forth over the Spanish border between its fortresses and patrols and raid deep into Spanish territory north of the Bio-Bio River without losses he was called "the Wizard" by the Spanish. 
In 1625 his successor Butapichón was elected when he resigned his office when he felt himself to be too old and tired to continue as before. However a cacique named Lientur continued to lead troops in the field. He was present leading troops at the Battle of Las Cangrejeras. A cacique of that name also participated in the Parliament of Quillin in 1641.

</doc>
<doc id="18720361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720361" title="Olympic truce">
Olympic truce

The Olympic Truce is a tradition originating from Ancient Greece that dates back to 778 BC in the 8th century BC. A Truce (Ancient Greek: ékécheiria, meaning "laying down of arms") was announced before and during the Olympic Games to ensure the host city state (Elis) was not attacked and athletes and spectators could travel safely to the Games and peacefully return to their respective countries. During the Truce period (lasting up to three months), wars were suspended, armies were prohibited from threatening the Games, legal disputes were stopped, and death penalties were forbidden. 
In 1998, the International Olympic Committee renewed this tradition by calling upon all nations to observe the Truce and the The Olympic Truce was revived by UN resolution 48/11 of 25 October 1993, as well by the United Nations Millennium Declaration relating to the world peace and security. 
In 1996, the Athens Bid Committee committed to reviving the Olympic Truce and promoting it to the world through the Olympic Flame Relay. Three years later, the International Olympic Committee announced the establishment of the International Olympic Truce Foundation and the International Olympic Truce Centre in cooperation with Greece. The vision was to protect the interests of athletes and sport, and to promote peaceful principles in modern day. Each host city was encouraged to embrace the meaning and spirit of the Olympic Truce in the planning and staging of the Games.
Goals.
Through this global and symbolic concept, the goal of the Olympic Truce movement is to:
Initiatives.
2012 London Summer Games.
On the 22nd April 2011 a Member of the House of Lords - Michael Bates, Baron Bates - began walking over 3000 miles from Olympia to London to highlight the opportunity to bring the Olympic Truce into reality during the 2012 London Summer Games. Walk for Truce, Lord Bates was successful in securing pledges from a number of governments to both sign and implement the Truce, supported on his journey by the British Foreign Office. Lord Bates arrived back in London on February 15, 2012 and continues to lobby for the cause of the Olympic Truce.
The UK promoted the ideals of the Olympic Truce both domestically, and for the first time internationally. The London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games (LOCOG) organised truce activities in the UK including: "Get Set for the Olympic Truce" which encourages young people across the UK to learn about the history of the Olympic Truce, to debate and discuss what the Olympic Truce means to their lives and to undertake an activity to promote peace within their school or community. Materials were promoted to over 20,000 schools registered with Get Set.
Truce Inspire is a ‘truce’ strand of the Inspire programme through which LOCOG specifically looked for projects inspired by the London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games which use sport or culture to promote conflict resolution, reconciliation and peace. LOCOG approved a number of projects including: a project led by the University of Ulster which uses sport to support conflict resolution across the education sector; a project providing 200 schools with the opportunity to debate the theme of the Olympic Truce at a Model UN conference; and a project which uses sport to bring together young people from London communities affected by gang rivalry. Cultural Olympiad and the London 2012 Festival organised by LOCOG and the NGO Peace One Day is delivering a truce strand of the Film Nation Shorts project through which 14-25-year-olds are invited to create films focused on the truce theme. LOCOG has also partnered with Peace One Day to deliver a series of concerts as part of the London 2012 Festival.
International activities were led by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) which together with partners promoted the ideals of the Olympic Truce internationally under the themes of:
Speaking about the FCO's work on the Olympic Truce, Foreign Office Minister Henry Bellingham said
On 28 May 2012 during the visit of Foreign Secretary William Hague to Moscow, the UK and Russian foreign ministries (in recognistion of their countries shared roles as Olympic Hosts in 2012 and 2014) agreed to work together to promote and support the ideals of the Olympic Truce.
On 12 September 2012 FCO Ministers updated Parliament
"It was a real honour for the UK to have the responsibility to promote the Olympic truce message. We worked closely on delivering an international response to the Olympic truce, working with the London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic games, the Department for International Development, the Ministry of Defence and the Department for Culture Media and Sport".
"We wanted to show that the UN resolution could be translated into international action. Our diplomatic missions across our network and the FCO in London arranged over 70 events and activities which showed how important the contribution of youth, women and those with disabilities is in promoting peace through sport, culture, education and wider public engagement. While activities took place in every continent, we specifically wanted to bring the Olympic truce to life in conflict affected and fragile countries".
"The UK is the first games host to deliver this level of international ambition for the Olympic truce. The UN Secretary-General, in the presence of the International Olympic Committee, recognised the UK’s Olympic truce work on the eve of the opening ceremony of the London 2012 games. Now others are seeking to build on our experience. We are currently sharing our experience with the UN Secretary-General’s Special Adviser’s Office on sport and development for peace, as well as with Russia, which will next take stewardship of the Olympic truce in 2013, ahead of the Sochi winter games in 2014. This level of international interest, paired with our continued engagement, will help cement our legacy of encouraging future games hosts to promote the ideals of the Olympic truce in their own ways".
Logo.
The official Olympic Truce logo is a graphic with three elements: a dove, flames, and the Olympic rings. The meaning behind the logo is as follows:
United Nations support.
The United Nations is in support of the Olympic Truce and before each Summer and Winter Olympic Games, adopts a resolution called "Building a peaceful and better world through sport and the Olympic ideal". The United Kingdom was the first ever nation to get all 193 UN Member states to [http://www.un.org/wcm/webdav/site/sport/shared/sport/pdfs/Resolutions/A-RES-66-5/A-RES-66-5_EN.pdf sign the Olympic Truce resolution for the 2012 Olympic Games.
UN Support is mainly shown through the resolution. It is also shown by the Solemn Appeals for Truce made by the UN Secretary General and the President of the General Assembly shortly before the Olympic and Winter Olympic Games. The lead office within the UN system is The United Nations Office on Sport for Development and Peace or UNOSDP. The current UN Special Adviser on Sport for Development and Peace is Wilfried Lemke from Bremen, Germany. UNOSDP is situated at the UN Office at Geneva plus a liaison office at UN HQ in New York.
10/17/2011 - The international community pledged to observe the Olympic Truce, individually and collectively. For London 2012, the resolution was officially titled “Sport for Peace and Development: Building a Peaceful and Better World through Sport and the Olympic Ideal” and was introduced by LOCOG chairman Sebastian Coe. “The Truce helps to show the world that peace is a possibility," he said Monday in New York City. "It shows the power that sport has to inspire unity, mutual understanding, and respect among different types of people.” Coe exhorted all member states of the UN to respect the ideals of the Truce. “Countries should feel an obligation to respect the Truce because it holds true to the idea that we can coexist without the need for discrimination and fighting," he urged. “It gives us something to strive towards outside of the Olympics and the arena of sport.”

</doc>
<doc id="18720381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720381" title="William Dolben">
William Dolben

William Dolben (c. 1588 – 1631) was a Welsh clergyman.
Life.
Dolben was born in Pembrokeshire and was educated at Westminster School and Christ Church, Oxford, graduating with a BA degree in 1607 and an MA degree (as from All Souls College, Oxford) in 1610. He obtained his BD degree in 1617 and his DD degree in 1619. After his ordination, he was the incumbent of two benefices in Pembrokeshire: Stackpool Elidyr (1616) and Lawrenny (1620), becoming rector of Llanynys, Denbighshire in 1623. He was (for about four months in 1623) the rector of St Bartholomew-by-the-Exchange before becoming rector of both Stanwick and Benefield in Northamptonshire on 8 November 1623. His marriage in 1623 to Elizabeth Williams, niece of John Williams (who was at the time Bishop of Lincoln, and who was to become Archbishop of York), helped him to be appointed to the Lincoln prebend of Caistor. He maintained connections with Pembrokeshire, still possessing the rectory of Stackpool when he died in 1631 at the age of 42. He was buried at Stanwick. He was survived by two sons: John Dolben, later Archbishop of York, and William Dolben, a judge.

</doc>
<doc id="18720389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720389" title="Aviva Kempner">
Aviva Kempner

Aviva Kempner (born December 23, 1946) is an American filmmaker. Her documentaries investigate non-stereotypical images of Jews in history and focus on the untold stories of Jewish heroes. She is most well known for "The Life and Times of Hank Greenberg".
Life and career.
Kempner was born in Berlin, Germany, the daughter of a Holocaust survivor and a U.S. Army officer. She moved to Michigan with her parents and graduated from the University of Michigan. She now lives in Washington, D.C., where she plays an active role in the artist and film community. She started the Washington Jewish Film Festival in 1989. She attended the Virginia Center for the Creative Arts, McDowell and Yaddo artist colonies in 2002–2004. She is also the member of International Film And Television Club of Asian Academy of Film & Television, Noida Film City, India.
In 1981, Kempner founded The Ciesla Foundation to promote educational materials relating to the Holocaust and Jewish resistance to it. Since then, the foundation has expanded its mission to produce and distribute films to educate the public on general social issues of the past and present. Kempner's films are produced under the auspices of Ciesla. In 1986, Kempner conceived and produced "Partisans of Vilna", a documentary on Jewish resistance against the Nazis. Additionally, she was the executive producer of the 1989 Grammy Award-nominated record "Partisans of Vilna: The Songs of World War II Jewish Resistance".
She is the scriptwriter, director and producer of "The Life and Times of Hank Greenberg", a film about the Jewish slugger who fought anti-Semitism in the 1930s and 1940s. It was awarded top honors by the National Society of Film Critics, the National Board of Review, the New York Film Critics Circle, and the Broadcast Film Critics Association. The film received a George Peabody Award and was nominated for an Emmy. An updated DVD of the film containing over two hours of extras came out in 2013.
In 2009, she released "Yoo-Hoo, Mrs. Goldberg", a 90-minute documentary on Gertrude Berg, one of America's favorite radio and television personalities. Berg was the creator, principal writer, and star of the popular 1930s radio show and then the 1950s weekly televised situation comedy, "The Goldbergs".
She is currently working on her new film project "The Rosenwald Schools", a documentary describing how businessman and philanthropist Julius Rosenwald joined with African-American communities in the South to build schools for them during the early 20th century. She is also co-writing and producing "Casuse", the story of Larry Casuse, a young Native American activist who kidnapped the Mayor of Gallup, New Mexico to draw attention to the plight of the Navajho people and to expose the hypocrisy of the establishment.
Awards.
Kempner is a recipient of the following awards, grants, and fellowships:
Additionally, her films have received grants from the National Endowment for the Humanities and state humanities boards.
Contributions.
Kempner writes film criticism and feature articles for numerous publications, including "The Boston Globe","The Wrap", "The Forward", "Washington Jewish Week", and "The Washington Post". She also lectures about cinema throughout the country. She wrote chapters for the books, "Daughters of Absence", "What Israel Means to Me", and "Jews and American Popular Culture". She has served on the board of CINE, DC VOTE, Forum for the Psychoanalytical Study of Film, District of Columbia Jewish Community Center, and Women in Film and Video.

</doc>
<doc id="18720394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720394" title="Miss Dominican Republic 1963">
Miss Dominican Republic 1963

Señorita República Dominicana 1963 was held on January 29, 1963. There were 14 candidates who competed for the national crown. The Miss Azúcar represented the Dominican Republic at the Miss Universe 1963 . The Miss Café will enter Miss International 1963. The Miss Merengue will enter Feria de la Chinita. Only the 14 province entered. On the top 10 they showed their evening gown and answered questions so they could go to the top 5. In the top 5 they would answer more questions. There are only 14 delegates due to the reason low economy in each province and the country.

</doc>
<doc id="18720395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720395" title="Ted Connor">
Ted Connor

Edward "Ted" Connor (1884 – 1955) was an English association footballer who played as an outside forward for Manchester United in the late 1900s and early 1910s. Born in Liverpool in 1884, Connor played for Eccles Borough and Walkden Central before signing for Manchester United at the end of the FA Cup-winning 1908–09 season. Connor made his debut seven months later, playing in the 4–1 loss to Sheffield Wednesday on 27 December 1909. In two seasons at the club, Connor made a total of 15 appearances, scoring two goals, before being sold for a then-club record fee of £750 to Sheffield United in June 1911.
A year later, Connor signed for Bury. The First World War interrupted his time at Bury, but in 1919, he transferred to Exeter City. A transfer to Rochdale followed a year later, before another transfer, this time to Chesterfield, in October 1921. His tenure at Chesterfield was short-lived, however, as he moved to Saltney Athletic two months later, before retiring. Connor later returned to Manchester United as a club scout and office worker.

</doc>
<doc id="18720403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720403" title="Minolta X-1">
Minolta X-1

The Minolta X-1 (XK in North America, XM in Europe and elsewhere) was the professional model in the Minolta line-up. It took about ten years to develop and started a new era in the Minolta SR system. It was the first Minolta SLR with interchangeable lenses to have an electronically controlled shutter, a horizontically traveling shutter with titanium foil curtains and capable of a shortest speed of 1/2000s (longest selectable was 16 s). It had interchangeable finders:
And the photographer had the choice among nine (later eleven) interchangeable focussing screens. It further had a socket for a synchronised flash shoe, mirror lock up feature, stop down lever, multi-exposure capability.
The X-1 was the first of the X-series and so a completely new designed lens line was introduced and labelled with 'MC Rokkor-X' in the North American market (the rest of the world kept the plain 'MC Rokkor' designation). The most striking attribute was the new waffled rubber coating of the focus grip. The X-1 and its export descendents were available in black finish only.

</doc>
<doc id="18720420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720420" title="Linhof">
Linhof

Linhof is a German company, founded in Munich in 1887 by Valentin Linhof. The company is well known for making premium rollfilm and large format film cameras. The company began by making camera shutters, and Linhof developed the leaf shutter, which became part of Compur. 
Nikolaus Karpf, who entered the company in 1934, designed the first Technika model, the world's first all-metal folding field camera, the same year. Revised models of the Technika are still in production.
Today Linhof is the oldest still-producing camera manufacturer in the world after Gandolfi and Kodak stopped their production.
Products.
Folding bed field cameras.
6x9 cm.
"See also Linhof 6x9."

</doc>
<doc id="18720426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720426" title="Bruce Mulherin">
Bruce Mulherin

Bruce Mulherin (born February 3, 1982 in Red Deer, Alberta) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player, currently playing for Tohoku Free Blades after being released by the Manchester Phoenix due to financial problems. Mulherin began his senior level career icing at NCAA level for the University of Alabama in Huntsville. In his first season at UAH, 2002–03, he featured in 22 games although only managed 3 points and 8 penalty minutes. Mulherin's form would improve greatly in his second year in Alabama though, and in the same number of games he scored 24 points, a ratio greater than a point per game.
Mulherin would play for UAH for two more years, 2004–05 and 2005–06, playing on 64 occasions and totalling 74 points in that time. This excellent points-per-game ratio led to Mulherin's signature being picked up by the Gwinnett Gladiators of the ECHL, generally regarded as the third tier of professional ice hockey in North America. Mulherin featured in 30 games, scoring 11 points. A mid-season move to the Toledo Storm followed, also playing in the ECHL. Mulherin would once again find his scoring touch, totalling 28 points in 36 games. This would help the Storm into the post-season race for the Kelly Cup.
In 2007-08, Mulherin would sign for his third ECHL team, the Las Vegas Wranglers, a team affiliated with the NHL Calgary Flames. He would be given plenty of ice time and repaid the faith shown in him with a return of 35 points in 50 games. Again he would help his team into the post-season and the Wranglers would go on to win the Pacific Division Championship. This success led to Manchester Phoenix head coach Tony Hand successfully seeking Mulherin's signature in the summer of 2008. It was Mulherin's first taste of European hockey, and he adapted quickly scoring 48 points in 55 games despite suffering a knee injury part way through the season. Mulherin's work rate and natural goal-scoring ability lifted the Phoenix into both domestic cup finals as well as the post-season. Despite the on-ice success, financial problems continued and the Phoenix made the decision to play the 2009-10 season in the EPL, limiting the available budget. Consequently much of the senior squad, including Mulherin, was released. Signed with Tohoku Free Blades in the Asia league.

</doc>
<doc id="18720438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720438" title="Tickhill Castle">
Tickhill Castle

Tickhill Castle was a castle in Tickhill, on the Nottingham/Yorkshire West Riding border, England and a prominent stronghold during the reign of King John I of England.
Early history.
The castle started as an 11th-century motte and bailey earthwork named Blythe Castle, built by Roger de Busli, a major landholder in the Domesday book holding 174 estates in Nottinghamshire, on land granted to him by William the Norman. The castle was deliberately built on the Nottingham/Yorkshire border, as Roger held authority in both. After a siege in 1102 Robert Bloet added a curtain wall to the rampart around the bailey; the first part of the castle to be built of stone. 
From 1151 to 1153, the castle was held by Ranulph de Gernon, 2nd Earl of Chester before his death after being poisoned. In 1180 construction began on an 11-sided or circular keep on top of the motte by Henry II of England; it was completed in 1192 along with a stone bridge and a chapel constructed by Eleanor of Aquitaine. 
Possession by John of England.
In 1189, the land around Tickhill was granted to John of England by his brother Richard I of England, although the castle was withheld by Richard, along with Launceston, Rougemont Castle, Exeter, Gloucester and Nottingham, as Richard did not trust John's loyalty while he participated in the Third Crusade. His fears proved well founded after John seized the kingdom in 1191 from William Longchamp, Richard's chosen regent. Along with Windsor Castle, Tickhill was John's main stronghold to protect against a suspected invasion by Philip II of France. 
Tickhill and Nottingham became John's last strongholds under the command of Robert de la Mare, and was besieged by Hugh de Puiset in 1194, with defenders holding out until they heard of the return of Richard to England. After gaining permission from Hugh they sent two knights to find out directly if Richard was indeed returned, and the knights immediately offered to restore the castle to Richard. Richard refused, saying he would only accept an unconditional surrender, which the knights negotiated upon their return, surrendering the castle to Hugh de Puiset in exchange for the defenders' lives. 
In 1321, the castle was unsuccessfully laid siege by Thomas, 2nd Earl of Lancaster during a rebellion against Edward II.
In 1372, it was granted to John of Gaunt by Edward III in exchange for the Earldom of Richmond. It remains a property of the Duchy of Lancaster to this day.
The English Civil War.
By 1540, the castle was in poor repair; the lease was obtained in 1612 by Sir Ralph Hansby, who had the castle repaired and fortified. During the English Civil War the castle remained loyal to the crown, with Major Monckton set in charge of the castle after Sir Ralph's death in 1643. In 1644, John Lilburne and 200 dragoons from the Earl of Manchester's army marched to Tickhill, and accepted the castle's surrender on 26 July. The castle was razed in 1648 to prevent its use as a stronghold in the future. 
Today.
After the Civil War, the Hansby family built a large house, which retains the fortified Norman gatehouse and may incorporate parts of the old hall. The site of the bailey is now part of the gardens. The castle is now a private residence and the monument is maintained by the Duchy of Lancaster, and opened to the public one day a year.

</doc>
<doc id="18720445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720445" title="Dybbuk (disambiguation)">
Dybbuk (disambiguation)

A Dybbuk is a malicious possessing spirit in Kabbalah and European Jewish folklore.
Dybbuk may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18720456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720456" title="Hollywood Melrose Hotel">
Hollywood Melrose Hotel

The Hollywood Melrose Hotel, also known previously as the Melrose Arms and later as the Monte Cristo Island Apartments, is a historic building on Melrose Boulevard in Hollywood, California. Designed by S. Charles Lee, the structure was built in 1927. It has been used both as a hotel and apartments over the years of its existence, with commercial establishments on the first floor. In 1992, the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places based on its architecture. In April 2010, the hotel was reopened as the newly restored Hollywood Historic Hotel. Edmon Simonian and family own the property, and operate a furniture gallery out of its street level. All of the hotel's facades, common spaces, staircases and 62 rooms have been restored to their former 1920's glory following an 18-month long interior and exterior renovation.

</doc>
<doc id="18720472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720472" title="Contax II">
Contax II

The Contax II was released in 1936 and was the successor of the Contax I. It was the first camera with a rangefinder and viewfinder combined in a single window. Its chief designer was Hubert Nerwin. The Nettax was meant to be a cheaper alternative, it was a derivative of the Super Nettel with a rigid body and interchangeable lenses with a specific bayonet and a very limited range of lenses.

</doc>
<doc id="18720490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720490" title="The Packinghouse Christian Fellowship">
The Packinghouse Christian Fellowship

The Packinghouse Christian Fellowship is a Christian church located in Redlands, California. It was established in 1979. The fellowship also includes a Christian school called Packinghouse Christian Academy. The church's former name was Calvary Chapel Redlands with its first pastor being Don McClure.
The senior pastor of the church is Ed Rea. The vision at The Packinghouse Christian Fellowship is "Knowing God And Making Him Known." While being strongly evangelistic, Pastor Ed teaches one Saturday evening (6:30 p.m.) and three Sunday morning services at 8:00, 9:30 and 11:00 a.m. Pastor Greg Opean teaches the Wednesday (7p.m.) and Sunday evening (6:30 p.m.) services.
At the beginning of each service, the Packinghouse Worship Band a Christian Rock Band performs well known Christian rock songs. Every week the Packinghouse invites a known Christian artist. They have already had Michael W. Smith, Casting Crowns,Newsboys, Sonic Flood, Phil Keaggy, Jars of Clay, etc.. Each service is streamed live on the church website in a webcast and can also be viewed in an archived format.
Ministries.
Packinghouse Redlands hosts a lot of ministries.
They include:
Facilities.
In 2005, the church decided to start a new building plan on the same property, the church property is now . The new building's facilities include a wired Coffee shop, Cafe and Bookstore. The main sanctuary contains movie theater style seating with a large clear view balcony offering combined comfortable seating for 3,000 people. The sanctuary includes two large video screens and a fully equipped stage with full surround sound throughout the entire church. The fellowship also has an adjacent outdoor amphitheater where evening services are often conducted during mild weather. Harvest Pastor Greg Laurie and Don McClure dedicated the new building. The old Sunkist building is currently used for the Packinghouse Christian Academy.
Packinghouse Christian Academy.
Packinghouse Christian Academy (formerly Calvary Chapel Christian School) is located in Redlands, California at 27165 San Bernardino Avenue. It is located in the former Sunkist Citrus Packinghouse named the Crown Jewel, which is how the school got its name. The school is also adjacent to the Packinghouse Christian Fellowship. The school's principal is Jeff Lindeman. The school includes kindergarten through twelfth grade. The school's mascot is the California Grizzly and their colors are red, gray, and white. The school has a skilled and caring group of teachers that loves kids. School starts at 8:20 a.m. and ends at 2:55 p.m. 5th Grade student won regional writing competition 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="18720495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720495" title=".22 PPC">
.22 PPC

.22 PPC is a firearm cartridge used primarily in benchrest shooting. It was designed by Dr. Louis Palmisano and Ferris Pindell in 1974 and was originally a wildcat cartridge until 1987, when SAKO, a Finnish firearms manufacturer, began producing commercial .22 PPC rifles and ammunition. Since then, several other manufacturers have created rifles chambered in .22 PPC, including Norma and Remington Arms.

</doc>
<doc id="18720505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18720505" title="Diax">
Diax

Diax is a series of 35mm viewfinder and rangefinder cameras made from 1947 to 1957 by the company Walter Voss based in Ulm (Germany). A characteristic model was the Diax Ia for interchangeable lenses, with 3 different viewfinders in the top, each in a different color: blue for 35mm lenses, yellow for 85 or 90mm lenses and neutral for 45 or 50 mm lenses. The Diax II, Diax IIa and Diaxette models were rangefinder cameras. The b models were like the a models, but with a rapid film advance lever.
External links.
In English and German:
In English:
In Danish:
In German:
In French:

</doc>
